Lost and HopelessAt what point does it make sense to kill yourself because you have exhausted every other option? I've had suicidal thoughts for about a decade now, but I never really considered actually doing it until quite recently. I'm so far down the drain that I don't think it's humanly possible to obtain the life I want, a somewhat normal life, anymore.

I'm a 23 year old guy with avoidant personality disorder who doesn't have any friends, never worked a job, and never had any sort of relationship with anyone. On top of that, I just failed college for the second time in 5 years because I'm too depressed and anxious to deal with handling the work and being around people all day. I have absolutely no skills or anything to offer to any individuals or society. I just play video games and listen to music all day because that's the only thing that doesn't cause me anxiety.

I hate myself and I hate the fact that I hate myself. I can see the innate beauty in every other person on this planet except for myself. A lot of people feel and act the way I do and I wouldn't call them worthless, so why must I do so when it comes to me? I feel this hollow yet dense pain in my chest that won't go away. The pain comes from the realization that I am completely and utterly worthless, and nothing will ever change that because I was born with the wrong genes and made stupid decisions my entire life.

Medications, therapies, and "getting out there" haven't helped in the slightest. In all honesty, I'm worse off for having tried them because I used to have hope that there was something out there that could help me. Failing over and over again has crushed my soul to the point of no return. I'm starting yet another CBT program in a few weeks, one which is way out of my price range and will leave me in moderate debt, and I can't help but feel that this is my final hope. I can't keep doing this crap anymore. I'm either going to get better soon, or I'm going to die, there will not be an in-between anymore.