Bad life choices have left me feeling suicidalSo here's my situation... I'm now 28 and the only thing I have to show for it is a couple grand in the bank and about 5-6 years of part time restaurant work. I had a pretty damaging childhood and was a complete mess in my early 20s and used online games as my escapism. It was through this that I met and fell in love with a woman that I had a LDR with for seven years, insane amount of time for a long distance thing I know. I couldn't of cared less though, as long as I actually had someone to go to that actually cared it was fine by me. Long story short I made the reluctant call to break up with her and it's sent my mentality into an absolute tailspin.

I allowed myself to become way too codependent and now I feel completely lost. I blew off everything... my friends, family, interests, job hunting and career building, hell I'm even still stuck at home. I burned everything you can imagine due to my unhealthy investment into the relationship. I've pretty much lost everyone around me save for some family members. I had planned my future around moving with her and getting work once we were together but now I have no idea what the future holds. It's hard to keep your head held high when you don't have a damn thing to be proud of.

I'm trying to be strong, trying to keep myself motivated by doing things like working out, but not going to lie... not a day passes where I don't think about just swallowing a bottle of pills or running my truck into a tree. I just feel like I've pissed too much time away, that by breaking up with her I've screwed my life even harder (the situation with her is complicated but I miss the hell out of her) than it already is, and that I'm not going to be able to pull myself out of this so why bother anymore. I can't get these damn thoughts of being some inept waste of space, and wanting to bring it all to an end, out of my head. Let's be real about this, I've screwed up bad.

I feel like I can't even trust my own judgement so that's where I was hoping I could get some help. I seriously need some advice on what to do or where to go from here, I also want to know where I stand with my situation. It's bad I know, but I want to know exactly how bad it really is. Right now I feel like the only way out is well, out, and I really don't want to end things by doing something that cowardly but I honestly don't know what else to do.

Crossposting from r/Advice