So lost...I feel like dying is the only way outTo start with I never seemed like an unhappy child. I had a great childhood plenty of friends and pretty much happy-go-lucky. Although when I was growing up I watched my sister put my parents through so much hurt and pain. I knew I never wanted to be like her. Along with that my father is also an extreme perfectionist and only expects the best. When my brother was born my parents didn't spend much time with me because of my hellish sister and my baby brother. So I felt unloved at moments. 
  Skip ahead some years and my dad got a job offer across the state so we moved (I was born and raised around a Mormon population but not LDS myself). So I jumped right into middle school I did t know anyone and that's when I first thought about killing myself. I would sit and cry and think of ways to end it all. I would hold knives ip to my chest and think about how easy it would be. This went on all through middle school it was horrendous. 
High school finally started and things seemed to get better. It was the end of the school year when my depression hit me hard. I thought about killing myself yet again but not to drastically. Earlier that year I decided to do my states teen pageant. Well the stress to be skinny and look a certain way was way overwhelming. So I now was bulimic. I would throw up after every meal. Binge on all the fatty foods with the satisfaction of knowing I could throw it up. It wasn't until I started throwing up blood that I finally broke down and told my mom. She took me to a counselor and it wasn't easy. 
Throughout this whole ordeal I had an amazing boyfriend who always was there to support me and soon I was put on anti depressants and everything was good again. 
About a month ago my depression really started weighing down on me I took my anti depressants and I'd still feel terrible. I talked to my counselor but she kinda blew it off. Thus here I am. A few weeks ago I asked my boyfriend just too be a little bit more talkative and hold my hand around his friends. Nothing major I'm not too much of a needy person. Then last week I had a mental break down and told him what was really going on. He just graduated high school and is going to college in canada. I've had a hard time coping with that since I have 2 years of high school left. I feel a lot of resentment towards myself because of my eating disorder I constantly blame myself for other people sadness. And I have a ton of guilt and it haunts me every day. Today I asked him to come see me but it turned into a fiasco. He came over and told me we needed to take a break. I broke. I feel hopeless now. He asked me to promise him I wouldn't hurt myself but I told him I couldn't now I feel more suicidal than ever. I'm so lost I dont know what way to step. 
I've thought about driving into incoming traffic or driving off a bridge, jumping off a bridge. I don't know if I would ever do any of those things but as of now I'm scared and suicidal. 