I waste hours with elaborate plans to Kill Myself or Run AwayI truly am a pathetic, emotional, undeserving, ungrateful child.

The most ironic thing about my post is that I have talked people out of suicide in real life and online.  Yet, even though I know what to say and I know what I'm saying its right, I can't convince MYSELF of the exact same things.

I've always been a very anxiety-ridden person.  When I was in 6th grade, there was gag gift day, and my teacher gave me a hernia operation video b/c of how much I stress out.  Ever since I was in Kindergarten, I have held myself to insane standards - mainly academically but also socially.

I'm so hard on myself that neither my parents nor any authority figure has EVER ONCE IN MY LIFE had to punish me or inform me of my wrongdoing because I punished myself mentally and physically 10-fold what they would do.

I'm fine most days but if any stress comes at all (relationships, SCHOOL, etc.), I fantasize about the perfect way to kill myself.  I don't want to risk failing and then being paralyzed or a vegetable or have half a face.  I also create elaborate plans on disappearing and starting a new life elsewhere.

I am afraid that one day I may do it.  I came close once.

The horrible thing is that my life would be awesome to 99.9% of people on this earth.  I have a caring family, more money than I will ever need, access to opportunities, a private school education since birth, tons of friends, etc.  And none of them know that I hate myself with all my being.

And yet I fantasize about ending it.  I have had a nervous breakdown in every new stressful situation (college, grad school, etc).  I overanalyze.  I actually wish I had an I.Q. of 80 and wasn't capable of subjecting myself to Med school stress.

There is such severe social pressure on me to become a doctor.  Everyone I know is a doctor, dentist, lawyer, or businessman.  I would feel like a failure if I did not become one of these, and yet I don't want to do anything of them.  I want to work a non-stressful job and watch movies and not care