not sure if this is the right place. not sure what to call this.If this is in the wrong place, I apologize.  I understand if it needs to be deleted.

No matter where I am, who I'm with, or what I'm doing, I have this sinking feeling that I'd rather be dead.  I have a large group of loving friends, a supportive family, and a loving significant other.  All of these people mean a lot to me and I'm sure I mean a lot to them.

Every day for as long as I can remember, years, I've thought about suicide.  Every day.  I can't escape it.  Some days I'll even realize I haven't thought about suicide, and it'll spiral down from there.

I don't know where this comes from or why it exists.
I do know that I constantly feel worthless, as though there's no real reason I should be alive.  Subjectively, I know I make my family and  my friends happy.  Objectively, this is not enough for me.  I know I'll never do anything that matters.  All I will do for the rest of my life is consume, take, and destroy.  It is what all humans do.  It seems other people can push it away, I can't.  

I couldn't decide whether or not to include this last part.  I really don't want to, but it's probably important to my story.  I'm a vegan, I have been for the past couple years, vegetarian before that.  I only include this because when I think about the suffering humans and non-human animals go through as a result of omnivorous diets, it makes me incredibly sad and disappointed.  I also include it because I think it is important in understanding my morality.  That is, if I were to seek help and someone gave me advice, if that person weren't vegan I'd find the advice hard to take.  THIS IS NOT BECAUSE I DO NOT RESPECT THE VIEWS OF OMNIVORES OR THINK I'M BETTER THAN OMNIVORES.  This is because I, personally, find the way omnivores sustain their lives morally indefensible.  If someone thinks their life is worth eating others multiple times a day, we are operating on different wavelengths.  

I feel as though I deserve nothing, will accomplish nothing, and would rather die than to keep taking.


I know if I reached out to any of my friends, my significant other, or my family, they'd be incredibly supportive and helpful.  The only problem is me.  I won't let myself.  I don't want to foul my relationships with any of these people.  As much as I see people advising this, I don't buy it.  I know eventually it'll be too much for these people I care about so much to handle.  

As far as my friends go, I don't want to put that burden on them.  Everyone has their own problems, and I don't feel as though mine are worth sharing.  Everyone I know considers me to be super happy, outgoing, and friendly.  I don't want to ruin this by "coming out."

As far as my family goes, I know they'd be supportive, but it'd break their hearts.  Both of my parents worked up from nothing, and put me through college.  At this point I find it hard to do anything, school is becoming increasingly difficult.  I'm in an arts major, so I know I won't make any money.  I very much want to finish school and work a minimum wage job and stay quiet.  I feel as though their lives would be easier if I were a failed investment instead of a broken person.

My significant other has seen me at my worst.  Some days I cannot get out of bed for hours because I just think and think and spiral down.  I know they know something is wrong, and they always say I can talk to them.  I dont believe it.  I know they will be initially supportive, but it will take its toll.  Even if they do stay, they deserve more than someone who is a constant downer &amp; fantasizes about death.  

I don't want to put this burden on anyone.  It's taken me months to even put this on here.  I'm not an immediate suicide threat, but its a constant in my life.  I'm afraid something terrible will happen at some point and it'll push me.  Every time I think about suicide I think about how much it will hurt everyone around me.  I think about how many people in the world have worse lives than me.  I think about how privileged I am and how ungrateful I must be to even consider it.  

All of this weighs on me.  All the time.  I don't know how any of you will be able to help.  I appreciate anyone who tries.

Thank you. 