I have to leave this group.I can't help you. I want the same thing you all want. 

We all want to die. Every single human. Most people just don't admit it because they're afraid of the stigma. All of us want the good life that we can never have. Attractive, wealthy, smart, whatever. 

It doesn't get better. You have to make it better, make yourself better. Show her why she fucked up. It's hard and she probably won't give a fuck. She's probably talking trash about you right now, or getting dicked down by one of your close friends. It happened to me. More than once I've had my heart broke, I've been struggling with suicidal thoughts for over 8 years now, I'm 22, multiple suicide attempts and at this point I'm convinced I'm immortal. They diagnosed me with schizophrenia but I don't buy it. I hate it here and I think the whole world is just some cruel simulation that I'm playing on an alien spaceship, or that all fate and time is set in stone down to the very moment you're reading this. I just want to know what's on the other side. Maybe I am in hell right now and my eternity in hell is living out the rest of this miserable existence.

I don't want my mom to know I killed myself, when she's a great mom and she did everything for me, I have younger siblings who I couldn't see how they would survive it after the tears they she'd for a their dead hamster. The pain and the love doesn't go away it just gets transfered to someone else. I wish you a good passing. I've been a dead man for a long time.

Most of my suffering seems to be my financial situation.

 I tried it all and all the easy stuff just makes it worse. Cutting yourself and getting tattoos/piercings(leaves scars for stupid people to ask questions), trying all the drugs(melts your short term and long term memory), drinking into oblivion(raped), drinking and driving (tickets and fines), 160 mph and 100+mph crashes (damage to shoulders, neck, back), tons of meaningless sex with girls from highschool,(luckily I have no STDs or children), I'm walking through life like a dead man. 

It's all easy and its pointless and mundane. 

You need to do the hard stuff. Study and succeed financially. Heal. Trust me just try to heal. All humans are shitty and you just have to find one you can tolerate forever, and sometimes they're not able to tolerate you, oh well. Work hard and succeed, that's my advice. Maybe ask God. 
I'm just hanging around waiting to see the apocalypse, or until I grow the balls to burn everything down. The world is cruel and unfulfilling until you acquire some money but I'm not down for working 40 more years.

I'm having fun sometimes just thinking about the apocalypse. Manifesting horrible things like the riots against police and the California wild fires.

I'm just here living through life at this point trying to get to the end cause I can't do it to my mom. She deserves a better son and I'm going to try to be that better son. Killing myself would ruin her and all my siblings forever. It's such unfair torture for me that I have to stick around for them. My life isn't even that horrible. I just live in my mom's basement and work my lousy job. 

I have to leave this group because I'm going to tell you all that you should either kill yourself, or just start setting everything on fire. EVERYTHING, starting with the police stations and government buildings then we need to wreck all the financial institutions. We should all go back to living naked in the woods.

If I do it, I'll be setting myself on fire, one day eventually, in the middle of my favorite highway in protest to the horrible "justice" system, the ridiculous laws, and just human life on earth in general and to honor the highway.

Thanks for reading