This is my very first post, I'm not allowed to get therapy. Any help is appreciatedI truly think I have an anxiety disorder. I have the biggest fear of being embarrassed, I over react to things nearly all of the time, and it really effects my relationships. 
On top of that, I have really bad depression. Self diagnosed, but I think the thought of suicide explains it. My parents won't allow me to go to therapy.
After a lot of thinking, I think my depression comes from not feeling important. I think this is because I am a middle child, my two sisters and I are all 5 years apart. And I think I look for something to ease that sore spot through relationships, because it makes me feel like I matter to someone. My parents don't make me feel important. That's for sure. They're scared of my older sister, and my little sister is too stubborn. It's gotten to the point that when we go out for a family dinner, I get left out. They talk about work with my older sister, sports with the younger, and they're so busy on them they don't have time to ask me how my week has been, etc. My parents' friend found out I was planning on killing myself, and he told them and they refused to take me to therapy still. All they did was scold at me and continue their daily lives. This only made it worse.
The depression and the anxiety create this terrible mix that goes hand in hand. The only reason why I haven't killed myself yet is because I'm a coward. Lately, I've become more risk taking and caring less and the thought of death doesn't scare me anymore. I'm only hoping that something else ends my life.
I'm in college, with exams coming up and I honestly feel like there's no hope for me, just turning 18 and live in an upper middle class family. I'm spoiled, but unlike most spoiled kids I don't take my parents buying me cars for granted.
I don't know what kind of background information is needed to help resolve these problems. I want to learn how to deal with it, not someone to vent to. I need a new way of thinking along with it. If I can't get professional therapy, this is next resort because I don't find asking a friend for help actually helping anymore.