Always thought depression was a joke.I have been depressed for a large part of my life.  I never would admit it, I can make an excuse for anything.  Depression has always hidden itself as boredom or exhaustion but never as sadness.   I always saw depressed people as pathetic and crying all the time feeling sorry for themselves and cutting themselves as a way to get pity and attention.  The kind of people that stay in bed all day, I always thought, just fix it, stop feeling sorry for yourself.  

I realize now that depression comes in so many forms and impacts everyone differently.  For me being depressed is not sadness, I do not even feel bad mentally.  But for me my life is over.  I have lost all will and desire to participate as a human being.

I just turned 30 in august.  I have no job and am currently sleeping on my mothers couch in her 1br apartment.  I have been bouncing between living with my mother and my 2 sisters  for over a decade. I havent had a friend since highschool.  I am a recluse.   I have never kept a job for more than a year.  I am currently "unemployable" due to being an extremely high risk for turnover.  The thing is I get bored very quickly and just leave my job because there were never any consequences.  

I have thoughts of suicide everyday.  But I am a coward and dont have the balls to do it, or so I thought.  Lately things have changed.  Its not a thought anymore, its now a feeling.  I feel for the first time that I am going to kill myself.  Its almost a confidence,  you can do it I hear in my head, now is the time.  I have even told my family and got an expected result.  They dont care, my mother told me she didnt need me.  My older sister said just go do it, dont tell me before you do.

I am almost in disbelief that my life has come to this.  Years of bad choices has suddenly blindsided me and now there is seemingly only 1 solution.  And the worst part is, in hindsight, one decision I made in highschool started me on this path.  I have been on this path for so long I am numb to it.  Its almost like getting fat, you just dont notice its happening until one day you suddenly open your eyes and say how the fuck did this happen.  

I dont want to kill myself, but I am blind to any other options now.  Everything would require me to apply myself and put forth an effort and I have somehow convinced myself that I am beyond that point.  Life in my opinion just isnt worth living if you are miserible everyday.

Even the concern of how this would impact my family, the sadness and confusion they might feel, has subsided.  Life will go on for them, they will forget and move on.  After all once you are dead you do not have the capacity to care about the people you once knew.  Everything that happens after your death is not your problem.  A very selfish thing to do, but it is my life.

I even have a plan.  I will buy a shotgun and go into the woods during the morning hours, while everyone is hustling to their meaningless jobs, and pull the trigger.  Noone would even hear the shot.  I wouldnt be found for days if not longer.  Ill leave a note telling my family I decided to leave.  They wont even bother trying to find me.