It all comes back to nothingI want death. I’ve wanted death ever since I was a teenager and I realized what that implied. That happens to many teenagers, you realize that everything you were told up to that point was bullshit, that humanity was determined by sex drives, and the sex drives of your peers are based on nothing more than basal instinct and appearances. That these are hidden, and talking about them labels you a monster, but the monstrous actions of your peers, those are fine for some reason even though those actions cause so much more hatred and hurt than merely pointing them out.
I’ve wanted to die for years. People say it gets better. People are full of shit. Humans do not fundamentally change. Humans did not suddenly start caring about each other. I get it, as a man, I do not deserve anything in life. Men and women are equal, but men must act. We say this isn't the case, but then men die of old age waiting for this untruth to come true. We lie about women because they don't have to act, they don't have to do anything but exist and blame the men, turn them down for not being perfect, because men need to be perfect and women need to exist. Because of some convoluted theory, I control the entire planet, or my ancestors who weren’t related to each other did somehow, so I need to be punished by being responsible for everything horrible in the world, even as those around me base their actions on nothing more than basal instinct and appearances.

I have no one to talk to. Family never cared. Friends don’t care. People around don’t care. At this point, I don’t even care, I merely want to die. I haven’t been touched in a decade. What did I do to deserve this punishment?  Not be born in the right body. Everything awful in humanity makes sense -- this is what women are attracted to, you merely have to spend time in your community and pay attention. They could not lie more without coming around to the truth again. You can’t even talk about this, because if you do, if you point out how people treat you, how differently they treat you, how you have so little move to room compared to those around you, you’re a monster, you get compared to the worst of society. But those taking those actions that cause hurt?  They go unheeded, they go unseen and unspoken.

Nothing fixed anything. All effort was spinning my wheels. I’ve talked about this endlessly, but I have no choice. Can you please offer me suggestions, or is it really as simple as my body as wrong and I need to kill myself? Is it really as simple as women have so many options that a simple body imperfection and a different personality can condemn you to untouched loneliness for life and a death at your own hand? Are men and women really that different? Then why do we pretend women are oppressed if the men are the ones going without love, without shelter, without care? I can be outgoing, I can do everything suggested and then some. And then some. But nothing fixes it, so the obvious answer is I don’t get to enjoy life. I get it now, I need to kill myself.

This is my plea. I am another man you don’t care about. I am another number in your system of uncaring malice, where you lie in order to get me to do something. This is where you lie. You tell me that life is worth living, because the entirety of your body isn’t based on what you inherit at birth. Inheritances are wrong, income inequality is wrong, but your body inherited at birth is what determines how much dopamine you get and that body over there may belong to an awfully basic mind but that’s all that matters so we’re going to touch him, we’re going to relieve his tension and aches, his soreness, we’ll give him pleasure, and happiness, and joy, and release, and comfort, and then he’ll dominate you because his brain works correctly because of OUR ACTIONS, but that’s your fault for not being born pretty like him. You don’t deserve a good life because you didn’t inherent the right body. We’re progressive,. We’re forward minded, we’re beyond judging each other on our bodies, except for you, your body is wrong. You need to kill yourself. We’ll never say this, we’ll just leave you in a touchless void until you get the point and jump. The sidewalk under the bridge has had your name on it for years, leave a mark for those bikers, make them notice you existed. Make them take note.