I feel hollowed out.I feel like every waking minute there are endless waves smashing into me and the rest of existence. Everything positive that’s constructed is partial to collapsing. I never wanted to catch myself pretending to be a functional human being in the most basic sense of the word but here I am. No more passion, no more interests, no more love. I was never a crier and now I duck into the toilet at work and sob silently every day. This pit in my stomach hasn’t gone away for nearly three years now. I’ve seen every doctor. I’ve stuck with every treatment. I’ve stuck with hobbies. I hiked the PCT last year to try and push myself so hard that this thing would somehow just leave. 

My partner and I paint and make coffee together and watch movies but when I’m alone it overtakes me and I almost feel relief at being able to drop the pretence and hurt myself as much as possible just to get some emotion flowing. She went on a trip last weekend and I laid on the floor for two days. I don’t want to be here, I don’t want to grind through this thresher anymore trying to see the best in everyone when all there is, at the end of each day, is this futility and this hollowness. There’s no reward, or pat on the back, there’s just more pain. I used to get a kick out of putting myself in extremely uncomfortable situations just to try and celebrate pain in life (lots idiotic solo hikes, kayak trips etc.) but that isn’t cutting it. I can’t feel anything.

I’m so tired. I don’t want to wake up. The only time there’s no despair is when I’m absolutely off my face on Ativan or weed and that’s not a sustainable way to live. 

I eat healthy, I run every single day, I work out, I have a relationship, I have people who care about me. I know this illness isn’t my fault but a responsibility nonetheless. I can’t handle the responsibility anymore. I’m so tired. I’m so sick of how wrong this life feels, like there’s no place for me here. I wish I could just be a ghost and observe, floating along.