I have more suicidal days than normal days.They say suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary problem. But I'd like to emphasize that this problem is not temporary - it is 22 years standing. And growing worse.

I've come to the conclusion that some people are dealt Shit hands. Its kind of a far cry to tell me to seek help. I''ve been in the mental health system for over a decade, populated with meds that my mind consumed and burped out and I've noticed zero change, and therapists that put their hands on both of my shoulders and told me I've done my time in my personal hell and my life would get steadily better. Its kind of a crock of bullshit.

I've dealt with a lot of rape During puberty that made me feel like sex is a war and the bombing country is the person who instigates it and the receiver is the one under attack. Victory happens when the receiver refuses. Keep in mind, this happens during love also. I see myself submitting to sex as a form of defeat and degradation 

Now it wouldn't be so bad if everyone didn't see me as some mobile blow up doll. I don't like it when strangers give me the eyes or when every New person I meet on an established friend-to-friend basis texts me with "I was up thinkin about you last night haha. Nice tits haha :)".

My relationships were abysmal. All spanned from the realm of sexual abuse to neglect, abandonment or verbal jabs. My suicide stems from the notion that I am convinced that I am just not an individual designed to be loved.

Which is ironic because I do have an aching wound, and I always play the joker in social situations and when I'm gone In a few days, nobody would have even thought. I was never morbid or a cry for help or a sour puss.

I feel that if I continue with the inner core thoughts of "I'm a broken bird, please heal me" I feel that my personality will morph into that.

I really look forward to my suicide because I'll never be rejected on the basis that I'm not a sexual animal. I'll never have to watch another dating profile rot to dust. I'll never have to know What another empty birthday party is or asking someone I've been with for 2 years, modestly, "do you love me?" only to watch them avoid the answer and text someone else.

I think in a week or two I'll be gone but I'm already forgotten. I'm sure everyone will have no issue remembering my body parts though.

I
