I want it so bad. But I'm a coward.This is going to be long. I'm sorry. I may lose motivation halfway through...I dunno.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vv0FFxiWOUY (Just incase anyone wants to hear the song I have on at the moment, for mood setting)

My life has been fucked since the day I was born. Born to a broken family, an abusive mother, in extreme poverty, barely knowing my father until later years. 

When I was 9 my mother tried to kill herself, I spent months raised by my grandmother, visiting my mom in the psyche ward.

when I was 11, I got into drugs, (Railing dexidrine, ridalin, morphine, smoking pot, cigs, beer). 

at 12, I hung myself with an industrial sized chain, in my closet of my bedroom. I woke up on the floor, with both ends undone.

by 16 I had been on and off the streets homeless many times, was addicted to cocaine, many pills. I've spent entire winters in alleyways, in -30C weather (winters here get very cold). More of my teenage years was spent homeless, than not.

by 18, I had already OD'd three times... to the point of being KO. even having my heart and breathing stop at one point.

18, one daughter was born, I started my road to sobriety around this time too.

19, another daughter born, different mother.

Most of their lives I was not around, sadly, not by choice. Elder kid's mother used her as a weapon against me for leaving her, for years. Nowadays, She lives with my mother and I share joint custody with my mother (I gave her to my mother after my daughter came into my care due to bad decisions by the mother. but, I wasnt in the right spot financially to suddenly take on that role, so my mom offered to help.)

When I was 21, my mother wrote me a letter to apologize for being abusive and a bad mom, rather than a birthday card that year, and has been a good mom, and a great grandmother / caretaker for my kiddo. My daughter is in a good place, and I know that I won't have to worry about her when I'm gone. 

My other daughter also was weaponized by the mother, and I have seen her no more than a week of her life. She lives a 6 hour drive away, and I have no car, so I couldn't even if I wanted.

I'm 28 nowadays. Sober from chemical drugs nearly a decade. I'm in my last semester, of a two year college program. I'm financially ABSOLUTELY FUCKED, but overall, I'm further ahead in my life than I ever have been before. 

...But it's not enough. I've been wanting to die since I was 12. I've tried a few more times, but all of them since that first time, were only half hearted, because I'm scared. Having OD'd to the brink of death as a junkie, and having hung myself in the past, I remember how it feels to slip away, I remember how it feels to basically die...and it's not (in my opinion) a very 'nice' feeling.

I'm a coward, you see. I'll run from 99% of fights. I'll hide in the bathroom to eat my lunch because I'm too socially anxious to sit with people, unless I know them. Last night, my recently graduated firefighter student roommates, threw a GIANT house party, FILLED with gorgeous women (seriously, it was like a movie) and I spent the entire night in my bedroom, because I'm too shy and cowardly to go socialize and try to meet anyone.

I'm also so cowardly, that I want to die SO FUCKING BADLY, for 16 FUCKING YEARS NOW, and the only thing keeping me alive at this point, isn't my daughters, isn't my chance after college at a good life (because I stopped caring about obtaining that many moons ago), but literally just because I'm too cowardly to hang myself or something again.

If I had a gun, it might be easier. Pull the trigger, no thought, bam, done. I could get super drunk to make it easier to do...But I can't afford a gun. 

It's not just my past that haunts me. I can shove it into the back of my mind... But my present day is fucked. I have tattoos on my hands that I cant afford to cover up, that have cost me so many jobs...People look at me strangely...etc. They are the sigils of Satan (Google images "Satans Sigil" there is two different ones. One like a triangle shape with a V, one shaped kinda like a martini glass). I used to recognize as a theistic satanist. Nowadays, atheist. My teeth are not rotten thankfully, given my history, but they are very badly taken care of over the years and it shows, not to mention I desperately need braces. The point in mentioning these details, is that even though I wear nice clothes (I have made sure during pockets of financial stability, to buy new and nice clothes etc, so nobody outwardly would know just how bad life is.) and I do my hair good and whatever, but I still LOOK 'bad' enough I guess, that nobody ever approaches. I can't remember the last time a woman checked me out walking down the street. I cant remember the last time my feeble attempts at getting a phone number, got me anything other than a disgusted look and a "Uh. No." All my past relationships, have been through other people. Friends of friends. But that well has run dry. The only female attention I get, weirdly, is from numerous women who are either attached and want to cheat on their partner, or in open relationships and want me as a side piece. I guess maybe I'm good enough to fuck on occaision, but just a dildo with legs. 

That said, my suicide desires, are not solely based around a lack of romance. 

I'm very alone. I do have a few friends who try to be there as much as anyone could ask of someone. People who come hang out occaisionally...But I feel alone. I have felt this way for 16 years. It doesnt matter how happy I should be...I've been engaged to a GORGEOUS woman (seriously...like 9/10. I dont know how I did it.) and I fucked that relationship up; but even when we were at our happiest, I still secretly wanted to die, almost every day. I've never gone more than a week without longing for it.

I want to die, so, fucking, badly...and I can feel like its getting closer and closer to finally having the strength...

I don't know why I posted this, I just didn't know where else I could express my mind anonymously with people who actually fucking get it, or won't judge.

Edit 1: Added more details and clarity. 