help me, i am sufferingHey everyone, i'm currently going into my junior year of college, and I wish I could be excited, but i'm really not. I don't know what i did to deserve this hell I live in, but i'm finding it almost unbearable to get up and lead a normal day. So, this all started in high school, when I used omegle as a way to pass time and talk to people around the world. One time, I saw something so awful, horrific, and illegal, it has messed me up till this day. I reported it, donated money to a foundation, and tried my best to move on with my life even though the images have stuck with me. I felt tainted, awful, like less of a person, and very weird and inferior compared to other people for having seen something like that, something i wish i could take back in a heartbeat. I wish i could say that's all, but unfortunately for me, it gets worse. Having not seen anything like that since the incident, it happened again, on my last day of sophomore year of college. I took my final I had early in the morning, finished up a paper, and decided to hang with my best friend. After I decided to hang out in my dorm room, packing and waiting for my parents to come pick me up. While scrolling on facebook, I saw an article posted that about omegle that had to do with something along the lines of my past experience with that website. I didn't click on it initially since I was hanging out with my friend, but after he left I wanted to read it. I wasn't sure exactly who posted it, so i searched facebook search bar for that specific post. My keywords used in the search had nothing to do with the thing I saw next while scrolling. The search brought up a number of posts on facebook, and while scrolling, someone posted a photo of something that they had seen on there. Once again, sick, disgusting, and awful, and i can't believe that was on facebook. I caught a glimpse before reporting it so fast and throwing my phone across the room. I had such bad anxiety on the way back, as I was so upset. Facebook eventually took the photo down thanks to my report. I've been extremely depressed lately due to this. I can't get both images out of my head no matter how hard I try. I can't believe this is my life, as i wanted to do great things. I would be really excited to go back to school, but I feel i'm ruined. I feel like i tainted my college career, my campus, and the dorm i once lived in. I keep thinking to myself, who the fuck sees this shit in their 4 years at college? I feel so sick,and feel as i'm tainted and my life is tainted. I'm jealous of other people who didn't have to see these things. I feel weird, and undeserving of anything good, and completely abnormal. This summer i've been compulsively googling and feel like the police and my university is watching me, even tough i wasn't on their wifi and it was an accident. I can't believe i've seen this awful shit in my life more than once. I feel like everything is tainted and ruined. I would be excited but i'm dreading going back knowing this happened to me. Help me please, I feel like a worthless loser, and unsure how to proceed. I'm 20 and I don't know if i can live another 70 years like this.