I want to suffer.It's a strange admission to make, really.  It sounds insane.  It certainly doesn't sound like me, and that's what's really unsettling.  It's as if some of these ideas belong to someone else and I'm only borrowing them with the intent of coaxing myself into following through.  

Think of it like martyrdom, or perhaps like a political statement.  I want to suffer in such a way that no one could entertain the idea that it was peaceful.  I want to be mangled.  I want to take all the rage and fear that I struggle to cope with on a daily basis and turn it inward against myself.  I want to feel pain on a level that, in my current state, I cannot even comprehend.

The idea is that it will legitimize this struggle.  If it's shocking, if it's messy and prolonged and absolutely agonizing, it is a fitting metaphor for my own life.  Every meaningful interaction, everything I ever dared to hope for, every situation in which I thought I could make it out alive and on top has turned into a painful, debilitating embarrassment.  An abject failure.  A sickening loss.  A testament to this idea that creeps into my head at night and keeps me awake for hours:  *I was never supposed to be here.*

I can't even begin to lie about how far down I am right now.  Although I know it's untrue, I feel as if the only meaningful thing I've ever brought into creation is suffering.  I feel as if it's all I really know.  I feel as if every good thing that's ever happened to me and every benevolent thing I've ever done has only served to make this fucking despair a little more vibrant.  

I'm not the kind of guy who has a plan.  I don't know when or where or how.  I only know that I'm dancing precariously on the edge of absolution and I won't be able to stop myself once I take the first step.  

I need someone to help me make sense of this.  I need someone to listen to me, even if only for a moment, and tell me that I did something that fucking mattered.  I need to not feel so utterly disposable, so completely wasted, so devoid of any hope.

Please fucking help me.