I posted this to a helpline, thought I'd share.
I've been silently fighting depression for several years now but I feel like it's about to fall apart. I was diagnosed with clinical depression but I did not do anything about it.

I'm constantly thinking about not living anymore. I've read a little about this and it seems quite popular, the wish to not live anymore but not wanting to commit suicide, that's where I've been for longer than I can remember, not everyday but it's a persistent reoccurring thought.

I am a classic enough case, (48) man, unemployed, broke, few friends... I check a good 8 of 10 high risk factors for suicide. And my brother committed suicide too.

I do have a few things to live for, kids, wife, parents and a dog. But I just don't see any point beyond not upsetting them. 
I have little to know joy, I feel nothing most days and when I do feel something it's typically regret, angst, sadness, anger, frustration and loneliness. I have no profession, no prospects for work other than low level task orientated type work - which I feel would make me want to die quicker. I've been trading on the stock market and have lost almost everything. 

Watching my kids jump around, dance and play is such a contrast to the dark thoughts I have - Just to be sure, I am not a danger to them, or me for that fact. I realize I have an illness even though I believe I am correct in that at some point a person's life does not always have to be worth living, that, life is hard, it does suck, it can be pointless and futile. 

My marriage is loveless and emotionless, if we could afford to we would divorce. I'm not upset by this and actually think it would be better for all of us. And not to brush over this point, but imagine living with someone you know does not love you anymore, is not attracted to you and also believes they would be better off without you. But we continue with the pretending, the cooking, the cleaning, the picking up of kids... My wife deserves much better, she is a hundred times better than me and I feel bad for putting her through this. 

So, these things are all true and of course, there is more. It may seem matter-of-fact and it is, as I'm writing this, life is happening around me, kids, dog, wife... and I'm just empty inside, I honestly think if I just had a heart attack it would be ok. 

(not going to do anything)