Emotions all over the place. Keep getting dragged towards the window.Hi all.

I honestly don't know why I'm posting here. Not even sure that I actually can grasp the fact that I actually am writing this. So, the reason is the fact that my relationship of three years is going to shit. A lot of love, emotions, trust, money and effort was bet on it. There is a single post on my throwaway. That is practically the reason. I've made my way through the day by munching on calming pills, magnesium and all kinds of shit that the lady behind the counter said "Will help against anxiety, stress and panic". Only major problem being that I'm in a foreign country, most of the stuff that actually works and gives you a soothing hit isn't sold over the counter here.

So. At this point. I am in my apartment. It's 19th floor. I am scared of heights, yet mesmerized by them now somehow. And I keep getting these rushes of blood, emotions and heartaches inside of me. And with each one I practically run out to the balcony, as all of that inside is just... I don't know. It feels like... It's like I've got a drag engine inside my chest. I can't control it. It just revs up. My chest, my shoulders, arms, hands start to tremor. My legs get shivers and go limp. It's been going on for the past few hours. Comes and goes completely unexpected. Scared a woman outside when I just lunged at the wall and began vomiting like crazy.

I honestly don't know how much more I can take of this. I'd take more meds but there's an issue with the dosage - I'm already a bit over the daily limit on all of them. Not that they help that much anyway.

If anyone, someone, has experienced this kind of shit - please, I beg of you, reach out to me and say something that fixes this somehow. Or makes it easier. Or gets me through it. I honestly don't know what. I just keep having the recurring thought that somewhere between floors 7 and 5 I will probably regret my decision. Yet, I can't help the urge to get rid of this terrible state. My head doesn't shut up. My body doesn't shut down. I feel like I'm trapped in some sort of fucking prison that functions without my control or supervision. I am NOT in control of this situation. At all. Please help.