I think I just crushed my dreamsTo make a long story short I just wrapped up my first semester of engineering at one of the top engineering schools in the world. It was a hell of a semester and it forced me to come to terms with myself. I've been depressed for most of my life but I've kept it bottled in. Even now only my immediate family knows I struggle with depressive thoughts but I don't think they know the extent.

I had to drop out of my program and transfer into a new one because I couldn't handle the stress. At the time I wasn't convinced that this is what I wanted to do but now I realize completely that it isn't. I wanted to be an engineer... I hate the courses I'm taking instead right now while I wait for my transfer. I'm taking mostly maths and physics for people who don't seriously want to pursue a physics or math major (life sci people). The problem with this is that I do want to switch into physics, hell I still want to be an engineer but that dream is dead. 
These courses are too easy for me but at the same time I find myself slacking off or messing up. This just makes me feel even worse about myself. Can I really claim they're too easy if I keep fucking up?

I'm also finding it really difficult to meet people coming from the tight-knit community that is engineering. I am an extremely shy person with low self-esteem and everyone just seems so off putting, judgmental, and unfriendly. I really want to be back where I was but in short my stupidity and my mental state prevent me from doing that. It's been a weird semester. I've definitely thought about killing myself a few times, I just don't see a point in going onward. I don't feel that way right now but I know I probably will by the end of the week.

 I really wish I could tell my friends about all of this, but I'm afraid of the consequences. I live with all of them in residence, they're my only social circle and if they chose to tell anyone else all of the engineering community would know. It sucks that mental-health is so stigmatized, it really makes me feel anxious and reluctant to get help. I wouldn't even know how to approach them about the subject and I don't want to sound like a whiny b**** especially because I can force myself to function well enough most days. I think they honestly believe I'm happy! I don't know what to do. I can't keep going on like this. I don't believe anyone would give a shit about me. I know I'm the lowest priority in our social circle.

And it sucks because I love these people and I don't think they know how much they mean to me. And to think they don't give a shit about me. I asked a friend if she thought we'd still be hanging out next year when our friend group is all in different disciplines and not living together and she said "hopefully on Fridays or something". I know what's going to happen, I'll never see these people again. I can't afford to lose the only friend group I've had in years. This saddens me so much but I don't want to seem clingy.

For months I've been thinking about just putting an end to it. It seems so tempting. No more pain, no more anxiety, no more expectations, no more self-loathing. Just an end. I'm fine with that. I've already got it planned out. Sleeping pills while I have an indoor barbeque. 

And you know what I don't understand? Why do you people give a shit if I live or die? In reality my suicide affects you in no way whatsoever. I ran in front of a car as it was turning the other day (unintentionally) and it almost hit me (wish it did). This woman began to scream. I don't get it. Why does anyone give a shit?