story timeBear with me. Im sure you can write a drama series with this. 
My mother told me (recently) that when I was 5 years old my father was on the binge and called me a "whipster". She told me she never saw me cry so hard as a child. I become quiet and withdrawn.  I don’t remember ever hanging out with my dad. I do remember vividly my mom asking me not to tell kids at school that hes got a drinking problem. My mother tried to shield me from the abuse, she would lock me in my room along with my sister and we would blast loud music, or if it became worse we would run away to my grandparents house on the other side of the town. He wasn’t drinking all the time. He was an on/off alki.When he stopped the binge he would apologize to my mom and beg her to come back and she did because she loved him. I was bullied in school and my father would never step in, it was either my mom or my sister which seemed to make the matter worse for me. I never had any self esteem. When I was 10 I witnessed my mom having her head slammed against the ground by my father, in a delirious state, from an alcohol withdrawal. He denied everything after. It took my grandparents and my 15yo sister to pull him off her. Alcoholism is so common, I always tried to rationalise what was happening but it doesn’t change the fact the ordeal left me broken. Some days I would clutch my chest and chant “I don’t want to die” , must have been a sign of something.  My mother had been given an opportunity to work abroad for a better pay and she took it, promising to bring us over (lying to my father that she will come back) and left us. For one year everything seemed normal, but the next year we had found out that my father was cheating on my mom and had thrown us out. It was the very first time I stood up to him. I was so angry that he did that, that I demolished my room with spray paint before we left. I was staying with my grand parents after that. My father would often meet me and give me a lot of money. He tried to use me as a bargain chip in the divorce. I was 12. Something broke inside me about that time. I started to skip school (whole 2 months) and go to my fathers place to play computer games at his. I was found out and my grandparents were furious with me and with him. He didn’t care I didn’t go to school. I even met his lover at some point. I was really resentful with my grandparents that they argued with me every day and beat me from time to time. I think that was onset of my anxiety and depression. About that time I had my first and unrequited love. The pattern of humility and abandonment would continue despite my genuine feelings. I become a laughing stock of my school because of the school skiving, so leaving the country was a clean slate I needed. It turned out my mother had a serious car accident and needed a face reconstruction surgery. She was stopping tears at the phone when I begged her to take me over to her. The accident, the hopelessness, being away from family, the divorce and everything in between must have taken a toll on her and she was depressed too. She was very irritable and would somehow viciously take it out on me.  (break my xbox games etc) Moving country was everything I ever wanted, a dream come true. Everything was so different. I didn’t know English very well at the time  and because of my upbringing I found it I could not fit in very well. I insisted I did not need help from school, that I wil learn English myself. I eventually did but there were a lot of awkward conversations where either side was misunderstood. When I told my mom I couldn’t focus on my studies she would mock me so I stopped talking to her about my problems. She would often cry that I hate  her etc. On one hand she gave me a horrible childhood and upbringing. On the other hand she sacrificed her health and herself to provide for us. When I was 17 I fell in love with a girl who had a boyfriend, a typical friend zone scenario. She was the only girl in school that thought im not a total weirdo so naturally I started to like her.  I did love her sincerely and tried to do anything I could so she could change her mind about her boyfriend and me. She seemed to enjoy the attention and would sometimes fuel my jelousy by telling me about him. That driven me to suicide. I oculd not handle the rejection and humiliation. One day I told myself that I will tell her that I love her and if she doesn’t say she loves me back I will kill myself. She was late to class so I attempted suicide. I was quickly saved and admitted to a mental hospital. She did visit me and everything but after a whil ei decided to cut all ties with her realising how toxic that relationship was.  I failed my exams and was on the dole. History likes to repeat itself as I soon found out. .I didn’t  find any reason to live so I thought that by living for someone else, someone I fall in love with, I will find some kin dof newfound energy to carry on, to start to take care of myself. I know now it doesn’t work like that, which makes me even sadder, as it feels like a lost cause to carry on with my unhappy life. Fast forward a few years I started working and fell in love with a girl at work, who was emotionally unavailable. Noticing the pattern I decided to spare myself the pain and tried to commit suicide. She saved me from killing myself, but was very distant after that. About that time my mother was going out with a guy and it turned out he had an emotional baggage as well, as hi sfather was a heavy drinker.  He tried to be a father figure to me, but I didn’t need a father figure since I was 17-22 at the time. Especially  since he had such a twisted idea of being a father. He used intimidation tactics and was very manipulative. He would tell me im worthless and have no job and just a parasite, and then tell my mom we “talked things out”. Worst thing is nobody would believe me at the time since I would lie about the smallest thing just so they would leave me alone. But they did eventually. Funny how he moaned about me not having a job but when I eventually got it he found some  other excuse.  I was playing computer games when he pulled the internet plug demanding to know why I didn’t help him repair my mothers phone. I explained to him why but he wouldn’t take that for an answer and kept asking the same question. It was some kind of weird abuse tactic. When my mom came back from work she noticed what went down and slapped him. He shoved her on the ground so I threatened him and then he went for me. I was surprisingly calm. Like I was ready for this moment my whole life. Deep down I promised myself I would not let my family be hurt again this way. I kept him at an arms length without punching him and my mother and sister pulled him off me. Eventually he calmed down when he realised I told my mom to get the neighbours. Police came round and he got done for assault on me. We had to sell the house. Worst thing is I felt more distressed about the girl than having to fight my stepdad. I loved her so much, I tried everything in my power so that she would like me back. I never had any friends, so I would buy my  work colleagues souvenirs and stuff as a token of good will  but that only seemed to make them jealous that I get to go to usa and stuff. I feel worthless, empty, humiliated. I don’t belong anywhere. My genuine love was perceived as lecherous manipulation by the girls peers. Nothing bring happiness anymore in my life. I wish I were dead. I’m going to a therapist right now. But I’m not sur eif it will help. In the media men are often portrayed as fantasising about money, cars gadgets. I wish I had friends and someone I could rely on. A girl to cuddle. It gets worse every day. I no longer shave or shower. Im horrible to my family. I lock myself in my room and sleep after work . I didn’t ask to be born. Ill be patient and see what another day brings. 
