Not sure if this fits in here.Throwaway for obvious reasons.

The past month has been extremely trying for me. Lost my job due to covid,  and slowly watching everything ive worked for get flushed down the toilet. Feel like a failure, and feel like i will never be good enough. Last week i went to my neighbors house ( Who is also a friend ) and talked with him, Asked if he would watch my place for a couple of days, I left my keys with him and my phone at my place. I told them i was leaving for a few days to visit family. he questioned why i was not taking anything, I didnt respond, i just started my truck and left.

Found a peaceful place about 20 ish miles into the desert surrounded by mountains, Sat on the hood of my truck with my gun in my hand, Listening to sad music and drinking ( im not a big drinker ). When i was finally at that point, i put the gun to my head and before i pulled the trigger i heard a dirt bike riding up. Some guy and his kid stopped to see if anything was wrong, i said no and i was alright. it was pretty obvious i was crying. The guy shut the bike off and walked over to me, i got up and hopped in my truck and drove off. After a while i parked again and just fell asleep.

I woke up, very dark outside and decided to drive home. after i found the road, i started my drive back home. I parked my truck in the driveway and walked inside. about 15 to 20 minutes later my neighbor came over and was talking to me. He started asking me question after question, i lied my way through most of it and said i had a hangover and was gonna lay down. 

2 days ago, My neighbor and his wife along with a few other friends came over and wanted to party, I was not into it but they kinda forced themselves on me. 4 or 5 hours later everyone started to leave, Everyone hugged me ( Which was very strange ) as they where leaving. My neighbor after letting his wife leave, Came up, grabbed me and hugged me tight and said he loved me very much before he left.

I sat on my kitchen floor and cried alot, before drinking myself to sleep.

Yesterday my neighbor and wife invited me out to breakfast with them ,and refused to take no for an answer. We ended up spending the entire day out. when we came back home i was actually in an awesome mood. 

Didnt drink the whole day and have not been drinking today.

I dont know if this is a sign or that he knows what i had planned to do.

TL:DR; I tried to commit, decided to go home and now everyone wants to do stuff with me. for no reason.