to the love of my life.It seems whenever I finally think I'm doing good in life, something has to come along and kick me down… Why does this always happen to me? Why can't I just be a normal happy person? It's honestly all my fault, I let this shit happen to me and I'm the very reason I'm back into a dark place…

My ex girlfriend whom I was with for 3 ½ years called me on my birthday.. Not to wish me a happy birthday, (I guess she forgot and it was just a coincidence) but to call me crying about her current relationship issues. Me being the type of guy I am, and still caring a ton for her, I answered the call, and talked to her for 30 minutes, got her to calm down and stop crying, and hopefully make her night better.. all while now I am the one crying, and I'm the one who is upset with no one to call or look to. My calls and texts go ignored, and I'm just left writing pointless messages that will probably never even be read. I shouldn't be okay with sacrificing my own happiness for someone else's, especially if they could care less about me.

It's a very used feeling, and hard to describe what I'm feeling and going through. I've been so alone since we broke up, and I think hearing her voice for the first time in a couple of years really faced me with feelings I've been trying my best to hide. I'd be a liar if I said I didn't miss her, or even love her still.. The time we've been split apart still doesn't change the love and care I have for her. I don't think it will ever go away. I can't even put myself out there or date other women when I look for you in every single person. All I want is you but I know that will never happen again. I just wish you would be there for me as I am for you.

The knot in my throat hasn't gone away. I absolutely hate the feeling… I've been so depressed and drained that I don't even get out of bed until I absolutely need to leave for work. Then afterwards it's straight to bed where I lay there until it's time to go to work again. I have no friends in real life, honestly it feels like they've all been avoiding me recently. Im not happy and obviously haven't been happy, and it's all just been an act. I'm tired of being tired and I'm tired of being lonely. I can't fucking deal with only having myself and my thoughts any longer. 

Nobody fucking cares.. and don't tell me they do because I know DAMN well nobody does. Not even my so called best friend remembered my birthday. I didn't even get asked to do anything with anyone, and sat at home all day. It's like I already don't exist while living, so what difference would it make if I wasn't? It would be the damn same without me here, not a soul would even notice…

I don't know why im letting a woman make me feel all these things, but if you understood how I felt about her it may make sense. Think about the person you love the most, someone you never want to lose, whether that be your soulmate, a relative, child, whomever. Now imagine that person never wanting anything to do with you again, but you still care about them and would still do anything for them.. Why do I do this to myself? Why did I even answer the phone… if I didn't I just would have felt guilty and worried through my teeth about her. I hate the fact Im still in love with the girl I'll never have anything to do with ever again.. I hate the fact she knows I'm at her disposal, and knows she has the ability to suck me up of everything I have to give, only to throw me back away, never to be heard from again…

I'm just so sad I don't even know what I'm writing anymore at this point… I just miss you so much. I wish our relationship didn't go wrong… you truly were the right person at the wrong time… I just wish you would answer my cries for help like I answered yours. .. your voice is all I need right now but it's becoming too late… I hope you have someone else to call when I'm not there to answer anymore.. 

I miss you and I love you and I promise I'll be there for you from above.

Forever and always like I promised.