Is pain inevitable? Does everyone you love just leave you? Does my pain really have a purpose?I'm so heartbroken as I write this, my heart feels like it's shattering into a million pieces. I feel like my life has massively gone downhill and I can't get out of it, I'm crying as I write this. Please, please someone just listen to me.

 I can't even breathe, everyone I have ever loved has left me. My dad left my mum a week ago and he said he'd never talk to me again, even though I'm 18 and he was never much emotionally involved in my life it's just surfacing so many feelings of being unwanted and abandoned. I'm autistic and was severely bullied in school and called all sorts of names, insulted by my weight and physical appearance, social skills, meltdowns, etc. I never had one friend at school and I had several nicknames to make fun of me. I had so many people make fun of me that it made my self-esteem extremely low. I had parents who never understood how sensitive I was or that I'm autistic, I was only diagnosed when I was 14.

I've been wishing death upon myself since I was about 7, and I don't even care anymore, I've just been walking into traffic. I've been overdosing on diazepam for days just to try to get through my anxiety, I took 50mg yesterday and It's hard to not take more. It's just so much pain in my chest, physical pain. I cry so hard I feel like I can't even breathe. It sounds stupid but my cat was the only thing in my life since I was 5 years old that was my friend but he died two months ago and I miss him so much. I just can't believe he's gone. I had my only real relationship and friend that lasted 6 months ago end 3 months ago after I was going to hang myself and then I was diagnosed with BPD. The ending of the relationship hurt so much as I could never believe because I feel like I can't even make friends, let alone be in a relationship, I am discarded by people as if I never really meant anything at all. I would have done anything not to have been born, it hurts so much, I look for things just to try and lessen the pain of being alive. I started binge eating over a year ago and I have gained so much weight from it, I managed to stop but then it started again when life got so hard. 

I have nobody in my life, nobody at all, the only person is my mum but she works 70 hours a week and I barely see her. When I make friends I think I just try to fill the need of never feeling wanted or loved so when I take and take and always want them to speak to me or send me messages and show me the same amount of love it devastates me. It feels like I'm just an empty shell of a person, the only thing that is inside of me is just burning pain. I can't take always being alone and I don't even know if my dad would go to my funeral if I ended my life today. I don't know if more than 10 people would be at my funeral and they would be people who haven't seen me in over a year. I take some comfort in the fact that maybe my pain has a purpose but I don't see how misery does. I have a set date to end my life and I really hope that I can do it because I just can't continue.