Im transHonestly I've had mental health issues since I was very young, it's not something I've had diagnosed but the anxiety I feel when doing menial things like _going outisde_ or being unable to talk on the phone is something I've been feeling for longer than I can remember. 

Now that I'm older I've also learned that my family has a history of mental health issues, my brother has a personality disorder and struggled with self harm, my dad has an anxiety disorder and has substance abuse problems and my auntie had serious substance abuse issues throughout her early adult life because she was trying to kill herself, so really it feels like I've been setup to feel like this. 

In high school when I was 13 I started self harming and at 15 I tried to kill myself. No one knew about the suicide except for a *then* close friend. However the school had noticed my behaviour and my mum was called and I was assigned a councillor. I went twice and quit and no one ever followed up on it. Even my mum just told me I was being stupid. This was also a time where both my best friends ghosted me, and I never spoke to them again specifically because of the self harming. 

Fast forward to 19 and I'm having identity problems, and sexuality issues which puts a strain on my relationship with my ex. We break up and 2 years later I come out to my family and friends as transgender - and my mum is just fine with it. But no matter how many times I beg her to help me, she refuses and won't take me to the doctor's. 

I'm 21 and I essentially run away, I've lost all my friends where I live, my dad is a waster and my mother refuses to help me. So I move to England where some of my internet/work friends live and life is good .. for a while ... It starts again, I have arguments or just mood swings and I start cutting again. It's pretty obvious because my wrists are covered and my flat mates do nothing, no conversations or anything. They just don't care. I've begged my close friend here to take me to the doctor's, I've even offered him money but he also refuses despite the fact I am literally _mutilating myself_ in our flat. Ive even asked what GP(doctor's) to go to because I don't know how it works but they don't even reply to me...

Tldr: 
My old friends all left me, the school didn't care, my dad wasn't even in my life, my mum doesn't want to help, and my new friends couldn't care less. And it seems soo silly but I just can't do it myself and I need someone right now but no one cares. It doesn't matter what I do no one fucking cares enough to help - not even my mum. I don't even know what to do now, it's like maybe if I killed myself it would just be easier. It fucking sucks being trans and it fucking sucks being anxious about everything in life. 