not sure what i'm looking forive been looking for a job for 6 months now and failing ( i live in an area with bad unemployment rate). i live at home with parents and grandparents and dont qualify for any welfare payments so my bank account has been in the red for months. i pretend to go to uni to my family and friends when in reality i scrape together coins to get stoned at a mates place. i did used to study but i stopped caring and quit. i was an asshole to my childhood friends and as a result im not longer part of the one group that i actually felt some feeling of joy with but ive grown away from them. i tried to off myself once after a very bad acid trip a year ago but apparently 20 valiums arent enough to kill me, just put me out for a day. havent tried since, probably won't. i understand as well that im an adult and brought a vast majority of my issues upon myself as well. life doesnt feel like some journey im taking, but rather a hole im digging and the deeper it gets the worse it gets. i guess no one gives a fuck cos i dont really give a fuck, i dont remember ever feeling empathy , maybe when i was a child? i had a connection with my last ex (probably the only girl ive dated i had real feelings for) but i grew bored after a while and ended up bailing on that as well. all my day to day interactions and feelings are completely faked. i just want this robot existence to end. i dont want to pretend. seeing others in pain is one of the only things that trigger any kind of pleasurable feeling to me and it disgusts me to no end. i hate humanity. i hate myself. i hate everybody around me. i hate what we are as a race. ive experienced trauma, joy, fucking, love, hate, pain and suffering more than enough in 21 years , how can anyone fucking take 40 let alone 80? yeah and i know, enjoy yourself in the moment, meet as many interesting people as you can, travel do stuff etc etc. to fill the void but even then, to what end? it's purely selfish. and when ur not doing all that and you're in the day to day grind, you what, have a family, buy a merc so you can show off your middle upper class status to your fellow apathetic community members? it's all just a big joke but only the dregs of society like the people looking for help here get choked up on it. will trump ever say "hmm, life is pointless, think i might top myself now"? no he won't, because he's won, he probably does coke off the titties of women i will never even come close to having a chance with. he put in the time and effort, and won. i havent won, nor ever will. i am a loser and i gave up before it even began