This will get lost like all the other posts I made on my old accountI gathered up the courage. I'd like to thank the trans community for the support, my family for hating me, and my poor mental health. I've been in therapy for years and I can honestly be happy for once knowing that this life isn't going to continue for another day. Can't wait to see what happens after death. Don't ever count on things getting better, because when they don't, you'll feel like I do! 0 friends and 0 support is by far the best part about life. I have been alone since day 1 and I'm going out in the same state -- alone. Thanks to Heartland Behavioral Health for allowing me to lose trust in people who are supposed to help you. Thank you to the state of Missouri for denying my disability claim even though I meet all your criteria. Appreciate it :) Now you don't have to deal with my hearing in 8 days. Now the college doesn't have to worry about denying or approving me for another semester of financial aid! I won't be around to have a panic attack during my finals and forget everything! Now my parents don't have to worry about a vacation for me for graduating high school 5 years ago :) Since they're taking my siblings without me this year for graduating, they don't have to pretend they intended on taking me with my youngest brother when he graduates high school. While I will miss my siblings, I cannot handle anymore. So I have decided to leave. I'm sorry for all the pain this may cause you. I already gave my best friend, my dog, up for adoption. I already have everything in place. I am ready. I wanted to write this is a goodbye to reddit, even though I don't post often. I don't need to use a throwaway because this is serious :) won't matter in the end anyway. The only people I matter to is my siblings, maybe. Actually, I take that back. My parents opinions have probably rubbed off on them enough :))))))) So, goodbye! Hope things change for the good in the next few years. Never wanted this for myself, but I guess that's where we're at.