Feeling overwhelmedSo, this is my first time posting here, and I'm not even sure what I expect to get out of this, but I think it might help most if I just let all my thoughts out and maybe you guys can figure out....something...that I guess might help me.

Basically, tonight I'm having this problem where, when I lay down to go to sleep, my mind just fills with thoughts of different ways I can kill myself as well as images of me going through with it.  I will admit, this action of my mind in itself is nothing new, my mind does this every couple weeks, give or take.  However, something about tonight just seemed so, vivid and strong that it kinda scared me for the first time in months.  I guess that is what cause me to finally post here, the need to keep myself busy till it passes and the chance to talk to someone about it or at least get stuff off my chest.

Anyway, the cause of my suicidal thoughts I know.  I've been depressed since 8th grade and attempted suicide twice in highschool.  Then in my first semester of college, I almost flunk out because I severely underestimated it.  This causes a lot of stress which doesn't play well with my depression.  I manage to bring my grades back up, but over stress myself in the process, effectively burning myself out.  I then fall into a downward spiral of lazyness causing me to do poorly which then adds to my depression which adds more to the lazyness.  So then after my third year of college, I get kicked out of my major for failing too many classes.  Now here I am, at the end of my fall semester "senior" year, with a class I know I've already failed, a class that if I'm lucky I can get a C in, and a class that I need to ace my final project and final to have a slim chance of getting a D.

I'm tired of going home to my parents to show them Fs since they are the ones paying for my education.  I'm not sure if I can bring myself to even show my face to them after this semester.  I just want to curl up into a ball, fall asleep, and never wake up.  I don't want to die, but I just can't stand my life and the person I've become anymore, so thats the only solution I can think of....