Tell me why not and I'm being seriousI'm a 53 year old man and my life has sucked on so many levels. I've been married and divorced 3 times and several LTRs over the years, including the one I'm in now (over a year and we live together). I've got 5 kids, one just turned 13 last week. She wants nothing to do with me, nor does 2 of her half-sisters, who aren't even nearby (I called DFCS after we split because there were (literally hundreds) of roaches in the apartment in which we lived and she would so nothing about, among other things (like the time her autistic son found her loaded, insecure handgun), but those details are just stuff since I'm now a pariah. 100% would call again. So anyway, no contact with the youngest 3.

But what I'm really struggling with is, "Why not?"

I know all of the typical reasons involving everyone else, that they'll be hurt, it will affect them horribly, etc. But what about me? Why not? My girlfriend really doesn't like me tbh. (she said I'm the rudest person she's ever met and I believe she means it, even though I've never been told that I was a rude person in 50 years.

But for me, aside from how it affects others, why the hell not? I have no religious faith, because I just don't. If you take away how it affects others, I just don't see a reason to keep living anymore. My job sucks, my girlfriend doesn't even really like me apparently, and I see my parents once a year for 2 days or so and my only brother I haven't seen in 7 tmyears even though we get along.

My hearing sucks, I'm constantly having to ask people to repeat themselves and that frustrates all involved. And even when I don't, I have really loud tinnitus. Neuropathy, ADHD, constant joint pain (not debilitating but always there), frequent memory loss (my gf had to show me pictures of our 3rd date at a steak place because I didn't remember it all and that's not uncommon).

So, why? My current relationship is probably ending soon anyway. For me, what's the point? I don't want to hear about how it affects others because that just adds more guilt to what's already been a pretty shitty life and kinda makes me want to stop that guilt too because I wouldn't have to feel it. I know it's selfish and suicide is indeed probably the most selfish thing I can do. I get that.

But why oh why should *I* want to keep on living when my whole adult life has been a cycle of misery and promises to be more of the same.

I know I shouldn't, right? In my head. But my heart just wants it all to be just over.

Help?