IdkI’m not new here or to this feeling, it’s just my first time posting in a while. I don’t know what to say really, other than I’m sure my birthday will be the day. We’re in February and my birthday is the First of next month. Yes, maybe to some it may seem abrupt, but I’ve made more dates to do it than I’ve gone on with women. I didn’t exactly have a good childhood, I was beat, tortured, passed off, told and shown things as a kid you probably shouldn’t hear or see. So maybe I see things a little different. Regardless of the past I’ve tried to be the best person I can. I try to be optimistic but idk if being a Pisces, an INFJ or being disabled just brings me back to certain emotions or events of trauma. Since I was 19 Ive had a seizure disorder that often detours me away from doing “regular” things. I’m an attractive guy, but I don’t get the love or even connectivity of talking to people cause I don’t have friends. Even if I did I’m not sure I’d feel comfortable to talk to them about this. I’ve been single for over a year and after my last breakup my mom has been mean and unwilling to help me emotionally or mentally and has berated me for leaving the relationship. I had been dating this woman since I started having my seizures so about 4 or so years. Women problems have always been a thing for me. I guess I don’t pick well. I’m just not gonna deal with the disrespect and ill mannered ness of someone who doesn’t truly appreciate me, especially if I’m willing to give them everything I can. I’m a super loving, caring, intelligent, genuine and respectful guy, and still I don’t care about myself. I’m 25, going to turn 26 and none of this is new to me unfortunately. Whether is be attempts, to extended stays at the “ward”.  I know this isn’t worded very well but I guess I’d just tell someone so before I did it. I don’t see a point in doin this anymore. I don’t feel human or even needed. I don’t make a difference in the big picture so it is what it is. Sorry for rambling and if you read this I appreciate you.