Living at homeToday is Wednesday, I'll explain down below what happened. 
I made a long post yesterday on another page and deleted it today. Maybe it was long that no one really read it. 
Anyways that was about a parent throwing stuff yesterday and yelling over me spraying air freshener in my room. It was one spray it's a small bottle and it's kind of strong, it was sort of expensive and I thought I haven't used it in a while maybe i should. That and one spray of Cologne. She was yelling and making threats as well as acting crazy. 

I even opened my room window. Didn't realize it would be that strong. 

Anyways for today I told my mom I could make burgers and fries as she wanted. So I made them, I had mine and used these tongs that I bought a little while ago that were nice and left them on the counter on a tissue so when she was ready to eat she could put her food without spilling. She yelled and said are you done with it and I said yes but I left them for you so when you take your food and it's hot you can use it to pick up the food. Once I again I heard her throwing stuff. She threw my Tongs and this is not the first time she's damaged or scratched up my stuff. I said that I left it for her to use and she's throwing stuff I bought. She then went and threw my clay for my face mask, my vitamins, kind of wrecked my clothes, threw my phone case and my supplements. She also threatened to break my scale for my food. 
So many times after she does stuff I accept her apology but sometimes she says such hurtful things, asked me if I had autism in front of the neighbours last time when she was trying to be rude and also has been saying negative things, doing negative things since I was young. 

There's parts of my childhood that I can't really remember and I've wondered at times if it's due to trauma which I don't want to admit that I may have. 

I'm 27 and I live at home, school is coming up in September and I need to not have such a toxic environment that I'm living in when it starts. 

I remember when I was in my teens, used to have cuts on my hands and near my wrists and even though they weren't too deep I would cover them up and someone saw once. I haven't cut in years but I still remember being a kid/teen and laying in parks sometimes just so I could get sleep at night or rest for an hour or two with no shouting around me. 

Suicide comes to mind, just the thought sometimes when such hurtful things are said or done. I feel like I shouldn't care at this point. I found myself searching about assisted suicide and places you're allowed to do it within the last month. 

I try to focus on the positive. I just want to be happy and sometimes I wonder if me not living anymore would be a good option. 

I should be grateful for being alive though. 

Sry for the long post. 

Hope y'all have an amazing day.