I'm wondering if you guys could helpHello. I thought that I should try to post here to see if I can get some advice. 

Here's my story. For the past year I've been seeking professional help for some kind of mental problems. I've been seeing a Ph.D Psychologist for a year, a doctor in Psychiatry and saw a psychotherapist for about 8 months. 

I've identified that over the past 4-5 years I've been depressed. My psychologist believes I have dysthymia. I've been on the following medications: Celexa (citalopram), Lamictal (lamotrigine) and Effexor Extended Release (venlafaxine) all with a dose of Risperidone (Risperdal) on the side. I currently still am taking the Effexor and Risperdone and have been for about 7 months. 

I don't really have any concrete problems other than that I feel rotten everyday. I think not having anything to focus on (like a major loss) has made it harder for me to find some way to cope. I often get the feeling that this really bad way I feel is just how I was made and I have to find some way to get used to it.

I took a Conners' Continuous Performance Test (CPT Test) for ADHD and it came out with 75% confidence that I matched the profile of a person with ADHD. This was good news to me and got my hopes up that I would find some solution. I feel like I've been running around in circles for atleast the past year with all these doctors.

Sadly, after checking my blood pressure and pulse they were too high for my Psychiatrist to give me any stimulant medication (she was thinking Aderall XR). This really let me down because I ended up leaving with nothing new, so no hope of something changing.

Ontop of that, I'm going back to school. My psychologist (she works for the University) wants me to see a different psychiatrist who all works for the university. So I'm in the process of getting that started and it'll be a while until I get to see someone.

I'm really at a loss for what I should do. I've been feeling worse and worse and it seems like even the professionals are stumped. My psychologist wants me to see a psychiatrist and my year of taking medications hasn't really lead to anything.

I get thoughts of suicide almost everyday. They are very odd, they kind of just pop in my head. I feel like I have some kind of incurable illness and that it's about time I cut my losses and end it.

I don't really have a good outlet to talk to. Part of it is because I have such a hard time describing what is wrong. Most people are fairly busy too.

I used to come here to read the posts and as bad as it might sound I would feel better knowing that others have problems like me. It doesn't really help anymore though.

I'm wondering if anyone could offer some insight. Sorry if this is a little too long, and thank you to all who have read it. Any questions anybody has I'll try to answer.
