I keep getting these waves of deep depression and I think about killing myselfHey, how are you?

As for me...I haven't been good at all. There's just so much shit piling up in my life. There's so much stress in my life, I can't take it anymore. I guess I could list all the stuff that's bothering me:  


Every time at work (I do pizza delivery) I'm constantly counting the minutes till I can go home because the job is so stressful, I get yelled at a lot and customers can be so rude and I have ridiculous deadlines for everything. Two weeks ago I had a mental breakdown at work and I said I needed to go home because I had a cough. But my manager just screamed at me and said I should've just gotten tested for the coronavirus beforehand. He knew I was autistic and I couldn't handle that kind of sensory input but he said I should've never gotten this job if I can't handle it. I did go to the doctor's the next day and they concluded it was just a cough, but I wasn't tested for COVID19 because I didn't have all the symptoms. My job asked me to stay home for two weeks "just in case".  I saw him for the first time again and...well, things were awkward between us, we didn't talk much. The job has gotten more stressful because of this stupid fucking coronavirus, now we have to do all these special procedures. And my hours are getting cut, I used to have 20-35 hours a week, now I have less than 10. Oh and to top it all off, my parents charge me rent. If I loose this job, my parents might get mad at me.

My brain is constantly bombarded with intrusive thoughts and impulses. They're usually perverted, violent, or even racist sometimes. I'm none of those things and I know it's not "me". But it's starting to feel like me, like I'm about to snap at any moment. And afterwards, I feel guilty for even having those thoughts. Then my brain brings up all the stupid thing I did years ago: I screwed up a lot of ways when I was a young teenager because I was homeschooled and autistic, it wasn't really because of malicious intent, I was just...stupid. I totally lacked any social awareness. But my brain tries to make me out to be some sort of monster and that starts to feel real too...and I start thinking about killing myself because I deserve it, and that no one would love me if they knew how fucked up I was.

And the worst thing is, I'm alone. I don't really talk about any of these things with my friends or family because I'm afraid how they'll respond.  I've had two suicide attempts before, and both times I did it my Dad became very angry and Mom became really overprotective. If I talk to them about my mental health issues they'll start worrying about me or get frustrated.  I hate being worried about since I'm 21 and I want to feel like an adult. I've never had a girlfriend either, even though I've always wanted one. I'm already socially awkward and lack confidence, and who would want to date the guy with mental health issues?

I just feel like I'm about to loose it any second, especially in high-stress scenarios. I sorta just want to disappear, just be completely alone in the woods where I can't meet anyone so I can't fuck up and hurt them either. I've just made so many mistakes and I'm so fucked up in the head, I just don't think I'm really meant for this world.  


That's all I had to say, for now.