My co-workers don't know how much I suffer at workBackstory: Six years ago I was involuntarily hospitalized for 35 days. It was an experience that made me never trust mental health professionals again. I stopped having nightmares about it 2-3 years ago, but the flashbacks have continued beyond that.

I eventually got a job teaching college-level computer science and statistics. At work we have what is known as "admin time" which is when you get paid an hourly wage on top of your normal salary for doing miscellaneous administrative tasks. Usually you have admin time during hours when you don't have any classes to teach. The most common tasks needed to be done are auditing student records, which are in binders on a shelf, and photocopying documents. Both of these require a lot of standing for prolonged periods of time, which hurts my back. But there are other tasks too that require less standing.

When I have admin time I usually have to work with the part-time office administrator who also happens to be an MSW student and mandated reporter who wants to eventually become a privately practicing psychologist. Admin time would usually start out OK, but then my back would start hurting. I'm not sure what the co-worker is mandated to report but I'm not taking any risks. I still remember the last time I was involuntarily hospitalized and it wasn't fun. I also dislike being touched, so I would like to avoid getting sent to massage therapy (or any kind of unpleasant treatment) for my back.

Usually I would let my boss know but there is no way I could without the co-worker overhearing us, and the boss would probably let her know anyway because of the nature of our teamwork. After a couple hours, the pain would become unbearable. That's usually when I sit down to rest for a bit when neither the boss nor the co-worker are looking. I always get enough of the task done to satisfy both of them, and they are always grateful for my help during admin time. But neither of them know what I have to go through to get it done.