I hate my sexualityYeah I know I saw another one of these and had a look but it was a bit different. I am gay. I know I am gay. Everyone knows I am gay. Annnnnnnd I hate it. I have always had an incling but being an academic student who enjoyed school, it never came to me. In my last 3 years I became more drawn to girls but thought it was just because it was the first thing i could latch onto due to home problems. My best friend was a very open gay, 2 years older ironically and I did like her. She  made subtle advances which I saw but didn't act upon due to my dads recent death at the time. We went on a date it didnt work out and after a while we fell out but we still talk. However I don't feel right. I feel disgusting for looking at women, feel pysically sick sometimes when I feel aroused or sexually attracted to them. I just feel abnormal. Totally disgusting and wierd.

To add to this, I am not a homophobe. My best friend was gay. My other friends are a mixture of straight, gay, bi and pan so i have a mixture and I have 0 issues with them or their sexuality. Just mine. You see I am the obvious gay. wear mens shirts and tshirts and zipups mainly (never anything feminine). I have a short  'gay' hairstyle (i did grow it out but i didnt suit it)and refuse to wear skirts or dresses and opt for suits at prom and more fancy things. I didn't have to come out. My family just asked and I just said yeah. I thing some even think I would rather be male (never said that and i do not) due to my 'male' tendencies and such.

I have attempted suicide 3 times within the last 2 years. Not wholly based on this. Mainly based on issues with my mum and loss of dad and my own image. This issue with my sexuality has played a large part on my mental health. No matter what people say 'its fine, its normal blah blah' it doesnt help and I feel worse. I dont like talking abkut girls, i dont like talking about the gay stuff and i normally try to laugh off and have a laugh ablut it but it kills me. I have no idea how to deal with this anymore


Tia