I suspect my college friend is planning on committing suicideI have know this guy since my 2nd ever semester of college, Spring 2017. We shared 2 classes that semester and I honestly had infatuation at first sight with him. We wound up being grouped in a class project together, where we officially met and we had instant chemistry. We would hang out on campus even if we didn't have to work on projects but, due to personal life dilemmas and a busy college schedule, I was never able to hang out with him outside of a college setting. And he never made me feel bad for it. Last time I saw him in person was the Fall 2017, 2 days before I turned 20. 

He has alluded to us being more than friends, talking about us doing wholesome, domestic and even romantic things together. He even asked my out but I couldn't go due to personal dilemmas like I mentioned earlier. Again, he never made me feel bad for taking care of my responsibilities. I was planning on asking him out the beginning of this year but, the pandemic happened, he got let go from his job &amp; he wound up moving to another state.

We occassionally text but he's been posting some concerning things. Him going to graveyards, him with huge knives, him alluding to overdosing or trying to die young. At first, I thought it was a alternative/edgy style thing, my friends, family &amp; I do stuff like photographing in graveyards and shit but once it got to the overdosing and dying young bits that really started concerning me, &amp; him holding knives didn't help. 

What skyrocketed my concern into straight up fear is, I reposted an old Halloween post of when I dressed up like The Wicked Witch of the East, the one who was squished by the house &amp; died in a ditch. My caption was, "Felt Cute, might die in a ditch later." He commented "Which ditch, I'm ready right now."

I have family &amp; friends who are suicidal, and have been for as long as I can remember. I've had to handle and support them in their low moments, but this instance might be the lowest. I already plan on trying to talk to him but I'm scared that if it escalates that I won't know how to handle it, especially since we live in seperate states and he might have a drug problem.

Do you think I'm justified in suspecting that he might be suicidal?

Am I reading too deep into things?

If it turns out to be a suicide situation, how should I handle it? 

.

TL;DR: A college friend I've know for 3 years but haven't seen in a while has been posting some concerning, suicide alluding things and I'm not entirely sure how to handle it.