rock &amp; a hard place... I thinkI got banned from RBN so now I'm your problem.

lot of context because A: bitch be cray, *I* be cray B: I'm suicidal right now &amp; am rambling.

I've been diagnosed with depression, GAD (anxiety) and SPD (schizoid personality disorder). I've also been diagnosed with several other things that are essentially By Our Powers Combined, We Are Autism, but they're not relevant so you don't get to know them.

my mother is at once a saint and a piece of human garbage. she has two children, but with such a large age gap that she basically just raised a single child twice (if you're curious: my older brother agrees with my assessment of this idiot &amp; went through his own flavor of hell). as those familiar with narcissists know, children without siblings change roles (GC/SG) based on the narcissist's emotional needs. in other words, I am a perfect, can-do-no-wrong, absolute model of a child ruining myself with my own influence, and the only person aware of when and how I will strike is my mother. this means that at any second, she could start screaming that I'm dragging myself down the path of evil &amp; she was trying to save me but I was fighting her &amp; I'm so flippant and ungrateful and burdensome.

this kind of irrational volatility is very difficult for an autistic/SPD/whatever psychological disaster with the emotional range of a Vulcan to process. so difficult, in fact, that I couldn't. I coped by paying attention to what was happening in the moment and erasing my memory of literally everything else, so as to avoid spotting contradictions. I also coped by shutting down in the most literal sense with maladaptive daydreaming, which is where you build a house on cloud nine and stay there unless you need to eat or use the toilet or something. it's a very severe issue, and I still struggle with it.

it was extremely obvious. for example, I would do homework the night prior under the direction of my mother (because I wouldn't remember unless reminded), go to school with it in my bag, promise her as she dropped me off that I would hand it in, then walk to class (unintentionally ignoring anyone that walked up to me to say hi because I was daydreaming and couldn't hear or see them), sit in my seat, and not turn the homework in or respond affirmatively if asked if I had it, because I had no recollection of doing it, having it assigned the day prior, anything. it was all gone.

my worried teachers brought their concerns to my mother, who would go ballistic at me because if I had something going on in my life that disabled her from being able to 99% ignore me (which is something she has admitted), she couldn't handle it emotionally. she was a single mother at the height of her career, and she *also* suffered from GAD and depression. making the time to parent me was extremely stressful to her, and she had no friends or family that would help. she'd loooove telling me aaaall about how she would sit on the phone and waaaaail about how sad and suicidal and stressed she was and how it was soooo cute when I would try and push my toys at her or hug her to get her to calm down, because obviously when you're having an emotional breakdown you should do it directly in front of your five year old. this includes suicide attempts.

then she'd do things like insist to my even MORE narcissistic dad that I wasn't just lazy, I had genuine issues, and pay thousands of dollars out of pocket to get me tested for everything under the sun with the hope that maybe someone could help me.

then she'd decide it was too much work, cut things short, and tell me to just fucking deal with it and stop being such a burden to her, she was *tiiiired.* that's her favorite thing to say - I'm tired. I can't be your mom, I'm tired. sometimes she would scream it, veins popping, spit flying. I'm tired, I'm tired, and your problems aren't fair to me.

after her one big effort when I was eight, she stopped trying to help me. she told me they were wrong about me and I was perfectly normal, even. when I turned 18 I went away to college, and it took another 3 years (and 3 suicide attempts) before the distance allowed me to heal enough to mostly drop my unhealthy coping mechanisms. I was able to start seeking help on my own, with her whining in my ear about how I should've done it sooner, she was pushing for me to have it done for yeeeears (by which she means she'd say things like "well go get fucking tested then" whenever I brought up my concerns because she didn't want to hear about them), she would never tell me that they were wrong about me I'm lying to manipulate her, I'm so manipulative, blah blah blah... bitch I don't care about you enough to try and manipulate you lol

she tells me that the issue is I don't open up to anyone (by which she means her), so I get 3 words out and she turns it into a rant about how I'm my own worst enemy and therefore HER worst enemy, and she's so stressed and tired and I'm so ungrateful, and I only think of myself. if I try and say one thing in my defense it offends her cause apparently I'm so selfish I won't even think of her in these trying times where I'm facing something very serious and terrifying.

for example, I took out a credit card to pay rent to her because if I didn't I'd have been homeless. she responded by sitting on the couch, tears rolling, and told me that she knew I was going to be homeless soon and she was so scared for me, and to please reassure her that I would be okay. I stood there stunned and she went off on me cause how dare I not comfort her for doing something at me. then she later told me that she never intended to throw me out and my situation is all my fault cause all I had to do was ask and she'd have set me straight. which is hilarious, because I did straight up ask her if she was really gonna kick me out and she said yes. also, wtf was she crying about then

I'm so tired of this nonsense. my maladaptive daydreaming is coming back with a vengeance and it scares me, I don't want to dream away my entire youth. I've lost two decades already and it *hurts.* I want to live... but I can't live like this.

a friend offered to take me with her before I had any debt and in fact had $800, but I got guilted into staying, and I can't let it go. such a huge mistake... I ended my own future with that move

I want to apply for SSI to write off my credit card debt since I can't pay it off (severe depression + severe anxiety + autism and/or SPD = complete inability to work without very intense therapy with a limited percentage of success that I can't afford anyway), and I'm not wrecking my otherwise stellar credit (715 yo) over sitting here drooling on myself waiting for something good to happen. ie: not doing bankruptcy. it would keep me from moving away from the problem anyhow.

...but I'm scared I'll fuck up the application and need to wait two months to try again, so scared I have anxiety attacks, but I don't know who to get help from. all the lawyers I see seem to want someone looking for DI, and I don't know if I'd get SSI for SPD. GAD, maybe, but that's rare. if only that stupid fuck gave me the diagnosis for autism.

so, my question to y'all is... is this even worth the effort? should I just accept that I fucked up not moving out with my friend? I ask because I can currently buy a train ticket to somewhere nice to spend a good last day in, so I'd rather know now than wait until that's all gone to decide.

I know y'all have that rule 3 so if you want to break it, PM me. I'm too robotic to find it offensive.