I was lost for many years and after a suicide attempt and a stay at the mental health ward..I found another lost person. Our story below and some insight would be great.Here's my story. Been battling depression/anxiety for most of my life. Of course I hid it and bottled it inside. I thought it would make me weak and I didn't think anyone would understand and just call me crazy. So after 30 some years and a bevy of medications that never seemed to work, I tried to kill myself. I ended up in a psychiatric ward where I finally felt safe and "normal" -- whatever that is. I wasn't judged; I wasn't an oddity. I actually gained perspective seeing how much worse some people had it. and thus how noticing irreverently broken our system is for people like me/them. 

I ended up meeting a guy in there who was there for the same things, yet 10 years younger. (I am almost 33.) He saw me at my darkest and sat and listened to me in group opening up about everything I had ever hid from anyone I dated. We made this weird bond, which started inside and moved to the outside world. Just touching him would give me feelings that I had never felt -- and I had been married. 

Long story short...we got out of the ward and have maintained a "relationship" of sorts. It is full of complication based on what we need to deal with individually but we cant seem to stay away from each other because we comfort each other. I am trying to be open and not hide things or run like I used to -- but he hasn't quite gotten there and it is taking a toll. I don't want to lose him but I don't think what I am doing with him is conducive to my healing. It's weird -- he makes me feel so brave and to stop drinking/self-medicating and making sure I stay on my meds. He leads a very simple life free of complication and spent my whole life creating complication. When I am with him...I am at my happiness laying on a twin bed without a sheet plopped down in his house. But the other things where he gets afraid and pulls away is what hurts me. I know the answer, i think; I just don't want to hear it. 

Any suggestions? I couldn't decide if I should post this in /r/depression or here since both applies. 

Just to add...I am no longer suicidal. I am working each day to get better. I just don't know if I'm going about it wrong. Any and all opinions and anecdotes would be appreciated. 