I made it through ChristmasHey,

My name is Edmond, and I made it through another family holiday. Seems normal to most, but not me. My home is usually filled with friends,and family. Catching up, eating dinner, sharing stories, drinking, it was always the place to be. My parents really were good hosts.

Back in 2017, my stepdad who I considered my blood father passed away from a heart defect, and it shook my family down to its core. My mom was alone, and scared. My fiancee decided we should move in to help her with the bills, and to make sure she had a safe, and consistent place to grieve, versus her having to move out of the home. 

I remember Thanksgiving 2017 vividly. I snuck out of the house filled with family, to go see my pops. He usually did the same first, to get his after meal smoke and drink his coke on the porch, then I'd follow and just chat with him. This time he wasn't there. It hurt, a lot more then I could have imagined. Same thing happened on Christmas. It was like I couldn't accept he was gone

That following April, in 2018, my Grandmother passed away. That was more devastating for my mother more then anything, Stacy and I were there for her. That following holiday season, hardly anyone showed up. It was really disappointing to my mother, but we were together and that's really all that mattered. I still sat outside, with my pops' memory.

May 2019 my mother had a major stroke that put her permanently into a nursing facility. She lost her ability to speak, and can't move her right side at all. This hit me harder than a bullet. For months now I have changed. Changed into this broken man that can't see a future. Everyday it just seems to get worse, and have thought of opting out.

This holiday season was non existent, and nobody came. This house is a empty bottle of what it used to be. Echoed memories of seasons past haunt this place. We decided to go over to my fiancee's family's house for Christmas this year, and seemed like a good idea at first. When I got there, I just felt like a burden, and not welcomed. So i left and just came back to this empty house and watched TV. 

The pain of not having family, and the feeling of being alone is terrible. There's times that I just start crying and going into dark places. Tonight, however, I just kept busy. For some reason I wanted to journal a bit, and then decided to go into Reddit, and found this place. Figured it might be a good place to vent.

With the current support system I have, I'll manage I believe. But knowing if it isn't enough, I can come here, and for that, Thank you. And thank you for giving my situation a read. 

I hope everyone else here made it through the holidays as well.

Edmond~