The End Is NearI have had a terrible life, being repeatedly harassed, bullied, and more. I have been wanting to kill myself since I was eight. People have always taken advantage of me, and have abused me if I don't submit. I have spoken up, but nothing happened, no matter how much me and my parents have tried. It's especially grown worse since last year, in fact, I once went up to a teacher and told he I wanted to call a suicide hotline. That's around when things have been really bad. I only have a few friends, and no one is able to stand me. I'm not annoying at all, I'm very reserved and patient. My autism has been a fuel of this. However, I have been a mostly normal child. But bullies each day, since I was in 1st grade have been harassing me, and openly encouraging others I'm an idiot and to treat me like crap. Teachers take out their anger of other students on me because they don't think I'll notice, adults try to abduct me. I have been taken advantage of and molested many times. Whenever I see myself in the mirror, I don't see a person. I see an accident that should be alive. I don't feel human, or acknowledge anything good about myself. I see myself as a worthless slave, who lives to serve and only to serve. I'm so miserable, I cry several times daily, even looking at myself in the mirror is too much to take. I have been cutting myself, and other forms of self harm. Only my few friends and family has kept me alive, but recently, some friends have betrayed me and told me how worthless I am, only after I have been sad like they said they understood. But I feel guilty for having them watch me suffer, and suffer themselves. When I was 10, I once told my parents that I wanted to kill myself because I just couldn't take it anymore. I will never forget how destroyed and horrified they were. I have attempted suicide twice, at ages 11, and 13. I'm 17 now, but I don't feel like I can go on. I just want to know, what a piece of shit like me can do? Why do I need to continue? Why am I useful? I just really don't see any point in living anymore. I will probably do this after my kitten's birthday's, just so I can see them grow up a little more before I go.