About to (not) graduate from college.I just need to write this all down somewhere I think.  I really don't know.

I'm a senior in college in my would be last quarter.  I've been doing poorly in my classes lately and I've slacked off much more than I really should have in a two quarter senior project course series.  At absolute miracle of miracles best I pass all my classes, my senior project team mates are angels and pity pass me in their end of project reviews.  More realistically I have to take two more quarters of classes starting this fall.  

I'm on anti-depressant, I'm married, my wife is graduating this spring too.  And actually will compared to me. I'm addicted to a legal high called kratom that gives me bad depressive withdrawals all on its own, as if I didn't have enough legitimate reasons to be depressed anyway.  I've been tapering down on kratom but I still know I've fucked up royally and the amount I'm taking barely keeps me from crying most times.  Worse yet my wife and I had been planning on moving to Taiwan this fall to begin the next part of ours lives teaching english.  

Now all I can see is the pit I'm in I can barely keep it together most days.  I feel like I've ruined my life, I'm going to lose my wife because I wasn't ready to move forward with my life.  If I don't lose her after I fail my classes it just feels like I'll lose her down the road to the resentment she'll feel for me for holding her back.
(Some kind of warning here )
I think about offing myself to just so I don't hold her back from her dream of living abroad.  I'm so incredibly ashamed that I've not only wasted two quarters of my life, tuition, parental assistance, but I'm also holding my wife back and I was stupid enough to get addicted to something other than nicotine.  

Its just really a long ways down here, in this pit.  I don't want to do it.  I really don't.  I don't.  I just don't see a way out.  And I'm so very alone down here.  It hurts in a profound way I didn't know was even possible. 