Ugh, what?I'm not necessarily suicidal but I'm not really living right now. My partner is gone overseas because the government wouldn't let them stay and now nothing is working for them to come back. I am very lonely in this apartment I am so tired of working oh so very hard at uni (for grad school of course) only to be off by a percentage. I am so tired of my misogynist father and my feminazi mother. Fuck both of you, you're both ridiculous.

Fuck fuck fuck I am just so alone. Any "friend" I've ever had has gotten sucked into self-absorption and no one has ever really stuck around for real, true, deep human connection.

That's all I'm really looking for right now. And yet. It's everything I don't want. People are disgustingly selfish. I am doing all I can in the world to be able to help others but why? It's all a shit show. It's all about me just kissing ass and working my bitching balls off for higher grades higher grades higher grades. No one in these professions has true compassion. I should know, I was hospitalized before.

I've been abused by many people, though not in many ways, and the last time I called 911 to help me out I was thrown into a psych ward and berated by a psychiatrist. I was in survival mode for two days. I kissed ass and ate my dinner so I could just get the fuck out. I need my freedom, even if it means ending it all. Terrible, terrible woman. How much ass did you kiss to get where you are?

Calling 911 got me squat. I was traumatized and on top of that ended up with a disgusting criminal record. It's stopped me from getting further in my career (I'm trying to get somewhere where I can advocate for the impoverished/drug addicted/mentally ill). And everything is just so so confusing because I crave humans, I crave helping them, I crave connection, I crave kindness and yet all I see is suffering and pushing and resistance. What is the fucking point starshine? No one has real compassion, no one's doing anything for goodness, it's all just a race to the end so why don't I just pull out?