not feeling too goodI've been struggling with bipolar disorder for about as long as I can remember. Different pills, different doses, different therapists and psychiatrists, etc. I feel weird and lonely often and when I do interact with people I feel like I'm failing miserably at communicating (I slur, mumble, and stutter often; even more when nervous). But ultimately, I don't like myself and feel like I will always be a freak.

I'm terrible with relationships as well. I get too attached and then paranoid (checking phone texts while they are in the shower, for an example) and then controlling and ultimately self-destruct in front of them because I cannot handle the stress of being in a romantic relationship while being myself. 

I don't really want to live and I feel like everyone will be better off without me (classic depression statement!) 
I hate everything about me (looks, intelligence, skills in my artistic abilities, failures, dumb college degree, living with parents, inability to talk to people or make new friends, sounding like I'm mentally challenged when I talk, crippling paranoia that everyone is making fun of me when I'm not around).
I tried contacting the people who I think hate me the least and maybe go to the museum (It's national museum day!) or just sit in the car with me and listen to music but they are all busy doing stuff they don't want me involved with.

I'm planning to burn every last proof that I exist, including pictures, facebook accounts, notebooks of writings, books, movies, clothes, legal documents, saved scholastic papers, birthday cards, phone, wallet, watch, car-keys.

In my parents' closet I know where they keep their 5-shot snub-nosed revolver. After looking up where to aim the pistol (thank you, internet!), I'm going to pull the trigger. 
I was holding it in my hands today. It smelt metallic and slightly-oily.

Afterwards everyone will move onto better things then worrying about me like colonoscopies or pap-smears or tickling the uvula with dirty fingernails.

tl;dr: 
hate self. wishes I wasn't so weird and lonely. planning on killing self. Enjoys one last self-pitying post. 

EDIT: maybe I should add that I've been hospitalized twice within the past year and if I decide against the gun method I have a chosen parking lot roof that'll be reliable (where they talked me off before my first hospitalization). I don't see myself getting better anytime soon. 