I'm scared and need a place to ventI know I need help, but I'm scared to ask for it. I'm scared my dad will take away my phone and my only way to communicate with the people I truly love. (He thinks my phone is the root of all evil and that it's all social media's fault or my fault) I'm scared he's going to be mad at me when he finds out I'm thinking about killing myself daily and self cutting because of him. And I'm very scared for myself. I don't wanna die, I know that it will get better once I can leave him, but I'm not sure how long I can handle it. Every time I self harm I get this over whelming urge to just start cutting my wrists (I cut on my thighs) until I bleed out on my floor. And I'm scared one day I'm just gonna crack and cut myself and die. I wanna get help before it's too late, but I'm scared what will happen when I ask for it. And I know if I do ask for help I will ask for it from my mother (my parents our divorced) because she somewhat cares about me and my well being. My dad just says that when I'm sad or what to talk about why I'm sad that I'm just throwing a pity party for myself and I need to snap out of it and realize my life isn't that bad and that I shouldn't be sad.  He just thinks he knows so much about mental health when he knows absolutely nothing. He thinks that most depressed people are just doing it for attention. And sometimes I think about killing myself to teach him a lesson and make him realize that he need to open his eyes and see that he hurts so many people and that he needs to learn how to be a better person for everyone and so I can make him feel the pain that I've felt for all my years because I know that reading his child's suicide note and reading that he's the reason I did this will make him feel awful. And I've tried to tell him partially how I feel. I told him he makes me feel like I need to do everything right and that he makes me feel like I can't do anything right; His response was that he's not doing that and he made it all my fault. 

Ik this post is a mess but I needed a place to vent and just needed to right down every thing.