I've never understoodWhen I was younger I never really understood why people killed themselves. I never understood why people were depressed, why don't they just drink pills or snap out of it?

I now I understand why people choose suicide. I understand why the pills don't always work, I understand why you can't just snap out of it.

I'm trapped in that black hole, clinging onto the edge, but I'm losing my grip, fast..

It's sad because I can't say "I want to kill myself because xyz happened to me". I'm just not meant to live long. 22 years has been enough for me and I choose to leave. I've never been able to make my own decisions, but for once and all, I will make this decision and no one will stop me.

As I grew up, I grew more distant from everyone and everything. I quit school at the age of 16 and got my GED at a college. I couldn't handle the social interaction at school. I was never bullied, but I didn't fit in anywhere. It's sad, I'm the first one in my family to get a bachelors degree, yet no one is proud of me. It baffles me. 

Whenever I talk to my family about business ideas, my hobbies or just general thoughts I have, I can see the disinterest in their body language and tone of voice. It's just quite sad. A couple of weeks ago I decided to buy a few hidden recording devices. It took one day after installing the devices to realize how much my family hates me. The things they say about me is disgusting. I confronted them about it and they immediately gaslight me, when that fails they just go back to playing the victim because I invaded their privacy. What I did wasn't right, but why have they never apologized for their wrong doings? 

I always knew they didn't like me, so not a big deal, just shocking to actually hear it.

I don't understand how people smile, laugh or interact with others on a daily basis. It's mentally taxing. Even if I didn't have to everyday, there is still no point to live a long life. The only purpose we have is to buy materialistic items and make others rich. We are just guinea pigs being controlled by governments, the elitist etc. 

It's 1AM. I'm going to close my eyes now. It was an interesting, but exhausting 22 years. 

I know this is a long post, but it's my final thoughts on this earth and I'd like for someone to read them, if you did, I appreciate you and I hope things work out in your favor my friend.