Not depressed, not in pain, just don't see the pointHi SW, I've been thinking about making this post for a while, but I was never satisfied with the wording.  I'm a student of English and Philosophy, so of course I can't consider submitting anything without first elaborating excessively.  Long read ahead for anyone who wants to try.

Background info: I'm 20, in university, grew up in suburbia with good parents, now I live in a relatively small city (in the top 20 largest cities in the US, but there's a pretty large dropoff at some point).  I have a couple hobbies (reading, playing guitar, video games).  I've always been introverted (and I don't mean socially retarded, I just genuinely prefer being by myself 90% of the time).  When I was 9 or 10, I had 14 family members die.  Whenever I revisit that year of my life, I always remember the first death, my aunt, and I remember crying a lot.  By the end of the year, I was just cold and didn't care about who was dying anymore, or really who was living, I just wanted to be left alone, didn't want any emotional strings attached to anyone anymore.  To this day, death doesn't faze me.  Some guy I'd gone to school with since 4th grade died in a car crash my senior year of highschool and I didn't care; if anything, I was embarrassed by everyone else caring so much.  I only mention this in such detail, because it's really the only thing in my life that truly sucked and I believe has been the most influential on my personality.

I had one girlfriend in highschool; it didn't work, because I didn't care about her and it showed.  I tried to care, but I guess you can't force stuff like that.  When I called to ask her why she was acting so weird, she told me she thought we should break up and I laughed.  I was relieved that I didn't have to pretend I cared, frustrated because I had to do so in the first place, and pained because that's when I started to realize how bad I am at personal relationships with everyone.  The only girls I cared about friend zoned me, but I don't hold grudges.  I said before that I'm not socially retarded, but I'm not suave either.  I'm not brutally honest, but I am honest and I find it impossible to be otherwise.  The only people I lie to are my family, because I don't want them to realize how disconnected I am from them.

Anyways, I'm rambling.  Point is, the only things keeping me from donning the nitrogen mask are my grandparents, and to a lesser extent, my parents.  I grew up with my grandparents for a lot of my life, and as such, it'd be like their own son offing himself.  My grandmother has an undiagnosed brain disease that is slowly causing her to lose control of herself.  I don't know if she'll die any time soon, but she's not going to be here mentally for very long.  Maybe 5 years until we don't know her anymore.  My grandfather, however, will be around quite a bit longer (I predict at least 20 years).

Depression isn't the reason I want to kill myself.  I'm not depressed.  Or maybe I am, I have no idea; I don't feel depressed and from what I can tell, I don't act depressed.  I've been to a therapist before and the only reason he accepted me into his therapy is because he recognized I had issues I needed to solve (this was my soph. year of high school), so he told our insurance company that I had "minor depression," which they covered.  At that point, my emotions concerning life were running too rampant for me to even consider killing myself.  Now, they're too dead to think of living as a great option.  Beyond keeping appearances (even that is losing its importance), I'm pretty much completely apathetic.  I rationalize everything other people find meaning in to oblivion and I can't stop doing it.  I can't think of a single thing worth living for, except for this irrational devotion I have to making sure my grandparents aren't completely disappointed before they die.

Everything people want to do seems great for fleshing out a life story; unfortunately, none of those are things I care about.  I don't get satisfaction from anything, because I can't stop fucking rationalizing everything.  Everything I find interesting gets sidetracked by my incessant need to figure out why I find it interesting; by the time I figure that out, I don't care anymore and it gets added to the list of things I took the piss out of.  It's as though part of my brain wants nothing more than to find the truth in everything, as objectively as possible, while the other part wants nothing more than to be happy.  In waking life, I'm tired and bored.  In my dreams, I'm in love, I'm working, I'm doing all the things I know don't really mean anything outside of my own life story.

So what should I do, SW?  I'm out of reasons and I don't know if I can even be fixed.