I'm so tired, and I'm stuck and I'm guilty and everything hurts.I really didn't expect to make it to 18, and I don't want to drag myself further on through time. Idk, I don't mean to be a giant crybaby and complain because I know other people go through so much more and are so strong, and life is so difficult even though I never do anything and I'm useless. I feel so guilty and I just want to cry all the time because everyone around me loves me (or at least a caring sort of pity) and I know they care but they overestimate me, and I feel so guilty. 




My dad is amazing and he deserves a daughter that isn't so dumb and annoying and helpless. He deserves a daughter who isn't just a giant drain, and I feel so bad. I wish I could apologize to him and my mom and everyone else who has put effort into me. I don't deserve it. Every time people have expressed I have a bright future or offer some kind of reference to my future, I want to cry and tell them *I can't, I can't do it anymore, and I don't have the energy to, and I'm sorry, but I won't last that long!*



I'm so tired. I know I should exercise and eat better, and I want to. I know I need to practice my DBT skills and go out and start being independent, and I can't. And I'm torn between ending it because I don't want my dad and stepmom to put any more money or effort into trying to help me, they deserve to spend it on themselves and nice things, not a disgusting slug. 




And I know I'm not actually disgusting or a slug, but I still feel awful. I rationally understand and get all the things I think are black and white, and my emotions steam roll me. I just want to lie down on the ground and cry for a really long time and then just fade out of existence. I'm scared of pain. And I cry and feel bad when I think about hurting my mom and my family if I kill myself, and I love my pets and  they need me to take care of them, and they also deserve a better caretaker. I don't want to leave anyone behind, but I can't bear it. 



I'm stuck in limbo. I feel horrendous everyday, but I'm too much of a stupid wimp to really end it. And I'm scared of dying, but I can't go on. And my psychiatrist diagnosed me, and I looked up what I have and it's chronic. I can't live like this. I can't spend my years on this earth feeling this way.



I don't know. I feel bad for complaining. I know this is what this subreddit is for, but I still feel guilty for dumping this on anyone who reads it. I just feel like the next time I have a bad episode, I'll really do something I can't change, and I just...idk about anything anymore.  