Ruined everything with liesI'm 25 years old. Tomorrow, my parents, friends and what else are under the impression that I'm going back for my final year at the university. Reality is not even close. 

Sorry for some wall of text but. 

I don't feel like I've been doing "the adult thing" very good since I finished high school. Barely had any jobs, not making new friends, tried school and whatnot but that also fell apart time and time again. I am or was still studying for a degree last year, but took some time off to travel. I felt like I probably was gonna mess something up or give up before I got my degree anyway so I wanted to use the money I had on something I actually wanted to do. 

I had played around with the idea of disappearing while abroad, but I guess it wasn't to be. I've been back since the beginning of this year and had the idea of finding a job so I at least in case I didn't go back to school, I had something to fall back on. Things didn't work out however and to support myself I spent a lot of time helping my elder relatives with gardening etc. Now that the new semester is right around the corner I couldn't or didn't know how I could tell anyone what I would do. So I resorted to lying about going back to school when asked about it. 

Tomorrow my parents think that we are having dinner after my first day of university, this term. I'm planing to tell them somehow since I can't go in with this lie. But I don't think I can confront them in person. I always had problems with confronting people with negative things that related to myself so I many times resorted to lies, usually smaller ones. Now however things are as bad as they get and I don't know how they will take it. 

To top it off, I only got enough money to cover September rent and  food for myself. I'm considering spending some of the money on a sleeping bag and a tent and just disappear, but depending on how my parents react I'm not sure if I will do something bad to myself.

I fucking hate myself.