I just want a family.My boyfriend and I are on completely different timelines when it comes to marriage and family. He wants to date and live together for SEVEN YEARS before deciding on getting married. And then he wants to be married for a period of time after that before having kids. 

I don’t have ten years to wait around for him to decide whether he can commit to me or not. I’m in my mid 20s, I have a specific health history that means I might have infertility issues, and I just can’t physically or emotionally afford to wait until the end of my childbearing years to start trying. 

He doesn’t think that female fertility declines with age. It’s so frustrating for someone who is otherwise so smart and so sensitive to be SO FUCKING STUPID about something so important. I keep mentioning it and he just doesn’t believe me, or doesn’t care, or doesn’t react, or whatever. He watched a documentary once about how the biological clock isn’t real, and his mom accidentally got pregnant again and had a healthy kid in her 40s, so there’s nothing to worry about.

Fuck you. 

“Well, you can always just adopt or foster!” I’m adopted. I know that adoption can be beautiful, but it can also be traumatic and painful for all involved. It’s special and if you have the heart for it, you should. It’s not an option for me, personally, based on my personal experience. 

Fuck you. 

Now I just feel like I don’t have any time left in my life at all. I don’t have time to heal from this fucking heartbreak, meet another perfect partner to love dearly and share values and family and life with, develop a relationship and have kids in time to do it healthfully. 

I didn’t know! I didn’t know family was this important to me. I didn’t know what questions to ask when I was dating. I didn’t know that I was supposed to be a fully-formed person with perfectly defined priorities and desires and goals by the time I turned 20. 

And now I just lack hope. No optimism. I’m heartbroken because I really, truly, wholeheartedly love my boyfriend. I don’t want to leave him, I don’t want to pressure him or manipulate him, I don’t want to hurt him, but I also just don’t want to waste my own time or grow to resent him. 

I have read, studied, meditated, prayed, pleased with every self-help guru, relationship writer, therapist – looked for answers, ways to plug up the hole, how to move on. 

There’s nothing. No solutions. 

My greatest wish is just for a husband and family. 

My greatest fear is for something bad to to happen to my husband and family. 

That’s it. 

I have other things in life I enjoy, but without this – this one, central, HUGE AND IRREPLACEABLE THING that I want – I have nothing. 

I have nothing. I just want to throw myself in front of a train on my way home from work tonight. I can’t keep feeling buried under this pain, the fear of lifelong emptiness, the pain of rejection, the pain of living my next few years filled with hope just to lose everything I wanted. 

I can’t quit hoping, but I can’t keep hoping either. So I can’t do anything else, ever again.