Things have been getting bad around here, and they only continue to get worse.It's really strange. I've felt like this for as long as I remember, I go through periods where i'm just numb and I wish I would not wake up in the morning. Looking back I see the version of myself from 3 months ago and I marvel. How easy did that guy have it? What he's going through is just some useless existential horse shit. He's still got some hope left, just a teeny little drop of faith, but that's all I needed back then to keep going.

All my plans are falling through. I can't continue my college education in a meaningful manner. I have to move away from home, I have no job in that town, I have enough money to last a little while but i'm too scared to even try. I don't even know what my minor is going to be, and all they could offer me in the middle of summer was classes for a minor. I figured fuck it, go back home spend another six months there and finish out an associates degree and come back.

It was weird on the drive back home I was somewhat relieved I had slapped a band aid on a problem, but did nothing to treat it.

Now i'm back home, it's been a day and it really dawned on me. Six more months. I'd be 24 and just barely graduating with a BS by the time this plays out.

Six more months at a job I hate, at home, being a burden on my parents. Getting older every day, seeing everybody else be happy and move onto their big life plans. Here I am always stuck. I'm sick of being in school, I wish I could actually start my life. I hate that I have to work all these shitty jobs that don't even pay me enough to live on my own.

I'm 21 years old, i've never even been held by another women, I cannot remember the last time I've been happy. I've spent more time than I care to admit screaming at myself in my car, crying myself to sleep. I haven't had a friend since grade school. In every measurable sense I am an all around despicable and pathetic person. I'm too scared to break out of my little bubble. If I can't get a degree, if I can't get a job that I can be proud of, the kind of job where I can take care of everybody. Then I see no point in living anymore, that's been my entire reason for living since grade school.

I tried to cut the palm of my kind today with a knife i've carried around for a long time, I was really desperate for a second to have a reason to feel horrible. Hilariously enough all it could do was give the equivalent of a paper cut, so it hurts, but there's no blood or real visible mark.

I can't even hurt myself properly. Jesus Christ

I thought about it for a long time. If I kill myself I think i'll try to wander away first. I have to find a place to die. I can't die in my home, any room I do it it will no longer be the living room or the kitchen or the laundry room. 

It'll turn into "that room where he killed himself."

I can't do that to my family, they deserve better than anything I could possibly give them, I think it might be easier if I park my car someplace quiet and overdose on some medication. My bank account is already set up to transfer all the savings in my account to my mom in the event of my death, so at least I will have done a single good thing with my life. I can actually help somebody.

 God I wish I could apologize to somebody for this, I wish I could go back and say sorry to the high school version of myself. I'm so sorry for ruining everything. I thought I could do so much better.

It's so strange, I wish so much that somebody would walk in and actually listen to me, and tell me things are going to be ok. The problem is I don't think they will, I have no reason to be optimistic at all. I've seen my track record. So for all intents and purposes I may as well be dead. My life has just been recovering from one fuck up to another.