Lost.. It's so damn hard.Well I'm sorry you have to waste your time on me when know I'm not worth it, I just need to talk to someone , if anyone is listening. Day by day I put on my mask and show the world a false , happy person. It hurts to do that, it hurts to be alone even though you're the one being stupid and keeping your mouth shut. God I'm so stupid. So this post will be all mixed up , I can't think straight. Anyways, my reason for being suicidal is stupid, selfish and plain fucking wrong. I have a good family- they all love me &amp; I love them. I have so many friends that care about me &amp; who would do anything for me. But I hate myself. I'm a fucked up bitch who won't ever reach her goals because I probably won't live long enough. I don't cut, merely for the reason that someone would see the scars, but I do think of it. I dont sleep well , I stay up , crying , searching &amp; watching countless suicide prevention videos that make me feel guilty for thinking about killing myself. I lay here and wonder why I have to hate myself, who would have thought *I* would wish death upon my self. Then again- who fucking cares? I know I'll die by suicide eventually , I was thinking this summer. But then I think of how it would crush my family. And I hate myself even more. How could I do that to them? They love me.. I don't get it when people call me pretty or smart. I'm not , I'm a disgusting piece of shut that will be 2nd best to everybody. Why go on in a life I don't want to live? To live for others? Ive been doing that- it's ripping me to shreds. It is funny you know, I recently talked my friend out of suicide, yet I'm still planning on doing it. I'm the one my friends, sometimes people I hardly know confide in, and trust. And it's hard to put yourself into someone elses problems, and you end up pushing aside your own until you burst. If u had a gun I would have ended it long ago. I just don't want to try and fail- and have to face my disappointed family &amp; friends. But then I think , maybe I'll keep on living. Just to satisfy my loved ones. Why did I have to have this life? Why couldn't it be given to someone who wants it? I won't tell anyone about thus, or call a hotline, I will only talk to you all. I'm sorry I'm taking away your slumber.   