I'm slipping and I'm afraid.Part of me wants to live. Part of me wants to fight. Part of me sees my potential and wants to strive to reach it.

But I've been slipping further towards my death. I've made attempts in the past. Overdoses, mainly. It was a surprise when I survived each time. I was content as I shut my eyes and waited for things to end. My most recent overdose, I was nearly sure it'd be fatal, as it wasn't a spontaneous attempt and I had done quite a bit of research. I'm still not sure how I survived.

I feel like another attempt is building up. I've been making arrangements for it and sometimes, like as I write this, I'm afraid. I feel like it's going to happen and my plans this time are with a method that would only fail if there's a miracle. 10 seconds of intent and I'm unconscious, with being a vegetable in less than 10 minutes, and being dead in less than 10 more minutes. If I can make it through those 10 seconds, without backing out, I'll die unless someone interrupts me. I'm not rushing into this, so I'm pretty sure I'd be able to guarantee my privacy.

I'm intelligent, generally pretty kind, decently attractive, and good at almost anything I put my mind to, but sometimes I just can't see any hope. It doesn't help that my depression and anxiety issues have manifested into pretty severe agoraphobia either. Sometimes, I wish I could just go get therapy, but I can't even manage the go part, except on rare occasions.

There's only one person I know that I have enough rapport built up with, that I really feel like I can talk to, and they went full non communication weeks ago. They told me it was for my benefit too, acting like it would help me. Having a friend that I trusted was what was helping me though. Having someone to play online games with and talk to, was helping me. Always losing everyone I feel close to, doesn't help.

I feel like a prisoner, stuck in a cell of my own making. I want to escape. I want to find love. I want to have children someday and try to give them all the happiness I couldn't find for myself.

I know I can survive, but I believe I can't. I know I can do great things, but I believe I can't. I know I can do things to improve my situation, but I believe I can't. I'm tired of fighting myself...