I feel so trapped and alone...I recently turned 21. Three years ago I went away to college and it was unarguably the best time of my entire life. But then depression came out of nowhere and smacked me back down. I locked myself in my dorm room for two weeks before seeking out help. I was forced to withdraw from the university and move back in with my father.

Three years have since passed and I feel like I might as well have been in a coma. I've accomplished practically nothing. A few months ago I finally managed to land a job at a local grocery store for minimum wage, setting for myself the goal of getting a vehicle. But I've been working 32 hours a week for four months and I have a measly $800 in the bank. I end up spending so much money on food and alcohol that I don't actually end up saving very much.

It doesn't help that my father is a workaholic who barely ever even looks at me. Whenever we actually talk, the conversation always gets twisted back into trying to get me to join the military, but that is something I am absolutely unfit for, both physically and especially mentally. I can barely keep it together at my job week after week. I find myself contemplating quitting practically every day. What chance would I have in boot camp?

And then, of course, there's the fact that the only "friends" I have anymore are guys I only speak to over the internet and have never met in real life. We play video games pretty much every night together, but it's hard to feel much of a bond of friendship with them. They're definitely not the type of people who would give a shit or want to hear about the problems of others.

I considered applying for a loan to go back to university in the fall, but it turns out I need either a cosigner or a 12+ month positive credit history. My father made it very clear that he did not want to have any part in cosigning for me because he has absolutely no faith in my ability to succeed academically, so my only option is to begin developing credit. For an entire year...

I'm also trying to work out this whole transgender thing, too. After going to a therapist for a while we finally worked out that it was probably the right thing for me to do, and I'm set up to see a hormone treatment specialist next month. But I don't have high hopes that they'll actually put me on HRT. I mean, I haven't gotten to experiment with clothes or makeup or anything because I know with 100% certainty that my father would not stand for that in his house and I am simply not willing to risk getting kicked out.

I just don't know what to do. I've just been so depressed and so lonely for so long, and it feels like all the paths to potential future happiness are either completely barred or ridiculously far away. 