Bf gets angry that I’m suicidal and depressedI struggle with really bad body dysmorphia and depression and I’m very suicidal because of it. 
Iv been with my bf for over two years and the past year has been really tough for me in regards to my mental illnesses. He’s been trying to help by suggesting to see a therapist (which i was for around 6 months but it didn’t help me at all and I have been on and off for years) and suggesting CBT and DBT courses which i appreciate but he gets really angry at me when I’m crying and when I’m upset about my body. He will say things like I’m not going to help you if you don’t help yourself etc or he will snap at me because I’m crying or something. 
Sometimes it’s so hard for me to just snap out of it and just stop crying instantly. 

He’s been suicidal before and has been hospitalised for an attempted years ago before I knew him and has been seeing a therapist and going to courses to help him. He thinks because this worked for him it’s going to work for me, which it might but he’s just not giving me the support I need atm. He has a very tough love approach and I tell him that sometimes I just need a hug and for someone to listen and be sympathetic, his reply is ‘well you never ask for a hug so how would I know that I’m not a mind reader’  which is a lie because I have asked for hugs plenty of times and have told him numerous times how much I need hugs and how they make me feel a bit better when I’m crying and upset. Also why should I have to ask for a fucken hug when I’m upset... shouldn’t that just be a normal reaction when seeing your gf upset?! 

Anyway, Earlier today I had a break down and was crying a lot and I said how I want to kill myself cause I can’t live like this anymore and his reply was ‘good, ruin your parents life and mine and all your friends’ I couldn’t believe he would say something like that. 
Whenever I mentioned how suicidal I am he just says things like ‘that’s ganna ruin your mums life and your family etc’... Of course I know that, that’s one of the reasons I havnt done it yet!!!
He’s the one person I thought I could rely on but every time I bring up my issues or get upset he just gets angry at me and it makes everything worse. I don’t know what to do anymore.
I know I’m hard to deal with but it’s so horrible when your own bf isn’t supportive or sympathetic :(