My life is a goddamn messI am experiencing suicidal ideation, I think as an effect of some new anti-psychotic medication to treat bipolar disorder. I think this is “normal,” and temporary according to my doctor, but it still sucks and it is difficult to talk about. My relationship is majorly on the rocks and it’s the only real support system I have. 

I don’t realize how I feel or that I’m even upset until I can see a collection of incidents where I’ve “acted out.” Last night was one of them. I got drunk because it felt good at the time. I called in sick to work this morning. Last night I messaged everybody I know because I feel so alone and irrelevant. It doesn’t make me feel better, it makes me feel ashamed. Like I’m an attention-seeking energy suck. I don’t feel like I have anything to contribute. I kind of have compassion for myself, like wanting to not feel isolated is definitely understandable, but I hate the ways I act out because of it. I sometimes treat people poorly, cross boundaries. Ask for time and attention without being considerate or willing to reciprocate.

I carry all this baggage around with me all the time of all the ways I’ve mistreated people. Like I can’t feel better or enter into new, healthy relationships without being weighed down. 

The idea of actually following through with suicide is not currently appealing, but I’m still thinking about it a lot. I’m concerned with him much I’ve been thinking about it at this moment in time and overall I think it’s an inevitability. All the progress I make feels like one step forward, two steps back. I’m tired of fighting so hard and playing without a full deck of cards. I’m tired of wasting people’s time. I feel so alone, and I feel like I deserve it! Because I keep doing things like abusing alcohol and because I’m not grateful enough for the things that are going right in my life. 

It feels like I’m just shouting into the void. Nobody’s there. At the end of the day, it’s just  me alone. When it’s all said and done, I’m the only one who can take responsibility for my feelings and actions. Me, the one person I hate the most. I don’t feel equipped for the task.

Thank you for listening.