I overdosed on Wellbutrin as a way to escape, now my mom is punishing me.. (kind of a vent)So this happened about 2 days after school started on August 10th, and I have been having issues. The teachers and students in the school are very nice, but what they teach is kind of patronizing me. It is a religious school, and to me what they are saying is that girls do nothing but seduce men, and so you can't wear certain clothes like tights, skirts/shorts above knee, etc.. and if you do you are basically wanting attention. We aren't even allowed to wear jean pants on Friday's, only jean skirts. And if the skirt is long enough but the slit goes above your knee, you get dress coded and fined $10. There are also other ridiculous rules like if you don't go to church weekly you get kicked out... there are so many I won't type it here because I want to keep things short. Anyway,  I might sound like I am complaining, but I have been to religious schools my entire life, and none of those have been this patronizing. I even told my mom and other family members how crazy these rules are, and they aren't on my side.. If this school didn't cost 6K I would leave, but I can't since I have a scholarship and my mom would have to pay 6K if I get kicked out. Plus, the only other school near my house is a big school in a not so good area, and I don't do well in large crowds b/c of social anxiety and something else. So I have no choice but to stay... All the religious pressure and ridiculous rules caused me to break.. so I decided I wouldn't go to school the next day. I didn't want to tell my mom because she would say no since it is the first week of school. So I took matters into my own hands. I didn't want to go back, I was done. I was so depressed for years, I attempted suicide in the past but i didnt have the guts to do it. I took my prescription bottle of wellbutrin and i took a handful of pills, I went to the bathroom and started taking them. I stopped at about halfway through because I scared to die, so I hid the rest under my pillow. Then I decided to go to bed, but I changed my mind and went to my moms room. When i was at the door of her room I started to hallucinate and see black blobs moving around, and i started hyperventilating and my mom was worried. She saw that my pupils were dialated so i just told her i was tired. She walks me to my room, and right when Im near my bed, I fall and have my first seizure. All i remember is waking up on the ground and paramedics were over me, and then a few moments later i have another seizure in the ambulance. I was in the hospital from Wednesday night to Saturday Morning, and I had to go to a mental hospital for around the next 3 days. I wanted to die every day. But i felt even worse seeing my mom upset. I was only allowed to call her in the mental hospital, so I couldn't see her and I just felt sad. We also had a family session, where a therapist and I were be in the same room, and my mom was on the phone. She said she cleaned out my room, went through EVERYTHING, and I became mortified. I had a box that said please do not open, which she opened, and saw all my medications i didnt take. I also had a folder where i wrote letters about what was going on, stuff i didnt want her to see. She found and read all of those, and also revealed the secrets to the therapist in the room, which made me really embarrassed and quite mad. Then, out of nowhere, she decides to ground me, by taking all of my electronics. I became upset because to me she really had no reason to do that. She never once mentioned that until after she saw my secrets. I am a technology person, so i usually like to do coding, and i had gotten a laptop for school, and bought other electronics for school as well. She took all of those, even my old DSI. She also said she would go through them. I wasnt really upset about that because I had recently reset those devices. I cant even at least text my friends, who are worried about me. Yes, I still havent gotten my electronics back to this day, so i am typing this on my moms computer.  She wont tell me why she took them away.. and she seems not nice like she normally is. I get that what happened has scared her, and it is my fault, but do i really deserve to get grounded after i come out the hospital? i would try to ask her why she is grounding me, but she just doesn't answer. I really want to know. I wont ask anymore because she still seems upset. I have to end this here, and if there are any questions i will reply as quickly as i can. I may have left stuff out.