Umm...Okay.

23, female. I've always been "melancholic" I guess, but I fell in a deep depression in junior high. Probably related to Sept. 11th. It was a huge event to wrap my head around at that age, and when I finally was able to comprehend the gravity of the situation, it was pretty debilitating for me. Also, my mom and I moved in with her boyfriend around this time, which wasn't a particularly happy occasion for me.

I used to cut in junior high and thought about suicide a lot. Had a lot of rage at the injustice of the world. I finally reached out for help, and my mom took me to a psychiatrist. The psychiatrist wanted to start me on meds, and my mom was completely opposed to this. Naturally, the psychiatrist didn't help.

I tried 2 other psychiatrists/psychologists during high school, but my mom constantly refused to medicate me. I know that I'm pretty smart, but I nearly dropped out during my sophomore year of school due to a few things: my dad's worsening financial state (he was evicted and moved away the summer after my sophomore year); a teacher who bullied me in front of the class; my manipulative boyfriend; my mom's boyfriend constantly putting me down; and probably other things.

Despite myself, I had a pretty happy senior year and started college off well enough. Eventually, things worsened for me at the university and I moved back to my home state. My parents were absolutely irate at me for leaving the school and they refused to speak to me. This is probably the time that I started to experience the depths of depression that I currently face.

I started school again, this time in my home state, and it went alright. I felt completely alone and was unmotivated a lot...tried to seek help twice (two different people), but they weren't helpful and I just sort of stopped going. The guy I was dating at the time constantly treated me like I was crazy and needed to have all of my decisions made for me. Had a couple of medical issues (all related to my lady parts, yay) and had to have surgery. Have felt horribly mortal since and am constantly anxious about my health.

I finished my degree last spring and have been doing kind of a hybrid sociology/social work job. I hate it. I mean, I really hate it. There is nothing redeeming about it, except the friends I've made. I want to quit, but if I stay 6 more months, I will get part of my student loans paid.

I tried to seek help again, but the woman I was talking with randomly quit. I've been trying to find someone else, and am finally committed to trying various meds, but every place I try is either in-patient or not accepting new patients or they don't deal with major depression.

I want to try meds, but I don't think they'll help. I don't want to kill myself, but I want more than anything to not be alive. There is absolutely nothing about myself that I like and there is absolutely no amazing wonderful life that I could imagine that would be better than just being dead. Also, apparently I'm a sociopath because I don't care about how my death would affect my friends or family. I think that if they knew what I think about all day, every day, and how much of a burden it is to be alive, maybe they would understand.

I guess I don't really know what I'm asking for. I don't feel alone and I'm not asking you to talk me out of it, because you can't. I don't feel some overwhelming grief at the thought of my death and I don't feel scared by what comes after death. I haven't laid concrete plans yet, but I think about suicide constantly and I have a few ideas I'm working out. I definitely want to die, but I guess I wouldn't be opposed to trying something else first.