He had to many problems so he runs away and kills himself.Yeah, there's been days where I wished I was dead. Years. There's also been days where I've made sure I was dead, gun to my head, driving into trees.

It's been a life of being abused sexually by older men several times. Waking up every morning in panic vomiting for hours, losing 30+ lbs not able to stomach a thing. Eating disorders. I've done terrible things to myself and to others since I was 14 years old. Eradicated by my dad due to his beliefs. Injured other people with my actions because of this depression and attempts. Honestly, this loneliness is really my fault, I deserved most of it. I've lost all of my close friends. In reality there hasn't been a day where I haven't thought about dying, fantasizing about it. Everyday was just salt to my wounds. I guess in a way it was fate for me to be like this.

Two years later, I'm still here. There's days where I want nothing more than to disappear, but those days are becoming few and far between. It's not a complete 180 but it's getting better and that's something. I've made amends with what people have done to me and what I've done to others, and that really got me nowhere. Still don't have many of those same close friends, but that's ok. It helped me not dwell on all that's happened to me in the past, and attempt to remove the all emptiness I feel. I'm spending the next years of my life with someone who's gone through a lot of similar situations but that's their story to tell. I'll also be 3000 miles away attending a nice University. I didn't expect myself to be here 2 years ago and now I don't expect myself to leave anytime soon. There's still those days, but I try my hardest to reflect on the better days. There's nothing to this post but I hope you can all hold onto the little glimmer of hope you have, no matter how much or how little you've gone though.

*"We all feel overwhelmed sometimes, many people think about suicide. The difference is we don't do it because once you do, everything is over"*.