Unemployed, lost, losing hope fastHad a string of bad roommates that drained what little savings I had (stealing, leaving us with their debt, moving out on the 1st without warning, ect) when I got out of college. Moved back to my hometown to save money, only to realize the job market here sucks more than the last place I lived. Deep in debt to fedloan, that's probably never going to change. I will owe money until the day I die. Last time I looked up my credit score, it was accompanied with the suggestion that I file bankruptcy but I have no idea how to even do that and it won't effect any student loan debt to my knowledge. I can't afford therapy, I can't afford to see the dentist, I can barely leave the house. 

I have a fiance, but he is underemployed, as was I until the start of June. I quit my job because my fiance had a job offer that would allow him to move up in the company he works at, and allow us to move to a city where I'd have move opportunities. Well that all fell through on only my second day of unemployment. Shit like this really makes me wonder why I even try to get my hopes up anymore.

Even when we were both working, our debt-to-income ratio was insane... $ is tight and I owe lots of backrent. We're looking into smaller apartments but I don't know when/if we'll ever have the finances to move.

These last few weeks have been extra hard: Electricity in the house has been spotty, we lost running water for three days when the well pump broke and it wont be drinkable again for about three more days, and the cat brought fleas into the house.... and our budget is so tight that it took us weeks to save up for the pesticides to get rid of them. 

I feel worthless and hopeless and like there's no escape... I'm sick of being dirty and depressed and useless. I check job boards and send applications all day and night, I posted ads on Craigslist to try and pick up some extra money on the side but I doubt anyone will bite, I pick up pet projects and work on my photography to keep my mind busy, and I smoke pot in the evenings to try and forget but I still just feel like crap All. The. Time. I still think about killing myself almost every night. There are so few job opportunities around here, for a while I was biking 8miles each way to work at a flower shop so unbearably filled with smoke that we had to go outside to help some customers, starting at $4.50 an hour no less, and they still tried to stiff me all the time... and on the rare occasions that I see telecommute jobs that I am actually qualified for, I almost never hear back... I have no purpose whatsoever, I'm cooped up, and my happiness seems to be an afterthought to my fiance... Who I love deeply, but I strongly suspect is just doing the bare minimum he can to get by in the relationship.

It feels like I don't have a place in this world and when I try so hard and fail to make it work, it makes me worry that I never will.