i’m thinking of killing myself.i attempted last september and i survived. i got on antidepressants and in january i started feeling normal. then the pandemic thing happened and i haven’t seen my therapist since maybe march. i haven’t also been taking my antidepressants often so yeah. i feel this intense depression. it’s impossible to do stuff. i spend half the day sleeping and i just nap and nap. i can’t bring myself to face my friends. my family is sort of dysfunctional so i can’t really tell them. i can’t tell my friends because they all have their own problems and i’ve already worried them enough. it’s been like this for maybe 3 months now i guess. i’ve felt sad before but it’s never been this awful. i feel like this is the real deal. it’s hard to get up. i feel this awful tension in my throat all the time and it makes me want to vomit. i feel so fucking awful all the time i hate it so much. it’s so hard. i don’t even know how i’m feeling most of the time. i don’t know what i want or what i need or what help i want. so it’s so hard to reach out. i don’t know anything about anything. about myself or my emotions. i just wanna die. there’s a bottle of gin that got discontinued because of high methanol levels downstairs. i’ve been thinking about drinking it. but i don’t know if i can finish the whole thing quick enough, and if i only drink a little, the my family would still know because the seal would be broken. it’s so hard. everything’s so hard. i hate this. i hate myself. i’m so awful. all i do is hurt everyone. if i tell anyone this then i’ll end up hurting them. i love helping people but ever since i reached out to my friends, they haven’t let me help them because they know i’m hurting too. and the fact that i can’t help them with their own battles is hurting both me and them. i wanna die. i wanna drink the gin. i don’t know. maybe i want to be normal. but i don’t like the person i am when i’m normal. this depressed me is so comforting in a way because i’ve gotten so used to myself. i hate myself when i’m happy. the only solution is to die. because even if i get better, i’ll still hate myself. god. i hate this.