HeartBreak Lover (41) Heartbreak. Realignment. Feeling all the feels. Numbing. Subconscious. Focused Passion.

  
In the past year and a half my life has been the most unexpected events possible &amp; I am grateful for it all. 

    
It started 2 springs ago where I met someone through social media that made me stop and think like, wait........who are you? Where did you come from? Your energy is so pure. Friendship and helping each other out with our passion projects which lead to organic feelings. When together, the feelings of being on another planet together and when apart, returning to Earth. These feelings from start to finish were quick lived and by the middle of the summer it was all over. Unexpected. For the first time in more than 5 years I had felt feelings for someone so strong that there were no other thought in mind &amp; then, nothing. All of a sudden.

  
I was shattered, broken, lost. How did I go from focusing on my passions everyday to then still focusing on my passions but being broken. From that time until 6 months ago, I was numb. I self induced myself with Alcohol Daily. Marijuana Daily, with both becoming a necessity. Still, I was focused. Focused on my passions and what fuelled me from day to day. Heartbreak, let me tell you wasn't expected. It was something that came out of left field but was meant for my process and journey. It allowed me to go through all of the feelings, as well as none at all in the same moment, due to my numbing, to now being healed with those feelings and being one with myself. 

  
Putting love into myself everyday, spending time with myself and releasing the need to be around people all the time. As well as needing the fulfillment from others, I am healing. Its a practice day to day that I am still learning on how to be more present with myself and for the special ones around me. 

  
Going through heartbreak has no "right" way to heal from. It was doing what was best for me, which will be different from yours. I am here for you. I am here to listen. 

  
I love you.

  
Drey &lt;3