Ageism is a problem in society US department of labor says that minors enrolled in highschool are not capable of working a full 40 hour week. And have certain hours they can work. During the week it must be after school hours til ten (3ish-10pm).

Minors are often turned down from multiple work opportunities because of their age. I personally have been qualified and given great interviews but because of my age I can't work there.

Minors are taxes like every other working citizen but can't vote? So you're saying we are allowed to make our own income, but we can't vote?

We are allowed to prove to the state we are independent, but we must have an income and a place of residence. When it is illegal to rent/lease property to minors. 

If we leave home, it is our parents responsibility to call the police and track us down. Bringing us home.

We have limited driving rights, but have to pay full for our driving school, and tests. While adults pay the same rate and do not have limitations.

Legally speaking, our parents lay claim to all of our possessions, since legally speaking we are not mature enough to have possessions. We have no right/protection over our paycheck. Many accounts have been cited of parents stealing children's paychecks because you must have a parent to open a bank account in most banks.

People cite reasons of why children have less rights because we have less developed brains. Just for one moment I want to remind everyone that slaves were considered 3/5ths of a person and had "an underdeveloped animalistic brain". While children are most definitely not the wisest, I would say if we used this thinking for adults we would have a much different world. 
All I want you to do is to reread this thing, replace "minor" or "child" with slave.

Children especially 16-17 deserve a place in society. Now more than ever. Most are responsible for alot more these days due to covid. Whether that's family obligations or work obligations. It is insane how a year or two separates people from being a second class citizen, to a citizen (with restricted rights).

But I am 16, maybe I don't know what's best for me. But I do know some of the most down to earth, brightest and honest people I have met were under 18. And it is insane to me how the world is fine with this discrimination, but overreacts when someone says a racist jokes.