i have an important message 
What up y'all? It's Ceez in the builds
And when I'm in the game, I like to style with my kills
You know that I am the king of dusty
You trying too hard, but you smellin' mad musty

Killin' me? You must be mistaken
Because it's your life, that I will be takin'
Wah wah wah, now you crying to your mommy
But guess what papi? Now you back in the lobby

Yeet! Ooh! Gameplay real ratchet
Other players in the realm, you know they can not match it
And when we done, we hit 'em with a dance
I boogie with my feet, then I boogie with my hands

Triggered trash kids when they salt is increased
Sorry, gotta go, double g, double peace (ahh yeet!)
Triggered trash kids, when they salt is increased
Sorry, gotta go, double g, double peace (ahh yeet!)

I'm in the hilltops, views real nice
I got the kill shot, you will die
When I aim, one prayer equals one life
Man I told you, they talk about my snipes

You no scope? I quick scope, you will choke
The loud bang make you jump, for real though
You real slow when

Yeah!
Always hype, never lowkey
I'm the king, yeah you know me
Steady shot, I'm an OG
Hear that? 'Cause I'm coming for the trophy

Fortnite! Fortnite let's go
I get it all night, all night fo sho
I'm on that fortnite, fortnite let's go
I get it all night, all night fo sho
Yeah, yeah

I got a green submachine gun, dude sick
Everybody's building ramps, that's useless
If I keep hoppin' around, they can't shoot me
He got lucky when he hit me with that boogie

I don't care, if they're snipin' and scopin'
I'm really low on health, I'll just heal in the open
Slidin' down a mountain only takes a little damage
Oh look! There's a shed with a scar and a bandage

Oh yes, I just killed another pleb
Call me black widow baby, walk into my web
Here fishy fishy, look at all the goodies
Lock you inside, take advantage of the rookies

Open up a window and lay down the spikes
You try to break free, but it's over, say goodnight
I make it look easy, it ain't that hard
Surprise, you just activated my trap card

Always hype, never low key
I'm the king, yeah you know me
Steady shot, I'm an OG
Hear that? 'Cause I'm coming for the trophy

Fortnite, fortnite let's go
I get it all night, all night fo sho
I'm on that fortnite, fortnite let's go
I get it all night, all night fo sho (yeah, yeah)

Fortnite, fortnite let's go
I get it all night, all night fo sho
I'm on that fortnite, fortnite let's go
I get it all night, all night fo sho

Pull out the blueprints, got the world in my pocket
Quad wall, throwin' up a ramp then I cock it
You got an RPG shooting rockets
It's gonna make you down youself, when I block it

Now watch this, fallin' to your death out of my place
Got the highground, now I'm shootin' from a skybase
Keep it going up
Mats triple nine mate, bye mate
Wish that you could see the look on my face

I'm Elite baby, don't you see the outfit?
Double pumps don't matter, man I got this
Shoot a rocket, and pop a mini at the same time
If you put a scar in my hand, then it's game time

Got a sniper

Got a sniper, a shotty, I'm unstoppable
I'm droppin' you, I'm dancin' on top of you
Am I top tier? Go and ask the last dude
Uninstall the game, because honestly you're trash dude