Idk anymore I’m writing this as I cry for the first time in almost a year because I’ve been holding in too much shit, high school has been fucking rough. Tonight I thought about an old friend who moved away and how I did so much for her and I feel like I get literally nothing in return, I haven’t talked to anyone about this. But I feel like I’m constantly getting used for emotional support then get pushed away. I never made a big deal about it but tonight it really hit hard, I’ve had 3 friends that have done this to me. One of them almost killed herself, and I was the only one to go and check on her, the only fucking friend. And what I get is completely nothing, I have a big mental breakdown awhile after and text her so she can help me with it and all she says is just don’t try to think about or don’t cry. I’m tired of helping someone and then they just push me away. It hurts too much. Another friend was one I was really close with and she was super comfortable with me and we’d have a lot of talks, but she started to act weird and talk about this guy and I already knew who it was because she was really easy to read, anyways she tells me about a month later about him and how they’ve been dating for a little bit and I already knew he was just using her for her body but she didn’t fucking listen to me, after awhile I found out he pretty much abused her emotionally and physically. A couple months ago we finally talked and she apologized to me about it and we’ve been pretty much friends but it was nothing like it was before, we don’t even talk like we used to. And I just feel like if people would listen to me, bad shit wouldn’t happen. Another girl who I was friends with has been pushing me away recently, and I helped her so much, with break ups, with parents, etc. and she just blocked me on Snapchat because of her boyfriend. All I fucking want is someone to understand how I feel, and not push me away all the time, it hurts too much. Even though I have friends, i feel lonely and it hurts too much, I just wished they would actually stay and help me with my problems how I helped them. I don’t know, I just wanna get some advice from people like you guys because I know you guys can help.