I got banned from r/Trump (explanation in this post if you want it), so I’m posting this here. Don’t know where else to put this *explanation for my r/Trump ban* [Basically, I got banned from the Trump subreddit for asking if he was a racist (which he is, don’t even try to say he’s not). About 50 people said he was, and 140ish said that he wasn’t. I got banned for posting an “irrelevant question to only be a troll because he’s not racist and blm is” according to the mods of r/Trump.]

For context of this rant, somebody posted a video on r/Trump of two Biden supporters ripping up signs and stealing a kid’s hat. The text in the post talking about the video said that “Trump needs to win to put an end to this insanity” or something like that. Here’s what would have been my comment on that post (if I wasn’t banned and could comment):



I’m sorry, I do think this is wrong [talking about the Biden supporters being mean to the kid]. But on a side note:

1. I also think it’s wrong for someone to have unprotected sex with a pornstar right as his fifth child is being born from his third wife

2. I also think it’s wrong for someone to be able to brag about his *rights* to sexually harass women because he’s a celebrity and rich

3. I also think it’s wrong for a man to have things like #2 be exposed during his campaign and still get elected

4. I also think it’s wrong that a man can hide in his bunker while there are protests outside his window calling for black people to be given human rights

5. I also think it’s wrong for someone to lie about #4 saying that he was “just checking” the bunker. 

6. I also think it’s wrong for someone to be able to say that things were better in “the good old days” when black people would be “carried out on stretchers” if they ever misbehaved in public 

7. I also think it’s wrong for a man to try and sell one of his territories after a natural disaster (that he has the responsibility to help with) because he didn’t want to deal with “dirty people” (Rise up mi familia boricua 🇵🇷)

8. I also think it’s wrong for a man to endorse a policy that he put into place where children are starving to death in “camps” in México after being separated from their parents, and after they’ve made the journey from South America seeking a better life in the emerald city where one can live “the American dream”

9. I also think it’s wrong for a man to say he is “the least racist person in the world” after not publicly denouncing the KKK, saying things like “the good old days,” and calling black people ‘thugs’ for protesting because they get killed in the streets by white people

10. I also think it’s wrong for someone to talk about how mail-in ballots will cause voter fraud while simultaneously sabotaging postal systems to make sure he wins again

11. I also think it’s wrong for someone to wish a pedophile well while he has still not wished her victims well

12. I also think it’s wrong for someone to criticize multiple people of color because he’s jealous of their literacy levels and how much higher level words that they use

13. I also think it’s wrong for someone to give nicknames like “sleepy” to someone that very well might have moderate dementia but still has the guts to run for president

14. I also think it’s wrong for someone to mock a person with disabilities on live television and make the person into a joke

15. I also think that it’s wrong for someone to talk about creating jobs when his country is in the worst shape in a global pandemic

16. I also think it’s wrong for someone to talk about how great the stock market is when his country is in the worst shape in a global pandemic that could easily be tamed

17. I also think it’s wrong for someone to give countless jobs to the Latinx community while complaining that they’re “stealing our jobs”

18. I also think it’s wrong for someone to deliberately and intentionally NOT say that Black Lives Matter

19. I also think it’s wrong for someone to label an entire ethnicity as rapists, drug dealers, and criminals while still assuming that “some are good people”

There’s a lot more I could say. 



Thanks to all of you that read this. It just really gets under my skin when I see people that still support this fool