I have a great friend and I hope you all can find a friend like that if you haven't already I've had this friend for around a year now, we met last summer when we were playing a game and we decided to friend each other on discord so we could do more stuff. We called the next day and the day after that and now we call almost every day with some short breaks in between for when one of us needs time to themselves, is busy, wants to do stuff with other people for a bit, etc. We eventually got to know each other better through just talking and playing games together and we support each other through our problems. Even if it's as small as needing to talk to someone the other is always willing to listen and give some input/advice. One thing I really like about this friendship is that we're both very blunt and we get straight to the point. Neither of us is afraid to call people out for anything. Honestly we both really like that because sometimes you'll be doing something stupid and you need someone to tell you that you're being stupid. Maybe what you're doing is valid and you'll get told that. It's really nice because I feel like I can just do whatever around him and not worry about being annoying or anything because I know that if I am he'll just tell me. I do the same for him, even though we never really annoy each other, we still know that the other will say it if one is being annoying. We have a lot of common interests and sometimes we talk about how unlikely it was for us to meet considering the chances of us being in the same game that one time. I really enjoy being friends with him and I hope to meet up with him in person one day and give him a big hug because honestly we've helped each other through quite a lot. I'm really lucky to be friends with him and I just wanted to say it somewhere. Thank you if you read this to the end and I hope all of you can find a friend who you're that compatible with if you haven't already. If you haven't and you're still looking for someone like that then trust me, someone out there really cares about you. It might not even be now, it could be in the future. If you feel alone just know that it won't be like that forever. If you ever feel desperate for someone to talk to you can always DM me and I'll gladly listen to whatever you have to say. I hope all of you have a great day, sorry if this was a bit long.