I’m really angry with my parents rn so imma vent a bit So I expressed my opinion with my parents about how school doesn’t really teach me anything I need to know for a modern day job. It’s great for a job from the 20th century however I think that these jobs that are more reliant on being creative and innovative conflict with our school system’s way of teaching us to sit down and follow instructions. Given, there are exceptions, as there are with anything, but I feel this is accurate for the vast majority of situations. My parents disagreed. We all got angry with each other after having a very heated “discussion” and I went to my room to chill for a bit before going to sleep. Next thing I know I hear a bang on my door and it is my mother who now says I can’t use my phone or my computer. Ik I’m very spoiled and I’m trying to get better, but I was not in the right mindset to comply. So I was defiant. I had yet another “discussion” with her until my father came back inside with the dog. He joined in and to sum it up, I wasn’t looking forward to my second semester and thought none of it would help me, and they thought that school was about teaching us life lessons and that I should have an open mind. The life lessons they suggested were how to be organized (self-taught/Internet), how to take notes (an actually good teacher in middle school, which contradicts my argument but I’m not a liar), and how to follow instructions (great for a job where that’s the focus of it, but I don’t plan on working in a field that requires that for too long). I do understand that school teaches you things. It teaches you how to memorise and repeat information. It teaches you that sometimes you can’t get out of things because you don’t enjoy doing them. Eventually, we came to the conclusion that we were just arguing and weren’t getting anywhere and that we would try again after I meet with my therapist (i meet with her on Tuesday). I guess what I am most angry about is that I feel like they treat me like a child, but expect me to act like an adult. They are my parents, and they have the right to restrict my freedoms and again I’m a spoiled piece of shit, but I guess I feel like I’m constantly getting yelled at for being wrong about a subjective matter. I would love to hear some of your opinions on this and perhaps advice on how I can be better when having these “discussions.” 

TLDR pissed at parents cuz they got mad at me for disagreeing on school.

Also a “discussion” is a glorified argument to me