Opinion: Parents can be douchebags sometimes. So lemme tell you what happened.

It was normal, was eating lunch before lunch ended. (I'm a virtual learner) and my mom proceeds to tell me to write a card for my dad because I forgot to on his birthday. Yes, I will admit it was a little douchy of me to forget about my dad's birthday, but I was up to my limit on homework and assignments from school. My dad, as usual, was understanding, and he told me it was alright. But my mom? Hell Nah.

She proceeds to tell me that I'm "not thankful" just because I forgot to write a card for my dad, and even though I explained to her why she just won't fuckin listen.

I proceed to say why she always likes to assume like this, and she just doesn't listen, interrupts me in the middle of my sentence, and rants me about not being thankful that my dad is working amidst this pandemic. Of course, I'm thankful dude. If my dad didn't work, we'd probably be homeless.

She then brings up past topics we've already FUCKING DISCUSSED AND RESOLVED. She really loves just using them against me. Then I got some of my lunch stuck in my throat and quietly said "the foods a little dry"

The worst mistake to say in front of an Asian parent.

She then yells at me to not eat if I hate the food so much.

Are you fucking serious?

All I said was "the foods a little dry. It's not a hate crime to say that right? It's not like I hate the food either. When I went to get a glass of water, she took it as a fuckin insult. You kidding me?

I then proceed to make points on why she loves to assume so much, and take literally everything she listens as an insult. She knew it was true, I could see it. Then she just yells at me to shut up while she heads to her room. which is another thing that pisses me off. When we make valid points, our parents just tell us to shut up.

I head back upstairs to check-in for my next period, and that's when she comes upstairs for round 2. "You wanna be independent, fine. I ain't cooking u anything. You take care of yourself."

I just laughed it off and ignored her. A little douchy, I know, but I was proud.