Find out about your future soulmate Find out about your soulmate using your first name and personality.

You will learn the first letter of their name, as well as several other details.

Answer the questions that follow. Use your first name and personality to help you answer them. You will get 1-5 points per question based on what you answered. The number of points for each answer will be displayed next to that answer. Record the number of points that you got for each answer somewhere.

Question 1: Why did your parents choose your current name?

a: Because it sounds nice with your last name. - 2 points

b: You were named after one of your family members. - 5 points

c: Your name carries a beautiful meaning. - 4 points

d: Your name was chosen for religious reasons OR you were named after a movie/book character. - 3 points

e: Your parents just happened to like your name. - 1 point

Question 2: How many letters are in your name?

a: 3 or less. - 1 point

b: 4 or 5. - 2 points

c: 6 or 7. - 3 points

d: 8 or 9. - 4 points

e: 10 or more. - 5 points

Question 3: What is the first letter of your name?

a: A, J, K, N, or X. - 1 point

b: B, F, L, U, or Z. - 5 points

c: C, R, V, W, or Y. - 3 points

d: D, H, O, Q, or S. - 4 points

e: E, G, I, M, P, or T. - 2 points

Question 4: How popular is your name?

a: It is extremely popular. - 1 point

b: It is quite popular. - 2 points

c: It has average popularity. - 3 points

d: It is quite unusual. - 4 points

e: It is extremely rare. - 5 points

Question 5: Do you have a nickname/nicknames?

a: You have several nicknames and are rarely called by your real name. - 5 points

b: You have 1 or 2 nicknames. - 4 points

c: You have a nickname, but you are only called by it sometimes. - 2 points

d: You have a nickname, but you are called by it rarely if ever. - 3 points

e: You do not have a nickname. - 1 point

Question 6: How do you feel about performing? (Dancing, singing, acting, etc.)

a: You really love doing it. - 5 points

b: You somewhat enjoy it. - 4 points

c: You aren’t really sure. - 2 points

d: Only with your friends nearby. - 3 points

e: Nope, no way. - 1 point

Question 7: How good are you at math?

a: You are quite good at math. - 1 point

b: You are ok at math. - 3 points

c: You absolutely hate math. - 5 points

Question 8: How do you feel when you watch an emotional movie?

a: You cry during the sad parts and laugh during the happy parts. - 5 points

b: You feel for the characters and go along with the story. Sometimes, you shed a tear. - 3 points

c: You are usually good at staying stable emotionally, even during the sad parts. - 4 points

d: You appreciate the screenplay/acting. You rarely get emotional. - 2 points

e: You don’t get emotional. - 1 point

Question 9: For you, what is the most important thing in a relationship?

a: Having fun together and feeling like your actual self when you’re around your partner. - 5 points

b: Lifting each other up and trying to actually be friends before you go anywhere else. - 3 points

c: Having a true deep understanding and creating a unit. - 1 point

Question 10: Here’s a sad question: have you ever gotten heartbroken?

a: You have been heartbroken every time you lost someone that had a special place in your heart. - 5 points

b: Yes, this has happened more than a few times. - 4 points

c: This has happened maybe 2 or 3 times. - 3 points

d: This has happened only once. - 2 points

e: You have never been heartbroken: - 1 point

You have reached the end of the quiz. Add up your points from each question to see your total score. Here is your results:

Total score: 10-17 points:

Your soulmate’s name starts with A, K, J, R, or B.

You are practical and reserved. You’re independent to a fault and can do anything you put your mind to. Even though you aren’t really looking for anything serious, you still wouldn’t mind a partner who’s as strong and responsible as you are but who can add a bit of spontaneity to your life at the same time.

Total score: 18-26 points

Your soulmate’s name starts with F, H, T, S, or O.

You’re probably a perfectionist. You like things done in a certain way and order. And your love life is the same: you know what works for you and what doesn’t. All you need is someone who matches the image of the perfect man or woman in your head, someone as determined, calm, and idealistic as you are.

Total score: 27-35 points

Your soulmate’s name starts with E, C, L, X, V, or W.

You’re a kind and social butterfly. Your perfect man or woman should be as laid-back as you are, someone who is witty, funny, and ready to explore the world with you.

Total score: 36-44 points

Your soulmate’s name starts with D, I, M, P, or Q.

Your love life is definitely very important to you. You know how much time and effort relationships consume, and you’re willing to do everything necessary for someone who’s worth it. You’re also open to new people and experiences, which means you’ll find your special someone in no time!

Total score: 45-50 points

Your soulmate’s name starts with G, U, Y, N, or Z.

You’re highly emotional and very romantic. Your emotions are very bright and colorful: you cry easily, laugh easily, and tend to have a positive outlook on life! If anyone knows what love is, it’s you. Therefore, you need someone who will treasure you and your huge, caring, kind heart.