I don’t even know what to do anymore Ok I’ve always felt like I was alone , apart from reality including my family. It’s like no one really understands me. I mean yeah I have friends or at least I did before they stopped leaving me out of everything but I’m basically the weird person in the friend group so ig it is harder to find people who will actually care. I know I’ve made a lot of depression jokes but sometimes they aren’t jokes. When I was younger I used to scratch my arms and cut the skin bc I felt terrible about everything. I know you don’t like talking about about it bc you used to do it but cutting myself with knives and scissors then falling asleep for 24 didn’t seem so bad to me. Getting a gf was probably the best thing that happened to me until she started losing feelings. When we were done she started talking shit about me and how she don’t need a man which really hurt me. I guess you know what I did next. Awhile later starting from last month I got another gf who said she would always be there for me and love me for who I am and never leave me. Around this time I started taking medicine for my back pain and I began to get depressed again. One day she told me her ex was trying to get back together with her and and I told her she should ignore me and she had the nerve to ask me why. I asked her why they broke up in the first place. Guess what now? She said she cheated on him only bc “I just wanted some dick”. Then she told me all of that was in the past. Trust issues began to get even worse than ever. She told me she already cheated on me bc why not. Then she told me she didn’t care about me at all. A little while later she said that she likes making me go through pain bc she has to. Day after day she kept making threats about breaking up while she’s making my depression worse with the medicine I was taking. I honestly think the only reason she stayed was bc of my birthday. She also used to ask me how many girls I was talking to and I told her the truth. She told me I was the only guy I was talking to but if I was then how did she know about her ex boyfriend? My heart would beat so fast everyday which would lead to my head going through so much pain. Then yesterday I saw she put on her story”single finally”. Obviously I asked what was going on and she told me nothing . So I fted her and she said nothing about us was real and that we were just fucking around. She said she didn’t know I had feelings for her. After all the times we spent on ft, all of the i love yous and other stuff it was nothing to her. Btw this was last night so I spent time crying bc after everything she did to me I still miss her. Today she told me she just lost feelings when I started getting depressed when she was depressed the entire time I was with her. I woke up at 2 am to be with her when I had to go to school in a couple of hours when she was traumatized of her bsf running away. Feelings are mutual my ass. I just want someone to be happy with and talk to them everything. Ik I can be clingy sometimes but doesn’t that mean you care? I just want love.