I am tired. So this is just a vent post I don't need any advice or anything at all but if you read this Ily

When I was like just learning how to walk I broke my left leg once and also broke my right leg 3 months later which got fixed and I had to get a fracture. I don't even remember this but this proves that I have weak bones since the beginning.

Now I'm a regular happy and healthy child. It was normal day at school and my PE teacher told all of the kids to race (I was 5 in 1st grade). I was at 2 nd place during the race and another girl who wanted to take my place made me fall by sticking her leg infront of mine. I didn't fall very hard but I hit the ground at such an angle that I broke my femur (longest bone located at thigh). I was sent to the hospital in an ambulance service provided by my school and had to get a rod placed inside my leg and I was on bed rest for 6 months. This forced me to get study material from my friends and I went to give the important exams like mid term and finals with a walker. Then it was the time to get the plate removed and I was on bed rest for 6 months again.

I was in the early stages of recovery and limped while walking. Just three months after the surgery my father was going to buy something from the departmental store and I begged to go with him as I hadn't gone anywhere except my school in the last year. But unfortunately a drunk idiot in a car hit us. After this accident I was on the road crying as I wasn't able to get up. My father somehow managed to get me to hospital. This is where we found out that I had broken the same bone again just a little lower than the last one. I had to go through the same cycle of getting the plate added and removed (1 year). Things started to get better but I was permanently scared of falling from now on and my family was emotionally scarred because of the things we had to go through.

When I was 11, we shifted to another city to get better medical treatment for me because I limped all the time. We went to a chiropractor, he was helping me do some knee ups and I randomly fainted. I woke up 2 minutes later and we visited the doctor and I found out that I had torn my ligament I had to be on bed rest for 3 months. After three months I started to walk a little bit. After that I was at my Aunt's for dinner or something and the floor was wet and I slipped and fell on my knees which again tore my knee ligament. THE SAME FUCKING BULLSHIT AGAIN. 

FINALLY, it had been three years (age 15) and nothing had happened to me. Obviously I gained weight due to so much bed rest and being unable to move. I got diagnosed with PCOD. I immediately started going to the gym and followed a strict diet. And guess what I fell again because some kid in my building had left his toys on the stairs. I BROKE MY FEMUR YET AGAIN. this time my family decided to go with IM nail surgery. This happened last year and I still have the nail in my leg.

I keep thinking about this and I just keeps me up a night. I missed my whole childhood. I missed school. I had to give exams from home. I still scored straight A's and my teachers motivated me. I think that I am a burden for my family. I really want to kill myself sometimes. I always injured my left leg so it is extremely weak I limp all the time so people give me weird looks.And if you're still reading this thank you form the bottom of my heart. THANK YOU❤️🥺