Can my parents refuse to let me work a job (I'm 17 in Pennsylvania if that helps) I finally got my first workers permit and I want to start working as soon as possible, with most of my school days being online this also gives me a chance to work more hours.

My mother personally thinks I'm worthless and can't work a job, she doesn't have much of a basis of thinking this but she's repeatedly stated that the person she birthed/her child is dead. 
I suppose this started when I came out as trans to her about 2 and a half years ago and more so when I stopped going to school when it was cancelled because of quarantine and she didn't like seeing me with so much freetime and at the house so much. 

I tell you all this because trying to look up an answer to my own question I see a lot of people getting "your parents want what's best for you, just focus on school." So I'm trying to cut out some of those responses.

I'd like to move out as soon as I turn 18 in June after the school year, but I need some savings to do that and I'd like to take my paychecks and start saving for my first vehicle. 


Today I came back from talking to a manager at subways in my town (I can't drive so my only option is to walk to any possible jobs), and I tell my mother it went really well, then she tells me (laughing) that unless I have top grades in school I won't be allowed to work.

The only reason my parents keep me around (even though my dad is constantly screaming at me to not be in the same room as him and get out of his house) is so I'm not liability to them is something happens to me, this they've said repeatedly.

So my problem is if I don't get a job soon I'm sure I'll be kicked out of the house at 18 with no financial savings to support myself and get an apartment or a car to drive myself places.

My mom considers too many B's among my usual A's grounding worthy, so with online schooling and tech issues this might be impossible to keep from fluctuating at all.

Can she legally do this?



Sorry for any typos and the length.