most people I know don’t know much about tics so I’m here to educate for not apparent reason :D Hi! I have anxiety tics, so I’m here to do a bit of education on the common misconceptions around tics!

so what are tics? Tics are basically involuntary movements and sounds that your body makes, for example tongue clicking, winking, head shakes (etc). Tics are completely involuntary and can’t always be suppressed.

Tics are not the same as Tourettes. Tics can be caused by Tourettes, but they are a by-product of Tourettes, which is a deeper set neurological disorder (most commonly passed down from parents). Tics can be caused by a number of other things, such as trauma, anxiety, depression and disorders like ADHD, and sometimes they can just come out of nowhere. Tourettes is something you have to live your whole life with, whereas if you have just tics, they can fade or even leave completely with time.

The difference between tics and stims? Stims are much less commonly known than tics, but they are movements that are involuntary, but it can make the person holding the stim feel uncomfortable, anxious and nauseous until they do the movement. This is commonly caused by ADHD and neurological disorders that are similar to it.

Tics can be anything, not just cuss words. This is something I hear a lot from my classmates, but tics aren’t just cuss words, in fact a very small amount of people with tics/Tourettes have tics that are mainly just cussing. For example, some of my tics are slapping my forehead, “RAIN” tongue clicking, tensing my shoulders and bopping my head forward, and occasionally the f word, and that’s just the most common ones, people’s tics and stims have a huge variety.

Tics are inconsistent, you can tic for one whole day and not tic for three days, or you can tic for 20 minutes and not tic for an hour, most people with tics do not tic all the time, and if you think someone if faking their tics because they are not ticking when you see them sometimes, they’re probably not ^^. 

Talking about tics and seeing other people tic can trigger tics to start. In my experience when I’m talking about my tics or being asked questions about them, it can send me into a full tic attack (when your tics come too fast with too many and it makes you basically unable to do anything except tic, it’s extremely tiring and sometimes painful). Just because people tic more when they are thinking about their tics does not mean they’re faking, it’s normal, just like how when you notice a cut it starts to hurt more.

Everyones experience with tics is different. My tics personally do not hurt (unless they are actions like hitting myself) but many peoples tics are physically painful just from the tic itself. Different things trigger different peoples tics, such as large groups of people, sounds they dislike, over stimulation (having a sudden wave of really strong emotion, like getting really excited, or hearing or seeing something that is really overwhelming to your sensory system. This can be something that your sensory system likes, or something it dislikes.) Some people can hold their tics in and feel fine, some people can hold their tics in and feel uncomfortable/nauseous, some people can’t hold their tics in at all! It’s different for everyone, and their is so much variation in tics that to put it all into a box would be insane.

People can develop tics based on things they see. For example, I saw a tiktok that was saying various Japanese phrases, and now I have a tic that says ‘gomen ne’. And, unfortunately, tics can mirror words like slurs. This is not the person who is tickings fault, and obviously it’s not a good thing and I’m not defending people who use slurs, but tics are completely involuntary, and it’s likely if you ask about the tic (if you meet someone who has a tic that is a slur), it makes the tic worse, and it’s also possible for the tic to stop happening after a while.

People with tics are not just doing it for attention, yes there are a small percentage of fucked up people who think faking tics for attention is okay and do it themselves, but if you think about it, WHY THE HELL WOULD I CHOOSE TO YELL ‘wOah that rainfall looks like c*m!’ In the middle of class. WHO IN THEIR RIGHT MIND WOULD CHOOSE TO DO THAT? 

Tics can stop when you’re focusing really hard on something, like eyeliner, or writing.

and another random point, people with tic disorders and Tourettes are actually exempt from masks, because having something touching your face like that can trigger tics in some people. though if you have tics that aren’t triggered by wearing a mask, please do! For the sake of the people. Also if you tell someone you have tics to get out of wearing a mask I will come for your kneecaps.

OKAY! That’s all I can think of right now, if I remember anything else I’ll edit this to add it, please be wary of people with tics and do your best to avoid staring at them or asking about the tics (as it can make it worse). Have a good morning/evening/life and I wish you all the best! 

apologies for any grammar or spelling mistakes, I tried my best. lol.