Girls Are Confusing (long)  

For age look at user flair/ 8th grade/ M/ please ignore spelling im too lazy to spell check this.

This started around the beginning of september and is still happening.

Ok  so my friend who we'll call H told me a new kid who we'll call P wanted  to vc with me on discord. Im like ok sure why not. P told me to turn my  camera on after having it on for half the day (am kinda self conscious  abt my look so only had it on when forced). Fast forward around a week I  learn everyone apperently ships us. (Keep in mind ive been shipped with  around 3 girls for 3 grades in a row so im used to it by now). The day  after I learn it I get in a vc w/ P, H, and a diff friend who we'll call  K. H has to leave so its just me, P, and K in the call. I go to the  bathroom and while i'm gone P asks K if she thinks I like her (her as in  P). (I have a wireless headset) so I figure she has a crush on me huge  ego boost for me. K said he dosnt know so when I get back P told me to  go to her insta and like my fav pic of her. I do it and we continue the  convo as normal and I didnt mention that I heard what she asked K. The  next day we get into another vc with H and he leaves again so its just  me and her. She "acciddently' sends a screenshot of her basically  telling her friend that she likes me. I just awkardly say thanks and its  nice to think that someone likes me since im self concious abt my  looks. She tells me that shes not entirely sure if she wants to date me  bc weve only been talking for a week. I tell her that makes sence so for  the next 2 weeks (ish give or take a couple of days) we get into vc  around like 4 times a week with H and sometimes K. I ask if I can add my  other friends who we'll call D into the vc. They all say yes so I do,  (Ive known D since kinder). Fast forward to late september/beginning of  october, P tells me she thinks she has a crush on H but isnt sure and  she wants to talk to someone abt it. We talk and agree that we are  pretty sure H likes her. I tell her im glad to help bc I have expierence  with not knowing If I like someone. We agree that she shouldnt tell H  just yet but she tells him that she has something to tell him but she  isnt ready to tell him yet.\~2 Weeks later she tells H she thinks she  likes him but isnt sure. H confesses but when she says she dosnt want to  date he just says its ok im over you anyway (like in the span of 5  minutes its obvious hes lying). In-person school just started and H  keeps bugging P abt her feelings. On the night of third day of inperson  school me and P are talking and she asks me out. I say yes bc it will be  my first gf and why not for the expiernce. She ends it 3 days later bc  she said she dosnt like me (even tho confessing to me again the day  before she asked me out). Im like its fine were only 13 wasnt rlly  expecting it to go anywhere anyway. We both agree to forget that ever  happened and called like 3 hours later. 4 or 5 days later she tells D  she has a crush on someone in his class out of nowhere they arnt even  rlly friends at that point. D obviously tells me what she told him. Me  and D realize the only person she could know in his class is him. P  keeps texting D alot and D tells me everything thats happening bc hes  panicking. She told D that she never liked me. (P didnt know that I told  D abt both times she did confess). P told me that she had a nice deep  convo with my friend (she dosnt specify who) abt relationships and they  think so similar abt them that she thinks they should date. I tell D  that  and tell him that imo dating her wouldnt be a smart move bc the  only reason she "likes" him is bc they agree on what relationships  should be. During calls over the last couple of days she keeps saying  her "old friend" is calling her when in reality she is leaving me to  call D. (ik this bc D told me everytime). She left and said she'll call  "right back" I wait half an hour and call her, and she tries to do a  fake voice mail so im like fuck it ill just play skyrim. The next day,  (monday) she randomly tells me to tell her if I see D at all... (i still  dont know why she wants to know bc the only time i see him is during  our elective and me and P have diff electives so it wouldnt even  matter). I dont tell her bc thats super weird imo. (ok context for this  part, bc of corna we cant leave for recess so instead there are 2  classes that go back irl, my class has 20 people and the other ((D is in  the other im with P)) has \~12 people. So instaead of having recess, 1  class goes to a nearby park and the other class goes when we leave. So  we go and leave the park, so we get back and im studying and P comes and  tells me to call D. Im playing dumb and am like why? hes not going to  answer (he wouldnt his phone is off in the other classroom bc we cant  bring our phones ((yes our school is very dumb))). She dosnt tell me and  just leaves. So yea nothing weird happened today she hasnt called me or  D today. Me and D are thinking abt confronting her abt all of this bc P  is just being a bitch to me and idk you just dont do that,,, but then  again ive been having 2nd thoughts bc we dont rlly have that much to  confront her on but idk. Also im not sure if shes just using me to get  closer to D. so uh waht do u guys think