My friends Alright, I just kinda... wanna ramble about this for a second. You don’t have to read this, I just need to talk about my school friends and such.

So, the reason why I’m rambling about them will be explained later, lemme just... talk about them for a bit.

I... really like my friends. There great, there funny, there crackheads like me and we do all kinda stupid shit together. Like that time we accidentally made half a wasp nest swarm into one of the trash bins, that was pretty fun. Me and one friend play fight a lot, which is fun but can hurt a bit since the sack of fat is heavy- not meant to sound offensive. 
And then we have my female friend, which I can argue with for infinity. Its always stupid arguments, but I... kinda enjoy it. She’s also really funny, kind and helpful... I’m glad we got to meet, just like with the rest of my friends.
Then we have the shorty, the tournament organizer. You really can’t stop him from doing something he wants, heh. Wish I had such determination... though, he often takes on to much at once and it stresses him out, for reasons he’d probably appreciate if I kept secret.
Further, we have the ADHD crackhouse. He’s pretty funny, and an amazing artist. He has some problems here and there with school but... he’ll get through them. Though, sometimes, he just has to shut up since he talks basically every damn minute. Heh... not like I truly mind it.
And then we have the fortnite kid that somehow got in, and as much as he says he hates us- he can’t deny he likes us around. Though he does get annoyed at us, and sometimes fights with one of us- I do kinda like him around. Stay strong in quarantine, buddy...
Lastly, we have my good ol’ glasses buddy. He’s such a dork, and he can’t shut up about any kind of game he’s into right now. He’s funny, he’s social and he laughs about everything. I remember when he first told me about his issues... he was so awkward, so shy and had no self-confidence. It makes me oh so happy to see how far he has gotten... and I hope we stay friends for a while longer

That’s everyone I’ll rant about right now...

Now, why did I do this?
Cuz I know at least two of them are probably gonna read this. I want them to know how much I appreciate them, but I’m to shy to say it irl... I want to tell them all about how insecure I am- about all my suicidal thoughts, about all my problems and all my true fears. But... being the stupid I am, I can’t get myself to say it irl. It just... scares me. Once they know who I really am, will they still accept me? Will they stick by me? Or will they abandon me...

I really care for them all, and I don’t want to lose them.


That’s all... thanks for reading, if you did