I know no one really cares, but My Youtube account( that I spent MONTHS working on) got suspended WRONGLY , and I need your help to get it back. Please  

To the few people who will read this post, I need your help if you are willing. I woke up yesterday morning to find my youtube channel has been suspended. Now, what I did was entertainment videos. I basically made review videos, prediction videos, analysis videos, etc. Now I started this up a few months ago, and I hit 1k subs recently. Right now, my content has been directly about The Boys.

According to them, I got banned for spam, scams or commercially deceptive content. Now I must say, I never did scam anyone, nor did I spam or was I deceptive. The only thing close was some clicklbaity thumbnails or titles, but they never were a lie. My title was my title and that was what the video was about.

Here are some actually deceptive titles and people who just lie in their video [here](https://youtu.be/h7OBLTso03s)

. That is someone who is actually deceptive. At least I am honest and I don't lie for views. But yet I am terminated, and this person is not.

I did contact Team Youtube on twitter, and they said they sent it somewhere, but I doubt I will hear back. I made a post on the youtube forums, but then I went through other people's posts and realized that was a waste of time as they can't do anything.

Now I feel like I should say why I started a youtube channel. I deal with a lot of medical conditions IRL, and youtube to me is an exit from all that.  I have some mental health issues, and a lot of Stomach issues as well and I am on a bunch of meds for. Regardless, I love making people happy and excited, and seeing people enjoy my videos and streams really just makes me overall happy. And Thursday night the season finale of The Boys comes out which sucks at the moment

Now, here is what I am asking of you. Help me spread the awareness. If you are feeling extra kind, I started up a hashtag on twitter, [#RescueWorldOfNorthernLights](https://twitter.com/hashtag/RescueWorldOfNorthernLights?src=hashtag_click)

Just maybe this will truly get brought to Youtube's attention and I will get my channel back. My Channel Name is "World of Northern Lights" by the way. Now if you have read this far, I must thank you deeply.

Hopefully my next post shall have some good news. And thank you for the support.  


PS: I did make a similar post earlier, but I wanted to make some structural and grammatical changes.