Christian schools suck There are about 3 things a Christian school can be. 1: A small, dirty, cheap church school that forces the ideas of the church on you. 2: A ‘Christian’ school that is really just there for sports purposes. 3: a decent place to learn

I have spent my entire life in these Christian schools, and I have seen enough. I spent so much of my life in a small, confined, isolated church school, that I didn’t know anybody outside of my school. So when I switched schools for high school, (which is Christian by the way, and is the fourth option) so I didn’t have friends for my first year out of the hellhole of my old school. Sure, I knew people, but now I am getting closer to people, and I’m happy about that. 

Now let’s talk about those small, cheap church schools. They forced so many ideas on me, and did not properly educate me on anything. I know this may sound homophobic, but there was a time that I was legitimately afraid of gay people in my life. I know better now, but they didn’t teach me how to be supportive and how nice these people actually are. They also pressured me into going to a private school, brainwashing me into thinking that was my only option when it wasn’t.

Now there are the sports schools that claim to be Christian. I myself have not gone to one, so I do not currently have an issue with these schools. They seem like great places honestly.

Now there are normal Christian schools as well. But they also may be pushy on ideas, but they also teach you how to be social and practice Christianity outside of the school walls. This is the school I am going to currently. It seems great at least for now.

Okay, so here’s a second paragraph on the small church schools, since I have so many problems with them. Mine was not that hard academically, so I didn’t study or learn the value of work. That lead to me struggling a lot in my classes, and almost failing during online learning. And like I said, these places are extremely pushy on ideas. Just like I said earlier, I was afraid of the lgbt community, thinking they were all evil people, like my school taught me. Thank God I have learned otherwise.

Sorry for this, but I just needed to get this off of me. My family thinks they made the right decision sending me to that God awful small church school, so they won’t listen to me. My friends won’t understand either. Maybe some random internet strangers will understand what I went through. 

Again, sorry for it being so long