I asked the girl I like out. Didn't go as planned. So last week I finished my school year. We ended classes on Friday 18th and I had been planning asking this girl out for some time already. Because of Covid-19 we couldn't really do much but a friend of mine told me I should ask her out to eat a burger for lunch after the last class. I texted her with a fun little effect that instagram dms have that wraps your message in a present to make it more casual (i think. that was my friend's idea) That was a week before. 

She takes a long time to answer my messages usually (almost everybody leaves me waiting like 7 hours then i answer in 4 seconds) so I had to wait. As days went by I kept asking her "so where should we go?" Or "what time is best for you?" But she didn't answer until one day when she told me that she "wouldn't be able to go because a friend of her sister had a barbecue scheduled and maybe she'd have to go". So I assumed that she just wasn't interested and I thought she'd rather go to her sister's event. 

But a day later, my class organized a little get-together to celebrate our last day of school. Since I thought that the girl would be busy I went to the little party. She showed up. Not only had she shown up, she had spent the night at the girl's house which the party was going to happen. 

I know I can't force her to go out with me and I am not entitled to her time nor anything like that. But I would lie if I said that didn't hurt a little. I'm not saying she lied to get out of my invitation but it did bug me for the weekend. 

At the party everybody got pretty drunk including her so, since I was one of the only people sober, I had to look over most of my classmates to make sure they didn't somehow die. They say that drunk people don't lie. I exchanged a couple of conversations with her here and there and my overall conclusion is that she isn't really interested in me.  The rest of the night was really fun and I had a good time with my friends. 

On Saturday however, I receive a message from her thanking me for taking care of her during the event. I told her "sure. no problem." But she never answered. Didn't even leave me on read. 

So here I am. Confused and telling people on the internet that my crush doesn't care about me at 3:06 in the morning. Anyways this post dragged for too long already. Just wanted to talk about it a little. 

(Note that we followed the covid-19 guidelines when we attended the party. We were in an open area keeping our masks and using hand sanitizer.)