Guys and gals it’s my time to go... The day always seemed so far away but alas here it is. In just one hour I will officially turn 20 years old and become an old man. I wanted to do as I’ve seen others do throughout my past years of being on this sub and impart some words of wisdom before I say goodbye.

You don’t have to have your whole life figured out yet. Growing up there’s a lot of pressure to figure yourself out, choose a college, or pick a career. I want to let you know that it’s ok to be unsure of what you want to do with your life. It’s ok to be unsure of your identity, personality, sexuality, future, etc. Everyone figures life out at their own pace and you’re on your schedule no one else’s.

Along those lines one of the most important things I learned through my teen years was how to disregard other people’s opinions. If you learn to have confidence in yourself you shouldn’t care about the negative opinions of others. Be true to yourself and stay true to your morals. As long as you know that you are making the improvements you want to see in yourself and you are doing right by your values and morals then the insults and negative opinions of others won’t matter to you.

Learn to enjoy your own company. Learn to enjoy spending time with yourself. If you embrace the mentality that you can have fun even if no one is around then you will never feel compelled to devote your time to toxic people.

As unbelievable as it may seem at times, know that there is always someone out there who cares about you. There is always someone out there willing to listen and if you don’t already have that person my DMs are always open.

Since Valentine’s Day just passed I want to let all of you know to make sure you appreciate and respect all the people that matter to you in your life because you don’t know when you might lose them. Those of you who did not spend it with an SO, take the time to shed some positivity onto yourself and the other people that matter to you (friends, family, George Constanza, etc.). 

Give the energy that you want to receive, but don’t do things just because others want you to. Exude positivity but don’t be a people pleaser. Be generous with your praise and bring those around you up not down. Success waits around the corner for all of us. Life is a series of ups and downs. The key to success is to have values and to stick by them. Be someone others can lean on and don’t be afraid to lean on others. You’re not a burden you’re a human and you should be loved as such. 

Don’t judge others harshly. Even for their negativity. Most negative people act that way because of their own insecurity, mental health, or misfortune. They have their own struggles that likely outweigh any punishment you could wish their way. Be confident in your own path. 

Everybody love everybody. One love. 

Cheers all. Enjoy the ride while it lasts, I’ll be waiting for you on the other side :)