So I accidentally sang about drugs to a nursing home and toddlers. So I’m 15 years old and I was at piano recital the other day through zoom, on the eighth of December. I’ve enjoyed Juice Wrld’s music for a while now, and decided to remember him (1 year since his passing) and spread his music by playing “Wishing Well” on piano at the recital. So I join the zoom call and everything’s going fine until I see a girl I’ve had a crush on since middle school with her little brother playing who was playing in the recital. I’m starved from interacting with the female gender since the beginning of quarantine, besides my beautiful mother :) So the hormones took control of my brain and I decided I wanted to impress her, so I clapped loud and cheered at her little brothers musical piece to be nice ig...? Then it was my turn to play, and I got through the intro and in a split second decision I decided to sing along (I got a decent voice but this was not my plan) all of the sudden. So I start singing and I power through the whole song surprisingly with a decent voice (looking back I actually did very well) but also looking back I realize I just sang a Juice Wrld song in front of an Elderly nursing home that was attending for fun, and a few toddlers (the “lower level”musicians.) Everyone was kindve astonished for a moment and then pretended nothing happened and I didn’t think about it at all until my parents asked me after, why I was singing “Perky got me itching like an anthill, drugs killing me softly, Lauryn Hill” and on and on, for another example some line goes on the lines of “if it wasn’t for the pills I wouldn’t be here, but if I keep taken em I won’t be here.” So yeah looking back I kinda fucked up.

TL;DR 
Tried to impress my crush by singing along to a juice wrld song on piano (not planned) and sang about drugs and addiction and depression in front of an elderly nursing home and 7-8 year olds.

P.S
I did not get the girl. But who knows it’s only been two days, maybe she will have a epiphany like I did