I got three days of ISS for asking a substitute to wear her mask Legit. This happened last week. We were in class and she pulls it down at the beginning and goes "I'm gonna talk to y'all like this so you can hear me" and I speak up and say "maybe you can just try speaking louder?" She didn't hear me at first and went "huh?" So I repeated myself, and she said "uh no I don't think so" to doing that. I was honestly super shocked so I just kind of froze and went "alright then" and she immediately goes "maybe you should just mind your own business" and the shock was kind of wearing off, so I decided I'd respond to her with her own words, except instead of being super fucking rude like she did I'd say it politely, so I say "*ahh,* I don't think so." 

She tells me she's gonna write me up and send me to the office and I tell her right back I'd actually really appreciate it if she sent me to the office so that I could talk to them about her. She just ignored me and wrote me up. Later that day my mom got a call from the principal that I have three days of ISS (was supposed to be OSS but it's ISS "because it'll be fairer with the 9 weeks exams") so I told her what happened and because she knows me she sided with me. 

The next day I go talk to the principal and he wants to hear my side so I tell him that, but he tells me he's still giving me ISS because I disrespected the teacher. I told him I really didn't see how asking her, *politely and indirectly*, to wear her mask, so as to not put all of our health and familys' health at risk, was being disrespectful, and he said I should have just come to the office at the end of the day or even right then and there. Which, honestly, is rediculous, because anyone in their right mind would just be like "oh yeah good idea" or "yeah thanks didn't notice my mask slipped down" or something like that. I equated it to her whacking me with a baseball bat, and me politely asking her to maybe turn the bat a different direction, and that's somehow disrespect.

Anyways, later I was actually in ISS and saw what the sub wrote on the slip. She fucking lied on it and said that I was being rude to her and telling her she was talking too loudly or something (trust me, our conversation was very clear and she 100% knew that was not what I said or meant) ALSO, according to the principal, this fucking hag has PREVIOUSLY GOTTEN IN TROUBLE for not wearing her god damn mask. For students it's like an instant expulsion but her? Apparently nothing, and then she gets to badmouth me and lie about me and get me in ISS over it. She's still a fucking sub here after two incidents like this, btw.

I tried appealing to the principal later in the day with a brief explanation that she lied on the slip and that I would write him an essay at a length of his choosing (I'm pretty sure, it was either that or I said like 3 pages or something) and I guaranteed him I would convince him I did literally nothing wrong. 

The salt in the wound? The ISS made my 9 weeks exams HARDER. Some of them I had to be on zoom for because I wasn't in the class. If I was home I could have done it, but there's no zoom on the shitty Windows XP computers in the ISS classroom, so I got two exams done and spent the rest of my first day doing chem work. Fuck this lol