My girlfriend fucked me over BACK STORY:

we met properly at a club and made out numerous times, I caught feelings because it felt so passionate. 

She’s the girl that I met at the wrong time and later then got to know each other better at the right time. Anyways, we talked a lot within the first week and snapped while complimenting each other until we got to meet again one on 
one. 

We were walking to a quiet park in the evening where nobody would see us, we talked and talked and she was just so pretty and cute. We both knew what was going to happen I had the hottest hook up I had with her where I would touch all around her with my shirt off and even finger her, those moans kept me up all night and want to go on. She told her friends about me how ‘experienced’ I was and how I knew what I was doing, when I found out I was so happy to hear about it. Her friends talked to me about what she said about the experience saying that she also liked me too and she loved the feeling.

Throughout the following week we snapped more and more. Saying things like “why you so cute” or “missing you sm” or “my clothes smell like you”, at one time she said “I know this sounds so soon but I just can’t wait to be your girlfriend” I was so excited. I decided to arrange a dinner date with her. On the day we had our date it was awesome and stuff though we didn’t do any action but I was okay with that.

Now, a few days later I received a snap from her, I remember it so well it said “hey I’m sorry this might be really out of the blue but I’ve been thinking it’d be better if we were off as just friends” followed by another one saying “I’m sorry I just didn’t want to lead you on”. 

In my head I was like what are you talking about? I was confused and slowly began to cry it out, I sort of broke down and felt like absolute shit thinking what went wrong? Was I too clingy? Was I rushing? It seemed all fine to me. Ofc I couldn’t do anything about it and that it’d be hard to change her perspective of me. it’s only been a few weeks and lead to this. All those snaps, texts and that date meant nothing to the relationship. I mean she’s a friend now I get it’s not gonna hurt anything more but still the relationship itself punched a hole deep inside me and I was hurt. 

Now since I guess she’s my ex now I’ve recently started missing her so much in every way, her body, her face, her voice and moans almost in a sexual way though I still have feelings for her at the moment. I’ve been thinking would it be possible if I’d see her at the club when she goes out again and hook up with her without having any lingering romantic feelings like friends with benefits. 

I just don’t know what to do now I feel like I’m stuck in a loop.