Hi guys :) This is a story I wrote for my English assignment. Tell me what you think :). Warning, this story is quite dark by my standards and vaguely mentions physical abuse :), enjoy! **The Solution**

&amp;#x200B;

I opened my eyes but this didn’t help. I couldn’t see a thing. A jolt of fear ran through me. Had I gone blind? I blinked a few times and slowly, I could see vague shapes around me. I tried to peer ahead through the fog and gloom that was impeding my vision and saw what appeared to be a barren, desolate, and muddy wasteland, rotting trees looming beside me. I looked up but could see no sun, stars, or moon, only a dark blanket of clouds floating menacingly above my head as if they were about to descend upon me and crush me. 

I then felt that I was holding some strange stick in my right hand. I looked down at my hand and realized that I wasn’t holding any stick, but a knife. A sharp dagger to be more precise, dripping with blood. I flung it to the ground in shock and wiped the blood that was on my hand onto my pants. I frantically looked around me, confused as to how I had got hold of this weapon. Then, for a second, I thought I saw something on the ground, a little through the fog. Was that a hand? I walked closer towards this mysterious object. Yes, it was a hand, but not just a hand, a whole body. It was a small girl. She lay on the ground, arms and legs splayed out, she couldn’t have been older than 9. She was covered in blood and her eyes were wide open, still, unmoving. 

In horror, I staggered away from the body. I turned and ran but stopped once again. There was more blood, and more bodies, piling on top of each other.  I ran again, but everywhere I went I found more and more bodies, all still and unmoving. I finally stopped and dropped to my knees, bodies all around me, it felt like they were suffocating me. Down by my knees, I saw the dagger again. Had I done this? How could that be possible? How did I become such a monster? I slid to the ground and prayed for this to be over.

Suddenly, a huge thunderstrike, sounding like a gunshot, woke me from my sleep. “Wait, that was all a dream? But it all seemed so real,” I thought. I breathed a huge sigh of relief, but then, almost took it back, as I looked around me, remembering the true reality of my situation.

I sat up, looking at the far wall, a bland, dark, and stained wall. I looked around me, all the other walls looking almost identical. I felt cramped like the walls were closing in on me. There was a small, dim light, hanging from the ceiling. This was my home.

My mind wandered, thinking as to how I got myself in this horrible situation.  I brought my head up to take in my surroundings. At the far end of the room could see my tiny kitchenette, my few appliances sitting on the bench gathering dust. In contrast, the wall behind almost sparkled in the dim light. A dozen knives were stuck to the magnetic wall, shining as bright as the full moon I glimpsed peeking through the small, ivy-covered window.

Looking at the knives brings me a sense of comfort. It took me back to my childhood. Collecting knives was my hobby. I’d spend hours cleaning them, sharpening them, arranging them. It was my escape from the outside world.

There was a knife in my dream, too, but it didn’t bring me such comfort. I felt uneasy, almost scared about what I might have done. The same kind of fear I’ve been feeling since my childhood. 

I pushed myself to my feet and walked unsteadily to the small alcove where my bathroom facilities were. I used the sleeve of my sweat-stained black hoodie to wipe the dust from the mirror. I peer into the mirror and see a  hollow-eyed, disheveled stranger staring vacantly back at me.  How did I let myself become such a creature?

I staggered into the shower, stripping off my clothes and letting them fall onto the tiled floor. I  turned on the water. The showerhead stuttered and spit water out, slow at first but then a strong flow of water hit me. I stepped back, my weakened body unprepared for the sudden impact of the spray. I leaned into the spray, temporarily enjoying the feeling of clean water running through my hair and onto my body. Then the water splashed onto my face, and I remember.

I couldn’t breathe. Greasy palms pressing on my neck and grabbing at my hair. Muffled laughter through the barrier of water separating us. The water continues to flow as I crumple to the floor, my head in my hands.

The flashbacks were getting too frequent. There was still so much to be done, so many lives to be saved. The innocents out there needed protection. I would be the protector I never had.  I needed to finish the project. 

My hair, still damp, dripped like the blood from my dream. I shook it away impatiently and rubbed my bloodshot eyes. Almost finished. I connected the last few wires and carefully sealed the glowing capsule inside the airtight, lead casing.  Now I could fulfill my purpose. I could save everyone from the inevitable pain, anguish, and suffering this life brings.

I heaved a sigh of relief and for the first time in months, I allowed a small smile to linger on my haggard face. I took a knife from my rack and strapped it to my side. I would need both hands for this work. For the first time in months, I eased open my door and I cringed at the loud creak. I checked the hallway furtively. No one was there. I dragged my burden down the hallway, grimacing with the unaccustomed weight.  When I arrived, I set down my creation and pressed the button. It’s done. Everyone will be free. I clutched the knife close to my chest, and waited. Doubt lingered, now that it was too late to go back. What have I become?