Storytime with u/I_eat_fiberglass So my 8th grade teacher was...a bit of a Skyrim NPC. He would replace certain words with animal noises, and generally oblivious to the world around him. So to better articulate during his lectures, he got a speech-to-text software and hooked it up a tiny microphone on his vest, so anything he said would appear as text on the board behind him. And for a while, it worked. It was going great. 

And then one day, a staff member calls him out into the hallway. The teacher took off his microphone and put it somewhere on his desk, which was pretty cluttered. What followed was the greatest coordinated effort of any math class. You see, here's where my main man Hunter comes in. Hunter watches the teacher place his microphone on his desk, and as soon as he leaves, Hunter gets up and takes the microphone. He stuffs it into his jacket, and whispers: 

" p e n i s " 

It appears on the board. " p e n i s " He whispers again. " p e-" The teacher has come back. But of course, he doesn't notice the board. What he instead notices is that his microphone is gone. So he starts shuffling things around on his desk to find it. The whole time is happening, Hunter keeps whispering " p e n i s " into the microphone. He gives a knowing glance to three of his friends at the back of the room, and I'm still amazed by what happened next. The first friend slides their pencil across the floor to the other side of the room, which is picked up by the second friend. The second friend uses this to quietly raise the speaker volume to maximum level by poking the button. The third friend finishes their worksheet, and passes by the computer on the way there. I'm paralyzed in amazement and horror at the sheer efficiency of the operation. 

Around this time, someone says to the teacher "Maybe your microphone fell off the desk?" So he teacher gets on all fours and is looking under the desk, when the third friend is walking by the computer. This guy clicks a button that translate everything said up to a certain point into a text-to-speech voice, and the speaker is on maximum volume. 

"***PENISPENISPENISPENISPENISPENISPENISPENISPENISPENIS***" The sound just emits from the computer. It was glorious. The teacher suddenly jumped up to see what was going on, and hit his head on the bottom of the table he was looking under. The last thing we all heard was penis before it all become a blur in my memory. 

I miss 8th grade.