Identity Crisis (Not Really Tho) I'm 17 and nearing graduation this year, and I took a moment today to reflect back on my school life.

I never really found a group to fit in with, people to hang out with, or even a steady lunch table. My average day's social interaction would be some loud and obnoxious class clown antics from the back of the room (I got good grades, and always raised my hand, so teachers put up with me being annoying and out of line most the time I think). I would share jokes with people who I only knew in passing. I acted like I was everyone's friend basically.

Truthfully, I had no friends. The people I was closest to went to other schools or had graduated. Did snag a girlfriend tho! (still together 16 months later!). The thing that went unnoticed by me for the longest time though, was that my legend was growing.

Ok, so legend is a bit of a stretch. The majority of my classmates however, knew their collective "idea" of me a lot better than the real me. This kind of went on outside my attention until junior year really.

I was sitting in math class when a guy walked up to me (kyle might have been his name? regardless)

"So how long have you and Sarah been dating?"

"Who the f\*\*\* is Sarah?"

This was case number one. It had become common knowledge to many of my peers that I was dating Sarah, a girl I didn't even know by name (I'm bad with matching names to faces). She didn't know about it either, but I met and told her about it way later where she laughed and all that.

The next event was with a kid named Brian (total bro)

"So, uh, Mr\_Mango, I heard you've been tutoring kids in math?"

"Um, what?"

"Yeah, the librarian said you tutor kids."

"Nope, not me."

Even the librarian was swept up in this! I was beginning to see that my persona was larger than life. I thought it was kinda neat to be honest.

The absolute best one though was this...

Trevor from across the little island of desks in my history class asks:

"Hey Mr\_Mango, you gonna be at football practice today?"

"Bro, I don't play football" (This was 3 weeks into the season)

"Uh, yeah you do"

He was utterly convinced I was his teammate.

"Nope, never have in my life"

"Hey (idk the name), doesn't Mr\_Mango play football? I could have sworn I saw him at practice"

"Yeah, he does"

FML

I like this memory so much because this led into me verbally chastising my classmates and telling them they didn't know a damn thing about me.

I only shared three examples, but this was an almost daily occurrence! The power of the student body hive mind am I right??

&amp;#x200B;

Thanks for reading my story!-Mr\_Mango 17 - Male

&amp;#x200B;

OMG a SILVER!!! TYTYTY. Never got one before :)