Benefits of being single in my life ;) None

Literally none

Please help, my obsession with wanting someone to love me is getting to my head


I’m genuinely seeing shit that I think is a fucking demon


The dissatisfaction of knowing that nobody loves you is crippling and punishing


Having it just repeat endlessly every day is horrifying to live through, my only escape being tf2.


Please god just bless my declining mental health with a nice girlfriend who I don’t even fucking care about what she looks like, I just want a fucking hug and validation



I’m literally unable to sleep at night, I’m making this at 6 am, and I have to mask how I feel from everyone


I don’t know if I can put up the act for much longer but most people I know buy this act of me pretending to be happy with my life and myself


This is probably a cry for help at this point and genuine rage and hatred towards myself and rage towards being brought into this hellhole of a world.


No amount of therapy had helped, and at this point I just await the inevitable, the time that comes. 



I wish I could just have great friends in a group. I only have a tiny amount of irl friends and only one of them i talk to usually. 


Unfortunately the love and validation and friends that I wish for aren’t able to occur. These would just be figments of my imagination. It’s unbearable knowing that even if this pandemic was over, I’d only be talking with one person, we’re the only ones there for each other.



I’m just glad I can rant anonymously on the internet about it, but I wish I used an alt to vent, it’s too late now though. I’d only use an alt so when I get into arguments with fucking imbeciles, they won’t personally attack me with my depression and the fact that I can’t do anything.



I just hope my friend in need of a kidney will survive, I wish I could donate mine, if I don’t, I will feel like a murderer. But I can’t. 




Why is everything in this unholy world against me specifically? It’s almost as if god told me ‘fuck you in particular’ and everything in both hell and heaven are just watching me suffer.