I got accepted into a prestigious school.. Alright I’m not trying to brag about anything, but I got accepted to the top university in my state... problem is I don’t want to go there, mainly because I don’t want to pay student loans, live far from home, etc. While I’m perfectly happy going to a smaller school for free (the scholarships cover the cost) one of my parents won’t take no for answer.

The reason I applied for the good school is because they kept bringing it up, day after day after day, until I finally caved in as I’m easily intimidated. They made promises such as “oh it’s just to see if you can get in” or “just for bragging rights” and now it’s turned into “I’ve paid for you education all your life, you owe me to go there” and “you don’t know what you want to do, you aren’t grown and you can’t make desicions on your own yet” Theres other things that left more of an impact but that’s private.

Now I’ve been manipulated into doing things they want for a long time, but I can understand it, they want me to live a life that they never had. But as I get older I start to realize that this desicion affects my entire career in the future, heck they even picked my major for me.

I have no intention of being crushed by student debt and I don’t think the college you go to matters that much, but it’s hard to say no to someone who 1. Has your bank account linked to them so they can take money out at will (it’s happened before) 2. Knows how to get to me and 3. Just overall doesn’t leave me alone.

I’m really worried about my situation as I need help filling out things for the school I want which they won’t pay for anymore, and am incapable of saying no to them. I feel like I’m taking a step in the right direction by throwing away the physical acceptance letter before they saw it, but now I’m just scared of what will happen to me if they find out.

I’m really sorry but I just felt like I had to vent here. I’ll see how my situation develops, and thank you if you read this far.