Had my 16th birthday today So, I am now officially sixteen. I am allowed to buy beer and wine (germany) I am starting to save up for my driver's license, and as for some reason my sister pointed out, am allowed to date 21 year olds...

My morning started with me waiting for (as it is tradition in our house) the ceremonious walking-in-singing-a-birthday-song ("heute kann es regnen", for the german folks here). After an hour, which felt like four, my door opened and my whole family walked in, carrying a tablet with a present, a candle, and a cup of hot chocolate with marshmallows (don't judge me, I live hot chocolate with marshmallows). Being the goofs they are, they of course messed up the lyrics and put some playful insults in there. (again, common practice :D) After that, we went downstairs to the breakfast table, where my sister had put a list of choices for the day, starting with my choice of breakfast. Of course, I checked every one of them, and had a fried egg on pancakes with maple syrup, baked beans and bacon. (Except for the one hundred year eggs my sister put on there with the plan of "putting something you wouldn't choose", she knows me well) in the afternoon, there were choices too, ranging from yoga, to community games, to taking a walk. I chose control games and a walk. (however it was stormy outside, so we ended up just playing games like mario kart and Codename) 
For Dinner, I had choice between a few things, but I ended up choosing sushi and bubble tea, because heck yeah! We also watched a film, and after we were done, my family (my sister) decided to introduce me too a German tradition: beer. So, beer tasting was on the board, while playing drinking games. ("meier" and a repurposed kids game called "looping louie")
We had a blast! 

Why am I writing this? I have no idea. I think I just wanted to share with you how much I love my Family. I am slightly drunk right now, so I'll go sleep as I have a hike planned for tomorrow :) 
Love you all my friends, stay strong and have a good night!