Absolute Truth About The Nature Of The Universe I think this would fit here since teenagers like to think about this stuff.

Here I will lay bare the absolute truth before you. Do with it what you will.

There is no god, no hell or heaven. Not only is there no god but there isn't an iota of any supernatural element in this world and universe. Its all completely scientific. So there are no spirits, no ghosts, no demons or angels, no souls, no magic or miracles. There never was there never will. These are made-up concepts. This universe is completely scientific.

We do not have a soul in the traditional sense. Consciousness is just chemical reactions in our brain and the billions of neurons firing at the same time. This incredibly complex network of neurons gives us the illusion of consciousness. We aren't anymore alive than a rock in the aspect of having a supernatural soul. We are just incredibly complex robots. For example, we can make an incredibly complex robot with a very advanced AI with billions or trillions of lines of code, machine learning algorithms and artificial neural networks. So much so that the machine will think it is alive or has a soul just like us. But does it actually? No, its just a machine with lots of code. We can put sensors on the robot just like our natural senses. Such as camera for eyes, heat and force sensors to detect physical stimulus, etc. And then it can be coded to protect itself just as we are naturally coded to protect ourselves. So if something hits the robot or it comes in contact with a hot object, the sensors on its body will send a signal to its CPU and it will move away to protect itself just like a human would. Basically a robot can be created just as complex(or more) as a human such that it is virtually indistinguishable form a human. It will have all the senses and perceptions like a human. It will have the same illusion that it has a soul or consciousness and that it is alive as humans do. JUST LIKE THAT ROBOT WILL BE AN ARTIFICIAL HUMAN, WE ARE NATURAL ROBOTS. It has been less than 2 centuries since the first computer was created. So we have had very less time to create AI as compared to million of years of evolution that nature had to develop humans(advanced natural robots) and to develop their brain(very powerful supercomputer) and to develop their senses(advanced sensors like camera etc). The point is that we are just natural robots developed over millions of years and do not have a soul or spirit like people traditionally believe and consciousness is just an illusion created by the highly complex nature of our brain along with the combination of our senses.

There is no objective meaning of life. If tomorrow a meteor strikes earth and it gets destroyed and all life on earth dies then its of no significance to anyone outside ourselves. And there isn't anything inherently wrong about all life dying on earth. There is no objective morality. No objective right or wrong. Right or wrong are just concepts developed by society so humans can live in cooperation and have a greater chance of survival and propagating our species. So, Hitler and Mother Teresa did not go to different places after their death.

Nothing you do or will ever do matters in the long run and in cosmic scale.

This is a depressing truth and isn't of much use. But it is the absolute truth. I don't mind the people who don't agree with this truth. Its the age old question of painful truth vs blissful ignorance. Who is to say the person choosing the latter isn't the wiser one. Infect, when I was younger and going through existential crisis, I explicitly decided to believe in god knowing that he did not exist, just to keep my sanity. If I get in a difficult situation in future, I will most probably still prey. You might find it contradictory but it is what it is. I don't mind if you believe in god and don't believe in this absolute truth. If believing in god and having faith gives you happiness, security etc. then by all means do that. If you read this truth and throw it in the trash, then sure go ahead, whatever gives you happiness.

This is the absolute truth. I myself don't believe it 100% of the time. But that is the nature of truth. It is not affected by whether or not you believe in it.