[17M] Can this day get any worse? Lil story time + Trynna find friends if anyone down ;" ; Woke up after 4  - 5  hours of sleep, 
Lessons at school... its been just a bad vibe at this point, i got feeling of being insanly tired, like i felt so pointless in sitting there, all i had in my mind was " Man i needa get the f outta here, i dont need no friends nor nothing else i just needa chill tf out".

Every second felt like an hour so after some time being extremally  tired turned into just a little bit of saddness outta it, this only one friend that knows truth about my mental health got to find out how i feel, it started to get rly rly bad. After sometime of hearing her advices suchas " go home" n declineing em, she told me she ton check upon me later on discord chat. I was happy Ill get to chat someone in the night. time when i tend to feel worse.
 
Finally came back home, only thing that kept me up was fact this only one friend i invite over to my house was about to come today and i was so so haply for that.- Y see ion got friends, these 2 wont do stuff w me everyday, so when they do im insanely happy.

Came in home sad and tired, touched bad for a sec and next thing i see was 5 34pm right after waking up. , went outta room to ask my dad if my friend can come over, then i heard mom storm outta room that is right by mines, havent seen her todsy at all yet first our contact was her screaming at me how awful i am for inviting him over which gon interrupt her nighttime peace etc even that we silently watch movies like entire floor under her. Had to cancel my meeting, got me really sad. Tried to study for a little yet my father came over noticing this dirtyass shelf of mines and literally acting like i broke it forever giving me 1 month of no Pc, calling me steaightup " fuckig stupid" and shouting more and more.
(Got to the point i had to do something to cope with pressure he puts on me, what i did is not the case.)

When it started to get to me that my friend who prommised wont chat either i ended up sitting under shower for long af, now just came into bed and i feel so dissapointed with life tho...


Idk hope thi vent doesnt seem too random, i felt better bout spitting it all out - Ty for reading if u made it here and Id be happy yo become ur friend if u wanna, dm me! ❤