So I had to have my colon removed... Warning: some kinda gross stuff ahead. We’re talking intestines and stuff. Not every disease is pretty.

I’ve been dealing with an indeterminate colitis for a while now. The doctors weren’t exactly sure what it was, but after some tests the consensus was that my colon (large intestine) had to be removed, otherwise I would probably bleed myself to death.

My operation was yesterday, and the funny thing is that my incisions barely hurt at all but my shoulder fucking hurts like ass. Doctors said it had something to do with an oxygen buildup and was completely normal and should clear up in a few days.

For the next six months at least I have an ostimy, which is a small opening in my stomach that leads to a collection bag. They couldn’t just reattach my small intestine to my rectum, because both parts need to heal first. It’s going to take some getting used to but I know I can handle it. Shitty thing is, since we don’t exactly know what my condition is, we’re not certain if I can be reattached even after the six months to a year of healing. It’s not entirely off the table, but we just don’t have enough info at the moment.

Some doctors are going to take a look at my colon and we should get a much better idea of what we’re dealing with.

Understand that life sucks sometimes, and you might have to go through some shit. Never let it drag you down. Understand that I was in a lot of pain before this. I had abdominal pain, I want absorbing food, and I had almost zero energy. I was on a bunch of different meds and none of them really had any effect.

My quality of life now is going to be way better, and even though I have some new issues and a “new normal,” it’s all for the better.

Just promise me one thing, you know that kid you pass in the hallway? The one with some sort of weird device hooked up to them, or an eyepatch, or headgear? Don’t make fun of that kid. They’ve been through hell. Sure, I’m taking my changes well, but I sure as heck would hate being called “the kid that shits out his chest.” Be accepting. Life isn’t always roses and the last thing some people need is to be ridiculed just for being healthy.

Be the best that you can be, and be greatful that your body doesn’t betray you like mine did.

I love each and every one of you, muah 💋.

Thanks for comin to my ted talk