so im not allowed to play a game that I payed for and SHE gave me permission to get. So i pre ordered call of duty black ops cold war a while ago. And it fully released the other day, when it released my parents were away for the weekend and they let me stay home for the first time, so that mean i could play games all day and stay up way late for a whole weekend. i played through the campaign and some zombies them went to rocket league and almost broke the controller bc i was pissed and bc it has a little drift. when they got home it was like 3pm and i was still sleeping and the doorbell woke me up. i hopped on cold war to play zombies with my friend and i had gore on ofc and she walked in and saw me shredding zombies and a subtitle said like "fuck you" and she got super pissed because i was playing the game. keep in mind that she sat and watched me play modern warfare multiplayer and be toxic without me knowing and was fine with it.then when she she saw me play cw she said she doesnt want me to play it anymore so when she walked out i exfiled and closed app and played rocket league, got pissed, yelled, left the game, and got back on cold war where i didnt get mad. she stormed in and saw me on cold war and forced me off the ps4 and clicked the uninstall button. shes kinda dumb and i just reinstalled it super pissed after yelling at her making her think its more bad of a game and it made me yell. so when she saw me play it again she like took away my ps4 for a day and tried finding ways to delete it permanently, she deleted it from my library so it said i had to go pay again for it but i just when to purchased and now im no longer able to play an excellent game (minus the shitty multiplayer modes) that i payed for with money that i earn and waited a month for. tbh i hate it here and idk why she lets me kill fish for dinner when we camp but not let me play a fake video game. TL:DR.. my mom uninstalled a 60 dollar game that i payed for with my money and forbif me from playing it because i yelled at her for uninstalling it.