Hey, I wrote a short story for english class, is it ok?   

A searing headache shocked me into waking, as a horrible ringing cut like a knife in my brain. I felt as if I had been sleeping for a thousand years.

“What happened?” I thought to myself, but no memory came to light. Only empty husks of memories that have been long forgotten. I knew there was something, friends, family, places, experiences, but I felt as if they were all stripped from me.

I found myself in a small, uncomfortable bed. The frame was wooden, with ornate designs carved into it. The room I woke up in looked similar to a grandmother’s house. Yellow stained, flowery wallpaper was plastered onto the walls, the floor was made up of dusty wooden planks colored an indescribable shade of brown. It felt familiar somehow, but uncomfortable. It had all the things that I would be needed for a comfortable house. Bed, nightstand, sink, toilet, bookcases lined with well-known classics, but something was very off.

The air felt dry and dusty. Everything was a disgusting shade of yellow. The toilet and sink were absolutely filthy. The frame of a mirror lay mirrorless upon the sink. There were no windows or doors as if it were a prison.

I searched around the room, but to no avail. I had found nothing that could help me with my situation until I looked in the nightstand. I pulled back the drawer, and I found an ornate flintlock pistol, like the ones from centuries ago. Under it was a piece of paper, with only the name Henry written on it. That place seemed unsafe, so I decided to keep the weapon.

Hours had gone by, and I felt as if I had gone insane. My knuckles were bloodied from beating the walls. I had given up. I took the pistol and…

Before I could do anything, I woke up in someplace different. A hellish maze of rusted and worn catwalks lay before me. Clotheslines were strung across the sky lined with skins of animals. Screams of heavy machinery sounded in the distance. A thick, black fog surrounded me. Not at all what I was expecting, but progress is progress, of course. I ran across the catwalks, the only thing I could do. Occasionally I would accidentally run into one of the skins. Pig, raccoon, bear, cow, everything but human.

After an exhausting amount of time, I found myself in a tunnel made of stones and soot. At the end, there was a small, two-foot-tall door. I squeezed through and made it to a colosseum of some type. 

The world shook stronger than any earthquake as an otherworldly figure floated down from the sky. An angel made of pure light, with many spinning rings of increasing sizes surrounding her. I felt so attached to it, yet so afraid. I couldn’t look away, but I couldn’t bear to watch any longer. I felt so drained as if it was sucking my soul into it. My skin started to peel off and float to the being. My muscles burned as they touched my clothes. I tried to scream, but I couldn’t make a sound. Pieces of my body rotted off and floated to the being. Fingers, facial features, it all lifted off of me like a weight off my back. I felt infinite pain. I felt so sick, it was horrible and demented. I took the remaining amount of energy to pull out my pistol and aimed at the being. It felt so wrong, yet I knew what I had to do. I slowly pulled the trigger back and shot at the being.

I woke back up in my hospital bed. Numerous tubes and pipes were connected to me. “Well if I’m alive, that probably means they took that stupid tumor out.”