I fucking hate the orthodontist but I don't hate my braces I got my braces on in March 2019. I was supposed to be done by Christmas 2019. But NO.

I came in with a really big overbite (5.5mm). This is actually a really big deal. They gave me elastics and I wore them. They were extra heavy ones too. Hurt like shit for the first week.

Come into my appointment 6 weeks later. They tell me im at 4.5mm. ok fine I guess. They tell me to start wearing them in a triangle shape. Coolio. Hurts again for another week but otherwise fine

Ok another 6 weeks goes by with total compliance from my end. I go back and this bitch tells me I now have a 6MM overjet and my teeth are dirty. Ok first off how the fuck did my teeth get WORSE with more pain and misery, and second I brush with a fucking Phillips sonicare. My teeth are fine. Go fuck yourself. Then she accuses me of not being honest about wearing them. BITCH I DONT WANT THESE GOD DAMN BLOOD SUCKERS ON MY TEETH WHY THE FUCK WOULD I NOT WEAR THEM. They tell me I now have to wear them 24/7 and in the original formation.

Another 6 weeks. I go in and they tell me im back at 5. Fuck. I'm never getting these fucks off my teeth aren't I. But this sweet old lady was so nice. She explained to me that I have to brush my teeth in circles not just back and forth. YES that issue is solved. She also told me to go back to the triangle. Apparently I was wearing the triangle wrong the first time so she helped me. Victory. I was getting these fucks off in no time.

Ok COVID hits. I wasn't expecting them to cancel my appointments. I didn't get another appointment until AUGUST this year. I had to wait 6 months for an appointment. But by the time I went in I actually had an UNDERBITE of about 2mm. I wore my bands so well that I have another issue. TAKE THAT BITCHES. They tell me to not wear bands anymore and come back in 6 weeks for another checkup. I knew I'd be done soon.

I come back to my appointment and my underbite hasn't gotten any better. I'm going to have these things on forever because of covid. God damn it.

So now I have a permanent UNDERBITE. Time for me to just fucking die. I give up.

TL;DR had really bad orthodontist up until 2 appointments ago. The sweet old lady taught me everything I was doing wrong. I wore my bands so well that I went from a 5mm overbite to a 2mm underbite. Now I'm fucked