So, my life is screwed up. Please read it all to understand. Advice would be nice. So, first things first. This happened a couple weeks ago. Basically, it was a Digital Information lesson and I was joking around with my friend calling him chubby. My friend, let's call him Jack, said "Oh fat shaming [me]? I'll get [old friend] on you". I then replied: "Bruh he's slower than his metabolism." I admit, it was rude. Later, this other kid I've known since primary school, let's call him Simon, kicked me in the back. It didn't hurt to be honest. When I got on the bus, Simon said "sit here and I'll kick you" so I kicked him in the shin and went to the front of the bus. So, the next day, I told my friend about it and he asked me "which joke?" and so I repeated it. Jack then told Simon again and he tried kicking me in the no-no square. It didn't connect much so it didn't hurt. 

The other day, I apologised to my old friend. He was chill with it. So, last week, I was tapping Jack trying to get his attention, so he elbowed me. I then said "Yeah he's being a bit of a piss baby." and he was mad. 

Then today, I told my dad about it and I ended up going down to this other kid, let's call him Zack, 's house. Me and my mother had a conversations with his mother and she didn't believe it until I showed her the texts and showed her that the voicemail said Zack's name. I don't know what's gonna happen to Zack but I hope it's bad. We've been friends for 2 years. Meeting up at each other's houses to go to school, him coming over to mine and going on walks with him. 

Now, Jack is saying I hit Simon first and I was constantly swearing at him, which is a complete lie, and now Zack has told a teacher and Jack's gonna tell the head teacher. I do have the texts to back up my claim of being harassed and bullied but unfortunately no evidence of being kicked by Simon

If things don't go my way, I'm done for, big time

I'm stressing like hell, I can't sleep and my legs are constantly shaking.

Please help me