I really fucking hate my class (9th grade btw)
I’ve never really liked them that much but I could hang out with them and all but now it’s just too much. The amount of casual racism and other shitty stuff is being said, not only to me (I don’t really care that much cause I don’t care about them tbh. I’m biracial btw so apparently that makes me black or something according to them) but to anyone that isn’t native to the country. “Immigrant” and the N word and all sorts of other racial slurs are being said regularly and it’s starting to piss me off. I’m a non confrontational person so I just keep quiet but god I’m dying inside whenever the hell they open their mouths.

They have to make mean comments and make fun of people’s appearances all the time. In real life and even just watching someone in a movie or a documentary. Stop and be respectful for gods sake. 

They disrespect teachers, don’t respect their privacy (searching through my teachers google search history on his personal PC while he wasn’t around) make fun of muslim teachers for their religion and of course racial slurs (never to their face of course cause they don’t wanna get in trouble) 

They disrupt the class all the time. 2 girls laugh every 30 seconds almost and it’s distracting and annoying, one boy has the mentality of a 7 year old. 

They gotta make fun of accents, make fun of movements, make fun of clothing, make fun of what music people listen to, make fun of people’s jobs, make fun of people’s education, make fun of what phone you have and all sorts of other bullshit that literally does not fucking matter but they take time out of their day to make fun of the smallest things and it’s so stupid, mean and pointless that it actually makes me angry to the point of me writing this to let out my anger (cause like I said before I never speak my mind) they even made fun of people with conditions like Down syndrome because “they look funny” keep in mind these people are 14-16 years old and it’s unbelievable how fucking immature they are at that age.