an online friend that helped me with my anxiety and always made my day better just left me after 10 months of being friends with her  im very emotional right now so no grammar or anything i just need to talk about this to someone.

&amp;#x200B;

TL;DR - girl i've known online for 10 months gets really mad at me for some small things i've done in the past and thinks im really bad person and that im selfish. then blocks me off of everything and tells me to never speak to her again even after everything ive done to keep her happy (sorry if this tl;dr is bad i've never done this before and im not in a good mood)

&amp;#x200B;

background: i met this girl on youtube that uploaded videos that i loved and we started to bond together. after a few weeks of talking on her channel, she gave me her discord and we started talking in november of 2019. i found out she was the same age as me but lived in Europe so our timezones were vastly different from one another so we couldn't talk as much as we wanted to. i eventually got to know more about her and that we both had anxiety and she had depression. we became friends and every day for about 7+ hours we'd just talk over and over about life and anything we did that day. this went on for months and months without incident. we talked all the time about school and stuff and i always helped her when she needed someone to talk to. she did the same for me as well.

skipping to june of 2020, and it was almost midnight. we were both in really bad moods and i wanted to talk to her really badly but she wanted to just rest. we both argued for a bit and i admit i was a bit mean but never said anything bad to her. she blocked me and after a few weeks we started talking again and we started becoming friends again. we were pretty much perfectly back to normal besides some very small arguments there and there that didn't escalate. we went perfect for over like 3 weeks until a few days ago she told me she hated me since the beginning and that she's always hated me. she said that i've only made her life more miserable and that im a r-word and an a-hole. i was really sad and i asked her why and she told me a bunch of stuff i did a really long time ago that made her mad but she never told me about it until now. i apologize over 100 times (literally over 100 times) and we eventually feel better about each other. we make a set of rules and we start talking a bit less and less so i can make her feel more comfortable with me. then like an hour ago she talked to me on a different server that we were both in and told me " So \[name\] you already know I hate you and want to get rid of you so I decided since there’s no other way I’ll just mute this server and ignore you so bye" and that prompted me to ask her what was wrong and if i could do anything to fix this. we talked a bit about some things we have said a few months prior, until she told me she couldn't handle me anymore and that i've completely ruined her life. she called me a "horny piece of s\_" because of 1 thing i said like 7 months ago before any of this happened. i told her i would seriously miss her and that i have no one else to talk to about my problems and that she really does help me. she blocked me right after and left every server i was in.

i'm very sad right now and i have no one to even tell this to... i would normally tell stuff to her but she's gone now so i figured i let you all know. im sorry for rambling. and sorry if anything seems like weird about what im saying, if you want more info just ask me and ill respond tomorrow maybe

(had to censor words cause bot won't let me post)