Long thing about... minecraft?? Before you read, this post is negative and not a wholesome relationship thing 

This is a message I typed to my friend 
So to clear things up 

Van = my boyfriend
Mystii = my friend (a girl)
Lewd = my friend (a boy)
We're all in a server together with some other people
We were in a call in the server  

So van and I were playing Minecraft
And I wanted to invite mystii 
But I really didn't want to invite lewd(because he was kinda being mean to me the other day), and I told van that

So van invited mystii
And we were playing 
And then... Lewd asks if he can join 
And van said yes 
So like... Why
????????
He said "I felt bad rejecting him"
Okay I guess... 

So I was unhappy then 
And I was playing but like... Not very nicely ig
I made this sort of camp thing(not like a house, just like a roof) and van decided to live there too 
I didn't care or anything but 

Then lewd started making fun of my "house"... And van was like "well don't blame me, I didn't make it"
Like dude.... Why 
I was just letting him live there and he insults it..? 

So at that point I finally left 
I was pretty sad because van didn't listen to me about not inviting lewd... And then also the thing about the house kinda (not that important)
And I told him I was sad and asked if he could stop playing minecraft with them 

And he said no...
So I was like why 
And he...... "didn't want to make lewd and mystii sad" (van created the world)
And I was like dude please we can always play some other time 
And he just kept saying no
And after a while he said he was trying to find a way to make everyone happy

Like uh... Clearly you've failed if I'm already sad... 
And then he called me selfish and said "stop thinking you're the only person in the world" 

I don't know... Maybe it was kind of selfish to ask him to stop playing 
But still 
He had the choice between "make mystii and lewd happy, with me being sad" or "make me happy with them being sad (I really don't think they would have been that sad)" 
And he just... Didn't choose me
I know this sounds really selfish at this point but like...
Why?? He talks to them like twice a month 
And it really made me upset... 
Eventually I asked him to apologize and he did, but

I don't know 
It just feels like I can't forgive him
Like ahhhh 
I don't know if I'm wrong or he is

I mean it's probably me but 
It still feels really bad 

Any thoughts are appreciated
Thanks for reading all of this btw :') (if you did read all of it, that is)