Oppression against Muslims For context: 

Hijab= headscarf Muslim woman wear

Halal meat= in islam we have to kill an animal a certain way to symbolize respect to the animal. If the animal isn’t killed in that way Muslims aren’t allowed to consume.


As of march 30 the French senate made it illegal for woman under the age of 18 to wear the hijab. They are trying to ban the word of the hijab at university and other higher education. Mother who wear the hijab are not allowed to accompany their children on school trips. Muslim patience can’t request doctors based of gender. From July the halal slaughter of chicken will be illegal. France has been oppressing Muslims for a while. I don’t live in France but in America and I can say that I’m sick of constantly having to explain myself to people. I get it if you are curious but some people are constantly belittling us and making racist comments. I am a girl meaning I wear the hijab and I get constant negative looks and comment from random people. It seems every time I go out with friends or my family I’m always the target to something. Being a middle eastern, Muslim, female in the US is a struggle and people refuse to see it. I’m fucking done with people acting like I’m normal I’m just like you I’m just as good as you and me wearing a fucking scarf doesn’t hurt you. Me believing in my religion isn’t hurting you. And I know for a fact people are going to comment and say what about the people constantly dying from you? I’m not TERRORIST I’m a Muslim I don’t support or stand for those people and maybe if you would educate yourself with real sources not mainstream media you would understand we don’t stand with violence. When am I gonna feel safe in my own home. I’m scared and I’m done hiding. Everyday I deal with this and I refuse to say anything bc “there are bigger problems” and of course there is but that doesn’t make mine any less relevant. please stop the Muslim hate consider me human. I want to walk in public and not be called names. If you guys have questions I’ll try to answer them as best as I can. Thank you for reading have a nice day&lt;3