Need advice on how to get over a cheating ex So i'm a 20 y.o guy. I had been single for two decades until I met this person. We started texting each other during this pandemic and we soon got really close. We both started to like each other and eventually we got into a relationship. She was the first real friend I had. Everything was great at first but then we started having fights because I didn't like her flirting with her friends on social media. She would tell me that she didn't mean it seriously and it was just bromance with her friends so eventually we would always make up no matter what. She was really great person. She was the perfect match for me. We had the same sense of humor and we had a lot of interest in common. I thought I had found the love of my life and I started imagining our future together. Everything was going great until I found out that cheated on me with some guy she just met. I did a little more digging about her and what I found out broke me to pieces. Everything she told me about her past was a lie. 

You guys know how relationships typically start right. She was broken and I offered her emotional support and that's how we got super close to one another. But little did I know that she was lying the whole time. She told me that her ex was a fuckboi who took used her and that he was really toxic but in reality she was the one who cheated on him cheated on him. She got into a fwb relationship with some senior at our college even though she was still in a relationship. Her ex found out and broke up with her and he found another girl within a month. Later she tried to get back together with him but when he rejected her she got mad I guess and that's why she started lying about the whole deal to everyone. She made all her friends think that she was the victim. She didn't only cheat on me she also betrayed her friends. She led them on a fake friendship and then cut off all ties with them after they had served their purpose.

She cheated on me the same way she cheated on that guy she dated before me. Idk what to do now. I'm devastated. I hate the fact that I still love her after all she did. I'm stuck and it's seriously affecting my academic life and mental well being. All these times she was just using me and her friends just for the emotional support. To her we were like some drugs which helped her escape from her own misery. After we weren't able to provide her with the necessary high anymore she just left her like we didn't even matter.  

I realized that she never really loved me. She only loved the way I made her happy. I know for a fact that she isn't going to change because she still thinks what she did was right. She didn't even give any of us a proper apology. I don't understand why i'm still sad over losing someone terrible like that. Lately I have been having suicidal thoughts. I just want the pain to stop but I don't know how. I can't seem to focus on anything for more than 5 minutes. No matter what I do I always end up obsessing about her. It was a short relationship but still I simply can't get her out of my mind. My past few months of my life have been nothing short of an illusion.