how am I meant to deal with a friend who thinks the world revolves around them and they're 'special' ? this is somewhat long, sorry guys, but I'd appreciate any help I can get. there's a TLDR at the end. 


I have a friend who is, to put it truthfully, bang average. she believes that she is very special and that nobody understands her. this is an immature way of thinking and I've tried to talk to her about it. we are 14, and she constantly tries to lie and one up me. she lies about me to her parents, says that I never try in school and I'm always the one to blame if something goes wrong, even if it's her fault(I lead our small group of friends, so maybe she thinks anything bad she does is my responsibility? obviously it's not, I'm just trying to assume what she might think) 

so every time I do something with her, she always talks about herself. no time for me, or my other friends. expects sympathy where no sympathy is due. a while back she told me she thought she was depressed. a serious issue. so I do my very best to help her with it, I'm there if she needs me. she thanks me and such, but I honestly don't think she was. she throws the word around a lot and I believe she confused it with sadness and negative emotions which, as a young lady growing up in a privelged household, she likely hadn't had to deal with before. she likes to be in first place, and I'd respect that if she actually was in first place. i work hard, set goals, and achieve them. rarely, I share stuff I'm proud of with my friend group. everyone but her takes notice, and she always changes the subject to something about her. I think she might be jealous, but I have no idea how to deal with that. she tries to copy my interests, but never puts in the work to achieve the goals that I do. then, she will say I cheat. I have 35 pages of double sided hard work to prove I learnt the stuff I needed for that competition. it pisses me off.

we both like to debate. I love it, and will play devil's advocate often. I'm less aware of her emotions and sometimes step on her beliefs and values, but I don't intent to hurt them properly, just question them for the sake of debate. so she goes off in a mood. it's really frustrating when she believes that everything should turn out well for her with no competition and I should kiss her feet and bow down to her and respect her when she hasn't earned it.

TLDR friend thinks she's the center of the world and everyone should understand that, but she really isn't and is in fact, completely normal. consistently refers to herself as 'special'. starting to think she really is, but in a negative way. how do I bring her back down to earth and help her understand that she isn't, and she has to work for achievements.

thanks for reading guys :)