Am I depressed ? Hi so I'm 13F and by the title you'd already know what I'm talking about. I've been thinking about coming out over here since a while and decided I would..so here I am. Pretty nervous writing this but please don't judge me harshly. It's been around 3-4 I've been showing the symptoms of depression like - loss of appetite, no interest in hobbies and activities that give pleasure, irregular sleep schedule, feeling tired or lazy, unexplained muscle pain etc. I'm not sure though, I've been feeling lifeless and I don't feel excitement when talking about going outside, eating a delicious food, shopping and all. My father honestly can't bother because he's facing with his own problems. My mother doesn't bother either and tries to cheer me up. The more she does, the more worse I feel because my parents are amazing and I really don't deserve such great parents. I feel like another kid could take my place and do lots, I'm just a piece of crap and a waste of space. I think about doing many things and turn out to do anything all day except think. I overthink alot and don't give enough productivity. I feel useless seeing my friends do so much while I just sit like slob all day. Sometimes I wish I were never born and everyone would be at such ease. It's all my fault tbh. I'm too much of a coward to harm myself and there's no powerful drug I can find in my house to kill myself with. I feel horrible writing this but, I feel like I should reach out. Plus, I'm not taking care of my hygiene anymore... Dirty hair, dirty clothes. I can't keep up on my mind and feel lost and confused most of the time. I spend my whole day thinking about my horrid future and why I don't deserve this life and how I could apologize to my parents of being a huge mistake. I feel worthless and guilty. I can't help myself and I'm in such a state of mess and confusion, I'd rather die. Unfortunately, I'm a coward and way too sensitive to harm myself. I can't cope up although I'm doing "well" in studies, my mind is degrading day by day. Studying in my country just means memorising, not creativity. I'm of no worth and quite a waste of money. Now, I don't even know why I should be writing this anymore because nobody's gonna really...bother. But, yeah... Sorry if I wasted your time or offended anyone in anyway, a thousand apologies.