Someone died at my school. What's new? Like literally. I'm now a senior in high school, and every single year (literally every year) someone has died. Most of the time it's suicide. One time a girl literally overdosed in the hallway. One time it was a freak, sport accident. 

I make my school sounds really bad. I go to a really, really good public school. Amazing teachers. Teachers come from other states to teach here. BUT, there is definitely a mental health problem, which is fatal in some cases.

So far no cause was given. But it's always the same. "We are deeply saddened to inform you that [name] has died." Usually it'd be announced during school, and we'd give a moment of silence, but that's impossible due to hybrid learning.

The teachers and counselors try their best. We have hired greif counselors. The school tries their best to help with mental health. In health class we go over coping strategies and ways to maintain good mental health.

But it just feels like too much (and nothing at all at the same time). It's never been someone in my year/class that's died; it's always someone that I don't know. So I feel sad and bad, but at the same time I'm not overcome with greif; I literally didn't know anyone that had died.

But when literally every single year someone dies (I think it was last year or the year before that there were two people that died), it just gets "stupid." 

And it feels so fake. Like there's a "moment of silence" and a "we regret to inform you" email, but I still have a history presentation on Tuesday. I still have a Spanish test on Monday. Life goes on.

But personally I just feel overwhelmed. There's a literal pandemic going on. Like just think for a second; we're in a literal pandemic wtf. You read about pandemics in history books, but actually experiencing them is something else. I have too much school work. I have too many extracurriculars. I have college apps.

I'm just overwhelmed and feeling the burden of knowing that someone died in my school just is a little too much right now.

I'm deleting this in a few minutes; it just felt good to express my feelings and for maybe one or two people to read this.