Big Sad Hello, I don’t really post here on reddit but I don’t have anyone to talk to since all my friends are busy and I shouldn’t even bother them with bullsheights in the first place.

I’ve been avoiding one thing that I loved because it has caused emotional shenanigans in me and that is reading Manga/Manhwa or idk what you call those. Reading stories used to be fun and exciting for me but as the years went on, it’s starting to mess with my emotional state. I mostly read BL because I am a smol closeted boi and I’ve always wondered what it’s like to have a relationship as two guys. Some ends with happy endings but most would end in a very tragic way and whenever I read a new story, I cannot seem to go past the conflict part of the story and would just stopped reading altogether.

It feels like a dumb bitch move to avoid it but the motto “face your fears/problems” only made things worse as I’ve been suffering with depression since I stepped foot on this world. The last Anime I’ve seen was “Given” and I didn’t know this one has a sad story and I thought watching BL Anime would give my little gay heart a bit of happiness but oh boy did I thought wrong. At that point, I legit cried after years of not being able to do so.

I don’t even know what this post is all about tbh. I just want to express a portion of my feelings since it’s starting to get hard bottling them up.

Seeing all posts about getting a partner or even just talking about yall crushes,, they make me in awe, like you guys are really out here feeling all that “butterflies in your stomach”. But for some reason, it also makes me sad, in a way that I don’t think I am capable of those things. Considering how I cannot look at conflicts in stories, how much more if it were in real life.

And I know that maybe “i am not ready” but this has been going on for years and the thought that it could still go on makes me even more sad. It’s like a cycle or something, i dunno im dumb as hell. I can tell my friends are tired of hearing/seeing me talk about this thing. Honestly idek what the hell I am talking rn if you made it this far, sorry for wasting your time. 

Hope you have an amazing day and life, stranger.