Why are girls so hard to understand? So there is this girl that I've had a crush for quite some time. the moment I met her I realized that I was really into her. Every time we met up I also thought that she could be into me because I started noticing some signs that could mean that but it's turned out that I was wrong.

One day, about a good month ago, we went to my friend's place and had a bit of a party, were drinking, dancing, singing and just having a good time. Then most of us went to the balcony to have a smoke and after everyone left it was just me and my crush in the balcony. We talked about lots of different things for like a half an hour or maybe more and, in the end of the conversation, she told me that she knows that I'm into her but she doesn't see me that way and kind of rejected me, told me that she wants to stay friends with me because she likes me as a friend. I respected that she told me this in a quite nice way, although I was a bit to a heartbroken it wasn't really hard to get over it.

After that we kept on chatting, sometimes we met up with our friends, we hung out just the two of us, but it was just friendly things I guess. Now, a few days ago, I invited her and a couple other friends to my place for, if I can call it that, a party. We were doing the usual, drinking, dancing, singing, talking about loads of things. But then, after a few hours, my friend had to go home and I was left with my crush and another friend. We were all pretty drunk and my friend told my crush that she owes me a kiss on the cheek for helping with her school work, so she gave me a kiss on the cheek and then a couple more. Then, I don't know how, it escalated to me and my crush kissing on the lips twice or maybe even more. Those weren't French kisses, but they still were like 10 or so seconds. After that, she had to go home, so I walked her to the taxi and give her a kiss and a hug and went back to my home. When I get home, my friend congratulated me for kissing her, she was genuinely happy for me, I also was bit hyped and proud of myself I guess.

The next day I and my crush chatted for a bit, but nothing unusual. The following day was the Valentine's Day, so after spending half of the day by myself, I decided to invite my crush to my place. But she rejected the offer and told me that she's spending it with someone else.

That got me really confused. Before the party, I saw her as just a friend, but after the party she kind of messed with my head and my heart once again.

Like, if kissing a person doesn't mean that you're into them, what on Earth does? Maybe she lied about spending the Valentine's Day with someone just to mess with me, or am I a bit too optimistic? I really don't know what to do with this situation.