What should I do about my childish, stubborn friend who happens to be 18 and almost hit someone? (18M) went over my friend (18M) house today like I usually do; where he was outside playing basketball with (fake names) Bradley and Kevin (Both 14M). I didn't play as I'm not a ball player. We got into my car and drove up the street to my friends house.  I parked my car and we sat in the car for a second. Kevin and Bradley  threw some juice pouches that they had at me for fun. I had no problem of it. I chased Bradley, while my friend and Kevin where in the car still. He knows how to drive so I didn't mine. The problem is that he drives recklessly. 

After not catching Bradley, I went back to my car; where I see my friend in the driver seat. I chase him to get out the car. He speeds down the road where I see a lady walking her dog. I yell "stop!" because I don't want anything to happen. Skipping over a lot of details, we all went back into his house; played the game as usual.

10 minutes in, I'm about to leave because it's about to rain hard. Me and my friend walked to the door thinking its his mom. It's the same lady and her son, who we never seen. She explains how dangerous it was as we could've hit her, the neighbors smaller kids, etc. I agree and give my apologies for everything, and that it won't happen again. My friend who drove the car played it off as if it wasn't that important to him.

We go back in and I explain why its no longer a joke. Both younger boys are in their basically saying "oh wow, Karen wants to come up here and complain". All three laugh, I didn't. In fact, I told them why it wasn't funny. My friend said that he wasn't listening to me, but heard everything that the lady say. I knew he didn't care; just covering his own ass while cracking jokes with the younger boys. I tell them all to grow up and leave. As I leave, I hear them laughing and basically mocking me. In great frustration of my much older friend who should have some responsibility. Especially at 18.

Am I overreacting? I really don't know, and I don't want to talk to him for some time because