I just found out the worst news of my life I’ll start off by saying I’m a 13 year old female.

So I had this friend for years, almost going on 4 years. They’ve been one of my bestest friends ever. They were so kind, caring, they really were great. Today I got a text earlier from them saying that they are gonna kill themselves, I’ve always been the one to help them, they made me want to become a psychologist so I tried my usual, then I tried even harder, and harder, by then I’ve tried everything to convince them that there is a way out, but they didn’t listen. Now they blocked me, and I’m assuming they died by now of overdose. Just saying that doesn’t feel real, none of this feels real, I feel like I’m in a horrible dream but no matter what I can’t wake up, I just can’t!! 

They inspired me to do so much, they meant so much to me, truly they did.
But now they’re dead, they died hating my guts, they died thinking there wasn’t a way out, they died thinking no one would care, but I care and I care so much I’ve just decided to quit doing the things they inspired me to do.
I’m just gonna quit art for god knows how long, I’m never gonna become a psychologist (I’ve helped so many people and this was the first person who just ended it, ended it all) 

I don’t even know what I’m gonna do with my life, I thought last weekend life was gonna go uphill from here, but it just plummeted. 

I just want to die honestly, I can’t stand death and I don’t know what I’m gonna do from here. I won’t kill myself because I don’t want to put my girlfriend through the things my friend has put me through, honestly she’s probably worried sick because I haven’t messaged her since before I just balled my eyes out, I cried, and cried, and I’m crying while writing this. 

If you’re wondering, I can’t do anything to help, we were only online friends so I never found out their address, I tried to search for their school but no luck. I just hope they are okay and not dead but they probably are dead.

I just needed a place to type my feelings out in.

This is also a wake up call to anyone, please don’t kill yourselves, people will care and it will damage their lives for ever. You mean a lot to someone, please don’t forget that