My poor body image (f) Warning: eating disorder mention




I don’t know why I’m even posting this, but I wanted to vent and see if anyone would actually listen or have some advice for me, and maybe it will be comforting for others to read if they are going through what I am.

I have always had a negative view of my body and face, since I was twelve, and I am now sixteen.

I have also always been considered skinny or lanky, not only by myself but practically everyone. I have thin arms and tiny wrists (which people comment on a lot). My shoulders are wider than my hips, and I barely even have hips, because I have hip dips and not very much thigh fat. Plus, it’s just my bone structure, so there’s nothing I can do about this. I don’t have “curves” anywhere, except for my waist, and they aren’t even prominent. It’s only because all of the weight I even put on goes straight to my stomach.

I think everyone is beautiful for so many reasons, but I am just not happy with my own body because it’s not what I want for myself.

I want to be able to live my life without being called anorexic (even though I’m not, I’m at a normal weight for my height; I don’t even have an eating disorder), and without being told that I look like I do drugs or something. I’m not often teased, but when I am, it’s about my body. How lanky and disproportionate I look, how “prepubescent” I look.
How huge my hands appear compared to my stick arms. 

I am not even the skinniest person in the world. In fact, I would consider myself “average” or on the thinner side of average and I am just that. I don’t feel special. I never have and I don’t know if I ever will, because there is nothing special about me. I don’t understand how I am attractive at all. I wish I could be physically attractive. 

Everywhere I look, I am practically told that my body type is not special. That I’m practically like a warped plank of wood. It’s not desirable, and even if it is, only creepy old guys would be into it (you know exactly what I mean). 

I’m going to delete this eventually, I’m sure, but I needed to get it out. This has been bothering me for YEARS, and any time I try to talk to someone about how I feel so ugly, I am shot down and told to stop saying such things. I just don’t know what to do now. 


And please, no jokey comments that are aimed towards what I’ve said if you can help it, that’s the only way I know how to describe my experiences.