To my (now ex) best friend So, I have lost my best friend yesterday, that feels nice ig. After a year of friendship it's over and it wasn't even on good terms. So ngl I wanna kill myself lol. 

She was the only person I actually ranted to and who helped me but now I don't have anyone again, maybe she'll read this, maybe she won't, but If she does I wanted to say that I'll always miss her and her friendship. I'll always appreciate everything she did for me and I'll never forget her. If we get in contact again or not I want her to meet someone new and be happy. 

Remi if you read this, the ss he (u know who I'm taking abt) sent u was with 0 context and 0 background info whatsoever and it was literally me complimenting a friend of mine just like literally every single other person in her comment sections. Idk if you'll want to try again, if yes then we can do so, if no then I wish you the best of luck. I hope you find someone who'll treat you like you deserve, giving you all the love and happiness in the world

I know and understand I made mistakes in some messages, I understand and acknowledge that and I'm sorry. I also understand u had trust issues for me. But I want u to know that u were my favorite person and I didn't want anyone else in my future than u, but from yesterday's argument I guess that won't b. I hope you find someone so much better than me. U deserve so much better remi. You geniuenly do.

I acknowledge my mistakes and I deeply regret them. I only told you to leave yesterday because I was fed up with the argument not because I really wanted you to leave. I didn't want that. I never wanted you to leave. I just, meant that if you don't wanna be friends anymore, I won't force you to be friends with me longer.

I love you and I hope you get over me soon and find someone better like you deserve. Someone who'll give you all the happiness and love and safety i failed to give you. I know u probably miss me, I miss you too, but I think you'll be better off without me, and I am the reason why I say this, I and the way i acted are the reason why I'm saying this. It's not your fault that I've been a piece of shit.

I regret it. But as I said, I think you'd be better off without me and finding someone better. I'm not irreplaceable. U said I am but im not. I'm about as easy to replace as anyone else. I hope you find someone good asap and manage to forget me and the way i treated you. I'm not the best, in fact Im a piece of shit and never deserve you. Again I love you and I wish you the best of luck finding someone who actually deserves you unlike me