I have a question about this girl in my class i like this girl in my class, I never confessed to anyone in the past out of fear of humiliation (in the end I found out from a friend she liked someone else anyway), but some other guy seems to like her too, but problem is me and her don't know each other that well and we only have 2 classes together, and soon we'll all be switching to another set of periods and idk if she even will be in any of mine, but I don't want to miss my shot. If you are curious what she looks like, she is very tall (I am short, she is considerably taller than me) always wears platform shoes which make her even taller, and has long pink hair and is half asian from what I can tell from how she looks. She seems to be kind of quiet, and she reads manga and likes anime (i don't watch anime or read manga) and she is always wearing some anime outfit with the red ribbon and the blue skirt and white top half the time, so she clearly quite likes anime. The other kid isn't as tall as her, but still tall. A talkative guy with freckles and blonde curly hair. Anwyay after the end of 6th period as we were all leaving I saw him nervously walk up to her and say "what are you doing after school today?" she was ether uninterested or the sun was in her eyes, since she looked away and sort of squinted, and I couldn't hear what she said back, and we were all wearing masks so I couldn't tell what she said. anyway idk what to do, I am on spring break so that gives me plenty of time, also there is this other girl (also taller than me, I am pretty short) who complemented me a week or two ago on my shirt, which I wear all the fucking time now, and every time we do cricket for pe she always picks me as her partner even though I suck. She has short brown curly hair, always wear a yellow jacket, and always wears those half shirts that show the stomach; Idk if she likes me or wants to be my friend, but I am wearing that shirt for the rest of my life. Anyway, what do I do here? I am around the end of middle school, and thought it was too early to get a girlfriend, but I see lots of couples and I frequently hear kids talking about getting a boyfriend/girlfriend. Anyway, what is my move here? Do I do a usual [u/noiamnotabanana](https://www.reddit.com/u/noiamnotabanana/) and do nothing at all, do I try to get to know very tall girl with pink hair, or get to know other tall girl from pe?