I think striving for total equality is gonna destroy us as our own people. Think of it this way. Let's say that I'm better than you at video games. So you work hard to be better than me. I do the same, and the process repeats over and over. We will never be equal because one will always be better than the other, even if they're slightly better.

"But Neanderthal, what about men and women?! They're equal aren't they?" A fair point, but again, no, no they're not. Men can't give birth, and women can't start the process and deliver a healthy baby. Men and women need each other because we aren't equal, and not just for the reproduction process. Women are (stereotypically) more cautious and strive to plan for the future, while men are (again, stereotypically) more reckless and like to think on the spot. This technically means that most women have more common sense, but on the other hand, most men are meant to be stronger. There is no equality between genders because they're two different pieces of a giant puzzle, striving for total equality will make this a lot worse for both genders.

"What about equality between races?!" Nonexistent. Those with darker skin adapted to be more resistant to the sun, thus they can stay out longer, making them better in their own ways. No one is equal, we all have unique skillsets based on where we come from, who our parents were, and what we decide to do with those skills. It is true that not all races may be treated the same in a lot of situations, but facing hardships will determine who you really are, and how you handle those situations. 

I'm not saying to be racist, or sexist, but stop trying to strive for the wrong type of justice. Men will never be treated the same as women, and the same applies to people of different races. It's just how we are. What I'm getting at, is for people to stop trying to fix problems that were never ours to fix. No amount of protesting, rioting, of massacres will ever completely erase discrimination from the world. If anything, violence is making it worse. 

Even if it does work, what then? You'll be the exact same as your neighbor. Why? Because you are now totally equal with the rest of the world. You all have the same skillset, treated the same as everyone else, and you can never stray from that path unless you want others to ridicule you. You'll lose what it means to be unique, what it means to be you. 

I, for example, always came off as incredibly condescending as a kid. I wanted to fix that, but I couldn't, because it was who I was. Instead, it did more damage, because now I can't talk to anyone that I don't know unless I have to. Even if I do, it's usually just a "Thank you" or a "You're welcome." I shouldn't have tried to fix my problem, because now I've done more damage to myself than I originally thought. To put it bluntly, I silenced myself by trying to make sure my time of voice was equal to others.

Get it?