I didnt think that I could have ever seen every side of me through multiple characters in 1 movje. I just watched the movie 'its kinda a funny story' and I legit from the start was so damn shocked when almost everything I saw was almost copy pasted from my life into the movie. The dream from the main character at the start where he dreamed of suicide was almost exactly like a dream of mine about suicide. The way his parents and sibling acted there was almost exactly like my life. His character is almost exactly like me. 

When he's in the phsyc ward he acted almost exactly like I would, him discovering talents was extremely similar to me (mine of course didn't happen in a phsyc ward and wasn't drawing and singing, mine was at a friend's house video games and at school drums). 

The Noelle girl from the movie was my side of severe depression and when I used to cut myself and anxiety. The Bobby dude was my side when I mentally break specifically when in the movie he starts to scream into a couch cushion and throw stuff around. The Humble dude was my naive and unsociable side, where I act wrong and irrational or stupidly in social situations. The Egyptian dude from the movie is my side of fear, and how he is afraid of outside the room is like how I am scared to go back into the kind of dating/love life scene (context: fell really hard for a girl from school, she died before we went to college together and I'm scared the next person I get feelings for will also die and I'll have to relive the pain). 

When j tell you I almost cried when j realised these things, I had that choking feeling in my throat already, and I was an inch away from weeping on the spot. Never before has a movie made me look at myself in that way in my life.

I've been suicidal, I've tried 3 times, and seriously contemplated it on my 16th birthday. When I was watching the ending of that movie, I got so damn.... I can't even think of a word for this. When I've just basically relived all the traumatic things in my life and now j see that because I'm still alive j can be happy, but I just got my emotional ass handed to me, so I'm sad as hell and feeling good at once. 

Once again the movie is called 'its kinda a funny story' for those interested.