Boy do I have a story to tell y'all Ok, so my mom thought that I didn't have a lot of friends bc of the pandemic so she signed me up for this random zoom class for teens to talk to each other. The ''teacher'' of the class is a school therapist so she initiates the conversation in the beginning and keeps track of time. 

The first class was today. I join the zoom and see that there are only 4 other students in the class. I don't remember their names so I'll try to describe them. There was a Tan boy, an African American boy, a Caucasian girl with a bob, and a Caucasian girl with a pixie cut and blue tips. 

So the hangout starts and we talk about random things, everyone asks me a lot of questions since I'm new but I don't mind the attention :) I appreciate a lot that they included me bc usually when I join a new class they all go and talk about inside jokes and are super clicky. 

About 15 minutes into the call the teacher says to tan boy ''do you want to take your 5 minutes?''. She explains to me that tan boy really really likes trains so they give tan boy 5 minutes to talk about trains since he doesn't like to talk about anything else. I underestimated how much tan boy likes trains bc he starts streaming himself playing a train game while talking about trains and playing train sounds. We all listen for 5 minutes until the teacher says that his time has passed. he stays for 15 more minutes in the call silently then leaves. The only time he talked was about the trains during his 5 minutes. When he leaves girl with a bob explains to me that they had to limit his train talk to 5 minutes bc before they did he would go on and on about trains for the full hour and no one else could talk about anything else. 

Then the teacher asks African American boy if he wants to play a song for us today, he says yes. He's already at his keyboard and he plays an upbeat discoy song. He had changed some of the keys on his keyboard to play little catchphrases instead of notes so it sounded like a DJ. 

I could tell that girl with a bob had a few social issues but that doesn't matter. she was really sweet and outgoing :)

We keep chatting about random things and I talk to blue pixie cut girl a lot. She likes the same music as me and I think her personality is really neat. I've been looking for some friends that are girls because I'm a girl and all my friends are guys so I thought it would be nice to have someone to relate to. 

The teacher leaves the call because it's been an hour but me and African American boy and blue pixie cut girl stay in the call to chat. African American boy plays music in the background while I and blue pixie cut girl talk. She makes a comment that she's shy because she gets shy talking to pretty girls. I'm like aww thank you :). Then she says that she's gay and asks me if I am. I say thank you but I'm straight. Weirdly this isn't the first time a girl has hit on me and asked me if I was gay lol. Then she asks me if I want to hear the song she wrote and I say yes. It was a romantic song and she replaced the name in the song with my name 😳I'm thinking to myself dang she's really putting on the moves for me XD

Overall I had a really good time. I could really relate to almost all the teens in the class in some way. The teacher brought up the topic of anxiety which is something I deal with and it turns out all of them do too. The group was so charming in a socially dysfunctional way :) They have planned a virtual prom and I'm very excited about it!

Bonus fun fact if you read this far: I accidentally burned myself with a curling wand today while doing  my hair and now I have a scar in the shape of an egg 🥚