I hate the lack of sex ed here [long post] For context, we're 16 year old girls and we literally take bio classes soooo 🗿 

TL;DR: Friend doesn't know jack shit what the act of having sex actually is, and i just feel sad.


Basically a few weeks ago at school, somehow the topic of the word "hump" (weird ik lmao) came in a convo between me and a few friends. One of my friends (let's call her N) just thought humping was simply going on top of a person? She said smtg about seeing dogs just go on top of each other and think that's JUST humping, , , going on top of someone.

 I had to explain that they WERE having sex and it's not just ,, , t h a t. Then the topic of people having sex and she literally doesnt know how THAT works, , , like bruh how do you not??? We already learned about genitalia, contraception, fertilisation and pregnancies when we were 13, and we're going to learn it again this year.

Ok if you're a sheltered 13 year old, I get not knowing any better but 16?? Bruhh 


A  i  g  h t  so I also tried to explain sex in, , ,the most pg 13 way for her sake but it was also very awkward and I didn't really finish it but oh well.

There was this one part that kinda has me baffled, ,  ,, SHE DIDN'T KNOW YOU'RE SUPPOSED TO STICK A DICK, , , IN YOUR VAGINA?? H U  H??? She literally said "EW!" when I asked "How the heck does the sperm get into the cervix then?" Then it her her, , oof.

 B U  T she also thought that once the dude sticks his fuckin cock in, the damned jizz immediately comes out?? 👁️👄👁️👄👁️👁️👄👁️?? H o w do you not k n o w. 

Yes, , ,i tried to explain that's definitely now how it works. Unfortunately idk how am i supposed to explain this in a school setting around guys so idfk and awkwardly ended the convo about it. It's mostly because she doesn't know what sexual arousal is!! Well shit!!

I honestly feel bad for her like, , what if she stayed with the same mindset until she went to college?? That'll be so embarrassing.
I mean honestly, I learnt about sex through ungodly ads and vids and wikipedia articles when I was a kid. (I knew how to get around firewalls, somehow) Other than that, my parents just assumed teachers would just explain it at school lmao. Never really had a convo about the birds and the bees with my parents. Well, my mom gave me a book about puberty when I was 8, , ,that was at least something.

I know her parents definitely sheltered her from such content when she was younger, which is understandable! IMO there's a point where you definitely have to explain about sex to your children, whether they know already or not. Sure, it must be very awkward, but at least you know a thing or two, y'know?

 Granted, she said her parents told her that she's too young to shave. Welp ¯\_(ツ)_/¯