Depression waves? I've been trying to pin point my exact depression waves lately and thought deep about this. Just now using memories not related to the depression waves, I pinpointed the exact time they all happened.

June or July 2017, it lasted less then 24 hours

November 2017, it lasted I believe 3 days

February 2018, it lasted  5 days

April 2018, it lasted 3 days

I'm not sure about this one but I know I'm missing one, so it has to be this one: in beginning-mid of 2019... I don't remember exactly. But I believe it lasted over a week or maybe even two weeks with sucidal thoughts towards the beginning-end (no, I am not sucidal, nor do i attempt to do it)

And recently June 28-July 28. It started out with me loosing most of my interests over the next week period. Unlike my other waves which I immidatly lost all interests. And around July 12-27 was the worst I ever had imo. 

Now it back since a week, but it's not as bad. I still have interests and all, I just feel sad deep inside cause I'm lonely irl. And that's been the cause of my problems ever since, due to loneliness. Only this time the sucidal thoughts are there but not as much (again, I am not sucidal, nor do i attempt to do it). I have even considered self-harm to help deal with the emotional pain but I'm strong enough not to and just suffer the wave out like the other years. Considering this year I have online friends it's easier as I sometimes feel less lonely but is still difficult. I know how to cope with it and I have considered an online therapist. But I've done my research on these topics as I support others. Professionals just won't be able to help. What I have tho isn't depression yet. It's minor or as I often reffer to it as "semi-depression". I know I'll make it through this one as I've made it through the others with no support whatsoever. Even now i don't rely on a support. But I do have questions tho? Why is this happening like waves? Why is it means, like is it supposed to mean something? Or the one thing I don't understand is, how the hell am I strong enough to tackle it on my own without any help from anyone??? Idk.. this sounds more like a rant rn...