UPDATE: Me [15M] and my Pregnant Girlfriend [15F] have Told our Parents, and she is going to keep the baby, we are also staying together. [Original Post](https://www.reddit.com/r/teenagers/comments/l9886r/unwanted_pregnancy_and_i_have_no_idea_what_to_do/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;utm_name=iossmf)

A lot has happened in the day and a half since my original post, my life has changed so much and I would like to say thank you to everyone who has given me any advice and help throughout this whole ordeal. 

That said:

A few hours after my original post, me and my girlfriend decided to tell her parents, we met at her house in person, and talked everything through. They were far more understanding and helpful than I could have hoped for. They informed my girlfriend of all of her options and what each option entails. Ultimately she has chosen to keep the baby as her own, I respect her right to choose and we worked from there.

Soon after, I went home to tell my parents and have them meet with my girlfriends parents so that we could work out a plan. I told my parents without anyone around and that was perhaps the biggest mistake I’ve made throughout all of this. I don’t feel comfortable explaining what my father did, but I’m just glad I’m past it. Of course my parents were furious, I wasn’t even supposed to have a girlfriend. But they agreed to meet with my girlfriends parents later that day.

Big Discussion between the adults, me, and my girlfriend:

My parents unfortunately didn’t fully regain their composure, and shortly into talking they started yelling. Me and my girlfriend went up to her room until they were done screaming at each other about what we had done. When we came back down they were ready to give us two options since my girlfriend wanted to keep the baby.

Option One: stay at my current house helping out my girlfriend when she needs it and mostly staying out of the child’s life. My parents would give what little they have to support the child and my girlfriend. 

Option Two: since my parents have always wanted to travel the world once I’m 18 and gone, they decided that they would be willing to sell our house. The money from the house would allow them to go travel the world like they’ve always wanted, and to provide more financial support for my girlfriend, her parents, and our child. Since my parents would be gone for months, and there’s no house for me to stay at, I would stay at my girlfriends house and live with her, helping with the child and anything else I can.

Our decision: just about everyone involved agreed that option two is better for everyone, especially the baby. I will spend the rest of high school living with my girlfriend and her parents now. Additionally, going through all of this and really thinking about what I want and need in life, I have found stronger feelings for my girlfriend than I ever thought I had. We both love each other a lot, I know that teen romance almost never lasts, but I really want to try for myself, the baby, and for her. 

Shortly after the decision was made, my parents went home to start packing and informing my sister (in college). I spent the night at my girlfriends house and her parents gave me the rundown of exactly what they expect and want from me if I am going to be living with them. Ever since we have discussed the pregnancy both of our parents have been treating us like adults and respecting our decisions. While this is a very new feeling, it’s very overwhelming. I have my basic chores around the house and average household expectations. Since me and my girlfriend are staying together, her parents are allowing us to sleep together in her room. Additionally, they talked to us about a healthy sexual relationship, stating that they support our decision to have sex as long as we do it safely, and aren’t loud or weird about it.

For the past 8 or so hours, I have been cooking dinner, cleaning, and helping my girlfriend whenever I can, through comforting her or getting her anything she needs. I know that her hormones are absolutely crazy right now, and I can see it first hand. Her emotions change rapidly and I’ve tried to help her as much as I can, whether it be a crying shoulder, some alone time, or even cheering her up. I noticed very early on that she gets far more horny than normal, I don’t know if I feel comfortable having sex with her if she’s in such distress, but she really wants it and I think it would help calm her down. Her parents agreed that if she thinks she is ready to safely and maturely have sex, then they approve.

I haven’t slept in almost two days and I’m exhausted. I promised my girlfriend I’d be right here for her if she needs anything while she sleeps, she has been having a lot of trouble sleeping and can’t control her emotions. I’ve spent the night staying by her side and studying when I have the time. Unfortunately I have finals later today and I don’t think either of us are in the mental state to take such an important test. I’m far too tired and know that I need to stay awake for most of today. I haven’t been able to have any alone time all day I just want to break down and cry, there’s so much going on, but I know that I need to stay strong and help as much as I can. 

My girlfriends parents both work very long jobs throughout the day, they are spending any extra free time they have finding counselors, therapists, and solutions to our problem with school and the baby. I know that I must be the one to take care of my girlfriend and cook, and clean, but I’m so tired and just want to burst into tears. Everything changed so fast and I’m not fully ready.

None of us have figured out what to do about school for me and my girlfriend yet. As I said, her parents are working when they can to find the best solutions for us, if anybody has any suggestions on education systems that would work the best for me and my girlfriends situation please let me know. I’ve worked very very hard in school to attempt to get into a nice law school but I don’t think that will happen now that I have a child and far too many responsibilities. My grades are going to go under and I know it, I just need more time, I can’t find enough time to sleep, study, and actually take my finals. I haven’t ever drank any energy drinks before, but I drank one this morning to keep myself awake. 

I can’t fully think right now, but feel free to ask anything if I left something important out. I’m still very knew to this whole dealing with her pregnancy thing as well, if you have any advice on how to help my girlfriend relieve stress, control her emotions, or just generally help , things like massages, food, drinks, encouragement, anything that can help even the slightest is welcome. 

I know that we’re both still very young, but any advice on how to better live with each other and grow a stronger relationship would be greatly appreciated.



Thank you to anyone and everyone that has taken the time to read through this big mess and provide me with any advice or help. My whole life has changed in a direction I never could have imagined.

Please remember that any and all advice helps!