Should I move out? I’m 18 years old and starting university next month. I’m currently planning to commute around an hour there and an hour back daily, but I’m thinking of moving out now.

My parents have become complete assholes since I hit 18. I’ve never been caught doing anything super stupid or even typical teenager shit like smoking pot. They have no reason to be suspicious of me. They tell me I shouldn’t go out with friends I’ve made in the past few months because “they might be bad people”. I don’t need you to judge people for me, I can do it my fucking self. I have a curfew of 9PM which is obviously pathetic and they try to guilt me be sarcastically saying things like “you turned 18 and now you want to act like a grown man?”. “You’ve changed” is another favourite of theirs, as if they expected me to never grow beyond the fragile pre-teen they took advantage of.

I literally am an adult so please just leave me the fuck alone.

We don’t have the best relationship but I don’t know whether I should move out because I don’t want to damage our relationship beyond how damaged it already is.

I could pack up my stuff and leave tomorrow without saying anything, but I’m very afraid of ruining any relationship we still have left. Just to add to this, they’ve stopped me from taking a student loan for living costs (I’m taking the minimum without them knowing which is literally only 3k a year and not enough to live on) because anything above the amount I’m going to get needs proof of their financial information and I can’t get that without them knowing. They’ve promised me that they are going to support me themselves and give me whatever money I need, but I’m realising now that it’s probably a ploy to have me under their control since if I can’t live without their money I wouldn’t be able to leave them and they would have more control over my life in general. 

I know that I would be 1000x happier if I moved out, but I don’t know if I have the balls to do it. I don’t know how anybody here can help me but I just needed this out there.