My great uncle turned 90. His granddaughter wanted to do something special for him so she contacted all distant family to get them all to record a video. A video of the family members singing happy birthday.

Of course, we said yes, and waited for my father to get home for the recording. While waiting, I learnt Happy Birthday on the piano, so that we could add that bit of extra effort in.

My dad gets home, we all stand in front of the piano and get ready. My mom and dad have a bit of a scuffle trying to figure out how it would work, would I play a note to let them know when to start singing? Would we count down? Would we count down in our heads when we hit record?

My mom gets flustered for some reason, and starts angrily saying that I'd add a segment to the beginning of the song as an "opening". I told her that I don't know how to do that.

Silence.

My dad then simply says "I'm just gonna hit play and we're gonna do it"

Before my mom can protest, the recording has started. I count down from three, and start playing. My family misses the first couple words, and then join in a bit late. We finish.

My mom isn't happy that my dad just jumped in and started recording, so they start fighting somehow. She gets to asking him if he really wants to do this, and he replies with a raised voice that she's made him not want to anymore. He asks her, incredulous, how she's so stressed and uptight about singing a song. 

She gets offended, and starts calling him out on things he's done recently (or something, I find it near impossible to follow my mom sometimes). 

He just shakes his head, and starts another recording. I'm not prepared, so I look down at the sheet music, forget to count for them, and then we're even more messed up than before. My mother is furious, and grabs his phone to look at the recording. She makes a comment about how she looks like a pig, and we need to figure out how to change the lighting to make her look better.

My father is done now, and starts walking away, and my mom just doesn't know what to do. She talks about setting up candles, but I quickly tell her that I don't want that stuff on my piano and sheet music.

The family disperses, and what was supposed to be a fun moment turned into a week of tension between my parents, and a lot of unhappiness and snark. I think they have a gift for finding the absolute worst in each other, and nothing else