i think i am going to genuinely kill myself soon i have borderline personality disorder. it is considered to be the most or one of the most painful mental illness. add that to my depression my ptsd my anxiety. i am a mess. i am a wreck. so many people have left me this year. so many best friends. i feel empty yet weighed down when im crying with my chest heaving . i have lost so many people. i met someone who made me really really happy after i felt hopeless and alone and i met him only days after i lost all my friends. i only knew him for a few months but he took the loneliness away. i am pitiful. miserable without him . the few people i still have left to talk to tell me he will come back but he wont . its been 28 days and i have spent every single one of those in agony . i panic and lash out at the people i care for if i sense they are going to leave me . i fuck shit up . i just want everything to go back to how it was . he was so cold when he responded a day later . i thought we were best friends. i treated him better than i treated my other friends. he would say he was lonely and i asked him to play game with me he would just reject the offer. he talked about other people, people who he would rather have as friends, and it made me upset. i am never good enough. i cant stop dreaming about him. i cant stop thinking about him. i feel like nothing. maybe he did not take our friendship as seriously as i did. sometimes he could be moody and even mean. but it never made me care for him less.

despite people trying to romanticize borderline personality disorder it is the devil and i would not wish it on anyone. the constant pain i am in every single day of my life is amplified by my inability to have stable friendships and relationships. i lose everyone i love and i will continue to lose everyone i love. sometimes i get so angry or manic i blurt out horrible shit i dont mean. this makes them hate me. i lie in bed all day crying and blaring music to distract me while i obsessively stalk the social medias of my ex friends.

i miss him. its a codependency. he does not care about my hurt. but i wish he did.

i would tolerate, even forgive, any cruelty he threw my way if he would just be my friend again

im tired