Don’t mind me just ranting about some stuff. Not safe for the easily offended left winger. Ok. I’ll start this off by saying that I in no way am a racist. Not. At. All. I believe that EVERY life matters, born or unborn. And I’ll say it upfront I’m pretty much your average republican. Pro life pro gun pro police the works. So if that offends you then move on to the next post cause you’re in for a doozy. My parents raised me to be a free thinker. And I’ve done just that. I have taken fact and logic and formed opinions. Therefore, my views can be swayed using ONLY facts and logic. On to the point. 
I just saw a post saying that blue lives don’t matter because a blue life isnt a thing but a black life is. Saying that a blue life is a career choice but you can’t choose to be black. And yes. Black lives matter. But so do white ones. So do Asian ones. Korean. Mexican. Spanish. Name the nationality, their life matters. But here’s what ticks me off. 
People take one bad experience and crucify the lot of the group for it. One shooting and suddenly all guns are bad. Yes. Shooting are awful and should never happen but the only thing stopping a bad guy with a gun is a good guy with a gun. So there’s that. 
And I really hate the hate I see being thrown at our nations cops. And I’m not saying that all cops are saints. Or that racism doesn’t exist anymore. I’m saying that we don’t need change to the system as much as people say we do. I’m saying that the ones calling door CHANGE, don’t want CHANGE. They want CONTROL. The same thing happened to the military way back when. People were hating and spitting on soldiers coming home from hellholes in Korea and Vietnam. It’s nothing new. But it sickens me. I hate it. “Just turn off your computer you right wing racist” no you have the right to disagree with me. But the moment somebody tries to take my rights because another abused them, we will have a problem. 
Guys please understand that I don’t know everything and I know that. But facts and logic have basically gone out the window when it comes to the left, and if you’re TRULY open minded you’d see that. So all I ask is if you’re going to crucify me, use facts and logic from your own research not CNN articles. 


Anyways sorry about that just wanted to get that off my chest.