We’ve been using the same shitty education system for 150 years now It should come as no surprise that when you google “school makes me,” it comes up with depressed, anxious, angry, etc. And that’s because the system is designed for people who work in factories, that are constantly told what to do, when to do, and how to do said task. Society now requires more creative individuals, such as entrepreneurs. Speaking of those people, almost all of them dropped out of school, bill gates dropped out and is now one of the most financially successful men on the planet, and it’s because he realized that the American education system is... shit. Entrepreneurs don’t sit around and work until the bell so they can work on something else, they make their own schedule, control their lives, even high school doesn’t set you up for that. Another issue is what we learn. The infamous mitochondria is the powerhouse of the cell is probably the best example. No one but a specific group gives a rat’s ass about that, everyone should learn basic first aid, or the human rights, how to afford a home, how to vote, pay taxes... but instead we learn about the anatomy of a fucking leaf. Another issue is personal, my incentive. I don’t feel obligated to copy and paste shit into a math formula that’s handed to you on a silver platter, I don’t want to write an essay that needs to have x y z and this many words, I don’t want to copy paste in science and English. See the pattern? It’s linear, which is a terrible way to set you up for life. It’s never, “here’s the worksheet, and how to get the answers,” it’s, “here’s the worksheet and the answers.” I don’t care if I get an f for that. Grades aren’t important, they’re a means to an end in a way, but it’s the obvious solution, which is rarely the best solution. I can get an f in a class that required me to just google the answers, but to what seems like anyone but me, that letter is the end all be all. It shows I don’t care, and that’s true, I want to show people I don’t think their assignments are worth my time. If it fucks up my life, that’s my fault, if it doesn’t, I guess I proved my point then. Unfortunately, due to popular opinion, mine doesn’t matter. Kids have always felt this way, but adults don’t seem to notice how shitty this is, but slowly, it’s been seeping out to older people. I hope one day we learn to read at 8 years old, I hope we can learn something that actually helps us in the real world, I hope we get more breaks, less homework. If you haven’t noticed, I’m talking about Finland. Their education system is far superior. However, I understand I can’t change the whole system in a snap, it takes time, and effort. But no one seems to put fourth any effort in the first place. So what did we learn? Well, probably nothing, but I needed to get this out because I genuinely believe this is the reason I feel any stress whatsoever. It’s not the video games, not Reddit, it’s school. I find more value in things that objectively aren’t as important as school. But subjectively? Well I find more value in a fucking video game than school, so yeah please fix it.