Genshin impact review Genshin describes itself as an open world multiplayer RPG, now all of those technically true but the game falls short on delivering them. 

First off the open world. The world is technically but you realise after being in the game for a bit that you are stuck in a small area until you progress and even in that area there are more barriers that wont allow you to go into certain places until later in the game. This is suffocating as the best part of the game is undoubtedly the exploring but they blue ball you into staying in your area to try to get you to play more of this game.

The multiplayer of this game is hot garbage. First you have to make your way through this game until adventure rank 16 and then you join a game. You and your friend can fill up the party with your people but only up to 4, after this you think you'd be able to play the game like normal but with your friend but actually you cant as most NPCs you cant talk to in multiplayer. Then because of that you and your friend explore around but look at that you cant do much as you are in someone elses world. The multiplayer has all of this stuff that makes it so to play the game with your friend they have to leave every few minutes. 

Now I dont have much problem with the RPG parts but they messed up a bunch of minor things that add up as you play so I'm going to make a list.

1. Clunky map

2. Getting stuck on geometry 

3. Incentivizing fast travel through the clunk map

4. Paimon

5. Adventure rank requirements

6. Messed up voice lines.

Now all of these may seem minor but they are a normal part of the game and it adds up over time which makes it not fun to play.

The game is really not original, its entire gameplay is Legand of Zelda BotW but anime and done worse. They took all the good parts of the game and made them bad. The only original part of the game is the gacha system which is also just a hassle.

In conclusion the game is a rip off of BotW and makes it bad and anime with so many glitches it makes an assassin creed release look good. 2/7 doo doo garbage.