I need help raising my stepdaughter Please for the love of god, I dont know how to fix this. This is going to be super rambly.
My boyfriend is 35, I am 26, and his oldest daughter is turning 13. She and I had the best relationship starting out. We'd go shopping together, tell each other everything, hung out late at night playing board games, went on walks together, joked around and had fun. She literally told everyone I was her best friend and she was so happy to have me in her life. Recently, her mother started getting insanely jealous so she started to play the pity party game and stepped up her mothering more than usual. Mom cried when daughter mentioned I was her best friend and that she was so lonely and didnt have anyone to talk to. Then she started buying her affection by getting her everything she wants. Let me tell you it worked. I have strict rules, we have 4 other kids together and I cant have clutter in the house and I like things organized. We try to be fair and make them earn things with allowance and keep their spaces clean. They get limited screen time each day so we can have outside time, play time, family time etc. But there are no rules at moms house, they play video games all day, eat garbage, lay in their rooms. This might be falling on deaf ears because I know teens love to do that but I live for family time. And now my stepdaughter resents me because her mom is cooler now and doesnt have rules and doesnt 'make her do anything'. She had a meltdown the other day cause I wanted to sign her up for art classes and she went crying to her mom. I feel like our relationship is completely ruined. The back talk, threatening to tell mom on us for being mean. I want to encourage her to have a voice and tell me when I'm making rules and boundaries too much but she's using it against me by saying EVERYTHING is too much and she would rather be at moms. I dont know how to fix this. We have 4 younger children that look up to her and I feel like I lost my best friend. I thought about posting this in relationship advice but I needed a teenager's perspective because I know things are so hormonal and different than what a parent can perceive them. We've sat down and talked to her, and things are hard to be consistent because we have her every other week. Please tell me what you would like your parents to say to you or what she might be thinking in this situation.