Girl giving me mixed signals Both 17 years old

Aight so basically this gon be a bit of a long story.
So this girl is my ex we dated for 7-8 months in 8th grade and it was like nothing amazing you know just two kids and shit then it ended don't remember why. the year later 9th grade we dated for 2 months but nothing really changed about me or her like we still argued about random shit (this was in like October). 

Then last year 10th grade we started talking and I told her that I was down to try again cause like it seemed like we changed alot both of us and we did then after a date she said she didn't want to Lead me on because she was talking to an ex that said he changed but that didn't work so we  got in the talking stages again about 2 weeks before covid really fucked over and it was going really well but she went to her dads that lives far. And after 2 months of talking and shit she decided to stop talking and say it wasn't going to work out. At this point I'm done like bruh fuck all her shit I'm done being played.

Then this year randomly out of nowhere she starts texting me so I'm like yeah something is up. She asked me if I wanted to be fuck friends with her. (She had just gotten cheated on) I said yes cause I'm stupid and I want to loose my v card . Then after like 2 weeks of trying to set up a time and place she said yeah I still think about him too much sorry.

So I told myself no matter how horny I get I'm never doing anything with her bruh. Fast forward 2 months now she drunk texted me wanting to sleep with me. And you guessed it I said yes but now we were 10 hours away from it happening and she said.( I'm fucking down but I have been talking to some guy for 2 months but like he knows I'm not ready for a relationship, but like id feel bad if we did It) so like rn I'm super lost. Does this girl want to 1 date me 2 fuck me 3 play me 

^^ kinda old but still relevant 
She started flirting with me I think doing shit like giving me her number out of nowhere then saying I should save it with this 😏😏 emoji. I had also tagged her in a tiktok like 8 months ago it was talking about a girl I would simp for. And now she just liked it (the comment ) also I told her that me and a friend went 160 kmh on the high way and she was like (be safe on the roads xx ) so like I'm pretty confident she's hitting on me.
Like id be down to have a relationship with her but I'm scared she would play me again. But like it's not like I chased or anything she started texting me and all. Im just really not sure what to do.