In America, "taboo" subjects become dangers when people aren't educated properly. Yes I'm from Burgerland but I think that kids should be educated on "taboo" subjects more, such as alcohol and sex.

Everyone always loves to avoid the subject of sex and the curriculum in schools basically only allows the teachers to say that abstinence is the only 100% safe route for sex, which really doesn't teach how to have safe sex, resulting in many teen pregnancies. As an example, my grandmother had my mother when she was 17, and my grandmother and grandfather have been separated since before my mother could talk.

Alcohol needs to be taught a lot more as well. In some European countries, they are allowed to drink before they are even technically an adult, and I think that letting them get exposed to it when they have parents to teach them and keep them from drinking too much really helps develop an education, understanding, and respect for alcohol. I personally have an aunt who ruined her relationship with my whole family by drinking excessively and driving and crashing the car with her children in it. To this day I haven't seen her in upwards of 8 years and I feel like she would be better off if she had been better educated on the risks of alcoholism. My uncle (other side of the family) has been in and out of prison for the last 8+ years due to beating up his girlfriend (who he had 2 kids with), doing drugs, and drinking problems. Most of these problems originated from his alcoholism and eventually led to the bigger problems, and though I don't think they could have been completely prevented, they could have at least been lessened had he been warned of the dangers of alcoholism, and had there been better institutions in place to help him deal with his alcoholism than prison. Though I won't completely avoid alcohol as an adult, I have seen firsthand the damage it can cause so I have a healthy respect for it, and I know that there is a time and a place for it.

The society in the U.S. has taught itself that these are "ugly" topics that no one wants to talk about, and it leads to lives being ruined because kids aren't taught enough about these subjects, whether that be teen pregnancies or excessive alcoholism. I know some of you are from Europe and could care less about us dumbass Americans, and I know that even less are actually going to care but I just wanted to put this out there because I'm tired of seeing people ruining their lives because of a poor education on real-life subjects.