My step mom is twisting my words. DISCLAIMER: I suck at spelling. I can't English even though it's my first language, so don't judge my butchery of words.



  I'm not going to get into to much detail. A while ago my step mother found out I still use Snapchat even though she has forbid me from using it, and the argument ended I with me telling her that I didn't feel bad for doing the things that broke her and my father's rules.

PRESENT DAY (or close enough): My step mom got mad at me for supposedly not doing my chores which is, and pardon my French, a whole load of bullshit. Her reasons for suspicion are unfounded but what do I know, I've only been doing them for six years. Goes on by saying if I can't thing of others, then how can she trust me to think of the other people around me while driving. She compared me not doing my chores to reckless driving. Like seriously woman, those are two completely different kinds of responsibility. Now this is where the manipulation of my words comes in. She says, and I QUOTE "you even said yourself that you don't care about anyone in this house anyways." She took my statement from earlier as 'I don't respect you or your rules' which is untrue. But I NEVER ONCE SAID anything about not caring about my family, because my family is most of my entire life. I know my statement is what she's basing that off of because she's already used it against me before, and there isn't anything else I've said that comes even remotely close to it, because I'm terrified of speaking my opinions to my parents. I've gotta say, it hurt a lot to hear her say that, like a punch in the face.


It's not the first time she's done it, but it's the first time it's affected me the way it did. Until recently, I thought my step mom was the best parent I had. I thought I could trust her with certain things, but upon learning about the things she's done to my dad, and to my older sister, I don't know if I could ever trust her again.

Thank you for reading my angry typing.