The Bible is immoral for condoning and encouraging slavery. To start off I totally understand that we are applying today’s moral standards to an ancient text. With that being said the Bible considers itself the “word of God”. I understand there is a spectrum for Christianity and some believers don’t think the Bible is inerrant or even the word of God. This post is directed at fundamentalists.

The Bible has so many passages that directly encourage and endorses slavery. Here are some of the most horrible and morally reprehensible verses that I know of (but there are dozens more).

“However, you may purchase male or female slaves from among the foreigners who live among you.  You may also purchase the children of such resident foreigners, including those who have been born in your land.  You may treat them as your property, passing them on to your children as a permanent inheritance.  You may treat your slaves like this, but the people of Israel, your relatives, must never be treated this way.” (Leviticus 25:44-46 NLT)

I’m sorry but buying and selling humans like livestock is evil. An all knowing God should know better. We are more moral that this evil “God”.

“If you buy a Hebrew slave, he is to serve for only six years.  Set him free in the seventh year, and he will owe you nothing for his freedom.  If he was single when he became your slave and then married afterward, only he will go free in the seventh year.  But if he was married before he became a slave, then his wife will be freed with him.  If his master gave him a wife while he was a slave, and they had sons or daughters, then the man will be free in the seventh year, but his wife and children will still belong to his master.  But the slave may plainly declare, ‘I love my master, my wife, and my children.  I would rather not go free.’  If he does this, his master must present him before God.  Then his master must take him to the door and publicly pierce his ear with an awl.  After that, the slave will belong to his master forever.” (Exodus 21:2-6 NLT)

Ah yes, slavey by keeping somebody’s family hostage. Sounds very John 3:16 of God here...

“When a man strikes his male or female slave with a rod so hard that the slave dies under his hand, he shall be punished.  If, however, the slave survives for a day or two, he is not to be punished, since the slave is his own property.”(Exodus 21:20-21 NAB)

Beating a slave is only ok if they survive the beating? Pure evil here. Again, we are more moral than this God.

“Slaves, obey your earthly masters with deep respect and fear.  Serve them sincerely as you would serve Christ.” (Ephesians 6:5 NLT)

This little gem is for those of you that think it was only the Old Testament that was immoral and outdated. There are dozens of these “obey your master” verses. No you shouldn’t obey your master, you shouldn’t have a master in the first place.

“The servant will be severely punished, for though he knew his duty, he refused to do it.  “But people who are not aware that they are doing wrong will be punished only lightly.  Much is required from those to whom much is given, and much more is required from those to whom much more is given.” (Luke 12:47-48 NLT)

This one is for those of you that think it wasn’t “God” making these evil commands...

To finish my argument. I think it’s totally valid to apply today’s morals to a 2,000 year old text if Christians still use this book to morally bludgeon the rest of the world with. Maybe Christians should take some time to actually read the Bible before telling others how to behave. Considering their holy book literally allows and encourages slavery to continue. So much for being a holy and perfect book. 

—Drops Mic