How do i stop this feeling? Suddenly i feel like the world is standing still. Nothing relevant, funny, intersting, or big is currently happening on my life. Everyday is the same.

Before the pandemic i felt like if my life was going somewhere because I had lots of things to do. I had manny things I wanted to do and I was interested on doing. But now i dont know why or how I dont have interest or motivations to do anything. Before the pandemic i was very up to date with stuff like cartoons, tv show and these kind of stuff. I had life goals and desires, I wanted so bad to buy certain things i saw on the internet. Like toys, useless gadgets, and stuff. They gave me a reason to save and earn money. I never buy those stuff but my desires gave me a motivation on life. Now I dont see why to bother on trying to buy useless stuff.

The last Big spark of motivation i had was when i fell in love of a girl during this lock down. Sadly for me she is 23 and im 15, she lives in united states (arizona) i live in mexico (DF), And the worst part of all she is famous on the internet. At first galnce i tough i had a chance. My father told me that I only need to know her to start. So thats what i tried, I wanted to truly know her so instead of just message her telling her that i want to know her better. So intseat i got a different goal. Because she became famous for animating short stories about her life. I decided to learn to animate, i alredy knew how to draw but i lacked the motivation to do so. But she became my new motivation, to not just draw but also write a decent lore for the animations because she just tells her life. And its enjoyable but in a personal level i preffer cartoonish action drvien fantasy stories. I also took back my piano skills because she also plays piano and i wanted my animations to have some cool soundrackt. So my plan was this, Do a high quality cartoon online, someday colab with her, know her better and try to date her That was until I realized that she alredy has a boyfriend. And how out of my league is she.

Right now im not sure what to do. Im not depressed, Im just bored and unmotivated to do things. I tried to simply enjoy my free time trying to do things I have never done before, like gaming, watch anime, learn about how the our day to day items are made, But still, i feel like im wasting my time and i should do other things that help others or have some financial revenue. But at the same time im not sure what should i do. Perhaps keep my animation. Or try another thing. what do you think