So, my Math Teacher is a Karen My story:

A Teacher of our school is a Karen (Dosnt wear her mask properly, thinks she is being opressed etc.) and ca. a week ago she complained, how u fair she was treated by her colleagues.

I asked her Politely what was wrong and she respondet: "Jeah, Mr. ___ said to me, that he got many complains from this class, and I swear to god, everyone was saying that to me, only Becuase im a woman, dosnt mean I should do everything what is in my contract, its too long and its nearly impossible, I already talked to the Principal and she donsnt see anything wrong about what my colleagues say, Its not possible....(here I stopped listening bc. Her voice is so monotone that you could use it as a Sleep Music) ....I swear, if I hear who that was, I will give them a bad grade and a suspention and extra homework." 

Thats when she sat down after 25 minutes of talking to me and then she began to do her job. I dont even think she got a Teaching License, bc. She is so fucking dumb, one time she litterally said (and I quote)

 Student1: "Excuse me, I dont really understand thi-" 

Teacher:" I dont understand it either, but you got to learn it, becuase we have a Test after Vecation".

 She didnt speak ironically, she said it with full seriusness, after she had stopped talking for a Minute, a Dude from the back of the class (who is a complete idiot but manages to pass every test) 

:"I think were supposed to do it in the wa-"

 Teacher:"Shut up, youre distracting everyone, you get detention" while the Girls (even though we have social distancing) had left their desks and all of them put their maks down to do Tik-Tok dances, on full volume . 

Student2: "But they are pla-"

 Teacher:"I dont care, do your stuff" 

Fast forward a lesson and everyone of them got an A on their test, exept the boys, wich got their Grades fair. (Exept me, bc. I was such a "good listener")

After that, I went to the Principals office with a bunch of signatures from all the boys (I didnt ask the girls since Im shure they will snitch on me) and gave it to the Principal with a Notebook where all the "mistakes" are that she did since she became our teacher. 

I will keep you updated, if she gets fired or not.

And by the way, if you have such an teacher, dont say it to her face, in the best case make a word document and print it out, so the teacher cant see who wrote it of the handwriting.

Have a nice day :)