Never actually introduced myself so here! Hey! I'm Junction/JunctionNinja/XboxLive1239/whatever and I'm 15 and I'm a male from the United Kingdom. 

I have a YouTube channel of around 1.07k subscribers which is amazing to me and something I was reaming of 4 years ago (when I first made my channel). Anyways, I'm a bit of a sweet guy who participates where he can. I get a bit boring because I have so much to share and I've managed to sort it over the years. Either way, I'm a bit "quiet" sometimes because I love so much and I put as much as I can into it. 

I'm interested in the media, theater, game development, programming and gaming. My top three dreams jobs are probably:

\- Theater Lighting (Manager)

\- Voice Actor

\- Game Developer

&amp;#x200B;

I don't really like to call myself popular anywhere (because I'm not) and I go under the radar quite a lot because I don't try and show myself off. I also keep quite a lot of things I do secret (because I don't like sharing too much, even though I shade a lot) and don't brag. 

I'm currently aiming for many goals in life. I have three I've always wanted:

\- Getting a sweet, lovely girlfriend.

\- Starting my own business.

\- Being motivational (to many).

I have tried to start my own small business but it never worked out and I kind of scrapped the idea until I have a bigger budget. A sweet girlfriend to me is one who really cares about me, herself, her family and my family (along with any kids, if we plan on doing so) which is probably my third priority out of the three I listed. 

I wouldn't really call myself a gamer as I don't play many games (because my PC can't run anything, lol) but I am currently saving up for a new GPU (already bought a decent CPU) which I am too excited for. I have an interest in driving games, **SOME** shooter games and most hyper-realistic story games. I've always wanted to make a game to do with a story and I have a nice voice which can go to all sorts of pitches, accents and more (fluently) which would be great. I one day do wish I could participate in voice acting for a movie or similar because it's one of those things I can tick off my bucket list.

&amp;#x200B;

Anyways, thank you for reading (sorry if it's a bit long) and have a great (rest of your) day! Stay happy.