Not sure what to flair this but I (M15) have a friend (F15) dating this girl (F15?) and their relationship is EXTREMELY toxic. So me and this girl are friends over Instagram and have been for a couple months and sometimes we would confide in each other and ask for advice. So like 1 and a half week ago on Wednesday she tells me that her gf has been acting strange and like they’ve been arguing alot recently. She tells me it’s because the gf is like rude and mean to her in public like in large groups of people. Since she’s a friend I’m straight up with her and say “Yo that’s weird, just talk to her and tell her how you feel.” Boom problem solved right? Well that Friday she sends one of those audio clips crying saying like how her gf is being SUPER close to their other lesbian friend like right in front of her. And I’m like “dude wtf?” Because that’s weird. From the way she explained it it didn’t sound like how friends normally act. So my friend alludes to her gf that she’s uncomfortable and to come chill with her since they’re gfs. But she doesn’t comply and is still with their friend kissing, cuddling, and sitting in each other’s laps. So she asks me and is telling me and I’m like “Dude this shit is so toxic u need to cut her out and like break up with her.” Because that’s what any person looking in from the outside would think right? So she’s like ok and this and im trying to make her feel better cause she’s one of my boys and I gotta be there for my friends because this is a heavy thing to happen to someone. Skip to tonight right, she’s chilling with a different friend and I’m chilling with some of my irl boys and it’s all good then she tells me how her gf is getting drunk and kissing this other girl and sending her pictures and videos of it, a total Dick move. So I’m straight up with her and like “Bro that’s bs, that is really fucking toxic like u don’t need her to be walking all over u like this.” Out of curiosity as well I ask “Did she ever explain last weekend?” Because I got to thinking what if this is an abusive relationship and her gf is gaslighting her right? And she leaves me on read which makes me think she’s like mad at me for being straight up. Like am I in the wrong here? And what makes the situation worse is I’m a straight dude and I’m terrified she thinks I’m trying to make moves on her by making her break up with her gf. Which if her gf knows this she might being using that to her advantage in gaslighting her y’know? Idk dude. I like her, she’s a good friend, and I think she deserves MUCH better than some girl who does this fucked up shit to her. Idk what do you guys think? What’s your advice?

TD;LR: I have a friend who is dating this girl and from the stuff I hear from my friend it sounds EXTREMELY toxic and when I’m straight up with her she seems to be upset with me. Any advice guys? Thanks.