Guys I need some advice. I am having some problems with one of my friends. Due to the Covid 19 situation me and my friends made a google hangouts group. There are three main people to this story. Let my other two friends be Nancy and Victoria. So one day Victoria messaged about how she doesn't like the idea of trans people and thought it was stupid. I replied 'Let's agree to disagree' but she insisted on having a  debate. Nancy and I was against what Victoria thought about trans people. Victoria said that she doesn't have to use the correct pronouns for a trans person. So I was against that and told her that we should respect people for who they are. At last she said 'facts don't care about feeling'(quoting Ben Shapiro) but ironically left the debate 'cause she got angry. She left our discord server and didn't reply or post in the group for a long time.The next day after the fight I sent her a email saying 'I am sorry for what happened. You're a valuable friend and I hope we can get back to being close' To which she didn't reply to this day. So Nancy and I decided that she's acting like a bitch and removed her from the group.

After about 2 months she comes with an apology(I personally think it's bs) saying she had problems with "self respect" and distanced herself from people who she didn't act with self respect. She also said that the debate was not the reason she didn't come back. I think the apology is bullshit 'cause she still hung out in a lot of other groups posting memes all day and she usually demands notes without requesting. Her message are like " Need chem notes. Post it in gmail". So I don't think she had any problem with self respect. At the time I thought that I didn't know much about her problem so accepted her apology and added her back to the group.

For the first few days after adding her back Victoria doesn't message much. Then starts asking repeatedly for the 'next class'(online class). She asked so much times it felt like she's spamming. Nancy and I felt like she's using us like a timetable and study guide(she asked notes too). One day when she asked what's the next class' , I posted a picture of the timetable so she can refer to that and will stop spamming. She saw the timetable but after a few minutes she started asking about the next class again. Nancy PMed me to ignore her messages 'cause it was obvious that she's making a joke out of us. So the next day she actually needed notes so asked for it in group and PMed us. I told her to ask Nancy and Nancy just replied 'no'.

The thing is idk wtf is going on with Victoria. We were really good friends for a long time until recently after these incidents. **I need some advice on what to do? Should I kick her out of the group? IDK. I NEED ADVICE ON WHAT TO DO NEXT.**