(I don’t want this embarassing post to become a popular thing, so leave the orange/red be) So I have this bit of a dilemma here:

Last year on Valentine’s Day, I asked my crush out after knowing her for several years, probably much longer than I should’ve (although it was cripplingly obvious I liked her in eighth grade). 

She said that she didn’t see me that way, which was ok. The day after we had a text conversation and I told her I’d be fine soon enough.

Emotionally? I’m doing great and have been ever since then! Getting over her as a crush? Not quite...

Don’t get the wrong idea — it’s great having her as a friend, we tend to text now every 1-2 days and I’ve since been hanging out with her online (anime club, watching her favorite anime with her, minecraft, etc)

But, even so, every time I see her or read a text from her or hear her laugh or sing it feels like I just got hit by Cupid’s arrow. Again and again.

Every time I hear her get on an excited rant about a show she loves or every time I see her laugh from a meme I make, I’m completely and entirely incapable of not smiling. It takes several minutes after her leaving that the magic wears off and I’m back to my normal self (still happy, but in a more realistic/internally relaxed way)

I find that I pray very often that, so long as it doesn’t intrude on her free will, that God pulls some strings to bring us together. 

On one hand, I really want to try my luck again or maybe flirt a little to see how she responds. I know she’s not with anyone because we scheduled to watch her favorite show on the 14th online (and she explicitly said she didn’t have any plans), so it’s tempting.

But that’s the thing: I can’t help but think that if I ask her out again and she’s not into me, she’d think I’ll stay that way after last year. What if that changes the friendship and things become uncomfortable between us? What if that causes her and I to gradually drift apart? 

She’s so sweet and kind and cute, I’d still be happy with her as a friend even if it’s not exactly the relationship I sometimes dream of.

IDK how to end this, I got school tomorrow, but I just had to get things off of my chest.