I FINALLY QUIT PLAYING THE FUCKING GEETAR AND I'M SO FUCKING HAPPYYYYYYYY Sooo I know it might not sound interesting at all, but I finally quit my guitar lessons!! And I'm so so so so happy! I've been playing guitar for 6 years and I suck ass. It was crystal clear that I lacked talent and I hated attending them in the afternoon, but my parents kept telling me that I'm just lazy and I should practice more.  I did. Guess what. I still sucked ass.

 I even took music theory classes (which are mandatory when you're learning to play an instrument) and I didn't understand shit. I couldn't even learn how to read sheet music because the theacher I had the first 4 years just wrote tabs above it and the next teacher I had tried his best to teach me, but I just couldn't understand, so he let me play from online tabs.

 Then my dad bought me an electric guitar. And each time I plugged it into the AMP it sounded like shit, I just couldn't set it right and the cables were total shit. I always looked up to guitarists like Kirk Hammett, Slash, James Hetfield and Brain May and my father wanted me to be like them, but no matter how hard I practiced I just couldn't get it to sound good enough. All I know is Nothing Else Matters.. 

Then I started getting very sad about me bot being able to play like other kids that took the classes. Whenever I plugged my electric guitar in and played something I ended up crying my eyes out. And what also made me feel sad was that I couldn't have long nails (I really want to have natural long pretty nails) because I would sound even worse.

 And this summer it got really bad; I started crying even more often about it and I felt really guilty that I couldn't play what my parents expected me to play (solos, their favourite songs ect.). Eventually I got sick and tired of being sad and dissapointed 24/7 and I told my mom that I didn't want to play guitar anymore. I didn't want to tell it directly to my dad, because he would be wayyy more dissapointed than my mom and seeing him sad would totally crush me. And during the summer I would nag how much stress and sadness it caused me. 

So 2 days ago my mom said that she got a text from my teacher saying if I will be attending guitar classes or if they should let a new student in instead of me. Boi did I not hesitate. I feel so free now.

 Now I can fully focus on my martial arts afternoon classes and my art afternoon classes which I'm very passionate about (especially art, I loooove to draw and paint) and not to be snobby but I think I'm pretty good at. And if you're reading this; thank you for listening to me vent, love you!

 Last but not least I just want to say; be who *you* want to be, not the person other people want you to be