50 reasons why you should not commit suicide 1) everything's going to be okay

2) the fact that a lot of us can relate to you, and understand the problems you're facing

3) the fact that it's painful no matter how you do it

4) you can vent to me (a total stranger) anytime and never be judged

5) you have bothing to feel guilty about

6) we feel your pain too sometimes

7) the fact that if you do it, it never means you solve your problems. Rather it means you run away from your problems all your life, because it's never a solution

8) all the people telling you not to, including me writing this post

9) the fact that even by having hope, you are stronger than most of us

10) you never are a burden to your family and friends, at least you're never a burden to me

11) you are not worthless

12) someone wants to apologize for their past mistakes. Happened to me. My friend died and I never apologized to him, despite being a bit mean to him sometimes. I shall carry that for the rest of my life.

13) the fact that someone most likely misses you now, no matter how highly you doubt it

14) the story you never wrote. For all you know it might be one of the best pieces out there

15) the book you never finished

16) the ability to see, touch and feel in general

17) outliving your enemies

18) the heart someone will give/gave you

19) the time a stranger held the door for you

20) the scent of your favourite candle

21) the fact that male bees are so into cock and balls torture that their dicks explode when they have sex

22) the time you lost your parents in a mall as a kid, the anxiety your parents felt then

23) the roof over your head

24) think of all the beautiful places you haven't visited yet

25) the relatives you don't really know yet

26) the memorable conversation with a friend

27) the fact that the word 'New Hampshire' is an anagram for 'heh, penis warm'

28) the feeling of warm sand between your toes at the beach

29) the sight of black waves of the ocean on a starry night, seen from the shoreline

30) the types of flowers you haven't smelled

31) watching acres of waterlogged rice fields (the view outside my window)

32) the sight of a flock of birds returning to their nests flying by your window on a grey evening (I actually saw a flock of egrets while I was trying to write this! They passed by my window as I looked outside)

33)  the feeling when you stand in the middle of a wheat field

34) the sunset along with all its colours

35) your sleep paralysis demon wanting you to get better

36) the feeling of chrysalism; when you're inside having a cup of hot tea while it's raining outside

37) the sweater or the dress you've been waiting for the right weather to wear

38) the rainy nights

39) the midnight sky, in a quiet place, when all humans are asleep, that certain feeling that is indescribable

40) the euphoric feeling when a stranger's pet walks up to you

41) the cool summer nights where you needed your blanket

42) the weekend/holiday mornings where you want to sleep in

43) the sunrise atop a hill or mountain

44) the song of the crickets at night as you lay in your bed, sleepless

45) the melody of the sea

46) the smell of freshly cut grass

47) the subtle smell of rain, called petrichor

48) that old lady who called you sweetheart

49) reading this far down means you still have hope in you, and that is good

50) me. I love you.

Don't forget to seek professional help. 1-800-273-8255. That's a hotline for that :)