Just needed to write this Didn't know what flair to put, figured this would work

I've reached the point where i can't make up my own decisions anymore, my mom just decides on every fuckin aspect of my life. I'm sorry if my grades are in the mid 60%s, and i don't want to waste 100$ applying to university to get rejected, but is she simply unable to accept the fact that I'm not going to university in september. (as a note she's a poli sci teacher, and my sister's in a big poli sci/law program) and I'm not trying to live up to my sisters level, so i don't know if that makes it worse for me. My parents are divorced, from a year ago, and she just despises my dad, always bringing up how bad "my father did" in university, and how i shouldn't take after him. I'm turning 18 in august, and the legally age for me to be able to make up my own mind and live with who i want is 16, so legally, i'm allowed to leave and go live with my dad, BUT NO, I'M NOT ALLOWED TO. I've got two turtles and some fish that live there, and when i need to feed them while my dads helping my grandmother who lives far north (who i also found out has pancreatic cancer about two months ago, and is still on meds), my mom doesn't let me leave the house, or will drive me there, and I'm not allowed to drive myself either. so that leaves my biking for the hour and a half there and the hour and a half back. Which massively stops my weekends, and now I'm being forced by my mom to go to a private university because she can't stand the fact that I've not applied to any already. It's not that I'm against going to a private university, it's that she wants me to go to a christian university. I won't say i'm incredibly religious, but i'm not atheist, it's just that i'm not deeply invested into religious things.

My plan already is to go to a college, not first term, second term start most likely, or i just work for this year and make some money, so i actually have a basis to work with. But my mom still hates the fact that I'm not a prize student. I've got 3 sisters and no brothers, two of which are top of the line students and are taking after my mom in everything and one who's to young to care. And yea, I'm the only guy, my grandfather died before i was born, and my other grandpa died in 2014, when i was 11. My only older male cousin is about 10 years older than me, and the cousin that's a year younger than me lives across the country (Canada). So my role models have been very limited, i moved from a small town when i was 8, and after i moved i then grew up in, i wont say bad, but worse than what i had previously, conditions. I lost contact with most of my friends from my old town when i moved, this was before everyone had cell phones, and then struggled a lot to make new ones once i moved. I have brought up the request to move back to my old town, where i had friends, but got nowhere with it.

Yes before anyone asks i have contemplated suicide before, and i just didn't because i thought there was more stuff to do with myself. i was always thinking about this stuff through my first years of high school, it was just a reoccurring thought. i was getting beat up and bullied almost every day of class i couldn't bring myself to tell anyone about it, so i just dealt with it the best i could. in hindsight i should've told someone but now its gone to shit anyways. I've always been the "quiet kid" at school, never brought a gun to school though, I'm not american, but i have wished death on some classmates before. I've never figured out why I'm the odd one out of the class, might be because I'm one of the only white kids in the whole school. Teachers wont do shit about it anyways.

My dad's more appreciative, and is looking out for me however, making sure that I'm actually paying attention to the work i have and helping me get through all this, i don't want to go and only live with him, but the way my mom's acting i might.

If anyone's got some advice on what to do it's appreciated. I just needed to get this out, ask question what you want, i'll do my best to answer them all