Regimental Schooling This week for me was going great. I came home Saturday evening after a 5 hour drive South from my home feeling confident after taking my SAT. I had a somewhat relaxed Sunday and finished all the work I had to and prepared for a somewhat busy week. 

However i didn't know that Monday would be probably the worst Monday of my life. 

Of course, Mondays are bad. The feeling of going to work, to school, stating 5 days of &lt;insert something negative&gt;. However a grade came in for me, a 65% on an exam for my AP US History class. To give context on this, I go to a pretty competitive public highschool and I am currently a Junior. We had written an in-class DBQ (a special kind of US History essay format) as a test finishing our unit and as a kind of prep for the AP exam this year. I was kinda cruising at a 89.98, and the next minor assignment would have pushed my grade to a borderline A-, and I was kinda pumped.

The grade came in before my period started, and I guess u could say I was a little shocked. I am not an extremely over-performing top 0.1% student, but I manage to get good grades. As literally everyone else in my class, I took to the group chat with everyone in the class. From the conversation, everyone was getting somewhere in the range 50-75%. Nobody got over an 85.

When class started, our fatass of a teacher explained her reasoning behind the grading, as she was using the AP grading scale. If you are not familiar with the AP grading scale, you only need like a 70% raw score in the multiple choice, free-response, essay section etc. combined to get a 5/5 on the exam. So basically she graded without partial credit, no mercy. Everyone in the class was shocked. By everyone, I mean everyone, even the teacher's kissass pet. Her justification behind this was **"It is a realization and a wakeup call to prepare for the AP Exam. If you got over a 70% you will do great (5/5) on the AP Exam!"** If I was this close to a 5/5, why didn't I get the 100/100, or even the 80/100 (4/5)? This was the frustration for many other students. the teacher might think our overall grades are amazing, but literally nobody else on the planet would consider an 84% reasonable.

I talked with the boys on the discord VC after school, and those in APUSH said their grades dropped by 5%, as did mine. Now it is barely recoverable, and the teacher probably screwed over everyone else and their future GPA's as well. Everyone I knew to have As in the class (pretty much everyone) no longer had it. Not only is this a significant drop in a statistic, it is a huge drop in morale. HUGE. I worked my ass off so far to have one unfairly graded exam drop it to a grade I have never observed to be so low in my life. My grade is so low, and it can barely be recovered, what is the point of even trying in the class anymore? Is there a purpose at all? In anything?

If you think that the 84% is actually not bad, I respect that, but I would also like to reiterate that I live i an extremely competitive, stressful area where A's are nearly mandated by parents and Colleges.

TLDR: The teacher's irreversible and regimental grading policy for this one exam has quite literally screwed over every student in APUSH this year, and everyone's future with a trashy GPA. The system is pretty fucked NGL.

 Thanks for reading this rant I just had to vent a little.