Something to try if youre feeling down or just bored One thing to try is nofap. It's pretty self explanatory and its a really fun thing to try. It also really helps with mental health as you kind of feel like you have full control over yourself and that youre not a slave to your hand i guess. Really big sports stars went without sex for a while before big events. Ali did it and i think mike tyson did too. So yeah try it im on day 69 (lol)  and i feel much more in control of myself and i dont instantly die when i see a woman irl so yeah try it.

Another thing you can try is working out. Now I've been doing it for a long time so i know my routine might be something you might not be able to do so im gonna give you what i do and if youre starting out what you should go.

Me:i run 7.3km (i run to the park and back which is 1.68km and i do 10 laps there which is 5.5km) and i try to do it at least 3 times a weak sometimes less sometimes more but on average i do it 3 times  week.then the days when i dont run  i do some pushups (sometimes 100 sometimes more depending on how im feeling and i do them by doing 20 at once with a little break in between) then i do 6   10 second crunch holds then after six i do a 2 minute crunch hold. I dont tend to do squats because i train my legs from running.

\*Pushups work part of your back and triceps and a bit of biceps and running works all of your lower body. Crunches work your abs.\*

beginners:when i started running i tried to do 5km and i took a break after eat km but that can be too much so 3km is good too and just increase the length each time. As for pushups i started with doing 10 pushups about 3 times. try to aim for 50 but that can be a bit much. Try to stay away from situps because they are bad for your back so do crunches or the plank. Doing some squats can help too as it can increase your leg power for when you run.

The biggest factor is what you eat so eat enough food that you can still use as energy but dont eat too little id say if ur doing what i am then try to eat about 1.5k

I was blessed with some very good genes so it might take you a while to start seeing results. Also if you have been doing excercise and you cnat see results that might mean that you cant develop muscle yet so dont stop but just try to maintain your fitness so runs etc.

also if you think youre quite fit but want to get fitter then find a midway point between the 2 things i said and you should be fine

this took me a while to write and if you did take the time to try out what i said please pm me or message me on instagram: maksymilian.szyc (ill make it public so you dont have to follow me to dm me) and tell me your results and if it was any help. I consider myself very fit for a 15 yr old and i can say it does make me happy.