Anyone else hate how adults treat us? Specifically parents. (warning: suicide mention) Recently my mom went back to her old ways and she’s being super hypocritical, very insensitive but how dare I even let myself feel emotions which make her to feel guilty. 

She got drunk last night and yelled at me to just get over the death of my cat, which was only 4 days ago. I’m already very depressed and losing my cat - the ONE living thing that I knew would never hurt me, has died. Every human in my life has let me down, and I’m supposed to just feel nothing when my cat dies. 

She’s been really rude, she’s blaming me for her not being able to grieve, putting words into my mouth only so she could yell at me some more and whenever I at least TRY to actually communicate and tell her how I feel, she screams at me, she cries and manipulates me to make me feel bad for her so she doesn’t have to feel bad for me or for getting mad at me for greiving... so she can feel better about herself but I’m not the one she should be treating like this. 

What does she expect me to do? I’m 17, she’s a full grown ass adult. I dont mind listening if she needs to speak and vent, we used to be close and it was something we often did but after last night she lost a shit load of my respect and trust in her, and I won’t allow myself to be treated the way I was last night. 

She caused that argument, she asked for it, knowing what she wanted to say was gonna be hurtful towards me. I won’t listen to someone who’s knowingly hurting my feelings, treating me as if I’m supposed to just suppress everything for HER when I’m already in a tough place and IM the kid, here.

She just... never listens. Adults never listen to us because, why? We’re teens? We’re also human beings, we have emotions and we should be allowed to feel those emotions freely without feeling guilty. Depression makes us do things that we don’t wanna do, like laying in bed all day, not eating. I’m very sorry, dear parents, that us being in bed because we’re too depressed to do anything is so horrible and embarrassing for you. 

IMO... Adults never listen because they don’t want us to genuinely share our thoughts, opinions; they don’t want us to be heard because maybe we’ll be louder than them and adults LOVE being in charge and it’s such a terrible thing that teenagers might just be smarter in other ways than them. Sorry, adults, you’re not perfect either. That’s just your giant ass ego telling you you’re basically god because you were born in a different time; because you’re “wise” (old)

Parents specifically, ik im not the only one dealing with this, always belittles the severity of our anxiety or depression. They may not say it because “they care” but in other words, they basically tell us to get over it, to just move around and be active because its /so/ easy. If they can do it, why can’t we? (Another horrible hypocritical thing - they’re allowed to scream at us like we’re criminals but when we try to explain ourselves or defend ourselves, we’re being rude and hurtful)

She hasn’t even apologized... She’s been pretending like nothing happened, like... she genuinely thinks the way she talked to me last night was okay. That my feelings aren’t valid “because it was just my cat” and shes completely looking past my depression - the emotions that ive been feeling a lot lately that make it hurt to breathe... to be alive. 

Idk about any of you, but the only thing motivating me to not commit suicide right now is that I wanna become a parent, I’m 17, so maybe not yet but a few years in the future, maybe 20, I’ll have a kid, I’ll raise my kid to feel comfortable, safe and to trust me. I’ll raise my kid in a way that they will never feel like their feelings don’t matter, that their voice doesn’t matter simply because they’re a child; they’re younger but it doesn’t mean they’ll be an idiot. 

I’ll be the dad that cares, that LISTENS to what my kid has to say and I won’t ever make them feel guilty for not being in control of their emotions, or if they develop depression and/or anxiety somehow, that it’s okay and we’ll work on it. If they lay in bed all day, i’ll make sure that they’re feeling okay, or if they need help. My child will feel comfortable enough to tell me if they need it. 

I could never ever imagine making my kid feel so much more worthless... I’ll never do that.