A long text to a "friend". I doubt anyone on this sub will read it and I'm not doing a tldr It's highly unlikely that you're ever gonna read this, but I'm gonna write it anyway. Maybe if I do choose to send it to you, I'll have it ready to copy and paste into a message. You meant and still mean, so much to me. And I dont know why. I really dont. And I hate myself for still holding on after so long. Its been so long. And I dont even know where to start with this, so I guess I'll start from the beginning. From when you first messaged me on insta. I'd always really thought you were beauty and attractive but I never really bothered talking to you cause I didnt know a thing about you, but I knew I didnt have a chance. In my mind, you were one of those people that couldve cared less if I was alive or dead, I didnt matter to u at all. But then you messaged me. That caught me completely by surprise. I never would've expected you to message me or even care. In fact, if I'm being honest, I thought you meant to message someone else and accidentally sent the message to me. But after I replied to your message, instead of saying "sorry wrong person" or something like that, you kept talking to me and we had a whole conversation going. Now, right in that first convo, there were a few things that seemed...odd. One of which was just how much you trusted me. You started telling me things that you werent supposed to tell anyone, but I didnt think it meant that much and it probably didn't. After all people, do find me really trustworthy for some reason. Anyway, I knew you didnt like me or anything cause you barely knew me and you told me you liked Garrison. So that was that. Maybe you just wanted to be friends or something. I really dont know why you decided to message me. But as time went on, I found myself thinking about you a lot. Like, a lot. And I realized that I kinda really liked you. And I really dont know why I liked you. I really dont know why. But I knew you liked Garrison so i just left things at that but i still thought about you a lot and kinda felt really down and depressed. But then, things changed. The whole little incident between you and Garrison that got you in trouble with your parents happened and you werent allowed to talk to Garrison. I didnt plan on doing anything necessarily. I liked you, but I really didnt think I had a chance with you. Until Hayden came along. One day I was just hanging out with Hayden and he started talking about how he knew some guy that was doing valentine's day deliveries and delivering flowers and stuff to people for valentine's. Obviously, since I was thinking about you so much, literally the instant I heard that, I thought "maybe I should do an anonymous valentine's thing for rachel". And so I asked hayden for the guys info. At this point I didnt think I was gonna actually go through with it, I was just considering it. But Hayden told this guy that I was planning on doing a valentine's delivery thing so I felt obligated to do it. At this point, I felt like "okay I guess I'm gonna commit myself to just trying to get closer to rachel and hopefully getting her to like me and see me as more than just a friend" and so that's how that all began for me. And as time went on, I felt like we had like a really special kind of connection. I guess that was just us being close friends tho. I didnt think so, I began to really like you, and looking back i think i kinda really fell in love with you. And i thought you liked me. Hayden and another close friend of my named Antonio also thought you liked me. Obviously yknow, it was hard to be sure since you and me didnt hang out much in person. But hayden thought you liked me. I dont remember exactly why he thought that, but I think he said something about how whenever I was around and talking to you, you seemed happy and stuff, but as soon as I left you seemed to kinda just close yourself off a bit and didnt seems as happy. Or something like that, I really dont remember. I think he said some other things too, but I don't remember what, it was a long time ago. Anyway, I felt like we were really close and originally I was gonna wait a little bit longer to ask you out, but I felt like we were close and that you did like me so I decided I was gonna ask you out at the march band concert. I thought itd be a good idea to do it then cause I knew you had strict parents so I thought maybe if you werent sure what your parents would think about it then they'd be there and I could meet them or something and just kinda show them that I was an alright decent person or something. I dont remember exactly. But I got kind of impatient. I remember liked you, I thought about you literally all the fucking time. And that time period between valentine's day and when I asked you out was like...one of the happiest periods of my life. I remember on valentines day you were so happy to get those flowers and just knowing that I did something that made you happy and smile was just...it made me feel so good and so happy. I felt so optimistic and happy that day. I smiled a lot that day. Like, a genuine smile out of just nothing but pure joy. And those few weeks were just...so different. I felt so happy. And so, I was eager to ask you out and so instead of asking you out at the band concert I asked you out after that band festival. And, obviously as you know, you rejected me and I just completely emotionally died inside. All that happiness and everything was just gone. I didnt sleep at all that night, I spent the whole night depressed wondering where I went wrong, if it was something I did. How I was so wrong about thinking you liked me. I became really really depressed. My grades dropped and I just began to hate everything, especially myself. I didnt see myself as being good enough because you didnt like me and in my mind I felt that because I wasnt good enough for you, I wasnt good enough for anyone at all. So I tried to improve myself, especially my appearance. The decided to cut my hair after growing it out for so long? Cause I looked in the mirror one day and said to myself "no wonder she doesnt like you, your hair is absolute shit" so I cut my hair and decided to never grow it out again. And all while I was going through this depressing confusing period of my life I had no one to help me. Hayden and Antonio essentially just abandoned me. They still talked to me and stuff but they avoided talking about you as much as possible. And they never responded to any messages that were about you. They just left me on read. I only had one friend who was willing to talk to me and she didn't really even know how to help me or tell me. And as time went on, I slowly got better and stuff but I still think about u a lot. And I still really like u. Even tho u dont talk to me anymore and dont really seem to want to. I remember after I asked u out, u never showed up early to band class again to see me. There was times u said u would but didnt. But everyday, I waited just in case u did. It wasnt until late may that I stopped waiting for u. Our conversations gradually became more and more boring and awkward with nothing to talk about. U no longer seemed like u even wanted to talk to me. I still like u and I still dont feel like I'm good enough. When I tried working out in spring, I did it cause I felt like maybe if I was stronger I'd be more attractive, but I wasnt doing just for myself, I was mostly doing it for u and that's why I quit. Now I've started working out again, and this time I'm mostly doing it for myself, but theres still part of me that's doing it for u. Even tho you'll never change your mind or see me any differently. And I feel pathetic. It's been well over a year, and here I am still thinking about u. I think the reason why is cause I havent met another girl that I've really liked as much as I liked u. I havent met another girl that's made me feel the same way u did. Even to this day I still see u as being perfect. A lot of my friends dont exactly like u, a lot of them have said some really negative things about u. One friend said u were leading me on the whole time. I'm not sure what to think of that. Tbh I kind of agree. Some of the other things that were said r things which I kind of agree with, but those things don't matter to me for some reason. They should, but they dont. I remember one day, I was at a friends house with some friends of mine and the conversation somehow drifted to u and all of them were saying shit about u and I didnt say anything but I began to feel really upset, confused, and sick. I ended up leaving early because I didnt want to hear anymore. U meant so much to me that I even thought I would have to cut certain friends out of my life if we dated because they didnt like u. Friends that I've known for so many years and would trust with my life. I wouldve been willing to cut them out of my life for u. But none of that matters. U never liked me. Never will u. And now I hardly even talk to u. Havent seen u in over a year. Yet for some reason am still holding on. Maybe some day I'll figure out how to let go. I guess I just gotta wait for someone else to come into my life. Someone like u...or better. But how likely is that to happen? You're one in a million to me...

Like I said, it's highly unlikely you'll ever read this. I'll probably only send it to u if I choose to cut u out of my life to help myself move on. After all, what's the point in even staying "friends"? We hardly even talk anymore. I guess all I have left to say is I'm sorry. I'm sorry for ruining our friendship. Im sorry for everything that happened between us. Sometimes I wish it never happened...if u r reading this its probably cause I'm cutting u out of my life. Idk if I'll wait for a response before I unadd u and unfollow u...it might hurt to much to see what you'll say. But not knowing ur response would also bother me for a while so idk what I'll do. I'm sorry