One of my friends tried to get me to be his GF even tho I've stated numerous times no! Which eventually leads to him ruining our friendship and trying to dividing our friend group. My friend group is relatively small (the main lot being 5 girls and 6 guys). Recently one of my male friends (let's call him Bobby for consistency sake) found my Instagram and we started messaging. It was relatively nice talking to Bobby and we were starting to have a closer bond than ever before. But things began to take a turn when Bobby started telling me bout this guy from his class that liked me. I was confused and started asking who this "Mystery man" (his words) is, but no matter how much I asked Bobby wouldn't tell me. After a few hours of talking to Bobby and him just asking me a bunch of questions bout my self (things like the type of music I liked or my favourite movie, generic shit like that) and him just saying that this info was going to this "Mystery man" that he was helping. I didn't really mind it tho at first. I personally like the attention cuz I haven't had a lot of guys like me before so I didn't mind.

But after a few days of Bobby just not telling me who this "Mystery man" is, even tho I've asked him numerous times to tell me. I started to get frustrated and annoyed. So I arraigned a hang out with all my friends and told Bobby to bring this "Mystery man" with him, he agreed. But when we all met up I saw that Bobby wasn't with this "Mystery man" fellow. Later that day I asked who he was and why he wasn't here and Bobby just said that the guy left and that he'll tell me bout him tonight. It was irritating but I when with it cuz I was really curious.

Now fast forward to that night and we're texting. Bobby started asking questions like what kinda guys I liked, and when I told him he started saying this guy was cute, funny, sweet all that jazz. But then he popped the big boy question by asking if I would be in a relationship with this "Mystery man" if I liked him and I answer with no (I wasn't ready and plus my mum would KILL me). Now after this I was getting pretty impatient so I outright ask him who this "Mystery man" is. Bobby was hesitant at first, obviously beating around the bust and not answering my questions. But eventually, he answers (after 10 minutes of him pussying out and saying he's going to tell me and then not telling), he finally worked up the ball's and said it was him.

Now I'm not that mean of a person, despite what some may say. When he told me that he liked me I didn't what to lead him on cuz it was unfair so I told him that I don't feel the same but that I don't want this to have a negative effect on our friendship. He agreed, or so I thought. But I'd say half an hour later he apparently got one of our friends to basically text me and ask why I rejected him. Now at first, I was confused but I didn't mind. Now you might think that's a strange thing to do but things start to get worse.

When I found out he liked me I told my closest friends (let's call them Ana and Amy), they weren't really shocked and didn't think much of it. Now, why am I telling you this you might ask. Well, a few days later they all went out again, without me sadly (only cuz I had to go to training). Then somewhere around 20h or 21h I get a call from one of my female friends (let' call her Dede) asking me who my crush is (I was confused cuz I already told her months ago), so I ask why and Dede says that she was with the guys and they're curious. I didn't what to say at first so I asked a simple question "who's with you?" and Dede said everyone except Bobby. I was still hesitant but then I just blurted out my crushes name not thinking of the consequences thinking that he wasn't there.  And I just hung up. 

An hour later I get a text from Bobby and he sent a link to my crushes profile on Facebook, I was so confused and asked who told him and he said that I did...He then said that he was going to tell my crush that I like him and I shit you not he said he was going to "photoshop me and him getting married and send them to him". I had to lie to save my ass and told him that he's not my crush anymore (he also tried to play it out as a joke but it clearly wasn't).

Now me being the dumbass that I am I didn't realise just how toxic his behaviour actually was and I gave him a second chance when he apologised. 

But the plot thickens and as it does I get closer and closer to wanting to kill him. A DAY LATER Amy texts me, and sends screenshots of Bobby asking her to set me up with him, EVEN THO I'VE STATED A BUNCH OF TIME I AM NOT INTERESTED, he was still trying to get with me. Amy declined and told him to ask someone else. AND DO YOU KNOW WHAT HE DID?! THIS DIPSHIT THEN ASKED MY OTHER CLOSE FRIEND,  ANA, TO HELP HIM,  she refused and told me.

I was livid when I read those screenshot and immediately sent them to him to confront his ass and he had the audacity to get mad at me cuz my friends snitched that he was trying to get with me after everything I said to him. I blocked him on Insta after that. I have had enough of his bull.

But the movie isn't over folks we have the 3rd act to finish. A few days after that my friends go out (I didn't go cuz I wasn't feeling well mentally) and I get a call from Ana and she says that she just saw Bobby across the street from her, with 2 other guys by his side both looking at her, she says at that moment she got a call from and an unknown number (she already got called by that same number a few other times but declined). She looked up and saw Bobby starring at a phone and then looking at her. She declined the call again, but Bobby and his friends kept calling. She eventually answers and Bobby started cussing her out, calling her a slut, going after my male friends for hanging out with Amy and Ana instead of him, he even started saying that is was the girl's fault we're not friends anymore. 

I was so mad I was going to text him and tell him not to talk to me or any of my friends but at that momen, as if by coincidence, he texts me, when I opened the message, I see that he has sent a poem of sorts and reading through it I REALISE IT'S HIM ASKING FOR NUDES. When I read it I was even madder. This guy sent me a poem asking for nudes. At that moment I just went off on him and I don't regret it and I blocked him. He also got pushed and blocked me and all my female friends from a group chat we have with everyone in it.

I never wanna see him again.


Sorry if my English is bad lol, it's not my first language. This happened a month or so ago and I just needed to vent.