just a small rant about my school life and grades I don't normally comment or post rants online (yes this is my first rant) because I never had the guts to (I was always too afraid for that) but right now I feel like I really need an outlet for my thoughts and feelings because I am running out of people I can talk to and seek help. I don't want to talk about this to my parents because I do not want them to be overly worried about me, I don't want to talk to my friends because 1. i know some of them don't know how to respond to me and don't have enough experience and 2. i also don't wish to bother them at this point of time. So I've seeked reddit for help now. 

School for me hasn't been going well, I have just ended my school year recently and my grades overall have not been up to my expectations (tho I have already gotten over with my high expectation problem haha). My school calculates their grading system by using MSG, which gives grade numbers to subjects: the lower your grade number average, the better your grading. I had a score of 2.167~ and honestly it isn't that bad imo. 

However I realised that because of this score, I was not able to take as many subjects as my friends could, and was not allowed to take many advanced subjects (in fact the school rejected my application to two different advanced subjects) due to my own score. I needed a 2 or lower to get into many different opportunities the school provided, but because I screwed up one test, I completely lost my footing and fell down to a 2.167, and essentially lost everything right in front of me. These ambitions I had and opportunities the school provided just vanished over a day and my world crumbled away. I didn't know how to feel and I was utterly destroyed inside. What's worse is the feeling of moving away from my friends (which I never had a lot to begin with which makes me treasure them even more), my friends all have excellent scores and have these opportunities that I didn't manage to obtain and are all progressing quickly, and this makes me feel even more alone and sad than I normally do (this is why I don't want to talk to them at this point of time). (Honestly I don't know how I'll be able to cope in the future because we're going to be changing classes next year and I'll likely be  drifting away from my close friends due to my scores) My close friends are taking a program together, others are getting advanced subjects….while I have absolutely nothing. No special programs or advanced subjects despite working so hard for the whole year. Because I screwed up once. Essentially all my effort for the whole year has all just gone down the drain and I feel completely wasted and just useless. it's that feeling of trying so hard that you burn yourself hard for the longest time, then losing everything you've worked up to in a second. It makes you feel like a nobody and that your efforts don't matter. Despite pushing yourself forwards and mentally+emotionally breaking down countless times, everything adds up to nothing. You are just...nothing. 
i have just been in a state of rejection and blankness recently and I don't know how to move forward.

I feel like some of you on reddit would have been in such situations before, could you give me a bit of advice on how to move on from this moment? And thanks for listening to my whole rant haha, I just needed a place to vent my frustrations D;