The funniest conversation I've had on the internet. So, yeah. I still play Animal Jam sometimes. I know I'm probably too old for it by now but I can't help it, it's nostalgic. Also, this post will also prob be kinda long. Hope u enjoy this story if u read!

Anyway, I was playing with my little brother today and this dude (K) comes to my den (house u can personalize for those who don't know). I'd met K once before, earlier this week, and we had buddied each other and talked for a few minutes. He'd claimed to be my age, and while I have no reason not to believe him, I really hope he's actually just a stupid little kid who doesn't know any better. So I go to his den to hang out and he starts sending me private mail, and the conversation goes a bit like this:

K: I like u

M: What? We've interacted like once.

K: I know, but I think ur cute and I care about you.

M: Okay, that's weird.

K: What, do you not care about me? I care about all my friends.

M: Well we're not really friends. I just talked to you for a few minutes on the internet. We're just AJ buddies. I don't hate u or anything, I just don't really care about you like I care about my real friends.

K: Well we only talked so little because you never play! You need to play more. Every single day like me.

M: Sorry dude I'm just not that dedicated. I just like to play every so often.

I may have said something mildly insulting to him at some point around here; he was being really weird and I wasn't gonna fall for his manipulative BS. Then he said:

K: You know what? -punches you in the nose-

M: ...

M: Oh no.....my...nose......whatever will I do 

At this point....idk what happened. He was SO angry. But here's the kicker: he threatens to send his girlfriend after me to fight me. In the game. Which isn't possible. (Note how he tried to FLIRT with me earlier and now he's gonna bring in his girlfriend. Make it make sense.) And he says it over and over again. And I'm like "lmao whats she gonna do? Bark at me??" She can't beat me up for real. So the gf finally shows up and the convo continues.

M: haha is this the girl thats gonna "fight" me?

GF: Yep I am.

M: Honestly if you're actually dating this dude you need to leave him. He's super toxic. Also he literally flirted with me. Not cute.

GF: I don't care. I'm gonna fight you.

M: Bruh really

GF: I'm a professional fighter. If this was real life you would be tied up right now.

M: Well luckily for me that's not the case. You literally cannot fight me.

I sat down my lil wolf girl very indignantly in front of her and this annoyed her a LOT.

GF: You're not even gonna fight me back? You're probably just a coward. You're just scared that I'm gonna fight you and you'll lose.

M: Yeah? And how in the world do you expect me to do that? I'll just sit here and you fight me. It'll be easier that way.

GF: No way. I don't fight cowards.

I'm laughing my ass off through this whole encounter. She wasn't even gonna fight me?? And I put on my nice flower hat and everything. So I said the most appropriate thing I could think of in the moment:  
M: You have the emotional intelligence of a grape.

Then I got kicked out of K's den lol. He unfriended me. Kinda sad tbh I could have kept arguing, it was pretty fun. Idk what it is about Animal Jam that makes people so toxic tho, I've had encounters like this way too often (though none as hilarious as this one). Anyway hope you guys enjoyed reading this almost as much as I enjoyed experiencing it. Have a great day &lt;3