I just had the strangest nightmare. I was in my bed and all of sudden I heard my radio say something about people transforming into various things. I got a vision of biologist transform into a weird tree creature. It looked like a thin ent but it had this weird pale , mask like face with a large smile and blue eyes. For the record , it didn't appear to be smooth transformation. It looked very painfull and slow. Part of his body began to just break and deform.I was taken out of this vision. I turned to my side and opened my laptop. However when I went I opened Google and tried to search something , I got this weird audio recording of a guy talking about how people are transforming into a multitude of things. It was hinted at that they were transforming into things that held value to them. Explains why the biologist transformed into something commonly found in nature. Panic set in. I started to breath heavily. Then I heard something on the radio. It said "We have angerd those above us and now they're unleashing they're punishment". Minutes passed. I then felt my arm start to deform. It grossly enlarged and began to bend and crack and change color to a dark yellow. I don't recall the rest of the transformation. All I know is that I was screaming all through out it. When the transformation finished , I looked at my hands. They were huge , dark yellow and had massive claws.I was also significantly bigger. I presumed that I was some sort of dragon. I got up in a panic. I called for my mother but no response. I then called out for one of friends and a small 2d figure came into my room. I panicked and told him to get out in fear that I would crush him. I got up in a panic and stepped outside. I looked into the sky. There was a hologram of a large white box with text that read "We will break you". I then woke up.

I know all of this sounds really goofy but trust me that it felt very real. I'm still shaking just from the thought. I know nightmares usually mean something. What the hell is this and what does it mean? Thank you for reading.