I just really hate my moms complaining. So..

Today, I came back from my Friday prayers (Muslim here, its like how Christians have Sunday Church and all. You listen to a sermon and then pray.) and I sat down for lunch.

Okay, no problem right?

My plate was wet. I really can't stand soggy food.. Like bread being soggy with water, or rice soggy with water. So I proceed to wipe it with my hands, since we ran out of kitchen towels today. My mom asks me to wash my hands, understandable, so I do so. I dry me hands and then continue sopping off the water.

Why was it wet in the first place? The maid doesnt drain the water from the plates after washing and doesn't wipe them dry either.

So my mom begins on a long ass rant about how she gets annoyed I dry my plate all the time.. Then complains about my bad dental health (every dentist has done a horrible job of descaling, scamming my parents every time, leaving my teeth with.. Hardened mineral/hardened tartar around the edges and behind) and then starts to rant on about me eating too much sauce (a TABLESPOON. from a good ol 750ml bottle.) and goes on and on and starts complimenting my sister on how she is much better than me.

This ain't the first time oh no, it's been like this. Every day, since fourth grade.

Last month-"you eat too much, you're getting fat" *looks at myself in a mirror and can see my ribs through my skin*

This month-"you're eating too less, why not eat more!" not hungry-

April-"y'know, you should turn off your pc" but ma, I'm playing the 2 hours you gave me, is this still much?

Since 2017-"you walk like a girl, stop walking like that or ppl will think ur gay" "why the Heck are you being so girly?" "be more manly" "you're fourteen, and a young man, just grow up already" *overthinks walking and walks weird, is super socially awkward and developed mild femmephobia (fear of women iirc, I've had it since sixth grade and I can't make eye contact with women without panicking or feeling guilty about making them uncomfortable)*

I'm sick and tired of this. The other day, I made my discord profile pic into me with a girl filter and my mom thought I was tryna be gay and she yelled "you're a boy, and gonna be a boy forever!" 

She told my dad and he asked me "the Heck did you put as your profile pic" oh just me with a filter.. "Y tho" 
Dad, it's just a joke, no other meaning behind it, I'm serious. "okay youre free to go" and then he gave my mom a really tired look. 

Even he has told my mom to stop complaining all the time. I can't even go to a restaurant without her complaining about the thing she ordered being too salty, sweet, spicy or whatever. I can't even tell her I get bullied without her complaining to teachers in Karen mode (hence why in sixth grade I got called mamas boy and all). 

Man, I love her to the ends of the earth but damn, that complaining doe-

Sorry for the long rant.