keep on overthinking and hesitating to ft this girl We had a big argument over something so stupid that I wish I never did about 2 weeks ago, I arranged an apology and explanation for everything i did.

I checked in with my friends to see if this was solid because they know what happened too and they said it was perfect.

Listen I really care about her she’s very important to me and I don’t wanna lose her over some stupid drama, she misunderstood some things and felt like everyone hates her because of me but that isn’t true, it’s not my fault I never went to other people and talked trash about her I always tell her I defended her and say nice things about her but she always second guesses it.


We talked a little bit after we broke our friendship up cause she knows I was depressed severely or something I don’t know why she would still answer me but I’m glad she does. 

About 4 days ago I finished my apology and I tried asking to ft her and she always told me no cause she was busy or she just couldn’t. I asked her this question at around 9 o’clock and one time I think I asked her in like the morning or something and she said she couldn’t. she wasn’t lying to me and I think she’s starting to go to bed early now, she’s not active on Instagram past 9 pm and I can see cause she’s in my insta dms. I don’t know why this makes me so hesitant and nervous, I constantly overthink the worse that can happen and she just will decline which makes me not even want to call her.

I’m thinking about asking her to ft at like 7 or 8, I don’t know how I should grab her attention I wanna say something that’ll give me a chance to speak to her, I really wanna redeem myself. I wish I could just do it, and not hesitate, I don’t know how though. She’s been on Instagram non stop all day, whenever I get back from doing something or just take a break for a little while she’s always on there. 

What should do to get this feeling off my chest and give me the courage to just try at least, what should I do? I can be patient it’s just I don’t like what I’m feeling and I want to talk to her.