Idk how to say this (TW: TALK OF SUICIDE, SELF HARM, AND ED’s) 
Ok so I don’t want it to seem like I’m complaining about my life, I know people have it much worse than I do. I know no one asked, but I really just wanted to get some stuff off my chest. 

ALSO, Ik what I’m writing may be kind of worrying or something, but please dw I’m aight, just gotta rant. 

Before I get into it here’s a short backstory: I moved from the US to a country I’d never been to before when I was thirteen, after living in the same neighborhood for my entire life. I had an eating disorder and problems with self harm, which worsened after I moved. I had a string of useless therapists that did nothing or made stuff worse. Also, right after I moved I got into a toxic relationship with this edgelord type dude. I really didn’t love him, I was just dating him because I thought I needed to “fix” my sexuality (dumb, I know). Then around a year ago my dad moved out and my parents separated. He was cheating on her with his coworker, and refused to pay child support for a couple of months after he left. It was my job to ask him for the money. My mom, my brother, and I moved again due to safety issues in the middle of sophomore year. I relapsed into my Ed a couple of times throughout this. I haven’t self harmed in over a year. 

Ok! there’s the brief backstory of the darkest moments for my life

Now onto current shit: recently I’ve been getting really sad out of no where. I don’t know if it’s because I need to process or something. I don’t want to sound edgy but I literally don’t see the point anymore. Like I’m just going through the motions every day, trying to seem positive and upbeat, but I honestly couldn’t care less. I try hard in school, I eat normally, I exercise regularly, all to made my mom happy. I don’t talk about what’s bothering me because I don’t want to drive people away, so I make myself seem happy. The only thing I do that makes me somewhat happy now is art, but even that is getting harder and harder to keep up. Sometimes I really wish I didn’t have to try so hard anymore. I really wish I could just die, and I definitely would if it wouldn’t make my friends and family sad. Lately I’ve been thinking they wouldn’t care anyways though.