I don't know what to do anymore :( Ive been feeling worse and worse and I don't know what i can do to feel better. My grades are getting worse and worse, i always feel tired and bored, but also i feel like I'm too lazy to do anything, to change anything. I feel like crying all the time, i can't focus i just... Feel worthless. I'm unable to do anything productive. I just think about stuff but I'm never able to do them. I want to start doing YouTube maybe, learn something more, get into vulture culture, get better grades, just... Feel more alive. I can't eat normally, i feel sick every time i swollow anything, I feel like throwing up, but i never actually do. The only thing that makes me feel better are video games(sometimes they make me feel worse though) streams and YouTube... I know, pretty lame. It's cold, but I'm too lazy to do anything about it. I dress everyday the same, i eat what I have, i don't usually brush my hair. I just don't see the point of it. All the homework just makes me lazier even when I think about it. My brain is creating all the stupid stuff I don't want to belive like "well, you're feeling very bad, that might be depression" or "looking at symptoms you might have dyscalculia, normal people don't make those type of mistakes". I'm sick of thinking about myself, at the same time i need to, i have to, because if I won't think of myself then no one will and that's sad. I don't want to be sad, i want to make something, do something... Be someone that's worth more then me at the moment. Be successful, charismatic, charming and funny. I want to live my best life, be happy because of just living! Should i seek help? But the only mental help I can get is school psychologist... And i don't know how it is in America or other rich countries, but in Poland healthcare is really bad and mental healthcare is almost nonexistent, so I don't think if that'd even do anything. I wanted to start YouTube or Twitch to make some money and then move out and study in Canada or UK. But i can't. Because of my stupid mind barrier and fear of being judged, embarrassed, laughed at. Can't i just not be lazy? It ruins my whole life