I finally realized that I just let him live in my head rent free while he was probably using me I had the biggest crush on this guy since last January. He went to basics over summer and once back we only got closer as friends and then soon enough, boyfriend and girlfriend. It made me so happy to think that he actually liked me back and that people do think I'm pretty. He broke up with me as a house fire took the lives of his aunt and cousins, and then 3 more deaths followed (I do not know the cause of them). He couldn't balance family, school, sports, military, and a relationship so he broke it off, but we stayed friends.

I had high hopes that maybe once things were able to level out again we could start dating again. Needless to say that hasn't happened. Over the past month I've noticed that our conversations were dry and eventually he just stopped responding to me. I thought I was doing something wrong but some third party views say otherwise. 

We first became friends last school year and then the pandemic hit. He wanted to go out and have fun before leaving for three months. He paid me to take over his schoolwork for April and I agreed. We even hung out at the pond on my parent's property because it was hot outside n all. Our senior year started and we had a class together. I was over the moon.

He started pressing for answers from me on that class and one that I had already taken (Algebra 1). I agreed on the terms that he gave me all the answers to English in the second semester because I'm not good at English. The deal was made and everything was fine. 

For fucks sake he was my first kiss, the first guy I cuddled, the first guy I sent nudes to. And to him I was the first girl he genuinely wanted to sleep with. I know now naive and happy go lucky I sound a the time. It's both a blessing to have and a curse because I always expect and hope for the best from people. I can't dare think about people close to me doing wrong.

I should've listened to my friend's warnings about his past with girls.

The first semester is over and we are now three weeks into the second semester. I logged out of his school account (I only kept it to access his assignments easier and with his consent of course) because I realized that English wasn't so bad.

I just want to ask him if I did something wrong or if he's just moved on, but part of me knows that it is a bad idea. I hope that this is a misunderstanding and that he will eventually text me sometime, but I'll take that hope with salt. I still have my college years ahead of me and much more.

Goodbye Steven, you truly made me feel beautiful.