Ay it's time for day #5 of my short stories, I'm really starting to enjoy this! The water acted as if it were oxygen, as if it were liquid air. Their lungs had not collapsed, merely continued functioning as normal. Fish of all shapes and colors meandered near them, as if the pair weren't there. The Woman in Blue reached out to touch a pale red fish. It was small, and showed lack of fear to her touch. It had green stripes along it's back, slightly glimmering within the little light that reached the bottom of the ocean. The man stood still, taking the ocean in with all of it's beauty. He stared into the distance, patiently watching a fish that had a beak-like mouth, it slowly swam towards him. The woman in blue held the man's hand, as she had been all along. They walked together, sand being kicked up all around them, slowly coming to block their view. As they walked, a figure thrashed under their feet out of site, obscured by sand. They fell to their stomachs, yet as they looked upwards, they felt free. Looking leftwards, a vast coral reef crawled past them. Decorated in colors such as, blue, green, purple, and many more. The tubes shooting outwards in every direction, as if it were slowly consuming the ocean. They looked downwards at the large manta ray carrying them deeper into the ocean. The ray brought them past the dropoff, the bottom of the floor no where in sight. They sailed for some time, the ocean greeting them as an old friend. They drifted into what must have been the center of the ocean, where a large colony of fish had sat. The rainbow shot over their shoulders. The ray brought them downwards, deeper into the ocean, inviting them to stay longer. As they came to rest on the gentle sea floor, they were greeted by many strange creatures. Such as a fish with a man's head, the tail being sleek and long. Another one being a sea dragon, it's head somehow feminine, the scales along her being smooth and ruby-like, yet hard enough to cut even steel. The final creature was simple, a blob of smaller lifeforms, they all merged together to make the form of a dolphin. They had a glittery black sheen to them. The pair still holding each others hands took their first step into the unknown, accompanied by the strange fish. They walked, and walked, and walked. The fish guiding them to an unknown goal. Eventually they stumbled upon a large metal object. The man fish, the dragon, and the blob, all encouraged them to lift the oblong piece of metal. They slide their hands under easily; the metal felt soft to the touch. They lifting it effortlessly, below it, a void was uncovered. Slowly the ocean had drained, the creatures escaping downwards into it. The current left the pair untouched, as the majority of the world slipped out of site. Eventually no more of the ocean came, as there were no more of this sea to give, just a vast desert.