seriously i don’t understand people in my class say our biology is easy?? i’m sorry but 80 questions from an open book quiz when we’re on page 200 and we have to go through the entire book is rubbish AND ITS DUE THE NEXT DAY. you know i was doing fine when we actually had study guides and we went over some material together but screw these open book quizzes. we had a open book test at school last week, it was 100 questions. we had less than an hour but it was open book right?? I don’t have the TIME to sort through a whole book to find questions. I’d rather memorize the stuff before the test but no. jUst gOtTa kNow tHe mAteRiaL. What is the material??? Where is the planner for the week? Can I get a notice like, hey, we have a huge test tomorrow, it’s gonna be on this topic. No. I can’t. I’ve been working every day to like 1 AM and that’s garbage. All my classes give me a ton of work and expect the other classes not to do the same. I love being assigned four essays for different classes and they’re all due at the end of week because clearly class time is enough right?? and not only that but we have to go ABOVE expectations to get 100. Otherwise it’s an 80. I’m barely managing to stay afloat with my grades. i hate math but it’s ironically the easiest class because all you have to do is know how to do it. learn formulas. i mean, it’s my worst subject WHY am I doing better in that than something I’m usually good at?? I hate this, I really do. Thank you, for this 400 page book and the answers are all over the place. question 1 will be from page 200 and question two will be from page 20. is this supposed to teach me something? seriously? i have learned nothing except how to manage my time so I can get some sleep at night. i’m a procrastinator but i don’t even have time to procrastinate anymore. i don’t have time to sleep. i don’t have time to eat. when i get overwhelmed, at this point i blow off school to do other things. oh this assignment is only worth 10 points but it’s going to take me 3 hours? i just won’t do it. and that’s the same advice the higher grade levels gave us. just do the stuff with the most points. literally all my grades are like 89s-90s. i am barely passing. and I also have to make time do volunteer and do clubs and COVID on top of that.