Why are little kids from other houses so annoying? Needed to vent a bit about this since the neighbors kid just left. 

It seems like they’re always bad influences and won’t listen to you because “you’re not my parent or guardian”, but I’m still watching you in my backyard. Even worse is that my brothers won’t listen to me either when this kid comes over. 

So, today he came over and they found an old board that was laying around the house. Apparently, this kid takes karate and “broke a board just like it” the other day, so he said he could break it.

He proceeds to take the board outside and stomp at it for a while, to no avail. Then he gets the brilliant idea to **pick up a fucking paver** (large kind of decorative brick weighing probably anywhere from 7-10 lbs I’m guessing) and drops it onto the board. During this process, I was repeating “Will, do not pick up that paver, please put it down.” and got loader each time I said it.

He then dropped it and it broke the board. Cool. Now my brothers see him do this and immediately try to do it too. However, my brothers are a few years younger than the neighbors kid (6 and 7 to his 11) and aren’t nearly as strong. One picks up the paver as I’m now yelling, “Put that paver down right now!” he drops it, and it lands on his foot. Screaming pain, he does a one legged hop into the house with my other brother chasing after him.

I called the neighbors kid and said “I said stop, why didn’t you stop!?”

He replied with, “I didn’t want to.” and runs into my house. I followed him and was about to explain to my mom.

Then my mom pulls the biggest G move ever. She grabs the neighbors kid and pulls him to the door, and says, “Tell your parents you’re not allowed to come here anymore, this is the last straw.” She then pulls him out of the house, and slams the door in his face. I couldn’t help but laugh a little bit because it was pretty funny to see this little bitch get owned. 

For context about it being the last straw, about 2 weeks ago he came over for my brothers birthday and told him to climb the fence. Well, he climbed it, jumped, and snapped his forearm (if you’d like a picture of him in his cast for proof i can post one). 

Please parents of dumb stupid neighbor kids, stop being dumb and letting kids get away with this.