Sociopaths and Psychopaths explained... Sociopath: a sociopath has a huge lack of sympathy, guilt, remorse, shame and fear, however, that doesn't mean they cannot feel happiness, love, compassion and all of the things listed above, but that definitely should never be a sign to sympathize with them. The people they hate the most tend to resemble their past selves, before they turned into sociopaths that is (sociopaths are never born as sociopaths, they grow into being that), for example, person A (sociopath, a theif pre-antisocial mental state) hates person B (non-antisocial, normal person), because B is a simple theif, not necessarily as bad as A, but still a theif, but that doesn't mean that person A is not a theif anymore, infact, they are even worse, but they always despise those who are in the same position as them, which is the backstory of how many sociopaths can be huge hypocrites. Sociopaths are not all the same, some lack more empathy than others, some have more empathy, as it depends on how their life is going in general, as sociopaths tend to be very ungrateful for the things they have, so for example, a poor sociopath most likely would lack more empathy than a rich one, and a sociopath that was bullied in school lacks more empathy than one who didn't get bullied etc. etc.

Psychopaths: a psychopath has a complete lack of sympathy, guilt, remorse, shame and fear, and has absolutely no conscience whatsoever, meaning they have no moral compass to guide them on what is morally correct and what is morally incorrect, so basically, giving a homeless kid a dollar and creating a terrorist group are no different to a psychopath. Pschopaths are different from sociopaths, as they are born psychopaths unlike sociopaths, and psychopaths tend to be incredibly intelligent, while sociopaths tend to have below-average IQ scores.

So yeah, explained it there for ya, hopefully you leaned something new or corrected a mistake, and btw sorry if the English is bad, since I have ADHD and English is not my native language.

And if I messed up in some way, please tell me in the comments, no disrespect please.

Sources: The Official Wikipedia Page for ASPD Studies and Research, and personal experience lasting almost my entire life (17y).