Fandom reviews EP5: the fortnite fandom (can we not drop boys) Episode 1:  
Episode 2:  
Episode 3:  
Episode 4: 

Note: Fandom reviews belongs to u/sincyd06 feel free to share to friends but DO NOT STEAL OR CLAIM MY SERIES OK THANKS! :)  


why am i making more episodes

part 1: dropping on boys  


Fortnite. One of gaming's worst fears. Since its release in 2017 it became gaming's most beloved games. and one of the most hated. Despite its fandom having a mix of grown men and 2 year olds, Fortnite's fandom is one of the most painful places to ever step foot in since legoland.  


part 2: Sheer cring  


fortnite is one of the worst fandoms i ever seen.   
hands down. I fucking hate it.   
First off there discord server literally allows minors. (yes im saying below 12 years old) and like..what the fuck...  
fun fact: im banned from there discord server :)  


fortnite has grown a toxic and stupid fandom. With r34 artists taking every chance they get to sexualize costumes, You might be thinking that Homestuck's fandom is more decent. correct??  


sadly. Yes. 

&amp;#x200B;

part 3: we like fotnite we like frotnit  
Fortnite is a intresting concept ON PAPER but not when 8 year olds ruin the experience you either:  


meet a grown ass man, toxic crybaby, little 2 year old 

or win a fucking match 

the first one is more likely to happen actually...  


Fortnite has def decreased in qualilty and I believe that me wanting to get fortnite 3 years ago was a fatal mistake  


thank god I never got the game. it seems like a waste of money tbh.. other than that fortnite is still around surprisingly with chapter 69 being a thing. Were gonna wait to see what the fuck fortnite kicks at us again.  


part 4: conclusions  
fuck the fandom and fuck the game, Not only its irritating and fucking dumb but the game isnt as good as the fandom. Fortnite has one of the most. annoying fanbase to ever come across of.. YES IM SAYING FORTNITE IS WORST THAN ANY OTHER FANDOM MY OPINION NOT URS!111  


the end   


what other fandom should i look at ?