Conductor Karen Me and a guy I'm seeing was on our way to go home and so we took the train. 
And this little boy, he looked like he was about 7-9 years old, he was taking the train alone and he put his feet on the seat. (Idk if it was an accident or not, but I don't even think it matters here) 
This conductor started screaming at him. 
She told him to clean up after himself, because he had made the seat dirty. 
So she told him to clean it up with his....beanie ;-; 
And he said that he didn't want his beanie to get dirty. 
So she yelled " This train will stop and won't go anywhere until you've cleaned it up! " 
And then she started touching him, like idk grabbing his hands or sth. 
And he told her to stop touching him
So this one guy tried to move her and let him get past her so he could walk away from her but she refused to move. 
So I started to feel concerned and asked my boyfriend      " Should we do sth? "  Because I really wanted to help
And she heard me ;~;
So she said " I've been telling a bunch of people lately to clean up after themselves, they were willing to and that was that, it doesn't matter if they're kids, this is not okay." 
And she started to bother other people in the train, talking about it. 
And so me and my boyfriend started to look for paper so he could clean it up so she would leave him alone. 
We couldn't find any paper so we just gave him a bag and he cleaned up after himself. 
And this Karen said " Thank you" lmao, as if we care about her, we just wanted her to get away from him. 
When she finally had walked away from him he went to sit somewhere else. 
And she started to talk to us, idk why, and I just shook my head in disbelief and stuff. And she asked me
" Oh so you think this is okay? "
And I responded "I don't think it's necessary for you to embarrass him and touch him" 
And so she got  really mad
And then she started screaming at me " You can sigh all you want, I don't care, it doesn't matter their age, they're supposed to know that you're not supposed to do that! " 
And when we got out the train I felt so awful and worried for the little boy and I asked him if he was okay and he said yes.
I know he would've said yes either way but I just wanted to show him that there are people who don't judge him and care about him even if they don't know him. 
 I really hope that boy is okay.