My mom defended my aunt(covid positive) who travelled illegally I'm 19. Early next year, I will be joining college and move away from my parents and stay in a hostel. I've about 2 months left from now and I'm just trying my best to spend some time with my mom but I just get annoyed tbh. We both have very different personalities tbh and the relationship hasn't really been the best, atleast from my side but still it's the last moments left and I just want to play games or do some fun stuff at home. Currently I'm in another college(online) temporarily which started like yesterday, and I've already got homework but I try to spend time with her but today she really got me pissed. 

My aunt who KNEW she was COVID positive PURPOSELY shifted between states coz her in-law family didn't want "covid positive" tag on their building. And you know what she tells us, "in our state they lie and purposely give you a covid positive even if you aren't". The funny thing is she lives in a ultra rich in-laws family who literally went to the BEST hospital in pregnancy for birth and she came here in our state where medical facilities don't even closely match with the top hospitals there. She didn't care if she gave anyone else corona or if she might even be the cause of someone's death. COVID isn't a fucking joke. Her in-laws are very rich and powerful with lot's of black money, they could've hidden the covid positive results easily. She tested positive here and stayed in quarantine here . She even brought her 3year old kid here and left her 8month old kid with her in-laws. Now she's covid negative and got out of quarantine.

 Today my mom was telling me on how she's very sweet for saying, "don't worry I understand if you(my mom) doesn't want to visit me coz I was COVID positive" and you see I'm literally going to college to study in MEDICS and I got really annoyed and told her "well she didn't care about ANYONE when she knew that she was positive and travelled" and my mom started defending her giving shitty reasons that my aunts told her and I'm just like???? I don't feel like talking to my mom now coz of this. I'm not gonna defend for aunt just cause she's my family. Fuck her for putting others life in danger.

 Idk what to do, I just wanted to talk to my mom but now I just don't, I know I'll regret now spending the time that I've now.