Life = Stalemate = Indifference 	You ever feel like you’ve met a dip where you’re not doing enough to give your life purpose...I do. I feel as though I try be being an outgoing—forward looking *person* but it’s like the opportunity doesn’t present itself. As if it doesn’t even exist. As I witness fellow citizens mandare and accomplish so much (On Social Media). It’s enough for me to force myself to be active in the community. (Which I Am) I engage with everyone. I help my family. I help others. I push myself day in and day out to maintain a sharp image! Unfortunately, that doesn’t feel like enough...so under the pressure of guilt I work harder. Harder and harder, but I don’t see the next step. 

	Where’s my next step? College? Business? Job? Connections? Family? Death? I want to be seen, not shrouded in a layer of *normal*. I want more...much more than a happy life. I feel as if I need to leave a *mark* but I can’t. Yet you see thousands of videos where people become instantly famous without preparation or determination. They do not leave a *mark*. They leave a trail of injudiciousness, imprudence, and obtuse absurdity that people gobble up on the daily. Not saying I want to be famous but a humble human being that has accumulated his success through his humility. I just want to be able to use my success to help others...philanthropy if you must put name to it. But it’s much more than that...

	I grew up wanting something bigger and better. (Life) It sickens me that many fall into a lax state. Now I feel I have fallen too....

(*Depression*) It’s a word I don’t use. I choose to believe it doesn’t exist. I am the rock and others lean on me. I don’t show signs of weakness. I AM bold and can solve other’s problems. But why can’t I solve my own. Then that same word (*Depression*) appears. I can’t help but notice it seems to cast a shadow upon me. 

(Life) It doesn’t give you pointers in the right direction. It doesn’t give directions or guidance...so I always feel lost in a abyss of simplicity and continuity. 

Where’s my light to shine upon this world? 
Where can I accomplish my dreams?
Why can’t I make my opportunity?
Where is my opportunity?
Where is my time?
Where is life?
What am I?
Why?