My teacher is too much of a where to try not to offend people We had an essay about "how to be a perfect student" she decided to help us by giving us this

(The first2/3 lines are the ones that matter don't waste your time on the rest)

Most people believe that super achieving students usually get high marks because their noses are always stuck in books.  They are no good at sports and they are failures when it comes to their relationship with other especially the other sex.  ~~In fact, this is not true.  There are some students who can combine both talents.  They have talents at getting top marks and at the same time they are honoured for and sociable activities.  their character and service excellence.  They also participate in all fields of sports In my opinion, the secrets of high achieving students are very simple.  In the first place, brilliant students brook no intrusions on study time.  Once the books are open, phone calls go unanswered and TV programs are unwatched.  They consider study as an important business;  business comes before recreation.  Secondly, super achieving students study anywhere or everywhere.  Study times are strictly a matter of personal preference.  Some like to study early by day or late at night.  Others prefer to study as soon as they come home from school.  No matter when to study but the most important things is consisteney.  They reserve time every day for studying On the other hand, before starting to study, getting organized is very important.  A brilliant student does not waste his time looking for a pencil or some missing papers.  Everything should be kept tidy within his reach.  A good student should take notes while reading.  Experts recommend taking important notes on one side of the book.  This way enables students to review a short time before the examination In fact, brilliant students don't memorize information for tests only.  Better grades come from better understanding.  Some exam questions are given to evaluate student's thinking.  Experts confirm that a student may make up possible test questions based on the points he studies.  If he cannot answer the questions satisfactorily, he goes back and reviews again.  Students who follow this advice often find many of the expected questions on the examination paper and thus score higher grades.~~



&gt; Most people believe that super achieving students usually get high marks because their noses are always stuck in books.  They are no good at sports and they are failures when it comes to their relationship with other especially the other sex.  In fact, this is not true.

How could someone write that

Just how?!

(Oh btw she is a very ruse person too but i won't be talking about that... i will talk about when she was talk about people with special needs she called them reta*ded)

How can you mess up that hard