Guys I need some advice      So in my high school there are a few special kids that go to there own classroom. However, one of which I who I will not name, isn’t considered special enough to be put with the other kids. He is able to keep up with his school work and do other things normally. He’s given full access to the school and social media, so he has the ability to talk to everyone whenever. Normally this wouldn’t be to bad, sure he may get on a few people’s nerves when he talks at the top of his lungs and roams around the hallways, but mostly it’s just a minor inconvenience which no one bats an eye. However, there is one thing that makes this a huge problem, the dude is super horny and talks to every girl like they’re his. 
     He takes pictures of them and beats off to them in the bathroom. He messages them creepily on Snapchat and other platforms. He follows them around and won’t stop bothering them. But since I’m not a girl it hasn’t really affected me much until he started talking to my girlfriend. He’a a super tall junior talking to my shorter freshman gf. They first met at marching band and since he’s fallen for her, he messages her creepily and says things like “you’re bf doesn’t have to know about us”, demands hugs from her, and tries to flirt with her all the time. She’s not the only one he does this with either, there are many girls who’ve been affected but when they try to report him to the school, they’re the ones that get in trouble bc he’s special. 
     So my gf can’t even report him out of fear of being punished by the school. Last month he even got a restraining order bc he harassed one of the girls. I’ve been trying to keep this situation under control but today was the worst day yet. He demanded that she let him take pics of her, and when she tried to change the convo he just kept going at the topic. She asked me to help but when I tried telling him that today wasn’t the best day for it, he got super depressed and started crying. She ended up letting him take the pics (against my advice) and now he’s never gonna leave her alone. I don’t know what to do so if anybody could give some advice I would appreciate it.