It's not all sunshine and rainbows &amp;#x200B;

It looks pretty good from the outside looking in but I assure you, every day feels like a bellowing hole and I know that millions of other girls are feeling the same way that I am and for some reason I feel united and alone at the same time

If you're white, society implores you that a tan line would extenuate your beauty. But the rest of us, the girls who are naturally so are bullied for the colour of our skin, made fun of for the little things that we can't change but all we hear is 'Don't take it personally' or 'Where they wrong?" So regardless of the colour of our skin, some of us were grown up wanting to see a white version of ourselves in the mirror.

And I'm tired of feeling as though the only thing that I can control in my life is my weight, staring at my plate as my eyes water because I've convinced myself that I've already eaten enough though my stomach says otherwise. I'm tired of seeing my friends cry in my shoulders because they can't take a bite of their meal and I have to help them. 

Each thought spirals into the other, convincing me that not only am I fabricating everything in my life but that THERE.ARE.PEOPLE.WHO.HAVE.IT.WORSE. That I'm not good enough, pretty enough, skinny enough, smart enough, worthy enough

Loving yourself is one of those little things that are told to us as children over and over again but in a world that loves to pick at young girls and tell them what to fix, it's counter productive. And I for one am sick of it. I'm sick of staring at my plate full of food, staring at myself in the mirror as I suck in, crying over my grades and feeling the weight of everyone's words upon me. And this is not rare, no. Millions of others feel this way but just know that we are not alone.

But I will not succumb and nor should you. Whoever is reading this, know that you are valid and there are people out there that are going to accept you for your flaws. Because through the tears and scars, I have a dream. A dream to be the first south-asian woman in my country's senate and nothing will pull me back. At first, it felt like a lie that I repeated to myself but no longer do I feel that way. You are strong, you are beautiful and you deserve to be loved.