My mom is a big toxic Karen, help? I am European and English is my second language so sorry for any typos:)

So, like I mentioned in the title, my mom is a Karen, not the "let me speak to your manager" type of Karen, worse. 

Basically, I am not vaccinated, neither is my brother, she's strictly anti-vax and I can't do anything, because I'm underage, I plan to get vaccinated right after I turn 18 (if I make it that far lmao) and I'll probably cut all the contacts w/ my family, not only for this reason there's waaay more reasons. This was reason one, so now reason number two.

She doesn't wear masks, she litteraly went to some sort of protest against masks just yesterday (I wear a mask at home), she doesn't believe in covid-19 and thinks it's just some conspiracy, and I kinda think that she's also a flat earther. And the reasoning behind why she believes all of it, is litteraly because she saw some crap on the internet. And why she won't wear masks? Oh, it's because "they suffocate her", her words, not mine. For me school hasn't started yet and like in any other normal place we most likely will be required to wear masks inside (I will even if it's not necessary), and after hearing this, she told me that she'll pull me out of school until it's not required anymore.

Reason number three. She's racist, homophobic and transphobic. At the moment I'm typing this, she's talking about how if black lives matter then "white lives also matter", of course they do, but we're not focusing on them, because why the frick should we be focused on privileged people, you are not getting killed for litteraly nothing, do you? I don't get her logic, she keeps saying that racism "doesn't exist", meanwhile when we're walking and see a person of color she gets scared and looks at them like they're "danger", that seems like racism to me, doesn't it? I have seen that look many times, and when I try saying something, she says she's not racist, even tho, SHE IS. 
I personally am a part of lgbtq+ community, not out, don't think I will ever be to her, during quarantine (which how you guessed she didn't really take seriously) I've been descovering new things about myself, and I realized that I am most likely non-binary, but the thing is, she doesn't think we exist, if I ever came out to her, she'd probably disown me. I've heard how she talks about lgbtq+ people, she has called them disgusting, wrong, sinfull and many other things, how she thinks it's a "perverted" thing to like people of the same gender. I can't stand it, before I knew she was that homophobic (around 2 years ago) I hinted that I support the community, it ended with a shouting match, me being grounded. She also said that she's not homophobic, and her argument was, and I repeat 'I couldn't be homophobic, because I could talk and sit beside a * homophobic slur *'. And I won't even start on her oppinion on trans people, all I can say, by her means, they, like non-binary/gender fluid and people with gender other than boy or a girl, don't exist.

Reason number four. She supports Trump, I think it's no surprise acctually. Like I said I'm not American, but she reads stuff on the internet, so now she thinks that Trump is a victim to all the "stupid" gen z kids that think they're better then anyone else.

She is very toxic too. Growing up I have been told numerous times, that I am not enough, or that I don't to enough. I have some anxiety issues and she doesn't care about it. She always tells me to be greatful for food and roof above my head, and I am, I really am, I understand how hard my parents work and I try to help around the house, but if I do, they only see the things I did wrong, I don't want any praising from them, I just want them to tell me a thank you for something I did, not even all the times, just once. They put me down, and then ask, why don't I like being with them, and that I should go find another parents if they're not good enough. They take my phone away (I also shouldn't be using it right now) because they think it is a bad influence, because I have different believes and oppinions on things, like the things I listed above. It's like a joke or something between them to call me trash, because I take out and recycle the trash (with my bare hands, idk why I'm telling this like it's a big deal lol). And they gave me some traumas in the past, I don't really want to talk about it, and they weren't really much, but it did kinda affect me in some ways. And after all that, they are confused because I don't tell them stuff about myself.

I'm writing this because I just felt sooo mad today, and I couldn't bottle it up, and I just had to tell this to some people I don't even know, to see if anyone has to deal with stuff like this too, and I really hope none of you do, but if unfortunately you have, I really hope everything will be alright, and it's okay to be you, even if your peers say otherwise. If you need to talk to someone, please do, you can always find somebody who listens, even me! A random stranger on the internet lol. So please everyone be safe, and just know, that it'll get better.