My very strange but good past month or so. Sorry for spelling and grammar, I am severely dyslexic but I need to express this story to People I don't know why, it's not on a throwaway because of requiring karma to post this is all true as well before people ask. It begins on the 15th of July when I (18M) am messing around on youtube and notice my oldest friend has posted a video for the first time in forever, I hadn't properly spoken to him since lockdown began because he was running a realm for a youtuber and he had been pretty busy, I click on the video which is on a Minecraft server thinking this is on that realm but no it's on an actual Java server and it looks pretty cool,I go to the description and there is a link to the discord server I join and find the IP for the server and wait. The next day me and my little brother join the server when my mate is on to surprise him, he is very surprised and gets us in a public VC on the discord and begins touring the smp during this a few people join as he is the server owner and people notice him in the VC one of these people is a Norwegian girl (18M) who is giving me and my brother cookies and saying how cute our skins are, she adds me on discord and sends me a picture of her dog, we carry on until I have to go and eat but me and the girl carry on messaging on discord. The next day I join the server and she jumps on and we carry on messing about with my brother and mate, she then convinces us to install valorent and we begin to play this happens the next day as well. At 1 in the morning on the 19 I get a call from her on discord and we talk for 5 hours she tells me it was her 18 birthday recently I talk about how my birthday is coming up soon and many other things it's clear we really click and get along great with very similar interests in many areas we talk about very personal thing like mental health and shit after that call I can only find one explanation but seriously doubt it, the next day she calls and again and it's clear how we both feel, this continues on for a week she goes and finds my Facebook and adds me on Snapchat during a call where I am talking about my parents wedding she asks whether or not our wedding can be like that, she then goes on a road-trip with her dad during this time there is one or two calls when we can. She gets back and we talk one or two times that week and it turns out she is moving out so is kinda busy, this is true before anyone doubts it as an excuse, during this time I turn 19, we are mainly chatting by text now due to the circumstances. The day she moves in we have a 30 minute talk in the afternoon she says we would talk later when she has to go but falls asleep that night we don't talk for the next day or two and my friend kinda has a breakdown I am trying to deal with that and fall asleep, when I wake up I have a message from her on discord saying that she is to busy for this to work and that she can't do long distance relationships. I am gutted but for some reason I didn't actually believe this was the end. The week goes on and on the Saturday I come up after eating to see her in the public VC for the smp with my mates there I join and she is crying and drunk saying that she misses me and that I deserve better than her but she wants to be with me and how if Corona wasn't a thing she would be flying to me as soon as possible. She leaves quite quickly after I join but sends a message on discord saying I miss you. The next day she sends the same message through Facebook messenger and I ask if we can talk, she says of course and we do, I say how much I like her and how I don't really deserve better and all we get back together and she falls asleep. Since that night we have called every night but she tends to fall asleep since she actually is back to doing things after the summer break, so we have not had a call longer than an hour. Since that call we worked shit out I have completely lost my appetite, she is now stuck in my brain, every time we talk after she falls asleep I go and sit in smp VC in a weirdly giddy state as if I am tipsy, I am checking when Norway will allow visitors from the UK without 10 day quarantine. I have left shit out obviously and I am not going to do a tldr because the point of this is more for me.