How to ruin a relationship 101 TL;DR God blessed me with happiness but I was an idiot and I wasted it by catfishing this girl because I liked her.

It was a cold Wednesday night in November of 2019, I was really bored on the public bus (where anyone could get on and off) home from after school work and suddenly out of the blue, a very pretty girl who looks around my age walks onto the bus. I had never seen her before and she sat on a seat across from me making it really easy to glance at her and just admire it.
She noticed me looking at her a couple of times and smiled but out of embarrassment I tried my best to make it seem like I wasn’t looking at her.

Then came the time for me to get off the bus, the bus stopped and I saw her stand up to leave the bus at the exact same time as me and surprise surprise she lived in the same estate as me, it was clearly an act of God but I was too stubborn to realise that at the time, I was actually shy for some reason, we were the only two who got off the bus then so we were all alone as we walked into the estate.
Now what happens next had potential to be really awkward because we were walking in the same path and I was walking behind her, I felt like saying hi to her but I have never done that to a girl in my life in a situation like that and I never did.

But she had other plans, she turned around and saw me walking behind her, I looked up and her and she said hi to me. Now I don’t know what came over me but somehow I had managed to start a long conversation with her as were walking down the path and we just started asking each other random things and we both smiled throughout the whole thing, it was a really good conversation but eventually I had to stop talking and go to my house so I said bye to her and she did the same. The whole night I just spent thinking why any of that happened at all and what I even did to deserve that.

The next week she never came onto the bus and I walked home alone and just thought to myself that she might be sick or something so I waited another week and she didn’t come again.

So curiosity got the better of me and I looked up her name on Instagram and after days of finding different people I finally found her profile, but I didn’t want to come off as weird so instead of following her I made a fake account and messaged her there with a fake name. Now this is where everything started to go a bit downhill, well not “a bit downhill”, this was basically the beginning of the end.

What happens next is pretty weird so before anyone asks I don’t know why I was like this and why I did what I did but just remember this was almost 2 years ago and I was dumb and stupid. 
I messaged her on the fake account telling her that I had a crush on her and she asked who I was and I told her I can’t tell her, she basically said to me that I can just tell her she won’t react weirdly or anything and I started giving her clues and answers to her questions, she was asking if I went to her school etc. I don’t really know where I was going with this once again I was really stupid back then.
I lied and told her I went to her school but then eventually she saw through that and asked me to tell the truth.

Now this conversation basically went on for a few days and another day came and surprisingly enough she came onto the bus I walked home with her, this time I asked her if she had instagram even though I knew she what it was I just wanted her to think that I only found out when she told me, and she did.

That night I added her on my real account and we didn’t really say anything there, so I logged onto the fake account and she seemed really invested in finding out who I was so I just continued to message her there.
A day after I was beginning to get bored and realised how weird what I did was so I just asked her if she wanted to know who I was, and she said yes so I did. 

Now I had really low expectations understandably and sure enough told me that we barely know each other and that we’ve only spoken to each other twice and we could never be in a relationship but we could still be friends.

I knew that what I did was really weird so I just told her okay but I didn’t really stay in contact with her because to be honest I didn’t deserve to be her friend after what I did, not only that but it wouldn’t be the same talking to her.

She did come onto my bus occasionally afterwards but we never talked in person after that, she would always walk on the other path and walk home by herself.

This was around Christmas so it was pretty hard dealing with this short lived moment of happiness but eventually I sort of got over it, I still think about it every now and then thinking about what could have been.