I’m scared So basically I posted selfies around here, a user (not to be mentioned, due to the possibility of her being an actual girl) DMed me, told me I was hot, and asked if I wanted to ‘review’ her (same age btw). Being the dumb teen that I am, I replied with ‘uh sure?’. Then she asked if I had Kik, I said no, then downloaded it. Then she asked for my username, I gave it to her. Then shit escalated real quick, she sent a picture of herself in yoga gear and I was dumbfounded... then she asked me to take my shirt off, because she thought I was ‘fit’. I was denying that, but at the same time wondered where this would get me. So then I took my shirt off and then took a picture, her replying with 😍😍😍. Then she sent me a picture of her posing in a bathroom, and asked a picture of me in my boxers. I had nothing under my pants at the time, I was just about to sleep, and replied with “I got nothing under these pants?”. Then she pressured me by literally sending a topless pic. I felt so insecure, I snuck into a room to retrieve my undies, she replied with, “this is your only chance”, and that basically pressed on my neck, it felt as if I had to take the picture, I felt as if I didn’t, I would be considered a huge pussy. So then I took a picture of myself in boxers, first checking if I woke anybody in the house up. Then she sent a full on vagina pic, I replied with “woah what no”. I did not even realize up until that point that we were ‘sexting’ the first time I even heard of that word, and now it disgusts me, but I was kind of ‘in the moment’, and she pressured me for a dick pic. So I sent her a dick pic, then she sent back a full on nude photo, my brain says ‘FUCKING ABORT DUMBASS WHAT ARE YOU DOING’ but my horny said otherwise. At that point I was so tipped off the edge, she replied with ‘jerk off, moan loudly, and cum, record it’ or something like that, too scared to look back and find everything on read. So then I shamefully took a video of me jerking off into a mirror, then releasing, sent it, and no reply, she didn’t even see the video, it was all left on the light D. I’m scared, what if sextortion happens? What if I get kicked out of school? What if my parents disown me? What if she got in trouble? Why did I agree in the first place if I knew I wasn’t supposed to? I honestly hate myself at this point knowing what I  had just done, I don’t know how to deal with it, I honestly wish things like this would slide but no there would probably be consequences, and I’m fucking scared