Your teenage years are the best of your life I'll take the time now to tell you (if anyone is reading this, that is) I'm gonna be here a while, so if you don't care, or in fact, don't believe me, then get lost. I'm sad and I don't need cynical arseholes telling me "so what?" I don't expect anyone to see this anyway. 

There is something wrong with that sentence: all of it. Fucking hell; I could go on and on about how much I fucking hate myself. There is nothing to like or to look forward to.

So for the past couple of years I've done a lot of growing up (well, duh). My mental state has changed. All my life I've struggled with friendships. For the first two years at secondary school I spent my break times alone. I stood in the corridor alone. I'm not and have never been a nerd. In secondary school prime saw me that way, because I barely talked and never got into trouble. In Year 8 I started to communicate more, and made some friends. Year 8 was the year I began to see things the way I do now. It was a time I started to properly grow as a person. I'd say I'd lived a pretty sheltered life. It was the first time I fancied a girl. We weren't compatible; she was popular. I was viewed as a nerd. Her boyfriend was popular, too. I experienced heartache. Year 8 was the first time I started wanking. Insignificant but I never could have seen myself doing it. It felt like such a short amount of time but looking back so much happened. I began acting naughty at school. My first detention, after school detention. By the end of the year I hung out with kids who I'd later find out never have a toss about me. That year I developed germophobia. I'd furiously wash my hands. They'd hurt. I'd come out of the shower being unclean. There would be times where I'd break down because I hated being in this body. I am and always have been skinny. A spin off from the germophobia was emetophobia - the fear of vomiting. I'd struggle to find the motivation to eat. I'd cry in front of my mum because of the painful hunger because I hardly ate. I lost weight. That summer was horrible; I'd sleep sat up because if I was on my side I'd feel full and if I felt full I thought I'd be sick. Going into Year 9 the emetophobia had worn off. Around the end of Year 8 and Year 9 I began questioning my sexuality. I started questioning as early as the time that I fancied the girl mentioned earlier. I hated that I might've been gay. It was something new, I didn't want my parents to disown me later on if I ended up actually being gay. (I actually think it was that summer between Year 8 and Year 9 that I got a boner over a picture of a boy). I also questioned the existence of God. I'd never believed in God. My family isn't religious and I was adamant that he didn't exist. But because it was becoming clear to me that I hate the person I am I slowly started to convince myself that he could exist. I used him as a leeway. I thought that my life would literally change. I prayed night after night that I'd wake up the next morning as a different person. And all this time I never told anyone. On this surface everything was hunky-dory. I was all by myself. I'd joke and mess around at school but when I was by myself I sink into self-pity. Year 9: my reputation had changed. No longer the goody two shoes. Kids accepted me, or so I thought. Them kids I hung around with sheer their true colours and when the chance came I left them. I walked away. Then I made a new friend. He moved up a set into my class because he was being grieved by another kid. I knew him. In previous years he'd grieved me, my lonely break times in Year 7 he'd come up to me and, well, not so much bully me. He just wouldn't leave me alone. The worst thing he ever did was come up to me and turn my phone off while I was on it. We had a good friendship in Year 9. He left at the end of the year. We last met in person by chance on a school trip to The Deep in Hull in Yesr 10, just before lockdown. When I went back to school in Year 10 after the summer holidays all my confidence had gone. I don't  know how of why, but it happened. The germophobia was still raging on. I'd scrapped God. Fuck him. What did he do? Two years of praying and I got nothing. Year 10 was just fucking boring. Nothing of interest happened. The self-loathing continued, though. There was a boy who I fancied. I was gay. Oh well. The germophobia was at its worst. My hands were red, and - I don't really know how to say, but I'll describe them as 'crusted'. At one point I'd end up with painful deep cuts in my knuckles and the joints of my fingers. The last day of school before lockdown was bad. There were certain people I associated with being unclean. I hated even brushing past someone. The bus journey hone I was sat next to an 'unclean' person, in seats 'unclean' people had sat in. For me, lockdown was time to relax. I could easily follow the schedule I'd developed. I was in control. Wake up at eight o'clock, breakfast at thirty-four minutes past, brush teeth, shower, go on phone, prepare lunch at 11:50, eat lunch at 12:05, finish lunch at 12:15, wash hands, (sometimes up to half an hour) eat an apple with juice at 13:25 and finish at 13:35, take piss and wash hands, a cup of tea and Jammie Dodgers at 14:50 and finish at 15:00, tea at five o'clock, supper at 19:25, brush teeth and go to bed any time after. (Some of these times have shifted over time; the ones above are the current schedule). It's a tough schedule to live by. If I was even a minute out I'd have a hissy fit. It's more relaxed now, because most of the time I just don't care. Coming back to school in Year 11 was awful. The social anxiety, the interruption of my schedule. Nothing was organised. I didn't know what to do. I wasn't in control. For the entire first week back I came home and cried out of hopelessness. And if was genuine. I couldn't hold back. Many nights for the past couple of years I'd hopelessly cry. But one time in Year 10 is one I won't forget. I woke up and cried. I didn't want to be here. I just lied in bed and silently sobbed, because I didn't want anyone to know how I had it. 

And that's a generalisation of how it's been the past couple of years. I've done my best to detail my experience. I'm now going to detail how things have been recently. A girl I've known since Year 7 (who I found I could connect with as I thought we thought similarly on certain topics) is off school because of bulimia. She has it bad. Also s friend came out as bi, while I stared in his face with him unaware that I'm in the same boat. Another friend opened up to me about his depression, and as the conversation ended a tear fell down his face. He said he's self-harmed and contemplated suicide. (I've known other kids who have poor mental health, too. Another friend has OCD and has self-harmed and had counselling. Another (former) friend actually attempted suicide). I dismiss my own struggles because I see myself as unimportant. If other people have it worse than me then why should anyone else care. A couple of weeks ago I opened up to a teacher about my mental health and when I go back to school I'm seeing a counsellor who is going to come in. Not long after I came out to my mum, and she wasn't even bothered. And tonight, I'd been planning on watching the film *Mank* with my dad. He essentially told me he couldn't be bothered. It's an insignificant thing but I'd placed this. I have no real control. One thing I love in this world is cinema. It's my passion. This year I'd planned to watch a film everyday. Day one and it's fallen through. My resolution was commitment and to be motivated. I lost motivation. 

Hear I've really tried to get it all out. I've taken my time trying to find the words to best describe how I'm feeling. This is the most definitive explanation I've given to anyone. I've been typing this for so long now that I feel I may have forgotten to say some things, that the initial time has changed. I'll be honest I can't be bothered anymore. I don't even know how I was going to conclude this. What I'll now is I hate myself. I acknowledge that that's one of the perks of growing up. To me there's no point. I'm not suicidal, and the only interest I've shown is when I took a knife out of the wrack and pressed it on my arm. I didn't go through with it. Some people may be annoyed at teens claiming to be depressed. But some have it hard. I'm not preaching or anything. I just want someone who cares.