My best friend of a year and a half thought it was best to go our separate ways This is going to be long, so I apologise in advance.

For a bit of context, I've been homeschooled my whole life, so I haven't had the chance to interact much with people my age. I've resorted to interacting with a lot of people over the internet. I hadn't really grown very close with anyone I had talked to over the years, but one particular person I actually became way closer with than I had ever thought I could over the internet.

We started chatting on twitter. We talked there for about 6 months, and then we started talking on discord. Our relationship grew stronger as we told each other about our fears and anxieties. It felt so good to tell someone about my feelings and receive feedback about hers, and over time we formed a bond that seemed to be unbreakable. Both of us agreed that whenever we called (which wasn't often) we felt safe and comfortable. We trusted each other. At one point not that long ago I asked her why she still cared about me and trusted me so much. She said:

"everything. it’s the fact that you make me feel so safe. and you always make me feel like my emotions are valid. even when i think i’m being stupid. you’re always there when i need you. and i’ve never really had that before. i feel like i can tell you anything without feeling the fear of you judging me. i love that we can talk about literally anything and it’s a safe place. and yes, of course i care. i care a lot. sometimes i think i care too much about you. i didn’t think i could have such a connection with someone that i met over the internet. there’s not a single day that goes by that i don’t think about you. it takes a lot for me to be able to trust someone. it takes a really strong connection for me to be able to be myself. and there was just something about you that instantly made me feel that you were a safe person for me to be around."

This touched me, and although this wasn't the first time she's said something like this, it just made me feel better about any insecurities I had at the time. It made me feel so good to be that person that helped her through panic attacks and suicidal thoughts, coming up out of bouts of self harm, and being right there by her side, being that I struggled just as much as she did. We helped each other through some of the darkest times in our lives. It was at this point I was convinced I had found a true friend. I guess she seemed so happy to talk to me that I never expected her to want to go her separate way. Nevertheless, today I received this message from her:

"Hey, I’ve been doing a lot of thinking these past few weeks and there’s some things I need to tell you. I’ll spare you all of the details &amp; just get to the point. I feel that it’s best if we go our separate ways. I really appreciated your presence in my life but I’m a different person now. There’s nothing you did in particular and I don’t want you to blame yourself for this at all. I have just figured out my priorities and I feel that it would be best for me and my mental health that we find our own paths in life. It’s been an amazing year and bit talking to you. But I feel that this is chapter in my life that needs to be closed. And right now I feel that I need to focus on myself and the people around me. The things you did to help me is truly indescribable. I will always be grateful for you being in my life. I have been thinking about this for a while and it’s been eating away at me. And I feel that it’s the best time for me to express how I’m feeling. I will always love you and I will always be grateful that you were in my life. Thank you for everything."

To anyone else, it might not hit the same as it did when I read this. I felt the blood leave my face. The fact that she wanted to part ways in and of itself is not necessarily that shocking, but I just didn't see it coming. I would imagine that when this happens in other friendships/relationships, one person or the other can usually see it coming. But this- This hit me like a truck.

That being said, I want to be very clear that I completely understand her reasons, and I 100% respect her decision to put her priorities and mental health first. I also respect the fact that with her anxiety, that must have been so hard to come forward like that and say that flat out. I imagine it took a lot of courage.

However, I think the part that wrenches my stomach the most is the fact that she's taken reasonably long breaks before, and she always told me first, promising to be back eventually. I was sometimes a little disheartened, but glad she was putting her mental health first. This, though is permanent. She was so... straightforward. It was clear that this was a final decision. So fast. So sudden.

In any case, I responded to her saying I understand and I respect her decision, and appreciated her honesty and for being frank. But honestly, I had so much more to say, so many more questions, and I was just responding in mere shock, not knowing why this almost two year long friendship had to come to an end.

We said our goodbyes one last time and that was that. It didn't feel real. I began questioning if it was stupid to become so emotionally attached to someone on the internet, but deep down, I really think we had a strong bond of love. We even promised that one day we would meet and finally be able to hug.

In conclusion, I think this is going to take some time to heal. I'll be ok in time. We both have our entire lives in front of us, so much to learn, so much to experience. I hope she finds as much joy and contentedness as I hope to one day find.

Thank you to anyone that took the time to read this. Honestly I don't care if anyone does, it just helps to have all of this typed out.

I love you so much Laura. I'll never forget you for the rest of my life.