I (M17) had an obsession with my ex-crush who was very very VERY rude to me. It’s time to move on. It’s been a year. I’m done... 
[Link to Full Story of possibly the WORST crush I will ever have](https://www.reddit.com/r/offmychest/comments/kwcp0r/ive_m17_mentally_broken_over_a_dumb_crush_that/?utm_source=share&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;utm_name=iossmf)

Well after all that, basically I showed the video to her friend and she said it was really good, but my ex-crush said she would sue me. Toxic bullshit. She just said that because she hated me but she wasn’t going to pull through. Empty threats.

Everybody told me to avoid it, you know. Avoid anything and everything that reminded me of her, to focus on myself, to not feel bad about it... because at the end of the day all those people said the same thing; that it wasn’t my fault.

Of course having the stubborn mind of a 17 year old, I didn’t listen. My obsession with this girl just drew me into wanting closure, one last talk— because that’s the best way to end it all for good, right? Ahaha.. all of yesterday, just constant struggle between my own two halves, one wanting to drop ALL that baggage like everyone said, the other part of me at its limit wanting to hold onto that human being as hard as it possibly could.

Being blocked on everything I stole my moms phone... 
send her one final audio. 
One where I tell us to make up. One where I say to her “This is ridiculous. I even made a video to entertain you.” One where I say “This happened a year ago. Let’s just make up and let go.” “Our situation was really stupid.” One where I was nearly in tears, and ranted about how dumb it is to say that just because I’m a guy that I deserve all of those hostile terms that she said to me.

“Please grow up...” was the last thing I said.

Not a word. No reply. After four minutes, she just blocked the phone number.

...

It’s finally time.

A year full of pain and hurt over a random woman that acted like she cared about me for a total of two months then stopped over me flirting at a party with a stupid fucking cow plushie.

Visibly upset, afraid, teared-up, she giggled at my emotions, acted mean and angry. Unstable, rude, moody, manipulative... that human being doesn’t have an ounce of empathy for me. I’d hate to say this but it really looks like her heart is dark and rotten, just pure fucking evil. 

That darkness and unkindness in her heart just leaves me with an empty anxiety. One that makes me cry and shake like a little kid because it reminds me of all the bad and awful shit that people do, just asking myself how there could possibly be humans out there that can do this stuff to others... no, no, even after all that I’m feeling like it was all my fault. 

I think that now, as a reflection of everything that occurred... I’d go as far as to say that no matter how much a girl mistreats me, 

I will never be treated as bad as that woman treated me. 

Unless it’s my wife, I will never experience as much stress with another woman again as much as I did with that woman.

And I’d hate to ask for this... but all I want is for somebody to cheer me up now. This is the worst crush I will probably ever have in my entire life. I just want to be happy again.