For everyone.. This year has been quite shit for everyone. 

To the people who have lost loved ones: hold on to those memories, use those emotions to keep going, we have to face the hard truth that they are not going to come back but trust me over time you will learn to except this. I’m not saying the pain will every fully go away but at some point you have to let go 

To the people with friends struggling: check in with them, if you know what people are going through and they trust you enough to tell you, use that information to try and change that. You can be that one person that can make them reconsider something in there life, sometimes all they need is someone who cares, someone who can just listen. 

To the people that know no one struggling: look around, at your friends, family, co workers. The people you least expect always have something going on. Ask the friend that seems to have it all together, ask the friend who doesn’t talk to much, ask the friend who is often home alone, ask the friend who looks like they have pain in there eyes. 

To the people that are struggling themselves: reach out, there’s always someone who will listen and genuinely care about you and if you can’t think of any I’m sure that someone in this sub would be more then happy to listen, you’re not alone. So many people are silently drowning, to scared to spill there emotions to other people, to scared of what would happen if they did, you brain  won’t let you see how bad something is getting. If you can’t figure out how to help yourself, help others, be there for someone just like you want there to be someone for you 

To the people who are suicidal: even if you feel like you don’t have a reason to live, use those emotions and feelings to push other people that need it then eventually u might learn to help yourself to. 


As someone who covers most of these, I want to exist for other people, I don’t really care abt myself (idk if that’s a good thing 😐)  but if you read this it means nothing without doing something and Ik not many will see this but if I can change one persons outlook that’s all that matters