THE BLACK Chapter 2 The Person Next day after max knew about the black creatures,he and Chris woke up and wore their clothes,they both went down stairs”we’re going to the city mom and dad”Chris said”we’ll just don’t be late”Chris’s mom said.
They both have reached the city and they went to a store and took a seat,they both started talking about what might happen and that they have to get ready,while they were talking a guy that was beside them overheard their talk”you don’t know what your doing”the guy told them”what are you talking about”Chris said”we are just talking about random stuff and stories...”
“No need to lie”the guy said”I already you know what you both are talking about and you both clearly know nothing...”Chris looked at the guy and then looked at max”let’s go max...”Chris said.
The guy then stood up and held his shoulder”I’m jack...”jack said”if you see anything else crazier or more powerful...call me”jack then have them their number on a piece of paper”I don’t think we’ll need help anyways...”Chris said”just take the number”jack then put it in his pocket.
“Whatever”Chris then took the number and walked away.
Suddenly he was somehow at night and he was still in the shop he then saw light coming out of a door and everyone was gone.
“Max! Where are you!”Chris said and then looked at the door.
Chris Sartre walking time the door and he opened it slowly.
He then saw one a hall way and there were no doors in this hall way and there was just a dead end.
Chris then saw one of the black creatures standing at the end of the hall way looking at him.
The creature started running towards Chris.
Chris then fell on the ground and everything was back to normal,he saw max standing out of the shop waiting for Chris and there was no hall,it was just a small room with brooms and and cleaning stuff in it,Chris then stood up and went outside the shop and he and max were back to the house.
Max then took the number out of Chris’s bag without him noticing and went to his room and said to himself”if I’m not gonna call him then no one will”then he ripped apart the number.