It’s all falling apart, and it’s my fault There’s something wrong with me. I used to be a decent kid, doing my work getting A’s and B’s. But as life goes on there just seems to be nothing ahead. Let’s start from the beginning (warning- I’m total ass at telling stories, sorry if there’s anything weird, feel free to ask me). 

Let’s start in mid seventh grade (last year). I did amazing in school, almost all A’s but a few high B’s I could clean up. I cared. Life was good. Never any homework, never too much school related stress. And then the descent started. Near the end of seventh grade (before quarantine) my math grade slipped a little bit. I quit doing homework and I didn’t understand most of the new concepts that were happening (advanced math so we were just on the verge of going into algebra class where i am this year). I realized that even without doing my homework I still felt fine and I started realizing that school wasn’t important.

Then quarantine happened and my math grade went to a D because I didn’t give a single fuck and didn’t understand. I still passed because they were EXTREMELY forgiving with the grades because of quarantine. My life over the summer was amazing. Nothing was better than playing video games I loved everyday, hanging out with family I only get to see once a month or two during school, and overall just being happy. And because life was great I didn’t worry, and I went into this school year without a care in the world because I knew life was better than some stupid school.

Now it’s eighth grade and many of my grades are slipping big time. I stopped caring but it still stresses me out. I don’t care enough to do the work because school is bullshit and I have a good life. But school has leaked more and more into the caring side of my brain for some reason and I can’t enjoy stuff anymore. I feel guilty for not doing my work but doing it makes me want to shoot myself because it’s a waste of time, but if I do anything else I feel guilty and the cycle continues. Life isn’t as enjoyable and it’s my fault but I know I just shouldn’t care.

That felt more like rambling than a story, but the bottom line is - My life is good, but my stupid fucking brain won’t let me forget about all the pointless bullshit. I just want it to stop, I want all my worries to wash away and I want to be able to tell myself it’s okay, but for some reason I just can’t accept that.

I’m so sorry if you read this whole thing.