2020 won’t be the end. Some people are under the impression that after 2020, things will get back to “normal”. That’s wrong, this IS our normal now. Every problem with 2020 is becoming increasingly more common. Let me elaborate.

First: a non-comprehensive list of all the bad shit in 2020 so far. Mass fires, pandemics, civil unrest, police brutality, racism, economic and ecological collapse. I will now explain why all of these will continue to plague us for many years. 

I’ll try to be as objective as possible. I request that commenters to do the same.

Fires: As you know, fires are caused by any spark in a dry flammable area. Unfortunately due to climate change, the world is becoming both dryer and hotter. Yes, fires are a natural healthy part of our ecosystem. But devastation caused by fires is not supposed to be anywhere near what we are seeing today. Now, due to feedback loops climate change is now self-causing, so fires will become both more common and stronger. (Source: https://www.ucsusa.org/resources/climate-change-and-wildfires)

Pandemics: The coronavirus will not end due to 2020 ending. It’s not even close to stopping. We won’t get a vaccine anytime soon either, the fastest vaccine developed was Mumps, and that took four years. Four. Corona has been a thing for just over half a year. (Source on my “it’s not close to over” claim: https://www.worldometers.info/coronavirus/worldwide-graphs/)

Civil Unrest/Police Brutality/Racism: Mainly going to focus on the USA on this segment, because I live there. As you know, on May 25 George Floyd was killed in custody of the police, who put a knee on his neck for several minutes and ignored his pleas for help. This was the final straw for many americans, after years of police brutality and many killings. Also, police killed black Americans disproportionately (13 percent of the population and 23 percent of the killings). People confronted police with this information, and protested them. The police responded with even more police brutality. The conflict is escalating with terrorism on the right (civilians and police shooting protesters) and riots on the left (self explanatory). I seriously doubt this will end by 2021, it’s even heating up. Also, I left out many details, like systematic racism, convict slavery and qualified immunity. If you wanna know more, I recommend doing research on those 3 subjects. (Source: https://mappingpoliceviolence.org)

Economic issues: (I know this is controversial but please remain civil) Things are not going well economically. 821 million do not have enough food yet we produce enough food to feed 10 billion, economic inequality is at an all time high as one percent of people have more than the bottom half, the minimum wage does not give even enough money to live, and we have more empty houses than homeless people. These are all problems, some worse than others. Obviously since these problems existed before 2020 they will exist after it. The funny thing is, all of these issues have an obvious solution, but we refuse to acknowledge it.

Ecological collapse: This is a bad one, perhaps the worst. But first, a little history. There were 5 mass extinctions in the past (defined as a huge number of species disappear in a short period of time), including the one that killed off the dinosaurs at the end of the Triassic period. Most  scientists agree that there was a sixth one. Or rather, we are in the sixth one. Species are dying *at least* 100 times faster than normal. That means for every new species that evolves at least 100 others die out. (https://naturalhistory.si.edu/education/teaching-resources/paleontology/extinction-over-time)For obvious reasons, this is quite bad. And that’s not all, according to www.livekindly.co/60-of-all-mammals-on-earth-are-livestock-says-new-study/amp/ only four percent of earth’s mammal population is wild. I’ll let you draw the conclusions with this info. Obviously since the problem is getting worse, it won’t die along with 2020.

In summary, things are bad. Things were bad before 2020, they will be bad after. Just because this year seemed worse than the last doesn’t mean the next one will be better. Thank you for listening to my ted talk.

Pm me for questions or discussions about what I said.