I AM IN DEEP TROUBLE!! MY PARENTS SAW WHAT I WAS DOING AND NOW THEY'RE GOING TO INSTALL A PARENTAL APP ON ALL OF MY DEVICES!!! Edit (March 4, 2021 - 4:15 PM eastern): 

First, the OG owner said his parents didn't allow him, and the second owner said he has to use a reddit account for his work (he just needed to create a new one because of too much private stuff), and I am the third owner (just noticed today that the display name and bio of my profile is from the 2nd owner). The account went through an email address and password change ever time the account was sold to a new owner.

Second, I already did factory reset and backup to a NEW iCloud account, but I have Apple devices (iPhone 11 Pro, iPad Air, Apple Watch, and MacBook)

------END OF EDIT------

So this Reddit account wasn't mine at first, it was owned by a once 16 year old when it was first created, but about 3 months later it was sent to a "new" owner that was about 28 years old, but about 2 weeks ago it was sold to me (a 15 year old).

But now my parents busted me using Reddit when I wasn't supposed to (that was 2 days ago) and my parents saw a NSFW post. But now I'll have a parental app on my phone in about a week so now I have to check reddit AT SCHOOL (that means yes, I am writing this at school). Because I wrote down the password for this account on a sticky note, I was able to log in at school using a remote desktop on a newly created domain (can't remember the password for this reddit account well because I have a strong password), reddit is blocked at school

My parents are gonna install an app on ALL my devices next week that they can see my actual screen so I have NO privacy, so I guess I'm gonna have to watch toddler videos like Cocomelon for the first time since I was 6 (I'm 15 now, don't remove this because I'm 15). My parents just removed my YouTube premium and adblocker and forced me to use this terrible ChildSafe YouTube client that is set to kids mode so now I have to deal with a childish UI that has random kids sounds on the UI.

So now I may have to sell the account back to the previous owner that is 28 years old or even abandon/delete the account. 

It lasted a well 2 weeks. I'll see the r/teenagers gang next year (hopefully).