I have a problem with myself that I want to fix. I have a problem with judging people based on there religious beliefs as there religion they believe in tends to hold lots of immoral and bad ethnic beliefs on certain groups. Along with doing lots of hypocritical things and worshiping certain individuals like Donald trump and the Republican Party of the United States. Along with seemingly not taking criticism of there religion and refusing to actually have any intellectual discussions and use poor apologetics instead of admitting they were wrong on certain things.

As for other problems I have it’s mainly on what there religion promotes specifically what Christianity promotes as that seems to be the majority in the USA based on polls and other data that’s been done. I personally see lots of Christians in the USA as being very hypocritical and think there religion is morally bankrupt. I Don't have much else to say. Just a few examples below to prove my point. 

1. The teaching that regardless of a person's merit, they'll be eternally damned if they don't believe in Jesus. 

2. Looking forward to, and often trying to help along the end of the world through war, and environmental degradation. 

3. Claiming to want little or nothing to do with the world, but continually inserting itself into politics in order to maintain broader social/cultural control. 

4. Filling the heads of children with ideas of eternal torture, and suffering in order to keep them too scared to question those in authority. 

5. Preying on the weak, and vulnerable. Bringing in addicts, mentally ill folks, and the poor in order to use their desperation to boost numbers, and make more money to keep the church running.

Also a more terrifying counterpoint to number one is this: you could be a giant piece of sh*t who does horrible things, but you swear fealty to Jesus and you get into heaven for all of eternity.

Those are but some of the unethical and immoral things the church teaches along with them being extremely regressive and immoral on other issues involving human rights and seemingly lacking empathy for other human beings which seemingly went against what Jesus taught. Can anyone help me with this issue?