Anyone else here that one "therapist friend"? Last year I went through some shit. Since I was a little kid I've had problems with Depression, but last year in particular I went through relationship problems, physical abuse from my mom, loss of friends, minor drug addiction (nicotine), suicide attempts, and all symptoms that come with severe depression such as sleep problems, emptyness and no motivation, rapid weight changes, all that shit. That was some time ago tho and luckily at the moment I'm doing pretty well.

I wish I could say the same for other people tho. I'm currently trying to help 3 people through depression. My girlfriend, who has severe anxiety problems and deals with shitty divorced parents and other things. She's doing pretty well right now, but she has bad days and I try to do my best to help her as much as I can in any way I can. Then I'm helping 2 other friends, both female, both going through some shit. One of them is just having a hard time with finding motivation and purpose and just feels empty inside, the other one is going through some shit and problems with her friends.

I talk to all of them daily, I listen, I never judge, I sometimes try to give any advice I could come up with, but overall I try my best to be there for them because I've gone through some really tough shit and it's literally hell on earth and it physically pains me to know and see people going through the same shit and I wanna do anything I can to prevent that and I swear to god hearing people tell you "you're the reason I'm still alive" is so fucking rewarding knowing you're making a positive impact on people's lives. 

My girlfriend is like the one person on earth that I care most about. All I ever want to do is to make her happy. I remember one day she got into a really tough argument with her sister, and afterwards she ended up cutting herself which I hope she'll never do again, and she got on a call with me and started talking about it and she started crying about her constant fighting between her in her sisters and her mom and her incredibly shitty dad and I swear to god it broke my heart but knowing that she trusts me as a shoulder to cry on and to open up to me is a really rewarding feeling and I stayed on that call with her for hours reassuring her that I'm there for her and I'm never leaving her as long as she needs me and then things went silent and she just said "I love you" and I'm not really the type of person to get emotional or every cry but I swear to god i almost felt my eyes start to tear up. Like holy shit knowing that you're genuinely making a positive impact on these peoples lives is just a rush like no other and it gives me fulfillment.