evidence that britney spears is the reincranation of einstein so we all know who einstein is. hes the dude who invented the lightbulb and thermonuclear omnidirectional airspace mechanics engineering. and he was born and died about 500 years ago. but i am here to tell you that einsteins soul is actually still alive and is in the body of a girl. yes i am talking about britney motherfucking spears.

ok so ur asking "WHAT??" and ur also asking where im going with this. just wait on that. first of all let me just justify this post that its teen related to the mods so they WONT REMOVE IT LIKE WHAT THEY DID WITH MY STEVEN UNIVERSE POST

it is teen related because britney is a gen z icon. a gay gen z icon. no gen z doesnt know her. eve go tio places where theres no internet. i can tell you they know about britney spears. why?? well that questions easy. it is because BRITNEY IS A REINCRANATION OF EINSTEIN.

ok so now back to the topic. we all know all the numerous songs that britney has done. toxic, if u seek amy, 3, criminal, womanizer, break the ice, etc etc. but what u didnt know is that a lot of these things coincide with a bunch of things to einstein. for example, her In The Zone: Extended Play was released on april. WHICH IS THE SAME TIME EINSTEIN DIED. COINCIDENCE???? NO OBVIOUSLY NOT. another example is her album Femme Fatale which was released in the same month 2 years after einsteins death anniversarry. my final example for this is THE FACT that toxic was released the same day as his marriage with his wife and they got divorced 5 years later. so im pretty sure toxic is actually a song commemorating einsteins love for his wifes sister if u dont think thats enough for you. then i have more.

my next point is the fact that her songs numerous invertions. u know all those songs i meantioned earlier?? well those songs are also inventions which the government covered up because of the fact that she is the reincarnation of him. lets look at those songs i said earlier. toxic was a song about einstein loving someone else who isnt his wife AND it also inveted toxic waste management which makes the world better. if u seek amy invented wordplay, spelling, and the name amy. why do you think there are no old people named amy?? thats why and dont forget this song also invnted bisexuality. she literally said "all of the boys and all of the girls are begging to if u seek amy". 3 invented counting and the rule of three. thats pretty much self explanatory. womanizer invented the stock market, money and the concept of business. have u seen the dude doing whatever on his laptop in the mv?? he just learned about what business was 5 minutes ago from britney. break the ice invented anime, natasha romanov , and totally spies, . i mean look shes was in anime. and she was doing spy shit nuff said. and this inspired valve to not release portal 3 and left 4 dead 3 because of they were inspred by the fact break the ice also invented ending ur story in a cliffhanger and never following it up years later. there are other things britney has invented like impulsiveness and lack of self control (slave 4 u), lesbianism ( that one time at the vma where she kissed xtina and madonna), and the entertainment industry (circus). but thats all the tip of the iceberg. if i told u all abt i wouldnt have enought time to watch denali and rose's lip sync to if u seek amy. im just saying is that ther geniousity and mastermindedness seems eerily similar. hmmmmm

my last point is her iconicness. britney spears is an iconic legend. we all know that. you know whos also iconic??? EINSTEIN. EINSTEIN LITERALLY USED SIENCEY BULLCRAP SO HIS NEXT BODY COULD BE VERY ICONIC AND HE DID IT WELL!!!!! it is because of that britney rose to popularity when she released oops i did it again (inventeed the education system) it is thanks to whateinstein did britney rose to godhood among he pop culture peers. so id like to say thank you enstein for making britney spears so so so very iconic.

in conclusion i would say that it is pretty obvious of if you put two and two together. ur probably mindblown by know with the fact that britney is einstein. suffice to say that this post will make headlines because i have the mind of a mastermind and im so creative like. thank you. goodbye