reddit is not 'filled' with incels Before you downvote this rant, I really think this is an unpopular opinion, considering how common it is to say "reddit is filled with incels" or "this/that sub is filled with incels"

INCEL is the new SIMP. its extremely overused now, it used to be fine to use but then everybody started using it at every little thing.

assuming when people say "filled" they mean the majority,

don't know why reddit gets a reputation for being majority of sexists when the amount of sexism and racism is the same as any other big social media. 95% of the big subreddits are not sexist at all considering the stuff that makes it to "all" on subs like white people twitter, black people twitter, murder by words,clever comebacks, facepalm etc etc all have pro women with 50k or some insane amounts of points.

also subs like tik tok cringe and have very pro-women posts that get insane amount of points compared to the rest of posts. most posts about sex workers have comments with lots of points defending sex work. on starterpacks sub reddit any post including girls has people in comments going apeshit without even understanding the joke or point. "this post was made by an incel","incel alert" are so common everywhere. awful everything sub usually just has tweets and posts and other things like that but when a post showing two tweets about a woman's hypocrisy was popular everyone in comments was like "this sub is so misogynistic","whats happening to this sub,this isnt awful" and things like that.

every post making fun of feminists has people in comments defending feminists. boys vs girls wojack memes are famously criticized all the time. so if Reddit was a majority of sexist then these things wouldnt be happening. and most sexist comments gets downvoted 99% of the time.

most subs over 200k arent sexist, cuz if they are they either get taken down or get quarantined like the red pill or MGTOW so mods take sexist posts down on subs like pussy pass denied and most sexist comments over there either get downvoted or someone corrects them and that has more points. BTW subs like FDS are still not quarantined when its considered hate subs by even feminists. also on subs like are the straights ok its very normal to just flat out say that you hate men and men are bad.

two x chromosome also has 13 million members and most posts that get popular there are criticizing men,im not saying that is wrong im just saying that women will go to mars and still the post that would make it to hot would be a 'men bad' post. so that sub is less about women and more about criticizing men.

i would say that there are more femcels on reddit than incels but tbh i dont have enough points on that so maybe some other day. these are all the examples i can think from the top of my head.

when people say reddit is filled with incels/misogynists i just assume that person living in 2014 reddit or something.

thanks for reading my broing rant,sorry if there is a typo.