I finally came out to my mother After about 6 years of questioning me sexuality wondering if i was straight, bi, pan, or ace I was finally able to put it all together. I’ve never been the nervous type and I’ve never had an issue expressing my emotions to my mother. She’s made it extremely easy for me as her only child to not lie to her and actually express my emotions without feeling like i’ll be punished or scolded for telling the truth. 

When i was in middle school i first had the thought that i might like boys but later was given a taste of what i thought i liked (by testing the waters with homosexual boy in my school that liked me). I didn’t feel comfortable so i figured that i wasn’t actually bisexual but just going through hormonal bullshit. I asked my mother about it and even said to her that i thought that i was bisexual and at first she was a little shocked but asked me question but was never dismissive. She told me that if it’s truly how i feel and that it’s what i actually want that she’ll support me. I later had a conversation with her and told her what happened and she told me that it’s most likely just me going through changes and that i should define what i am until later in life. 

Going through high school although i dated too many people to count truth be told and was kinda a hoe/ fuckboy i never ventured back to boys. So throughout all of that i felt that i was straight and that there was no question about it until i turned 17. While at the time i was no longer in high school and was on my second year of college i met this transgender girl that i originally was unaware that she was transgender. While alone with her one day things happened and she warned me ahead of time that she had a penis. Although i had never been with someone like her in the past, i didn’t know how to feel about it at but i didn’t feel bugged about it either. I decided i would test it out and i didn’t see a problem with it. 

After that experience i was conflicted and confused on what label i should put on myself. For you see, i’m ace and don’t really care for sex but will participate in it only to pleasure my partner. Now i’m in a situation where I don’t mind what’s down there as long as they are feminine everywhere else and yet i’m also ace. I sat my mother down sparking from a conversation we had about relationships and i finally decided to tell her that i “made up my mind” if you can even say that. 
She sat there stunned for a moment but then smiled at me. Told me that she doesn’t care what i label myself as or who i like as long as i’m happy in the end. 

I don’t think i could ask for a better response or better
mother.