The Ronald McDonald experience 
So there was I, driving to the same McDonalds after my job at the cock rating headquarters, like everyday for the past 4 years. Bored of this monotonous life i decided to lunch at a KFC establishment instead.

As i finished my hot chicky tendies i soon came to the realisation that my poo poo hole was under siege by powerful and ravenous force which I can only describe as the shit ravagers.

Cowardly but steadily i made my way to the luxurious bathrooms of this establishment while a holocaust ensued in my colon. As i entered the bathroom, the wrath of the damned fell upon me and i unleashed my payload with the power of a thousand gay men at a Queens festival.

So there was i, laying on the once shiny floor that now me and it were covered in shit and crying. All of a sudden i hear a voice, a very familiar voice but couldn't pinpoint whose was exactly. I cleaned my eyes from the musky shite and took a look at that manly and very cock erecting voice. It was none other than Ronald McDonald with a rather dissapointed look in his face, as if he was judging me that i chose to dine in a KFC instead of his fabulous establishments.

I tried through my sobbing and tears to explain to him the reason of my choice but he put his hand on my shit covered hair, He whispered " it's ok my child, i understand but i can't help but feel betrayed.". "i'll do anything to make it up to you, daddy" i replied with a broken voice.

"Anything?", he replied as he was firmly grabbing His stiff yet weirdly gentle cock. "Yes" i said while i turned my ass cheeks to his side. He thrusted and i could feel my soul being purified, i couldn't believe that the cock of capitalism was in me, it was awe enducing. With every thrust i could feel my filthy soul being cleansed by the holy cock of the Lord, enjoyed by hundreds of generations and i was lucky enough to experience it for myself.

After hours of cock and balls action he told me to look at him, who he then promptly let a nuclear load on my face. I could feel my sins being washed away by the holy cock juices of the Ronal McDonald, i was at last purified. When i wiped his cummy suprise off of my eyes he was nowhere to be found. He left like the wind to go on his holy crusade to cleanse all of this putrid world of moral decency.

So there was I, laying on the floor of a KFC bathroom, covered in shit and cum, unable to move as his cock had paralysed my lower body but alas i was a pure man, a happy man, a fullfilled man.