My Fucked Up, Bipolar Life: Day 5 People:
M + G: My Two Girl Friends, also the only two people i will willingly talk to about my mind and my thoughts.

G, R, K or D: My guy(one girl) Friends, help me stop thinking, not honest about my feelings with though.

Moods: 
1. Normal Me: Rarely shows, best version of me
2. Depressed Me: Just feel really down and sad. Usually leads to self harm, shaking and trembling and a inability to sleep.
3. Euphoric Rush Me: Sudden and random spurts of happiness, leads to uncontrollable eye movement and a need to move. Also leads to a inability to sleep.
4. Murderous Me: Worst version of me, physically cant stop, mentally cant stop. I am obsessed with homicide. This as well leads to a inability to sleep, but easily the worst.
5. Mix: Mix of two of them (usually 2 and 4) which just leads to absolute chaos.

Yesterdays Recap: Felt all around pretty good. As the day went on I felt worse. And I knew I was in a constant downfall and I needed to prepare for the possible issuing torture. But all around soild. Spend most of the day in mood #1.

Today: Today was fucking weird to say the least. Yesterday I knew I was nearly into mood #2. And I woke up this morning really sad and miserable. And it carried on throughout the day until around 6pm. When I entered my mood #4 state and I was listening to murder rap and thinking really deep and hard. Then about a hour later K texted me in my group chat with the rest of the boys and I felt happier but still in a state of obsessive homicide. So I entered a #5 mood (a mix of #1 and #4). I felt good, but almost knew I wasn't good. After a horrendous day of work. I finally got to go home and when I got home I almost instantly entered mood #1. Which is crazy because I never feel this good at night. I told M + G that I love them. Had a nice convo with G, M never responded but what are you gonna do. I font think I've had so many mood changes in one day. But, I guess in the end. It was a nice day. Even though deep inside I know it was simply not that. But, day 5 down, taking on day 6 now.