A story I want to know what you think. Let’s call this girl M. She’s a month older than me.

I’m from the UK. So in year 10 was when we first met. She and I shared a maths and science class. She was the nice, helpful person. She was the person who you borrowed pens and stuff from (pens in my case). Eventually we became acquaintances then became casual friends. She’s just nice, shy person. By the way we started talking more and more (usually started by her).

This went on until the end of year 12. In year 12 we shared 2 classes. One day in Biology she passed me a note. In the note she asked me if I could join her and other people at a library to revise. I said yes but I didn’t turn up on the day. We exchanged numbers by the way. So she texted me and asked why I couldn’t come and I said because of family. The actual reason was I thought it would be boring and I would’ve been the only boy. I was already an hour late when she texted. I didn’t want to text first because it would be rude.

So she started passing notes when we had science. She asked me what my interests were and different things such as my favourite films, songs, food and the like. One day she passed me a note asking if I was free on a certain day (probably Saturday?). Then I said maybe and asked why. She wanted to invite me to go to the cinema to watch a horror film which I generally don’t like. Then I said that I’d think about it. I asked her who else is coming and she said her other friend but she’s not sure. Then the next day she asked me again and I said maybe and she said her other friend couldn’t come. Then the next day I said I couldn’t because I had something important to do. Probably I said that I don’t horror films? So we just continued to pass notes. Eventually I would just arrive and expect a note to passed or thrown to me. I have to admit sometimes it was distracting and a bit annoying. Also sometimes we would text a lot. It would get longer and more frequent. I didn’t think anything about it at first. I thought of her as a good friend.

Fast forward to the summer holidays. So we haven’t been talking for a while. I was getting bored cos there was nothing to do. So I phoned her one day and asked her if we could go out sometime and she said yes. So I had McDonald’s and she had nothing even though I asked her what she wanted cos I was being nice. So we talked and then walked around the shopping centre and then we went home. 

We’re in year 13 and we talked more (notes and normal conversations) and people started noticing even the teachers. We sat next to each other in Biology but there was a table in between us and she sat next to her (best) friend. In chemistry depending on which room we had the lesson I sometimes sat with M and her friend and sometimes I sat with my friends. One day in chemistry the three of us were sat in the same table. The situation was such that we talked both in notes and normally, and that her friend was being left out. So her friend joined another table (to ask for help or stop being left out). So the (female) teacher saw what was going on so I took and hid all of the notes. She asked for notes and I declined. So the teacher and I were talking and she was just there. My teacher was smiling in a way that indicated that she knew what was going on and I was uncomfortable and giggly. But we continued anyway.

One day she asked me if I wanted to go to the cinema to see a horror film. I said yes because I wanted to watch it. It was just the 2 of us. We bought food and offered each other what we bought. We were talking whilst were watching and she’s talking about the actors in the film. We were also talking about what was funny about the film. 

One day we had 2 split biology lessons. At the end of the first she was in a hurry to go out with her friend. I had a feeling she and her friend were up to something. So I followed them out and was told it was something private. To give some context M’s friend and I are in the same form and one day she asked me if I liked someone and I said no. Also a funny thing happened in that same lesson. A person noticed the amount of notes we were passing and he said “do you two like each other?”. We were uncomfortable. That same person said “You’re turning red. It’s true. Isn’t it?”. 

The next lesson by the end she passed me a note saying she had to take something off her chest. She asked me not to tell anyone.  She said she liked me. I was shocked and didn’t know what to feel. She asked me if I wanted to stay friends with her. I said yes. I know now what she meant by that. The next lesson on a different day it was awkward and by the end she said sorry and asked if we were still friends. I said yes.

So it went back to normal. One day after school we went to Burger King. I put my favourite perfume on (which I usually do). After I got off the bus to get home she texted me “You smelled nice today”. This was not weird at all just to clarify. 

So this went on. Just before Christmas I asked her if she wanted to go to a shopping centre after school and she said yes and that she’d treat me to something. The next thing was weird. So I expected her to come to me cos our last lesson was Biology. So as I walked to bus stop I saw that she walking ahead of me. So she disappeared and I texted to ask her where she was she said at the bus stop. I said that I was near to the same bus stop as well. So I ran to the same bus stop and we got on the same bus and not sat near each other. 

We arrived at the shopping centre. So I walked ahead of her and saw that she wasn’t following. So I just went on my own. While I was buying something I received a text asking me where I was which I told her.  I asked her the same thing and told me where she was. So I went there and saw she wasn’t there and so I went home. 

The next couple of days I felt that she was kind of ignoring me. So I just ignored her and had fun with my friend who sat next to me to make her feel left out. After a couple of days I told her friend the situation. She asked me if had done anything wrong and I said no. Funnily enough whilst me and my other friend were having fun during lesson she passed me a note essentially catching up. I told her “where have you been?”.  We just texted later and she explained that she was upset about what happened at the shopping centre and I apologised. 

We usually play 21 dares while we text each other which usually lasted hours till 12:30 am. It’s like truth or dare but the only option is truth. Eventually it led to the point where she had to admit who her crush was but she insisted I told her who mine was as well. It was  so awkward. She usually asked me after what to do after and I said I don’t know. 

Also another time we did the same thing but on paper during class but we exchanged notes at the end of the lesson and disappear thereafter.

This happened again during lockdown but this time I knew but I played dumb when she asked me to guess. She described him as funny, intelligent and that they were in the same biology and chemistry lesson. 

I realised that this couldn’t go on forever cos we’re going on our separate ways for uni. Gladly we are not the same as before. 

Also I was surprised that when I told my friend about everything he told me that he knew that there was something going on.

That’s all.