You guys ever see your best friend in the world grow up without you? Context: I was best friends with this girl who lived in Asia (I live in alaska) for a year. I actually loved her, but she didn't feel the same. She cut off the friendship in December of 2019 which broke me completely. My mental state was a wreck, my family life was in disarray and now I don't even have her anymore.  Suffice to say, life wasn't going so good. We didn't talk at all until february when I tried to spark our friendship again. It went horribly wrong and we didnt talk for a month. Then in March of 2020 i foolishly tried again because I was kind of desperate for a human friend who cared about me as much as she once did. She told me in the most polite way possible that we need to live our own lives. That was the last time I spoke to her.


A couple of months later I search her Discord username on Instagram and found her. That was a shitty move because 
A) that's so freaking creepy what the hell, summer inuvin?
And B) that made me feel so sad all over again

I didn't touch her Instagram profile for months. 20 minutes ago I decided hey it's 3 AM. I wanna see what her profile looks like now. It's still private. But I saw her face. She still looks like something whose light the stars would be jealous of. I saw in the description an anonymous question app, Tellonym. I decided to install it. I looked at her page and saw all of these positive messages from her friends. I read the messages from people, her friends. All positive and wholesome as expected (she's the most likeable person ever, Bob Ross would be jealous if he were capable of feeling envy) but one was what stood out. It was one saying to never forget her home country. She apparently lives in England now.

It is quite fitting that when we are closer than we ever have been in our lives, we couldn't be more far apart. I no longer have to stay up until 2 am to talk to her, but I can't talk to her. Not enough time has passed. The wounds are still bleeding. I am not even in love with her anymore. I just want to be her friend again. I want to know how her education is going, i want to know how her new gay god parents are doing, I want to know what her day to day life is like. I want to know what makes her cry at night and I also want to help make that stop. I want to hear about how she is so openly bisexual now. I want to hear about how hard it is transitioning from Asia to England. I want to hear about how she misses her mom, and how her friends all miss her. I just... I just wanna see her grow. 

I am glad she's in England. I'm glad she's in a safer country, one where she doesn't have to fear the dictator and heavily restricted media. I'm glad she has a whole world of opportunities at her disposal. I wonder what her favorite song is. I wonder who her best friend is. I wonder what the best part of her life in England is. I wonder what the worst is, and if she even thinks about me anymore.


By god, I love her so much.