New school schedule for my school (rant) Not everyone has this kind of schedule, but I know some people will know what I'm talking about.

To begin with, I'm a high schooler currently attending an international school, and let's just say that I don't know how I feel the schedule of August, which they gave us a sneak peek of a couple days ago. Because I'm a high schooler, obviously I care about the highschool schedule of August. 

Basically, what they stated was that 2/3 of high schoolers are allowed on campus and 1/3 will go online. What they later show was a calendar of August to show an example of how this "new schedule" will work. 

What this "new schedule" is is basically that for 2 days, 9th and 10th graders go on campus and 11th and 12th graders go online (virtual classes), and then the next 2 days will be 11th and 12th graders going on campus and 9th and 10th graders going online. To give you an example:

*Mon &amp; Tues:* 9 &amp; 10 graders go on campus and 11 &amp; 12 go online, *Wed &amp; Thurs:* 11 &amp; 12 graders go on campus and 9 &amp; 10 go online, *Fri &amp; Mon:* 9 &amp; 10 graders go on campus

And so on. yada yada yada.

I don't know man, this schedule just seems kind of bullshit to me. I get WHY they are doing this, and that's obviously because of COVID-19. I get the purpose, aight. But just, why would you bring upon pain on the students. 

First off, this is will be absolute chaos. I will GUARANTEE you someone will accidentally go to school when they were supposed to go virtual. I swear that will happen a couple of times. It's just generally confusing. Second, what will happen to after-school shit? For people who do after-school orchestra or sports, will the people who do virtual classes on that day have to go to school just to do these after school stuff? And some of us live far away from school, so it's even more difficult for some people to travel to school only to find out that the afterschool activity is like halfway done. 

Let me quote you what the head of the school said in the message that was sent to all students and parents: "In addition, we are expecting a **full sports schedule** to begin in the High School with the traditional fall sports of volleyball, cross-country, and tennis." What is this? So, like I said before, wtf will happen to those who do after-school stuff? At this point, this "new schedule" is dogshit because there is no way you can incorporate normal after-school activities with this new offline/online stuff.

So yeah, tl;dr: new schedule makes people (based on grade) go online/offline every 2 days, which makes things confusing and also makes it really difficult to implement after-school activities.

That's my rant. Thanks for listening y'all. Wear masks. Stay safe.