I just can't take this anymore Honestly, I dont know where to start off because of the overflow of emotions im feeling at the moment. My daily life feels like its in shambles and I feel like a stone is on my chest at all times.

I cant live up to my parents expectations. 

I just can't .

Its simple as that, perhaps I am a mistake, perhaps I am a shithole, but I've practically given up at this point. I can't take the stress load.

Giving you a bit of background, my parents are those stereotypical asian parents that are never satisfied and always find things to complain about me. 

Recently, I've been barred from phone usage almost entirely due to me missing the cutoff for an A+ in AP calculus because of the fact that I scored a little poorly on one of the tests and ended up getting a 89% for that one. Despite all the other assignments which I had worked my shit out, I ended up getting a 97% which my mother just ignored and went on bashing me on how she was disappointed and that I was a mistake, etc etc. I was ear-raped for not getting a 100% on all the other assignments.

This wasn't the first time. My parents had their upbringings in China and my grandfather physically abused my mother all the time back then. My mother's expectations of me are so astronomical that even if I worked my ass off and not taken a look at any electronic device, I still couldnt achieve that perfect vision of a well rounded person that she expected; Good looking, fit, hardworking, understanding, filal, curious and never lied besides the fact that I had to get the top 5 in every class or she was gonna scream at me for " Your going to get rejected to prestigious universities, who tf would want you, ur just a useless brat, maybe being a mcdonald's worker is going to suit you the best"

I was born and raised in a singapore education system, so besides the fact that I had to deal with a massive overload of work, I still had to deal with the fact that I was always a disappointment. Luckily, I coped during that time due to the fact that both of my parents worked long hours and most of the time i was at school.

Now, its been a year since we moved to the states, and due to the fact that my mother doesnt have a work permit and because of recent lockdowns, the situation became a thousand times worse and I literally feel dead every day at home. Not because the schedule was strenuous , because of the cautious approach I would have to adopt and choose my words wisely or hear a barrage of insults on how I was an ungrateful bitch. 

My mother is an extremely hard person to deal with. You might wonder, why not talk it out? Thing is, my mother always twists my words and makes it always look i'm the one giving her a hard time to my dad, and well , lets just say it doesnt work well. Her argument is " Im going to be financially supporting you till 18, so either you listen to me or get the fck out.", and she literally means it.

Over the years, I have become much impacted and changed by this. Now, i literally feel on edge everytime I'm on a conversation because I worry I'll say something wrong and accidentally offend or set off the person. I dont know how to interact much with new people especially after moving here to the US. I cant get myself to seek help because either they'll talk to my parents, which would make it seem like im the one whos a burden and being shit, or just end badly for me, imagine the stares and criticism I would take for saying that I have thoughts of killing myself everyday. At this moment, im locked in a house tormented everyday, with no friends or people to talk with personally. 

First semester moved here, got a B in english, okay I deserve to be scolded, i'll take that since I came from singapore. But wtf? Cant you be fucking satisfied with at least an A for everything this trimester? I' m not the most hardworking. I admit that. I dont really stay focused sometimes, and sometimes I'll do things really stupid. But I'm trying, I really am. Perhaps I am useless, and nothings going to change that. 

Sorry mom. I dont give a fuck about going to ivy league universities, about earning a high wage salary that can bring decency to the family name. I just want to return to singapore, go to university there and find a job that can let me support myself.

I just needed to rant this on reddit because I about to collapse. Bear with my bad english, and sorry for troubling you. I feel like crying, but nothing comes out. Y'all please be grateful that your parents actually are nice to you and emotionally help you instead of ranting about how much money they spent on you and how you are not living up to their expectations. At this point, I'm so fucking desperate for an ounce of affection or validation.

Any advice is appreciated. Pls dont judge me. I just hope one day i can have a friend or partner who understands and appreciates what I am