I need some advice about school and a girl So, I’m going back to school in September and it’ll either be online or in person with whatever measures Alberta decides. If I do go back, I’ve got a good half-face respirator and a metric fuck-ton of P100 filters. I had all that before the pandemic, don’t ask.

I’m lucky enough to have the choice between online or in person school. This is kinda bad because there’s this girl who I kinda like. I don’t have any of her contact details or anything so I have no way of contacting her. I’m pretty sure she likes me too or at least used to. Haven’t spoken to her for quite a long time, probably not since January. I don’t know what she’s doing but I should find out next month.

If I go to school in person and change my mind about things, I can probably switch to online. If I do online school and change my mind, I might not be able to go to school in person depending on the measures they put in place, especially if they’re doing the whole “go in person these days, do it on your computer these days” thing. 

I’ll probably go to school in person if they do the thing I mentioned in the end of the last paragraph. Only problem is is my parents think that I don’t want to go to school. I could certainly convince them to let me but I’d need to make a good excuse and the conversation would be extremely awkward. I am fucking horrible at math so I’ll do that class online regardless of what I’m doing due to the fact online math classes are easier than ones in person. I’ll actually be doing grade 10 and 11 math next year if it’s possible so I can get it out of the way. Thankfully I don’t need grade 12 math for a political science course in university!

My freshman year was both shitty and pretty fun. I made an ass of myself, made people laugh both with and at me, and most importantly I barely passed for the most part. Grade 10 is when shit gets real. I really hope that I get myself together next year.

Where I live, there are barely any cases of the Wuhan coronavirus but very few people have the brain cells to wear a fucking mask. My school will almost certainly mandate masks so I don’t need to worry about that. Plus, I’ve got the respirator and if need be, I’ve also got a full-face version that uses the exact same filters. So, should I go to school part-time and wear the respirator, or just stay at home and feel like absolute shit for another year or more?

TL;DR: I own a respirator (2, actually) and have many P100’s. School will open but we will only be allowed on certain days in different groups. There’s a girl who might like me but I can’t contact her. I can do completely online school instead but I don’t wanna. Parents think I wanna stay at home. Should I stay or should I go?