I lost my dog yesterday and I don’t how to handle this enormous pain I had Pita for 11 years. She was with me through moves, boyfriends, jobs, you name it—and was perfect.  She never barked or bit. Her barks were like little chirps. My road trip buddy. She was house trained, and just the sweetest, most pure soul. She wanted love and to lick you constantly. Her little butt wiggles and standing on two legs reaching for me. Her army crawls in bed. She was PERFECT, and my whole WORLD. I loved her deeply and spoiled her. Gave her so much love. Carried her everywhere (6lb Chihuahua). Our family vet adored her and also gave her so much love.  Oh and her snores made me smile every night before I fell asleep! She LOVED me and adored me unconditionally, every single day of her life.

Pita was diagnosed with a stage 3-4 heart murmur two months ago. There were no other symptoms. She was still happy and lovey, and the vet thought with treatment, Pita would be okay. 

Yesterday at 5am, Pita was breathing fast and labored, while also sounding like she was choking. We rushed her to the er vet who put her on oxygen. By 8am, we were informed by the vet that Pita was critical. She had begun bleeding and foaming at the mouth and the vet heard loud crackling in her lungs. I was shocked. I looked at my husband in disbelief. Almost stupid. This was so sudden. She was fine the night before, we had bed snuggles! I asked what we have to do to get her well. My husband had already realized what this meant. The er vet was “closed” by that point, but said he would remain open for us to decide. The dr gave us the option of transporting her across the street to a different vet (as she wouldn’t have made the 30 min trip to our family vet), or to put her down. Her organs were all rapidly failing. I called my family vet and had our dr talk to the er dr. When I took my phone back, she was kind but honest—it wasn’t looking good. Late stages of congestive heart failure! But I wanted to fight for her!! My husband and I asked to see her—and when we did, we knew it was time to do right by her. And we did. Before she went to sleep, she made one more attempt to army crawl to me for kisses—and that killed me. We stayed with her talking and petting her until the end. 

My problem now (besides obviously losing the best pup ever), is that I not only feel lost, and heart achingly sad—I feel an immense amount of guilt. The last moment I had her, I handed her to stranger and she didn’t want to let go. I gave her to the nurse to help her—but I thought wholeheartedly that I would get her back. I think about the times I left her while I was at work. How I told her to hush sometimes when she would chirp chirp chirp. How I didn’t let her feel the sun one last time. How I didn’t put her on the bed every single night, just some nights. What if there was a chance and I didn’t make the right call?? What if I killed my dog needlessly?? I have so many regrets. And it’s hurting as much as the pain. 

My husband and our family vet said she had the best life. She was spoiled rotten and knew how much she was loved every second of the day. That her spirit is still with me but I DONT FEEL IT! 

I love animals and have several other rescues and a cat, but I don’t know if I should get another. Would Pita be upset? Think I’ve replaced her and she didn’t matter? How do I get over this absolute pain? And the guilt? I’ve been crying for 30 hours straight. I miss her so badly. I miss everything. 

Please help me, I’m hurting so badly.