Some of the stuff we've experienced from only a few years back will probably be forgotten years down the line... So let's make this post an official time capsule for all the random shit that we probably won't remember when we have mortgages and insurmountable debt so that we can always look back our most memorable moments.

I'll go first:

One time, when I was in middle school, a friend and I were walking around our neighborhood to see if any of our other friends wanted to play at a nearby park. As we're walking, I notice one of  my neighbors walking her dog. Now, I'm no dog whisperer but I was convinced this dog was chasing slaves in a past life. At this point in time, I was one of few black kids in my neighborhood, and this dog only tried to jump at/bark at me instead of anyone else. Every time this dog would go off at me, and my neighbor would look at me as if it were my fault, so I just started switching to the other side of the street when I saw her walking the dog.

This time though, the dog was particularly irritated. After seeing me, the dog was mad but that anger only elevated when it saw another dog walker coming up the street. Still standing on my friend's doorstep, it was like I could see the cogs turning in the dog's head, like it was trying to figure out how to wreak the most havoc. The demon-dog immediately starts jumping at the other dog and the nice dog walker lets go of the leash and now Doggy Diablo is just chasing the other dog around. Unfortunately, the first dog walker wasn't so sharp and holds onto her dog's leash the whole time as she gets dragged around on the street. After what felt like the longest 30 seconds of my life, both dogs calmed down and went their separate ways. The first dog walker's clothes were a little roughed up but I think she was fine, even if she lost a little bit of pride that day.

My friend couldn't go with us to the park but we were all lucky enough to witness a Looney Tunes-esque moment that would stay with us for a while.

TL;DR I asked my friend if he could play at the park. He said no.