i’m tired of pretending everything is ok i stayed home from school today because i was having period cramps. but i went to my last period because it’s a hard class and i want to be there (plus i’m feeling better). before i left my brother&amp;grandpa went places and i went to school shortly after. i’m in the MIDDLE of class and my phone goes off (grandpa’s number) and i’m like “oh my mom probably forgot to tell them let me decline and text him”. it’s my brother and he’s threatening me to answer or he’ll “beat my ass i hand to god” (basically meaning that he’s using religion against me [saying that god will he angry with him if he didn’t do what he pledged to do] and he’s done this so many times i don’t even believe in god at this point. why believe if you use it against me to make my life hell?) and i’m scared to walk into my own house. i want to go to my dads house i’m so scared and stressed. i’m in class as i type it’s happened like 30 mins ago but i just wanna break down and cry. i fucking hate my life and i don’t know how much longer i can go forward in life. my grades suck (can’t get job because of that), home, school, shit happening at my dads, what’s the point of being here? only thing really keeping me going is music. my brother is nice but when he’s angry he gets abusive (mentally, verbally, even physically sometimes). i can’t even use social media around him. i face my door so that if he opens it i can switch tabs off my phone so he doesn’t know. because 6th grade i had insta and tiktok (reddit too but never used it) and i got a black eye. no one knows that. he’s abusive and i love him cause he’s still my brother and nice to me but i can’t talk the paranoia of being around him. sorry for a HORRIBLE format i’m on my phone. sorry for the rant i’m just stressed and i don’t want to tell anyone here because they would probably call the cops on him and i don’t want that to happen. i just want to eat all of the pills i can see because i can’t keep going. i’m struggling and drowning and i highly doubt there’s “rainbow fatter the rain”. thank you for reading