Google translate vs forkintheroads story (i believe that’s the of of the story) There was once an old man crying over a glass of milk.  Frosted glass is simply ordinary frosted glass.  The old man lived alone in a small yacht in northern Michigan.  One afternoon, he buys milk at a local grocery store and pours himself a nice glass of iced milk.  When he drank, he sometimes started talking to milk.  It started with a story as a matter of time and feelings.

         Then the conversation turned into a conversation about the future, philosophy and life.  Two months later, the old man was poisoned by milk.  He always drank milk from the same glass.  This glass contains the same milk as two months ago.  The old man drinks once a month.  The milk would be terrible now, but it wasn't.  The milk was immortal.  Eternal.  This milk can last for years or even decades without spoiling.  Nobody knows the reason.

         The very old milk looked nice and white even months after it ran out.  The old man envied the milk.  This fluid could retain its youth and beauty, but the old man could not.  With age, the old man had sagging lines, more skulls, and a receding hairline that reached to his ears.

         The more jealous the old man of milk was, the more he was angry.  He cried regularly.  Everything irritates the old man with milk.  The furious he was, the whiter and more beautiful the milk.  Then the milk gleamed, creating a sparkling rainbow aura around the glass.  After seeing what this glass of milk was doing with his picture, the man grabbed the glass and threw it against the wall, but the glass never broke.  Milk was never poured.

         Milk is better, whiter, clearer and ... stronger.  It was better and creamier.  It was the best glass of milk in the world.

         Surprisingly, the old man's line was carved deep into his face.  It looks like a greyhound with large bald spots.  The anger he felt became lighter, more lively, and more attractive to milk.  As the glass of milk became more attractive, the old man became ugly.

         Then the old man could not speak.  I didn't see what he was doing.  His face was so relaxed and wrinkled that he could not speak without lifting his drooping lips and chin.  Eventually, the old man turned into a soft bag of human flesh, but a glass of milk ... nothing had changed.  It was still a glass of sparkling beauty.

         If the old man was calm and less jealous of the liquid and learned to drink milk, he would be as beautiful as a glass of milk.