I need advice on a relationship situation A few days ago a girl I loved dearly broke up with me and refused to tell me the situation going on. The only information I was given was she had a lot going on. I fully understand if she just couldn't handle a relationship at the moment but I am truly hurt by how she broke up with me. Just days before I had vented to her about how i was scared to lose her because her parents don't want us to be together. She had told me she was not going anywhere and everything was ok. The next day, everything still seemed fine until around midnight, where she had gotten hostile towards me for no reason. I calmed her down and was trying to get her to speak on what was going on so I could help her through it (I assumed it was just a stress thing) . She said she was fine and she just needed some time alone, so we agreed to talk in the morning. I was worried sick about her all night. Morning came and I checked in on her with no response until an hour after i sent the message. She told me alot was going on and she would talk to me later that night and that everything was ok. I still worried that entire day about her. It wasn't until 10:00 i heard from her, and I was right all along, something was wrong. She broke up with me right there, leaving me with no explanation of what was going on. I tried my hardest to still comfort her and make sure she was ok despite myself being in pain. I got ghosted for about 2 days, until yesterday at 3:00 in the morning where she typed up some huge paragraph saying what she has done was selfish and she doesn't expect me to forgive her and she never deserved me and she needs me to be ok. That made me calm down about the situation despite her leaving me to believe all is ok then dumping me on the spot.

 It took me until 2:00 in the morning today  to respond to her, and she left it on "read". Her leaving it on "read" is no big deal really, until I had gone through a little "Sad boy moment" today  and i looked at her instagram and i found a link to some Q&amp;A app. My dumbass clicked it, and was greeted with a answer to something that hurt me so fucking bad. One of the questions she had answered was "what was the longest a relationship you had lasted?" and her answer to that was "if its a relationship i HAD, it would be 4 months, but if its a relationship I have currently the answer 10 months and still going!". She answered that question the day she broke up with me, in fact it was before she broke up with me. I would have been the 4 months relationship. At this point I am completely heartbroken if i wasn't already. I have a strong feeling but with a little denile, that even though I was the one she told her parents about, and almost everyone else, that i was just the side guy. I don't know what to do about this, can anybody help me get through this?