I think I'm slowly losing my privacy My foster parent came in my room and said she's going to have to put a 3 drawer toat in my closet because she took in a baby and there isn't any room anywhere else she can put the baby's clothes. So basically, she's going to use a teenagers room/closet to store baby clothes (or maybe more things?). Meaning her or her girlfriend can come into my room at anytime and waltz through my cramped closet space and put in a small drawer for baby clothes. I already use the closet to put MY clothes in there. And a duffel bag of miscellaneous items from when I arrived here. Does a baby really have that many clothes they have to use my room/closet to put them?

Oh, and also, I don't have a locking mechanism on my bedroom door. Well I do, but it's on the outside of my door, meaning anyone who can reach the doorknob can lock me inside my own room, with no way to get out. Which I have been locked in my room a few times before, by the three year old (now four years old) that they adopted. Shouldn't a teenage 17 year old have enough respect to have a lock on the inside of his door, allowed that one sliver of privacy?

The lock was like this before I came here. They don't knock either. Just walk in when they need to say something or if need my help with something. 

This isn't anyone's fault, and I'm not blaming anybody for this, but the walls are paper thin, and sounds travel easily, the floors pick up sound and my bunk bed sounds like it needed wd40 like last year. Everything is so loud, you can hear voices very clear, so I can't really be too loud without the whole top half of the house knowing I'm getting out of bed or singing a song, playing music, or moving something. 

I can't lock my bedroom door/there really isn't a lock on it for privacy.

My foster parents don't have "anymore space" to put a baby's clothes so their using my room/closet that means they can just come in whether I'm home or not. And I already have private and boundary issues with my personal space and belongings.

And walls and floors are paper thin, bunk bed is more squeaky than a rubber ducky having sex, and sound travels easily so I can't be too loud without waking up someone or them hearing me singing to my music, my music being too loud, or moving something and shifting in my bed or getting out of it.

I have to rant about this, I can't say any of this to their face because I feel they might get mad or think I'm being a rebellious teen. I'm done now. Thank you for listening to me.