why i left the church (feel free to disagree with my reasons) For the first 12 years of my life, i was raised mormon and would not drink coffee, tea, alcohol, look at pornography, smoke, or cuss. mormonism raised me to have biased beliefs. i used to be very homophobic (and yet, im pansexual and nonbinary now). 

the main real reason why i left the mormon church is because they teach you that you will be punished for your sins. Is god all loving? Or is god merciful? Or does god not exist?

if god is all loving, god will forgive me for breaking the word of wisdom (no drinking coffee, tea, alcohol, etc) and leaving the church. After all, jesus died for our sins. if we’re taught that jesus suffered the sins of everyone to have lived or ever lived, then that would mean all of my sins are exempt

if god is merciful according to mormon belief, why would i believe in a god with conditional love? i won’t be patient and do everything god asks of me in order to have a chance of eternal life in heaven. a heaven like that is truly a hell. i can’t believe in a merciful god

and if god doesn’t exist then there would be no point in believing in a religion. religions were formed to fill in the parts of the world that science couldnt explain at the time, but we’ve updated our science immensely since then! we learn new things every day

lastly, mormonism hides their true identity. its a religion built off of misogyny and lies. their founder, Joseph Smith, owned a bar. him and his brother even got so drunk one time that they fell out of a two story building window. also, the mormon church collects 10% of everyone’s paycheck, claiming that it will be used to aid families in need, only to spend it on super malls and plots of land. they have over 100 billion dollars and they have never payed taxes for it which is very illegal. Mormonism paints itself as a sweet loving true church when they’ve been painted in blood all throughout history. even history textbooks explain that mormon pioneers would ambush travelers and kill native americans. not to mention, few mormons know that their founder had over FIFTY wives. now that polyamory is illegal, the church hides that and doesn’t teach it to anyone. the flds (a more culty mormon group) still practice polyamory today. They have a city near St George, Utah that i’ve visited and witnessed myself.