The time my theater teacher (almost) caught me crossdressing in a French Maid outfit . . . This story took place almost two years ago when I was 15. I don't care if you think it is made up, it is 100% real. I figured I could share it anonymously on the internet at this point.

Before the story begins, I have to tell you a little about my school. Even though it is a public school, it is very wealthy and has well funded programs, including in theater and dance. Another thing I should mention is the design of the school. Our auditorium has 6 different entrances/exits excluding the emergency exit, and they are all supposed to be locked when the room is not in use, but somebody always forgets to lock at least one of them. The 6th exit can only be accessed via going backstage and leads to a short hallway that is locked from the other side, meaning you can only get to it by sneaking into the auditorium, onto the stage and into the hallway, all of which us students shouldn't be doing. Anyways, there are two other doors in that hallway which lead to the theater and dance storage rooms. The theater room has a bunch of furniture, props, and costumes from old plays and musicals the school put on years prior. The dance room only has costumes, and holds the 100's of different outfits that the dance classes/teams have used. The rooms are only divided by a wall of cabinets, not a solid wall, so sound travels very easily between them. Both rooms are supposed to be locked but the dance teacher almost never locks her room. 

Anyways, for the past few years, I have enjoyed crossdressing. I don't know why, but I love the idea of dressing up in girls clothing in private, the more girly the better. (I am a straight male, btw.) When I discovered the dance storage room it felt like a miracle to me. It had hundreds of girly and sexy outfits to choose from, floor length mirrors to see myself in, and was enclosed in a space where nobody would ever find me. A few times during advisory periods, I would sneak into there and try on a few outfits, and it felt great. One advisory period, I was putting everything I had just tried on back and was about to head to my next class when I saw a large bin filled with French Maid costumes that looked similar to [this](https://www.polishedpersonalstyle.com/en/french-maid-costume). They all had a short dress w/ puffy shoulders, lots of lace, an apron, gloves, a duster, a headband, and (unlike everything else in the room), a pair of frilly panties. It was a solid gold find for me. I decided I would come back later to put it on. Luckily for me, I had to stay after that day to finish a test. After finishing it, my dad said he could pick me up in thirty minutes, which left me plenty of time to do the deed. I went over to the theater wing and found that entrance no. 5 was unlocked, so I was able to sneak back into the dance storage room. I stripped down naked in order to put the panties on, and then put the rest of the costume on over it. Just as I was about to take a picture of myself when I heard the jingling of keys, and I dove into the darkest corner of the room, leaving all my regular clothes laying there in the middle of the floor along with my backpack. The door to the dance room was cracked open, and I knew that if this was the dance teacher my life would be over. Luckily for me, I could tell it was my theater teacher, Ms. S. She unlocked the theater storage room and started doing something in there. As quietly as I possibly could I changed back into my clothes and threw the maid costume back into the bin in a jumbled mess. I put on my backpack and froze, remembering that the zippers on my backpack make jingling noises as I walk. I decided to run for it, throwing open the dance room door and running as fast as I could into the auditorium, before running out the 1st exit. I remember Ms. S. shouting "Who's there?", but I'm 99% sure she never saw me. I can only imagine what hell I would've gone through if she or anyone else had walked into the dance room and caught me. Would I have been taken to the front office in the dress?  What would my parents think of me? What would happen to the little social status I had? I will never know, and I never want to know. All I know is that I learned my lesson, and never went back to that room again.

TL:DR I was crossdressing in my school's dance team storage room and was wearing a really girly french maid costume when my theater teacher went into the room next to me and almost saw me.