Can someone rate the lyrics of this rap i wrote? I wrote it about social anxiety and i wanna release it, but i don't want it to be garbage. Don't worry about the flow or the beat i have all that figured out, just give me some feedback on the lyrics themselves. Thanks. (Also yes there are a lot of grammar and spelling errors in this, just ignore those.)

&amp;#x200B;

If you ever wonder how my day has been don’t ask me. I’ll give you the same answer each time i'm fine but thats me

On the outside but in reality i'm lonely. People think i'm happy but they’re thinkin of the old me

I don’t like being involved in social interactions. When random people talk to me i don’t have good reactions, 

Cus im the type of person that gets easily distracted and as a result half the time i don’t know what is happening

in larger groups of people I feel like I don't belong. Every joke i make is weird and everything i say is wrong

Like nobody wants me there, all i do is tag along. I would rather be alone, Listening to good songs

I know most of the thoughts are not true they’re just anxiety But thats hard to remember when they’re all that my brain gives to me

I haven’t Been on earth for very long, got a short history, but From what ive experienced so far it seems like misery

Sometimes i wish that i was Chillin just home alone. Laying down in my bed time feeling so slow. Living life in my head, making up scenarios. Listening to music with my headphones in stereo. 

People are staring yo, lifes kinda scary bro. I don’t have much standards cus i put myself very low. Feeling so very low, eat a bowl of cheerios in the middle of the night thats my life its very slow.

Every day feels the same everyone thinks im lame people say lifes a game, I guess i don’t know how to play.

Friends come and friends leave, ive lost faith i don’t believe that i could live socially, Its just not a part of me.

Its not that its hard for me to get along, Its just that i would rather live my life in a song. Sitting outside, all alone, and as i burn my lungs, I think about my life and regret all of my wrongs

No one to talk to, Not that anybody would listen. Because i'm different and i see life through an abnormal vision

Its more like watching myself live than actually livin. And people expect me to be thankful for this life i was given