Personal Discussion Log #4: General Update/Life Here we are, day #4! I'll admit that already I find myself struggling to think of topics to write about. Should I just do my daily occurrences? Random topics? Or anything in between? Well, that's all beyond me for now, today, I think I'll just calm down a bit and take things as they go.

Yesterday's D&amp;D session went pretty well! One of the players ended up not being able to show, so I had to play his character for him, but I'll fill him in on what happened later. I'd say we all had fun with it though, and one of my friends stayed over after that to spend the night. It's just about 10:00 for me now when I'm writing this, I think he's still asleep in all honesty, so I'll try and finish this before he gets up.

As for today, I don't really have much planned. I just got onto school break and I don't have much homework to get done aside from a few things in my literature class. We're doing a unit on poetry right now, and although we do this in school what seems like every other year, it's pretty fun. I have to do a biography of a poet of my choices life, then do a spoken word reading of one of their poems, and make an essay analysis over that poem as well. I ended up picking Dante Ahleghiri, and I'm covering his poem Sestina. Aside from being in Italian, it's really just a normal poem, I'd recommend reading it if you're into that kind of stuff. 

All that aside, I guess I have a haircut later today as well? I've planned on changing my hairstyle for a bit, but I talked with my hairstylist the other day and I think I'm gonna discuss it a bit with her today. Right now my hair is honestly really just bland, thick, and a bit messy, but I plan on thinning it out and growing it a bit to get that sort of early 2000's skater kid fringe haircut kinda style going on. My mom isn't the most on board with it, she likes my hair as it is, but she supports me on it nonetheless, which is something I can't say every kid gets the opportunity for.

Then I think that'll just about do it for today! I'll admit this entry was pretty uninspired compared to whatever else I may be doing in the future, but it never hurts to just have a regular update or whatnot. I think tomorrow I'll focus on some questions, and try and answer any you all might have. With that being said, that'll que my leave, I hope you guys all have a great day! Seya! :)