Turning 20 this year and I'd like to share you guys the time my batchmates decided to catfish my 50 year old teacher. And she believed. So I graduated high school, hooray! But it was a wild Senior year for me, with all the suspensions and disciplinary reports of smoking and drinking in the halls (another fuck up) it's still a surprise that I was able to graduate as an honor student. 

But byfar the most craziest thing that ever happened in my year was that one of my classmates catfished my teacher. I don't think it's right, but I was scared with getting ostracized as a 16 year old since everyone said it was only justice for us. And any one snitching is sure to get their ass kicked for the rest of the year. 

My classmate targeted the strictest teacher who had a subject in charge for every class for the seniors. The reason why we even thought this would kinda work was because she's lonely. No kids, husband, not even a widow herself. Her relatives were mostly also her nephews who have shown to have a resentment to her, since if they didnt they'd tell immediately. 

I hated this teacher too, but as someone who lurks in online communities I think it was harsh, reading tons of catfish stories I knew what kind of potential shit she'd be in. I hate her but she was honestly a sweet lady in her office, and we'd know since we visit her office a lot. Or maybe it's because I'm an honor student, idk. 

She's one of those teachers that makes you understand how they're human too at an early age. Back to the story, they made an account and used a picture from a random guy who was in his mid 20's. Made a Facebook account and added her as a friend. 

She accepted the request and they started chatting to her. They tried flirting with her for a week and they said she didn't bother with the catfish account until a month where she decided to open up. 

And ever since then it felt like the account and her had gotten closer. It reflected to her in school too! She started doing her hair, and bought a waist trainer since the catfish guy told her about his "type" when she asked. 

Our school works had also gotten less extreme and difficult and she was more understanding. The sad thing about this is that I realized she just acted so harsh, not completely because she was a teacher that needs to teach the students discipline. But because she had nothing to look up to in her daily life. She really was lonely like we anticipated and not some person who had some secret deep shit about herself. Girl just needed someone to love her. 


This went on for months, and her shift in mood affected everyone in the school. Since she was in charge with internal affairs too (the workload she had was very surprising) the principal even was affected to a degree. 

Some teachers also found out but they decided not to tell, because it was too harsh and I guess everyone was too tired of her shit for years that they decided to keep the lie for everyone's sake. She was less overbearing with them too in the faculty room. 

But it all went shit when the "guy" asked to met her. She took on leave, and her itinerary was ready (also wondering how they'd get one) and asked for leave for the first time in 3 years. The situation got too fucked up that I also could not believe how it never went to court.

She waited for the guy but never showed up, while we cheered in the school at how she was finally blooming. (Even if we all secretly knew what actually was happening) We knew that the next day shit finally went down. Everyone was low-key preparing a support hotline and watching over her, like it was the biggest school prank that everyone agreed. (which its not) 

She didn't come to school for three days. And in those days everyone was worried, honestly I knew the guy who did it. But I was scared of getting beaten up, since his family still had that old Mafia lifestyle and control in the city. (3rd world countries am I right?) 

My teacher did go back to school and thank God it wasn't suicide. But the waist trainer and everything disappeared, and she was even more harsh. He told us that the catfish account "broke up" with her at the last minute like a soap opera novel. 

She was a laughing stock in the school even with how extremely aggressive she became. I remember how I crossed her office and saw her screaming at the principal, I decided not to tell everyone that she did it. 

The prank was harsh that after that year she decided to move to another school. Sure she might have problems (we can tell), but she also doesn't deserve that. Worst part was everyone in the school agreed, or was just scared of my classmate targeting them. 

I even think it's the reason why I was able to graduate as an honor because he had my back for that as a thank you for tutoring him. (Mafia right now is starting to be romanticized by shows but it's really not something that should be)

I wanna cut there because the other half was just too depressing to type, but I wanted to tell you guys. DONT CATFISH, AND DONT EVER FALL FOR ONE.