Today was the day I lost my uncle This all started off with me just going through your average 14 year old males day, sit in bed forever, eventually shower and get dressed, play some video games and whatnot, all other stereotypical shit.

Except this time, the schedule went a little bit different.

My uncle had left from Florida in 2017 after having gone through alcohol rehab and losing his house to hurricane Irma, he had come to live in my grandparents house due to him being unable to purchase another house at that moment due to him losing his house and not having money then, so they took him in. 

Then around may this year is when everything started going far, farrrr south.

From what I have heard from my family, he had gotten into a large argument with my grandparents, and had decided to move out and get an apartment somewhere else, this time far far away, more specifically New Orleans. He resided there for a while, and for a long time everyone thought he was fine. 

Until the day the call came from a hospital in Louisiana, he had checked himself in for an extreme recession in his alcohol abuse, my father drove straight from North Carolina all the way to New Orleans in order to be with his brother and to be able to help him.

The only way my father was able to describe his condition was more or less extremely grave, he was basically anorexic, extremely frail and thin legs, and he couldn’t move on his own. My father rushed him from Louisiana straight back to the hospital in North Carolina, and they checked him in. He was then put on a ventilator, and was on multiple IVs due to the mass dehydration and nutrient deprivation due to him fueling his extreme alcohol addiction recession, to the point where he pawned off a sentimental gold ring for 60 dollars.

He was in the hospital for a couple days, and my father was with him a little, my grandparents were the only relatives that were allowed actually in the same room as him due to Covid restrictions. He was in this condition for several days. After a couple of days had passed, my father told me that my uncle wasn’t going to make it, and today, he was lost, the worst part?

I didn’t get to see him after May, and the only time I talked to him was in July over the phone, I can clearly hear his “Love ya buddy” bouncing through my head even though it was over 4 months ago, i put down the phone that day not realizing that that would be the last time I ever talked to him, I didn’t even get to see him one last time before he passed. 

I’m not sure how this is going to pan out, I’ve been having trouble keeping my shit together and whilst typing this I’ve been losing my shit. My parents are also extremely sad. Plans are still unknown for what will happen in the future.