I feel like I look disgusting and I can’t seem to let him know. Okay so, this is honestly just a rant. I’m not looking for advice and I already have plans to make sure I tell him today.

So now that’s out of the way, I have a boyfriend. We’re long distance but it doesn’t bother us much. We’ve been dating for a while, everything is good. We have great communication, we open up, etc. Well I’ve got a slew of mental illness (officially diagnosed) that I’m not going to get into, but I will say that the main issue here in this rant is my low self esteem. So recently I’ve been feeling like I look like garbage, I’ve been feeling this way since Friday. Friday was nice after school because my boyfriend and I just chilled but didn’t talk much because I was exhausted from taking care of my new kitten. Saturday rolls around and he spends a good portion of the day with me and has to leave to go do something at one point, I was distracted for most of that day up until later that evening. That was when I noticed that my self esteem dropped even lower. Sunday rolls around and I’m essentially by myself for the whole day until about 8pm. Which doesn’t really bother me, cause I chilled with friends, had some “me” time, and took care of my kitten. An important note is that my boyfriend and I always fall asleep together on Skype and Saturday night he had noticed that something was up but also recognized that we needed to get some sleep as it was super late. Sunday night my boyfriend got home around 8, we hung out with some friends on Xbox. I was tired and had school the next day, so I hoped off telling my boyfriend to just call whenever he’s done. Well I ended up falling asleep, I woke back up at 2 am. He was still awake  so I called him. Turns out that he was still vibing with our friends (It honestly doesn’t bother me too much, I was just a bit perturbed) So he hops off the Xbox party and then tells me he’s tired so let’s go to sleep. I fell back asleep pretty quickly, but before I did he mentioned that he planned on waking up early so he could hang out with me while I was getting ready for school. Cut to this morning and he was mostly out cold the entire time I was getting ready, so I ended the call and sent him my signature message of “I love you, I gotta go, I’ll try to talk to you if I have time during school”. So during all of this time I just described, I had tried to lead the conversation to a place where I could bring up how I was feeling and it failed because something came up. It’s just frustrating because he’s very big on helping my self esteem and I want to open up to him.  I feel like garbage because my brain is telling me I am, I just want to let him know what’s going on and let him help. He’s wonderful at helping me get out of my head and he’s very dedicated to helping me realize how “beautiful” I am. So yeah, that’s what’s up with me.