For all you students, if you are struggling in a course or it is causing you too much stress, swap out of the class if you can, it will save you loads of time and stress. Warning: this may be a bit of a text wall, I’m on mobile and also kinda venting. For a TLDR, reread the title. This is also based primarily off of my experience and what happens at my school. If yours goes about things differently, please let me know thru dm or comment and I will edit accordingly. 

All of the adults in your life will try to influence you to do what they think is best for you, and sometimes they may be right. But in the end, it is your life. Live it however the hell you want to. 

I’m a current senior in high school and in my 4 years of high school, I’ve had about 6 courses that caused me far more stress and anxiety than the rest of my classes. Of those 6, I only dropped 2, including one within this past week. After making those changes, I felt my mental health skyrocket both times. Before making my first class swap, I was super deep into my depression, primarily because I had to pull all nighters every other day just to sort of keep up with the new vocab words (for german). Since I had already completed my schools graduation requirement for foreign language, I was able to drop the class. 

If you are a senior or late into junior year and are afraid a schedule change could affect your admissions to colleges, call or email the admissions offices of colleges you are applying or planning on applying to and straight up ask them if making this change would affect your admission standing. If you are a second semester senior, the answer will almost always be that it will not. 

And a piece of advice for the younger of you, if there is a class you really want to change but your school counselor or advisor or whomever helps you with your schedule tries to convince you to not take it, don’t be afraid to push back. One of the more frequent subjects this happens to is the fine arts, where y’all may be discouraged from taking that band class or this art class. But if you enjoy the activity, do it anyways. These classes provide a great break in the monotony of a school day and can be super fun. And if you decide you don’t like them, as before, you can just swap out. 

If you’ve made it this far, I hope you have a fantastic day and do something you feel proud of!