You ever just like end up randomly next to some weird person you've never seen before at a party and you can't find any of your friends because the basement is packed shoulder to shoulder and you're trying not to have the random girl dancing next to slam into your arm so you udont spill your beer And it's just like you look at this guy next to you and he kind of just  Makes eye contact with you and you don't really even saying anything but you both start moving in like unison towards the stairs helping each other so neither of you get knocked down and you  I manage to get out of the basement just in time to hear police sirens because apparently you don't know this now but you'll find out in about 20 minutes when you're jumping a fence and running through corn fields  With the dude that helped you out of the basement literally on your heels, That some random dude walked into the party fired a gun into the oven and then walked back out no one was shot but people freaked out and called the cops so  The entire party scattered... You end up giving random dude a ride back to his friend's house..  Which is  In the next town over and you end up finding 3 of your friends and your brother at his house because they ran into his roommate while running in the opposite direction you took.. Dylan dude if you read this... you are a crazy bastard in the best possible meaning dude!....   I should probably also mention it's been well over a year since this occurred this is a pre covid story.

 And you guys basically hang out at this due to house waiting to hear from the last couple  Of your friends that aren't accounted for you end up  Getting a text at about 6:00 a.m. that everyone to save and at some diner in town so you the random stranger now known as Dylan  His roommate Sam and your friends all head out to go get breakfast and pick up the last 3 members of your  Friend group because you were everyone's ride to campus.

Weird memories that happened your head when you can't sleep at 4:00 a.m.... lol


 I really miss the breakfast chicken biscuit sandwich at Lou's diner... I can't wait for the pandemic to be under control so I can go back to campus  And hopefully have a  A normal year of college... lol