my boyfriend is getting his wisdom teeth removed today so i wanted to make a cute post just raving about him and hopes he sees it but i doubt he will :) Well, he's asleep right now cause he hasn't replied to my messages but he deserves the rest, he'll be sleepy all day. 

Anyway...

He's so amazing. I love him so much, our 4 year anniversary is coming up on February 14. I got him his gift and it's currently in transit. I just wanted to say he's literally the most amazing thing to ever happen to me, I wouldn't be the person I am today without him. I... live in an extremely toxic home, and I hate it, I'm not allowed to date but I don't care, I fell in love with someone, and we've been together almost 4 years now. He's so amazing...He's so kind, and charming, and passionate, and loving, and willing, and handsome and cute and literally any positive thing you can think of. He has no flaws. He's so perfect in my eyes. He's been there for me when literally no-one else has.  I couldn't be more thankful. I am so lucky, that everyday I get to call this wonderful human mine, and I get to call him cute everyday. Things have been hard with covid, we've been apart 315 days, which is, to most LDR's silly, but he's my only friend. I...am a pretty lonely person, but that's alright. I have about 2 other close friends and that's all I really need. He's literally my best friend. He's been with me through everything. Like I said, I have a toxic home-life, my father is a POS and my mother...she isn't much better. Before him, I knew there was something mentally wrong with me, and to this day my parents still don't really believe I have an anxiety disorder and I quite possibly could be depressed. (not being dramatic it's rough.) He is also my first, well everything just about. This is the first real-real relationship I've been in, he was my first kiss, my first slow-dance, my first everything. He's so timid and gentle and knows exactly how I'm feeling even if I don't tell him initially. He tells me he's proud of me, and the first time he told me that, I broke down into tears. No one has ever ever told me they were proud of me, he sees the smallest steps I take and he recognizing me for them. I've been working my hardest on not apologizing so often and getting a grasp on my anxiety. I know to some now, it's so silly to think that you're first relationship is the one you're gonna marry. But I so truly believe he'll be the one I marry, I want to get married to him, I want to have a life with him. These past 4 years, I haven't felt sad, like "unneeded" sad, of course I have days, but he's literally lit my life up. I wrote a poem about/for him last year and in the poem, I talk about how he re-lit my "spark". My spark is well myself, my personality, my happiness, my passions my all of it. I don't think I could ever begin to repay him. With everything he's done...I'm overjoyed. And I tell him all of this everyday and he takes it with such modesty, or "I know I'm all these things, but so are you" He knows me, he knows who I am, he's the first person to ever willfully get to know who I am, and to love every, single, inch of me, even the parts I can't love right now.

&amp;#x200B;

I think I'll stop there for now, I could novels upon novels about my love for him, but I think now is a good time to stop. I'm currently working on a song for him, It's been a really long writing process but I think it's coming along well. Anyway, thanks for reading that whole long winded thing, :)