One of my friends is using suicide as a way to get clout on Tik Tok and I don’t know how to confront her about it Quick context: We live in America but Tik Tok’s still up, it’s just taken off the App Store, so as far as I know she’s going to continue doing it

So last year before the whole COVID thing, my friend, who we’ll call Sarah, liked to brag about how she’s Tik Tok famous. I think she had 10K followers at the time, I checked out her page once but it was just cosplays and dancing videos, so basically what you would expect on Tik Tok. I prefer the funny videos, but I decided to follow her just because we’re friends.

Since Corona, we haven’t been able to see each other. The last time I contacted her was sometime in March when my friend Cam said Sarah was refusing to text her, and since they’re best friends I texted Sarah to see what was up. She said she blocked Cam because she kept spamming her and she kept doing it when Sarah told her to stop. Since Cam is the type of person to spam subjectively bad memes and jokes, it’s understandable, and that was the last time we talked.

On Tik Tok I’ve recently seen her videos pop up more, it’s usually showing off her cosplays or doing a dance, exactly what she used to post. Sometimes I’ll see a post where it’s her standing in the back of a room and the screen just says “You should check up on your happy friends more. Trust me”. I know she’s dealing with some kind of anxiety because now she has 18K followers, a lot of which seem like kids by the way they seem to obsess over her in the comments. But recently in the videos she’s had a rope around her neck with the screen saying “I don’t know how long I can take it”. 

I’m not trying to say she doesn’t have depression or something else, it’s possible, and I acknowledge that. My problem is that her fan base is clearly very young and in the comments they seem extremely scared and worried. The videos have this certain tone where it feels like she’s saying her fan base is the only reason she doesn’t want to kill herself, and it’s like she’s putting a huge pressure on them that they have to keep her alive. Constantly threatening her life on them is doing more damage than she realizes. I notice those videos also get a lot of likes and comments, and she seems to be doing more of them, making me think she’s doing it for clout.

I have a small amount of followers on Instagram, about 4K people, a lot of which have told me I’m there favorite Instagram page, or that they love how I always ask how they’re day is because they feel like I care, so I understand what’s it like to have a small fan base, but I’m always careful with what I say, because I know I have more influence than I probably realize. I really want to call out Sarah and tell her she needs to stop, but I feel like if I do so and she does kill herself, I’ll be responsible.