Stressing about life I (16 m) am frankly sick and tired of the world sometimes lol. I live with my grandparents and help take care of them as much as I can. They are amazing parents to me and I love them more then the world, even if I'm not always the easiest person to get along with. The only thing I dont like is the fact that I'm financially dependent on them. I do stuff like selling old belongings and art to make quick cash, but because it's kinda hard to get a work permit in my state, I decided to wait it out til I was 16 and didn't need one. I have my resume done and I've been applying for jobs non-stop for months, to no avail. I had to slow my efforts a little bit for the past 3 weeks because my grandma was having health issues and me and my Grandpa had C*vid. I have been doing some basic math to see how much I would need to save up and get my own place with my boyfriend (because of family issues he is moving in with us very soon and is also looking for a job in the area to help with the financial situation). Factoring in how much average rent would be for a studio apartment, average moving costs, the fact that I would need to pay 1-2 months rent + a security deposit before I moved in, utilities, cable, groceries, the cost of keeping a young cat and a kitten alive, and things that I can't even plan for yet (car expenses and insurance) I honestly dont even know how we would survive with the minimum wage for 18 and under people in my state. I know I have to stay at home until my grandparents are either in stable care or... you know. And I love my grandparents so much, the thought of being without them is destroying me. But, I just want to start my own life, have my own money, provide for myself ya know? I get anxiety thinking about what to do for college. My parents are deadbeats and my grandparents dont have too much saved so as far as I know, I dont have any way of paying for it without going into $20k+ in debt. I wanna be a tattoo artist, and I have been working on my art skills for some time now, but idk what type of education is gonna help me achieve my career goals, but also not kill my bank account. I feel like I'm kinda overthinking a lot but, I also feel like I'm not because I'm gonna be 18 in less then 2 years and that's a little bit terrifying. Sorry for typing a lot I just needed to rant for a hot minute, thank you for your time lol. 


(TLDR; I had a complete panic attack about life lol)