To the redditor who asked me to write a story on the spot, I present you. "A night with George Clooney" So there i was with George Clooney at the bar. Him, and I have know eachother for a few months now and we've been hitting it off. Tonight he came in his classic black suit and sunglasses. 

"Hey George hows it been?"

"Hey Plant! Its been going good, how've you been?"

"Oh I've been alright, after a few drinks I think ill be better."

"Well what are we waiting for?"

George waves over the bartender, and askes if the have any casamigos tequila. The bartender say that unfortunately they do not, but they have an excellent selection of other brands of tequila. He then asks for a shot of silver patron. Obviously wanting me to keep pace he turns to me and asks what I want, saying that drinks are on him tonight. Feeling the tequila vibe I tell him ill have some patron too. I can see a little sparkle in his eyes when I say that.

"Make that two shots" george says to the bartender

Turning back to me george says "you know, I just got the luxury suite over at Aman resorts? Maybe we could head back over there after we're done. I could have my chauffer drive us there."

"Maybe a few more drinks george, and ill be ready."

The night goes on pretty casually for a bar atmosphere. George talks to me about his work, and new movies he's starring in. We ended up moving over to a booth to get more privacy. A well dressed waiter comes up to our table and askes if theirs anything he could do for us. 

"Maybe a bottle of wine?" Geroge says looking over at me questioningly, but silently telling me we were getting on any way. "Whats your favourite kind of wine?"

"I dont normally drink wine that often, but preferably not something that's too sweet." I say back a little shy, but anticipating for later tonight.

"We'll take a bottle of your finest cabernet sauvignon." George says to the waiter.

"We have a bottle of Caymus special selection cabernet sauvignon, but unfortunately it is not for sale." Replies the waiter with more accent than I thought he would have, coming from Philly.

"Surely you can make an exception for me and my special friend, right?"

"No sir, we only have the one bottle."

George leans in close to the waiter and speaking quietly says "you know I'm George Clooney right? Famous movie star, Millionaire, ive made more money than you'll ever make. Now will you please fetch us that bottle."

You could see the waiter face immediately perk up once he realized who he was talking to. 

"Oh Mr.Clooney I apologize, absolutely I can go grab that for you."

The waiter practically runs down down past the counter and into another room which I presume is where they keep their wines, and access booze. I am having a fantastic night out tonight, and George seems to be loving it too. His favourite team, the Cincinnati Bengals were playing the Philadelphia Eagles. Being from Philly myself I was rooting for the  Eagles, but wanting George to be happy I told him I've been a life long Bengals fan. He seemed to appreciate it, and we talked about foot ball untill the waiter got back. 

"So sorry about the wait Mr.Clooney. the owner said if you wanna buy the whole bottle we're gonna have to mark it up to $200 from the original $150." Says the waiter catching his breath.

George takes the bottle from the waiter, and sets it on the table. He take out his wallet and hand the waiter $500.

"Keep the change, kid."

"I, sir, I, um, are you sure? That's a lot of money."

"Kid, im George Clooney, take it."

"Thank you so much Mr.Clooney. I'd hate to bother you, but could I get a picture with you?" 

"Its of no trouble to me, but maybe you should ask my lovely, might I even add, handsome guest?"

"Would that be alright with you mister?"

"Call him Plant."

"Would that be alright with you Mr.Plant?"

Being a little nervous since I've never had to give anybody permission to take a picture of my date before I say "s-sure."

"Thank you, you are a very kind and generous man Mr.Clooney."

George steps out of the booth and the waiter pulls out his phone, and takes a picture. 

"Alright, ill get out of your hair, but if theirs anything you need let me know." Says the waiter as he goes off to help another table.

"The nights getting pretty late, how about we finish this bottle up at the resort?" Asks George

"That sounds like a perfect idea." I reply

"Great, ill have my chauffer pull up out front."

We wait for a few more minutes at the booth until his car has arrived. Its a brand new porche panamera 2020. He open the door for me then closes it behind me and walks to the other side and gets in. The chauffer pulls off and starts driving towards the suite. George and I talk mostly about sports, and share personal stories. Until in the air tonight by Phil Collins comes on the radio. 

"Hey Jerry, could you turn it up a little bit?" He says to Jerry. Speaking back to me he says "I absolutely love Phil Collins." 

George barely has time to finish his sentence before I instinctualy blurt out "me too!"

I see the sparkle in his eye again and he says 
"You know plant, you really are something special."

And then he leans in for a kiss. 💋

(Legitimately took me two hours to write.)