The Worst Day of Middle School So I’m in high school and I was sitting on zoom today when our teacher asked us what our worst experience in middle school was, and the flashback of that day hit me. 

So I’m gonna tell this story in 6 parts with each part representing a period in my school. 

Part 1: Math Class

So I’m sitting in math class period 1. Just gotten out of home room and the teacher was lecturing about probability. At the time, I was taking outside math classes to get myself ahead of the people in the class so I wasn’t really paying attention because I already knew the topic. As I’m sitting there, suddenly the peripherals of my vision goes blurry. And I’m talking so blurry that I can’t see out of the corners of my eyes. While this is happening, I’m so confused as I’ve never experienced this before or heard of anything like this before. Eventually confusion turns to panic and I start trying to fix my eyes. I rub my eyes, shut my eyes for 10 seconds, anything that’ll make the blur ones disappear. Nothing. As I’m doing this, I start getting this huge headache, so much so that I couldn’t comprehend anything the teacher was writing on the board     Luckily, the teacher didn’t call on me during the period so I was just sitting throughout the 45 minutes just totally zoned out because of the panic and pain that I was feeling. Finally, the bell rang and I moved on to second period. 

Part 2: Spanish Class

So I leave math with my vision still blurry and my head aching. As I walk into my Spanish class my vision clears (which I still don’t understand why) but my headache had become twice as painful as before. Fortunately, the teacher gave us a packet to work on and let us work at our own pace. So I started to complete the packet with 2 friends sitting nearby me, and I stopped concentrating on my headache and tried to focus solely on the packet. But during this time, I started to develop a real thirst, I needed something thirst quenching so bad for some reason. So I asked the teacher to go to the water fountain. I head out and go take a long drink of that disgusting sewer water tasting water. I was there for a full few minutes, trying to quench my thirst but nothing. The water was just that bad. To sum up, I ended up going to the water fountain 7 times and my teacher asked if I was okay. I acted tough and said I was fine, and soon enough the bell rang and I moved on to second period. 

Part 3: Social Studies

Aight, I’m moving on to social studies, thirst somewhat quenched and the headache still pounding. We were taking one of those comparative tests where you take an ungraded form of the test early in the year and take the same test at the end of the year for a grade. Well, I was feeling like shit so you can probably tell that I did poorly. I couldn’t concentrate during that time and was periodically putting my head down to close my eyes and try to quell my headache. I had a lot of friends I this class and they all distinctly remember how shut off I was even to the point where I didn’t even listen or respond to them when they asked me questions. I was just that out of it. So I take the test (I end up getting a B on it versus when I got an A- on it at the beginning of the year) and the period ends a bit after that. 

Part 4: English

Alright, I enter the class I hate most. I don’t like the people, the teacher, and the subject. My friend is there though which I’m happy about. So we are reading The Outsiders but I can’t even comprehend what I’m reading cuz of the headache, but I also start to get queasy, almost like im going to throw up. I’ve had enough at this point and I really do feel like I’m gonna yak so I ask the teacher if I can go to the nurse. The teacher says I can and I go down. I arrive at the nurses and say I feel sick and I have a huge headache. Like the stereotypical school nurse, she tells me to go get a drink of water across the hall and come back and tell her if I’m still feeling sick, and then she will make me try to go to the bathroom to not be sick anymore. So I go get a drink (like I haven’t already done that) and come back. I don’t think the nurse will help me at all and I feel like I can overcome the nausea so I say thanks and return to English. The rest of English, like other classes consists of me zoning out and pretty much feeling dead inside. Finally, the bell rings. 

Part 5: Computers

Yay! Computer class. We get to play Minecraft hurray! Right? Well no, not exactly, we have to make a fable story in Minecraft and I absolutely hate my group since one guy I our group is obnoxious and can’t control the volume of his voice for the life of him. As you can tell, this is just added hell for me who is still nauseous and has a now even more amplified headache. I remember that I don’t even log onto Minecraft and I just sit in my seat massaging my temples muttering to myself. I’m in the deep end at this point. Nothing else really happens during this period and I move on. 

Part 6: Lunch

So to any medical professionals reading this, you can probably tell that I’m suffering from some form of an extreme migraine. The headache caused by the sensitivity to light which also might indirectly cause the nausea. I’m not as dumb as a bag of rocks and have been noting this too. So as I arrive into lunch I decide to take things into my own hands. I walk with upmost seriousness into the lunch line and order a bag of Scooby snacks and 2 big refrigerated bottles of water. The only way to get better is to eat and drink. I don’t have much of an appetite but I still shove those delicious biscuits down my throat and down both water bottles within 15 minutes. I’m still feeling lien shit during lunch but I try to talk to my friends and not concentrate on my roaring headache and slowly dissipating nausea. But I do think the food and pure water helped because in my subsequent periods I started feeling better and by my last period I felt almost normal with only a mild headache 

Lesson: if you start feeling sick and somethings wrong, go to the nurse and go home. Trust me, it’s better than the alternative I experienced. 

Tldr: had an extreme migraine during school and felt like I wanted to kill myself