reddit r/dreams given to ai ```
  Jumped to box, I tried punching him he opened one and the sun shone its rays onto the voice and my fingers.

  Door and the dream, I can't pinpoint what we taken off at night time in a cut body of her skin like desk toys and the stone.

  It started thinking of dream and died in a spirit I learned what we taken off to see anyone.

  Saying I was in a box, we taken off by Time I was a nurse and supported while his shop which possesses the dock from my room.

  He looked like we taken off by Time in a bit, I can teach you only find.

  See what he can teach you if he didnt so I miss some slush.

  Desk toys and just like in a cat (a siamese) runs to continue counting 6 onwards even if he can teach you if he opened more precarious (and i was a legendary pancake shop.

  Bed in my first way I can teach you on my own but suddenly, I see the door to.

  We burn all and the sun made himself in a small wooden box, I can teach you find profound.

  The truck could tell exactly if she's pregnant and has skin or just dirty with me in my new relationship only find profound.

  Woke up in a box, I was foreigner who found one lane video game esque bridge and the war is to count my two circlular racks in a bit, I picked up.

  Suddenly, I was foreigner who found one blanket I wasnt scared but not great.

  The first way and suddenly, I was foreigner who within a truck but not great.

  Still driving recklessly, I was foreigner who form it?

  Still in my cousins and there was foreigner who form it was a circle and the cat.

  I don't get my own but your dream, and the background of her skin like someone who form it My room.

  Truck in a dark skin, I started thinking of someone who form it was a table with.

  The horses and woke up in a table with me.

  His eyes to count my house and the paint off to count them.

  Suddenly, I manage to leave again and the paint off our crops, I called my own but didn't see.

  A man in my fingers multiple times before whispering to take off her skin, and suddenly, I was a hunting knife.

  Driving recklessly, I told her father's shop and they fought for one before whispering to be home for a photograph of way I tried.

  My cousins in a closet to her father's shop which is full of this fancy restaurant/bar.

  Restaurant/bar.

  Christmas tree in a crazy dream and see a nurse.

  Brass key in a christmas tree in a mile away from my ex, I did.

  Christmas tree in a gem, I was.

  Truck recklessly, speaking in a christmas tree in a truck normally mean though of guilt for.

  Driving recklessly, and the brightness of guilt for a very painful as well, I can't talk right then the song Beginning Of this and there was.

  So we could put the song beginning Of sun in a hitchiker.

  We taken off her skin, and the song Beginning Of sad all the stone.

  There was having fun and the song Beginning Of people surrounding a rude voice and as.

  His eyes as I missed out with me in a lot of my ex.

  Ex because while signaling my house and the truck recklessly, I missed out of The living with a war everywhere I was.

  Told her skin, I missed out of dream, I counted my fingers.

  The lack of The red flesh and all the time so I stop.

  Suddenly, bright red flesh and the man then.

  The dream and has skin, suddenly, I was a gem.

  And has skin, I tried punching him he wants to sleep in a gem, I know whats inside tried to me sitting outside.

  We sat somewhere near water and the sun in a crazy dream, i know whats inside for a body going in.

  Was some reason I had to box, i know whats inside for a box again in.
```