no one: me submitting this in my english class PSA:

Please don’t take this too too seriously I tried to make this more amusing for myself and made jokes abt history and you seem like the type of person to enjoy those types of jokes. I also know way too much about politics

This is actually really upsetting to talk about because so many times people got so close only to be rejected with no actually reasoning and just fear mongering and red scare propaganda. As someone who supports health care and actually does consider themselves a socialist (im not a ussr person) (im for a realtivly small government soically wise but for the government to provide for people economically) (think aoc but more personal freedom) this is a real topic that touchs many different issues. 

It touches government corruption and refusing to do whats best for voting points which is something we unforturntually still see today. I am not trying to make this all a joke I just believe in life if you cant laugh and have fun about really dark subjects life is stupid. 



That being said welcome to my past American health care thingy: 


A Brief History: Universal Health Care Efforts in the US.” PNHP, https://pnhp.org/a-brief-history-universal-health-care-efforts-in-the-us/.  

the entire history of american health care

no real reforms happened until 1901 with fdr who was one of the first presidents to believe no country could be strong with everyone being poor and sick. granted he didnt do anything about it because he was busy doing welfare and stuff but still. 

this entire thing got turned around when ww1 came around and the anti german propaganda and calling everything they didnt like socialist started. (wow really?? not like america does that every time we go into a war) 

so health care just got called communist until alot later because of germany than the soviet union (neither of which were communist rather state capitalist but i digress) 

this really only changed when truman came into president and basically was like ya communism is bad but you know whats also bad??? people dying of easily prevented illnesses because they cant afford it. 

SUPRISE SUPRISE

mr. cold war truman was accused of being... WAIT FOR IT. A SOCIALIST *the audience gasps* by the republicans no less *audience gasps even more* *sheds a single tear* 

the ama claimed healthcare would make doctors slaves.  

Segregation of races didn’t end for another 20 years when this was going on by the way (legal segregation I mean)

(If you cant tell I am very left wing)

The republicans at the time spent the most money they have ever spent on lobbying 1.5 MILLION to keep healthcare not happened. In todays money that’s over 28 MILLION DOLLARS. 
The average person spends 4 million dollars over the course of their entire life. To put it in perspective. 

 They paid off members to not support healthcare. 



Lets take a step back and go over groups that were for medical care for all. 

In 1926 a bunch of fility rich people met together, called themselves the ccmc and were like yea healthcare cool. 

They made 26 research volumes and 15 smaller reports over a 5  year periods.

That’s a lot. 

They gave congress the evidence of why it would be good for everyone for the government to nationalize healthcare and you can guess what the government calls it- SOCIALIST. 


Henry sigerist: from the 1930s to the 1940s he played a major role in the politics revoling around medicine and healthcare. He  believed in a compulsory health insurance. Some of his students even went on to follow in his footsteps and become big in the same industry. 

While I do not agree in compulsory anything this was a big step due to Sigerist teaching at John Hopkins which of course is a very pretitous school. 


The famed wagner bill was released into public light in 1943. It supported national health survice and was put into light by people who this bill would help. 

Progressive leaning farmers, Organized labor groups, liberal physicians. People coming from every walk of life to achieve a common goal that they all were affected by which is really beautiful if you think about it. 



Lets look further into why it kept being declined over and over again. Why socialism and communism were trigger words and why the American people were so scared they really listened to them. 

America was one of the super powers of the world. It still is but even more so during the 20th century. 

Families would send their fathers and sons and young as 18 to war against these dictatorships all that started with false promises.

Promises of equality and promises of protection. In Germany that led to the holocaust as we all know. In the soviet union it led to the oppression and execution of hundreds of thousands of people. 

Both the USSR and Germany are currently described as a State Capitalist system where the government controls the means of production. 

The government painted both of these as socialist so of course every person who watched their childhood friends, sons, brothers, etc etc be sent off to war to die at the hands of these evil people would want the opposite of that.



Finally in 1965 johnson signed Medicaid into law. Starting the healthcare thing for once and for all. 

This is a debate still continuing today. But those are the basics