I am genuinely upset over Among Us, and not because I lost the game, I lost good friends. Sure I just met them. But they were amazing. I got into a lobby by random chance with a bunch of amazing people and we played game after game after game after game, even had the time to develop inside jokes, but eventually people started leaving. But that was fine becahse the people that left were the ones not really talking in chat, and we had like 5 that were in chat.

Then koko left. We were all sad about koko, he was one our favorites. I called a meeting just so we could all mourn the loss. He was the center of many jokes, and seemed like a genuinely good person. I was imposter with him by my side 3 times. What are the odds right? We had some insanely intense moments together, and genuinely so much fun. 

Then another guy, who's name was random gibberish, left. He was so fun to play the game with, and made everything so much more interesting, and was so good at playing psychological games and making you trust he wasnt an imposter. He was also a funny person.

I wont forget the person named "dhbo." He was also the center of many jokes. We would kill him in front of people just to watch him die, for no reason other then us deciding he was the one who must suffer such a fate. He would always say "why me :(" and we all laugh and apologize. 

Someone named pew joined and with pew I had an AMAZING GAME, we were both imposter, and we pulled of some sketchy stuff, like a very poorly planned double kill in security that had me dying laughing.

Then RojoRed, the host, the one who made it, left. A tragedy. All of the original players were hurt. He didnt talk much, but without him the game wouldnt have existed, and i wouldnt have had this amazing experience. 

Then guy, an OG, left. He was also very fun to play with and we had many jokes revolving around him. We all would laugh at him when he made stupid call outs that gave him away as imposter. 

After he left it was just me and zero left to mourne. It was just me and zero. Zero was my favorite. Both of us had already made a ton of inside jokes and had a genuinely amazing time playing the game. After one more game, zero left. After everybody was gone it was just me left, and the people that joined were a bunch of toxic little kids. I left. 

Its crazy how much fun I can have by random chance joining that lobby with random people. I will miss them all for a while until I inevitably forget.

I'm pretty much just leaving this here for myself, this is something I dont want to forget, but thanks if you read this and have a good day 

Thank you RojoRed, koko, Djskjdkdh, dhbo, pew, guy, and of course Zero, for making my week/ month/ however long I remember you guys better. I hope to someday see you all again.