Rules if I were to have a child Due to the parenting style of my parents, I'll make sure my kids have a good childhood/ teenage life:

Flip phone until the age of 10 for emergencies

I'd give them a smartphone when I feel like they're mature enough/ need it

Grades don't matter as long as you try your best, if you're struggling don't be afraid, tell me and I'll try to help you or get you a tutor if you want

Mental health days whenever you need it

Mental health will be treated just as important as physical health

Allowed to have a significant other at any age, just be safe

Need someone to talk about problems, but don't feel comfortable talking to a parent? I understand, I'll get you a therapist

In a dangerous situation? Call up my phone, no consequences for being responsible 

Sexually active? I'll put you on birth control and buy protection

Party? I'll drive you there. Just check up with me every now and then

Drinking/smoking? At a reasonable age, yes, I'd rather have you do it with my knowledge and safe than behind my back while I think you're somewhere else. Call me up if something happens, I'll be there.

Will never shame you for anything like your style, weight or anything you're interested in

Punishments won't include getting your phone taken away or taking away your friends, they're important

No checking your phone, it's your private space unless I'm worried about your well being and actually have a specific reason to, and if that's the case I won't go through all of your chats, your conversations are your conversations.

Want to spend time with me? I'll make sure to set something up for both of us as soon as I'm free.

If I'm ever in the wrong I'll make sure to apologize and make it up to you. I will surely make mistakes too, but when I realize I will let you know, we're both human

Going on a date? Let me do your makeup and help you pick out an outfit 

Curfew is whenever you want it to be on weekends, if it's really late make sure to check up with me every now and then, I might be worried but I won't stop your fun

Want to talk with me or need advice about something you consider embarrassing? I won't judge you, I've been young too.