To all those out there who are really struggling right now... I’ve never posted here before but I feel there are a lot of people who could use a few words to help them, and from someone who isn’t just your parents, but a fellow teen among you all. Because I sure know I needed it.

The last 6 months have been the worst that I can recall. Being a 19 year old male, I was still recovering from the “post-graduation depression” that some people go through, in the process loosing contact with most of my friends. Having to deal with drama in family politics and having to be the only voice of reason because everyone is too f**king immature to resolve anything. Being stressed out about my parents constantly telling me that I need to do something with my life didn’t help either. Then quarantine happened, and I ended up getting dumped by the girl that I loved.

Safe to say I was a mess.

I had sunk into depression and had no drive to do anything, I wanted to quit and just stop hurting. To lie down, go to sleep, and not wake up. But I’d come to the realization that sulking over my breakup and just wishing things would be better won’t fix anything. I faced my demons head on and resolved my problems with my now ex, I had a friend who helped me start to move on (who I cannot express more gratitude for), I told my family that I’m done with their drama, partially moved out of my parents house, and I got a job offer that can actually lead into a career. Things are finally looking up for me.

While I still may be hurting, I know that the actions I have taken are best for my own health and well being. 

The point I’m trying to make here is that no matter how much things may hurt, no matter how much life throws at you, and no matter how much you want to quit, there is always something you can do to make things better for yourself. I know that majority of the users on this subreddit are younger than me, and while I may not have a lot of life experience, these last few months have really opened my eyes. For everyone that is struggling with something, things will get better. Your life has just begun and for all of us, sh*t is just starting. 

You will find something to do with your life
You don’t need to let people drag you down 
You will find happiness if you feel you’ve lost it
You always have someone who will look out for you
You will find someone else
You will be great 

And don’t let anyone or anything tell you otherwise