F**k this s**t It’s after 2 am here and I just got done with extra schoolwork (because I was bored) and I still feel like c**p but I don’t feel like going to bed and couldn’t anyway because my brother has a 32-inch monitor in our shared bedroom and he’s using it right now. The pandemic can kiss my a*s because I can’t go do anything or even socialize outside of on here and a group chat with some of my friends. Online school is easy and all but I’m slowly going crazy living in a pretty small house with 4 other people. Going to an actual physical school with all that entails is annoying and can be draining but going without it for 9 months now makes me wish I could go back. Also, I live in America and watching democracy breaking and even the most sensible of reforms being passed is impossible, leading to us rightfully being mocked by every country with a yearly GDP per capita over $20000 USD. No one wants to talk about these issues and when they do it’s incredibly partisan and having a civilized conversation with someone with differing viewpoints is almost impossible, and having a political conversation with someone who agrees with you is useless. I realize this is a long, winding rant that’s following my slightly tired, caffeinated, angry thoughts  and I’m sorry but I need somewhere to vent and this was the best place to do it. Don’t worry, feel free to ignore this. But for real I’m just existing i this state where I get up at noon, get coffee, do my schoolwork for a few hours, pick up around the house, then try and distract my brain on YouTube or Reddit until I fall asleep at 2 or 3 in the morning. I’m waiting for COVID to end so I can have some semblance of a normal teenage life. I’m basically in a monotonous holding tank I it feels awful. All because some wackjobs and an incompetent president didn’t feel like putting a piece of cloth on their face for two months. I missed the last quarter of 8th grade and it looks like I’m going to miss my entire freshman year of high school being frozen in a year-long wait in a small area with only my two annoying younger siblings and my parents. I haven’t even talked on the phone with anyone outside my family for weeks. I can’t leave and go anywhere because a) I live in bumf**k nowhere and there’s only grass and cows for four miles till you reach the nearest town and b) no one in said town ever wears a mask. This entire quarantine situation is the worst and I absolutely hate this. I thought 4th and 5th grades were bad but at least being bullied and attending a pressuring school was SOMETHING. Honestly, and I know I sound crazy and this is probably irrational, I’d rather be doing that than this. My online school offers no interaction with other students. I basically exist for 90% of the time at either the kitchen table doing schoolwork or in my bed on my phone or asleep, day in band day out for months on end. I take some solace in learning and I have improved my grades to levels I had thought almost impossible before (my school is very easy which probably plays a role in that). But I swear I want to live life I feel like I’m on house arrest. Come to think of it, the last time I stepped outside was 3 or 4 days ago and I only just realized it now. This sucks and I’m running out of things to say so I guess I’ll do a TL;DR.

TL;DR: I’m basically living on ice until society restarts after COVID and it’s frustrating as h**l. I need more friends and I’m writing this angry and pretty sleep deprived, but I still feel that this is all B******t. Thank you for listening to my TED talk and have a good night. Sorry again Reddit for ranting on like this.