Traumatizing Story ft. Uncle So this all started on Christmas eve of 2019, I never really thought of posting this. First off I must say that my family is Hispanic and love to drink, and would find any excuse to drink and Christmas was no exception. Anyhow long distanced family members came to visit to spend Christmas together and they had came a few days prior. I got to meet some cousins I haven't met in years which was nice. 

Fastfoward to Christmas eve, there was nothing special about it in the beginning of the day, my younger siblings were running around house with my cousins, and I was talking with the older cousins. Now here's where I started seeing some weird red flags. He sits right next to me on the couch, out of line of sight of the rest of the family, and talks to me about how beautiful I am and starts rubbing my thigh. Now I didnt really think about this too much at the time because, family just do this kind of thing when they're drunk and shit. But it later in the night of Christmas eve, my family opens presents at the midnight, and my weird uncle and normal aunt got me present with lots of little gifts inside, anyhow I thanked them both heres the really fucked up part, like I know he's drunk and stuff, but he wasn't being discrete about it, he starts hugging me and his daughter while rubbing his privates against my thigh, and after his daughter left to look at her phone on the couch, he keeps doing it letting out the quietest of moans. Well I was more shocked than anything, trying to understand what the hell just happened.

 Now I was on to him, and being more conscious of everything he's trying to do to get us alone. And then only two attempts which scared me. He had something to get  from the car, and asked me to go along with him. Trying not to be alone, I asked his daughter(My older cousin) to come along with us, oblivious to his intentions, so for now I was safe. Now here's the part that was probably the most scariest, was this, I figured he would do anything to get us alone, so in order to bait him, I went to the bathroom, and took a quick glance at the couch where he is, and sure enough he stands up and heads my direction. I kind of hesitated but he got awfully close, and I went into the bathroom, where he tried to open the door wide open, but me not being a frail teen in fact my highest condition I've been in for wrestling season, it wasn't too hard to overpower a drunk man. But sure enough as soon as I closed him out, I waited in the bathroom for a bit.
 
Now I don't need consoling, I usually tend to laugh things off, so I spent like the next 5-8 minutes smiling and chuckling mostly in shock if anything.I guess I out lasted him, cause he was asleep on the couch while my other family members still taking shots. I called my girlfriend,  and she started crying, I spent the whole night awake and talking to my girlfriend for they were sleeping over and I needed to be awake the whole night or else who knows. I woke up and they left later in the day, and I've never seen them since. I never told anyone else because I didn't want to put his family in ruins. I wouldn't want that to do that to them. I just hope he never does that again. Anyhow thanks for listening.