My parents are the worst (Long read) OK, here goes.  Sorry for formatting and such, I wasn't too concerned with grammar while writing this and had to make the edits later. I just need to get this off my chest.

I'm questioning my sexuality, and think I might be bi, but I'm afraid to tell my parents. It's not that they're homophobic, but I don't want to be treated differently and I know for a fact they would be weird about it and probably either treat me like a stranger or try to convince me I'm too young to be making that decision. I definitely don't want this getting out at school. 

I think I might also be developing some paranoia, since my parents refuse to respect my privacy. They have a screen-sharing app installed on my computer and can see what I'm doing whenever they want. I'm writing this home alone and I've been going back and forth about posting this for a week because I'm terrified they'll find it. I'm constantly afraid that they can see what I'm doing even when they're not home, and I sometimes even think they can hear the thoughts in my head.

They can control which websites I visit and how long I can use the computer before it shuts itself off, and their logic is since I'm already in school for six hours a day I really don't need anymore screen time, right? It doesn't matter if it's, you know, mandatory. Screen time is screen time! 

They're threatening to block any and all chatting websites. Because of the pandemic that is my only link to the outside world and the only way I have to communicate with my friends. So I have to be incredibly careful with everything I do, or they will literally isolate me.

They control what I eat, and their rules are ridiculous. Like, if I ate cucumber yesterday I have to eat a different  vegetable today. And I can't have fruit or bread more than once a day. Two gummy bears, the little ones, is considered a 'treat' and is a once-a-week occasion. Just recently my mom tried to convince me that milk of all things, just plain milk, is 'full of sugar' and 'incredibly unhealthy'. 

I'm not allowed to draw during school, even if I finished the work for that period or even for the rest of the day. I'm not allowed to read. I'm not allowed to talk to my friends. If it's technically school hours, even if I'm not in class I'm just supposed to stare at the wall. I'm going out of my mind and I can't say anything because they'll go off on some rant about 'trust' .

And we're even different religions. They raised me Christian but I'm now an atheist, which definitely impacted our relationship. They're forcing me to go through with Confirmation, and basically lie to a bunch of priests. And my mom started cracking down on my language as soon as I told her I didn't believe in God. I can't say 'oh my god' I can't say 'freaking'. Even if I'm not talking to her at the time, it's 'incredibly offensive' that I say oh my god. Despite the fact that she says it almost as much as I used to.

They don't acknowledge my trypanophobia, they don't acknowledge that I'm a human being with a sleep schedule. My mom is constantly telling me I stink and that my face is covered with acne. Every time I confront her she says she's just 'concerned about my hygiene' but it hurts anyways.

I know this rant is long, and I honestly don't expect anybody to care. I do understand that a lot of people have it worse than me, but I just wanted to vent and get some advice for how to confront them. Thanks for reading all the way down here.