recap of my 15th year of life, the worst one Today is my birthday, and I tought I would write a post about all the shit that’s been going on in my 15th year of life.

When I became 15, everything was alright. Good points in school, lots of friends, etc. But then, in march, the corona hit. Everyone stuck at home. This wasn’t too bad yet, I could live with this. I was bored of it after 2 weeks.

April: my mom came out as bisexual. And she had a girlfriend. She had been married to my dad for 13 years or something now so this was a heavy hit. My dad being very sad, and my mom not knowing what to do just kinda didn’t live in the same house anymore.

In the beginning mom would only go to her GF on Friday and Sunday. It became more than that. And more and more until she easily was over there for an entire week. Now this GF was also married, but they’d been fighting for some time. My mom’s excuse to go there that much was to keep the fighting to a minimum.

In June moms GF and her husband divorced, and now moms GF didn’t have anywhere to sleep, so she moved in with us until she bought herself a home. This was very heavy on my dad and he would almost never sleep, it looked like he cried every time he got up. By the end of summer break mom and dad finally divorced, and my mom moved in to her own house. Moms GF has a house in a far away city, since her kids go to school there.

October: We’ve been living like this for some time now. Every Wednesday we switched the house we were living in. My sister was suffering from frequent stomach aches and we went to the doctor with her. Many doctors visits, echoes and other scans later it turns out she had cancer in her liver.

But she was curable. She almost immediately started chemo. A few weeks later we had a bald girl running around the house. By January it was decided she could stop chemo and get on the list for a liver donor. Living in high stress and anticipation for a call from the hospital we continued. Last Thursday we finally got the call. By now she has gotten a new liver and is in the ICU. The operation went better than expected, being done almost 4 hours earlier than expected.

And now we’re here.

I’m thinking of buying a 3D printer with my birthday money.

And I’m 16 now which means I can buy beer legally now.