Am I a horrible person for doing this? I’ve been talking to someone for a while now. It’s been about almost a year since we have been talking and about 2 months ago, we both confessed to each other. Everything was fine at the beginning. I’m a senior and he’s a year younger than me so that means he’s a junior. I was starting to get busy and didn’t have much time to talk to him as much anymore. Whenever we did, I was always stressed and tired. He became upset about this and immediately thought I no longer had interest in him and tried to ghost me. I was really hurt by this and resorted to self-harm as a way to comfort myself. After I had done that, I called him a few hours later sobbing about it and told him about what I had done and why I had done it. I knew he felt guilty about it and he apologized over and over again. After that, we became close again, but I could tell things were different. I was busy again and stressed from both school and college applications. I talked to him about this but he didn’t feel comfortable and asked me not to talk about it. We were becoming distant and I knew he was trying to ghost me again so I began ignoring him. About 2 days ago, he texted me saying that he noticed that we grew distant and said that he had suspicions that I no longer likes him anymore. I had mixed feelings about him and I told him that and I also told him the reason why I couldn’t talk to him as much. He then told me he loved me. He said he was crying about this and that he really did love me. He also said that he was hurt at the fact that I most likely didn’t have feelings for him anymore. He also apologized for not hearing me out. I told him I didn’t love him. I said that it was never his fault but instead mine because he has lack of experience and I have experience in this so I said I should have tried harder to make sure we never lost connection. I felt so guilty for saying that I don’t love him and for making him cry. I felt like ever since that night that I called him about me harming myself forced him into talking to me. I asked him about it and he said it was somewhat true but it was mostly because he loves me. Am I horrible for not trying hard enough to keep in contact with him? Am I a horrible person for telling him about me harming myself because of him? I just feel so guilty for doing this to him and for making him cry. I really want to say that I like him but I really do have mixed feelings about him.