Parent Appreciation I don't really know what this post is, but I wanted to say some stuff and the people here tend to be really good listeners in my experience so here I am.

I love my parents. So freaking much. They are the best people I know. I know plenty of people say this, and I think the conclusion I've come to is that all of them are right. Because anyone who believes they have the best parents in the world have the best parents they could have. Every person is different, right? So doesn't it make sense that everyone has different "perfect" parents? Maybe I'm nuts but I just feel like parents don't get the appreciation they deserve sometimes.

I'm going to college for my second semester at the uni I worked my ass off in high school to get into. It was my dream to go there for 4 years and now that I can say I've taken a full semester of classes, I can honestly say that I miss my home so much. I wanted to leave home for years. I told my parents I wouldn't call, wouldn't text, and that once I was gone, I was gone. I wanted to mean it I think because I thought I was being independent. That if I did really cut them out, that I had achieved something. But I realize now that not only was I a total douche canoe, but I was also incredibly wrong. They've done more for me then I could ever ask other humans to do. They have dedicated the last 18 years of their lives to me and making sure they did their best for me. Imagine that! Seriously, think for one second about taking that much time out of your life entirely for a different person. It's astounding to me how much they genuinely care for and love me. I wasn't always the best person, and I certainly still have a ways to go, but never have they abandoned me. Every time I've screwed up, or really been down and out, they're there. And that's the most incredible thing to me.

If you're reading this, and you think you have the best parents in the world, please tell them. For my sake, go tell them that. I'm sure you're right. Because for you, they're probably better than mine. But I know that for me, my parents are the best people I could possibly ask for.

Thanks Mom and Dad.