Pros and cons of various social media platforms: Reddit:

Pros: has a subreddit for everything. 
Very entertaining. 
Anybody's post can blow up, regardless of popularity.
Addictive af.

Cons: is essentially a hivemind with no other opinions allowed. 

Youtube:

Pros: one of the largest platforms right now.
Has thousands of youtubers and millions of videos to watch. 
Very diverse platform.

Cons: company only cares about money.
Absurd amount of ads.
Idiotic youtubers stealing content and making stupid content, often resulting in a bad influence on young kids.

Facebook:

Pros: provides a platform for older people who are less familiar with technology

Cons: spreads a stupid ammount of misinformation, causing alot of people to believe crazy conspiracies and promote things such as anti vaxx and anti mask logic, legitimately putting alot of people in danger.

Twitter:

Pros: provides a widely used platform where many famous people make statements
Reposted tweets make up a large portion of other platforms, often providing entertaining content and ideas.

Cons: full of hyper progressive "SJWs" which spread dumb ideas and always try to "cancel" people.

Tumblr:

Pros: provides alot of funny content that is often reposted on other platforms.

Cons: full of hyper progressives and toxic peopl

Instagram:

Pros: a popular and active platform, mostly used by the younger generation, creating a sense of relatability.
Easy to post and see how other people are doing.

Cons: often pushes unrealistic lifestyles and body types into young people, causing alot of insecurities and mental health problems among our generation.
Is a largely used platform by pedophiles due to the amount of young girls often posting somewhat sexually explicit content.

Twitch:

Pros: provides a large streaming platform for gamers and other people. 
It's a creative way of receiving entertainment.

Cons: I've heard of a few controversities regarding some streamers and twitch moderators.
Home to many twitch thots

4chan:

Pros: funny/interesting green text stories to read.
Free speech.

Cons: due to the free speech, theres alot of racist and controversial content on there.

Snapchat:

Pros: one of the main ways our generation interacts. Great overall sharing/texting platform
Texts getting automatically deleted and snaps not being able to be played more than twice provides a sense of privacy.

Cons: can be used to bully/harass/dox people

That is all I can think of. Note that this is just personal opinion and I'm not even very familiar with some of these platforms. Hope u guys enjoyed and have a good one.