I am afraid I feel very afraid at this point in my life. there's so much I haven't done and so much I have done, so many points in my life I wish I could travel back to and change and so many more points I wish I could know about in advance. I'm scared. I'm scared about the future. Will I be successful? Will there even be a future? What if I fail? I'm scared about the present too. I feel like I'm in a failing relationship only for the sake of convenience. the relationship feels comfortable. I love him but it feels like that sensation I once felt around him is slipping through my fingers. Is all love like this? Does all love die? Am I the problem? What am I doing wrong? There's so much I'm doing wrong. Theres so much I have done wrong. I tried to help a friend but I made stuff worse. I made it so much more fucking worse for both of us. I wish I could somehow go back and change that moment. I fucked it up so badly. I didn't help. It happened almost a year ago and to this day I still don't know if I did the right thing. She was so afraid. I think I made it worse. I make stuff worse sometimes. I try not to but I can be a bad person. I don't know how to come to terms with the fact that I can be a bad person. I don't want to be a bad person. No one wants to be a bad person. There have been so many bad people. I almost ended my life because of someone. She denies that she did anything to me. She's lying. She always lies. Shes out of my life for now. She clings to people I know like a virus. She is a virus. Some people can be viruses. I have a virus. I rely on him too much. I leave him but I crawl back when I do. I can't leave him. I was destroyed whenever I did the last time. I can't do it again but it is in3vitabely going to happen. He will leave me and I will struggle again. I don't know how I'm going to cope with that. Last time it was so bad. I couldn't fucking handle it. I don't know if I will be able to handle it. I'm still the same person I was when that first happened. I feel like I've changed but I'm not sure. What if I'm lying to myself? I probably am. This change feels fake. I thought I had made my mental health so much better but some days I just feel so bad. Some days I can't help it. Some days I break down and cry for the shortest reasons and I'm not sure if that's ok. Part of me thinks that it's ok. Everyone cries sometimes. Does crying make me weak? I'm not sure. I don't think so. I feel weak when I cry. I feel damaged when I cry. Crying is such a helpful feeling sometimes and such a destructive feeling at other times. Crying can release so much pain but it can also enhance it. Crying can stress you out. I know someone who can't cry. She hasn't cried for the last few years. At first glance that seems like such a blessing but she has no release for all her emotions. It builds up for her and then she takes it out in harmful ways. She hurts herself by not crying. I don't understand why she can't cry. I don't get it. She hurts so bad. I feel so bad for her. I want to help her so much but I don't feel like there's anything I can do. When people hurt sometimes there's nothing you can do to help but I don't like that. I want to help them but I can't. Most of the time I can help people. When I can't help people I feel bad. Apparently I'm good at helping people. I admire that trait. When I can't help people a part of me feels useless. Like I've failed at one of the few things I'm good at. It's odd. Life is odd. Being a teenager is so odd. It's filled with so much emotion and so many strange things. Sometimes you need to vent mindlessly which is what I've done here. I don't know if anyone will see it but that's ok. It's good to get stuff out sometimes even if it's just into the void. It's odd.