The edgy guy i met on reddit Hello this is really sensitive for me cause I met a boy who’s 17 and he’s from indian at first he’s pretty funny and nice but he became more edgier and super rude like those “mE aNd ThE BOyS” like a “fun way” tho so yeah i did tell him my country which is the Philippines and then he keeps saying stuff like “ohhh ur from the Philippines is ur Consent 12 right?” And i reply it used to be but they changed to 18 and then then he said stuff like there’s a lot of pedohiles wants to f*ck young kids and yeah i was shooked and disgusted for what he said to me and he said stuff like i have a friend she’s 16 and told me that her boyfriend f*cks her multiple times and i was like okay.... it’s really uncomfortable for me to this topic and then he harassing me over and over again and i was hahaha... (☹️) and then he asked me i have instagram so i told him yes and then yeah we starting chatting like we usually do and then it all started like this













Him: are u still with ur bf
Me: yes
Him: then why are u here on reddit
Me: cause i wanted to make friends?
Him: oh












And then he saw my post about an american guy called me a filipina slut and this boy yeah him












Tell me this: u said u didn't like being called a Filipino slut and he just laughed it out 















I was so super offended  i told him that not all filipinas are sluts 😐 ur being racist and rude for my filipino blood and he was like sorry?















And yeah after that we talked on Instagram 
And this is what happened 


















Him: oh so u r online eve
Me: Hi?
Him: hi?
Me: who are you?
Him: am ur dad, u said u didn't like being called a Filipino slut?
Me: yes oh... *heart by him* *heart by him*
saw my stories
Him: which one r u? U r a dick
Me: What the fuck is you’re problem I haven’t done anything bad but u kept harassing me over and over again 😖 fuck off being edgy isn’t funny 
Him: how did i harass u
Me: physical harassment isn't the only harassment
Him: r u on drugs?  r u delusional?
(Now he’s telling I’m on drugs 🤦🏻‍♀️)
Me: u keep shit talking me and being a jerk I hope u know that
Him: u literally had said that on reddit ( now he thinks that I’m a slut...)
Him: u pathetic human being 
Me: ok
Him: i was just trying to be friends u Japanese wannabe( yeah for being a dick and a racist asshole and yeah i like anime what’s wrong with that and I don’t wanna be japanese trying to be friends but being edgy nah ah) 
Me:  obviously u aren't getting that much attention that's why you're like this
Him: or or
Me: pathetic dumbass *blocked*