How I started smoking as a kid As I was growing up, my dad had me go get him his pack of cigarettes for as long as I can possibly remember. I was probably around 10 when we were in his woodshop and he asked me to get one out of his pack for him rather than just bringing him his pack.  That was probably the fourth or fifth time I’d actually touched a cigarette. I loved hanging out with him and by the time that I was 11 or 12, he was not only asking me to get them out of his pack but if his hands were busy, he’s ask me to light it for him.  If he was trying to make a corner cut it was complicated, he’d hand me his cigarette until he was done.   We used run errands together, and sometimes he would light up a cigarette intermediately have to go into the insurance office or somewhere else.  He’d hand me the cigarette, and never question when he came back it was burnt out in the ashtray.   He knew I was sneaking but never said anything.   As soon as I turned 13, we were out driving somewhere and he asked me to get him a cigarette and light it for him. I did and handed it to him and he asked me when I was going to start smoking like my cousins and everyone else.  He knew I was inhaling from lighting his cigarettes for a year if nothing else.  He always smoked Marlboro Reds.

I didn’t exactly know how to answer him so I hem haw’ed around.  He finally told me to get one out of his pack and that I could smoke whenever I wanted openly.  He bought cartons and he told me to just get a pack out whenever I needed from his carton.  Like most 13-year-olds given that opportunity, I quickly became a pack a day smoker.

I would have kids come over from school to do projects and things and it would be odd to them I could smoke openly. Anytime that I offered them a cigarette, they always accepted. My parents never minded If they smoked at our house.  They’d always ask my friends if they smoked when they came over and if they said yes, they asked if their parents knew.  As long as my friends said yes, they could smoke openly at my house (I became kind of popular lol).

By the time I was 16 I was easily smoking a pack to a pack and a half a day.  It was the last thing I did when my parents dropped me off at school and the first thing I did when they picked me up.   Those 7 hours without smoking were torture.    By the time I was 18 I was going through my own carton every week - but I was working and making my own money to pay for it....and that’s where I am now and my story.  My little bro is repeating it almost exactly.  We come from a very upper class family, for what its worth.   It’s nothing about who we are, but about the bonds my dad and I built, my friends and I built and my brother and I are building.