Why does it feel like I never have control of my life? It feels like for the longest time I have no say in what happens to me. It feels like my life is constantly in turmoil between highs and lows. I can't ever feel good about myself because I know that just when I'm not expecting it, just as I think I'm putting in enough work for everything to go smoothly, just when I'm thinking that I deserve what's going on, I get hit with the most massive fucking curveballs. 

Academically, I always do worse than my lowest expectations. Even when I study everything there is about something and feel like I know what I'm doing, I totally disappoint myself. 

I'm a junior and have been taking the ACT since 9th grade. I do all the practice tests multiple times over the years and study every resource available constantly better myself. And when I go to the testing center feeling like I know the test in and out, every single time I do worse than my worst expectations. This past time I did it I was making perfects on all my tests and was making sure I knew all my concepts. I go up there and the same shit happens. My 5th time. It hurts because there are people that go up there taking it like once before and studying for 2 weeks doing a practice test and just ace it. Why is that I do all the hard work and still don't see results. 

I found out was the top of the class at the end of this past semester. Oh great. I'm happy. I deserve it because I study for countless hours on everything. Now what the fuck could possible go wrong because it's bound to. I'm not wrong of course because it's the one thing I'm never wrong on. Here we go. I'm in algebra. For 2 fucking nights in a row I don't do some problem somehow in the homework. I scroll completely through that shit every night looking for something my dumbass might miss. Turns out somehow I missed something. This degenerate fuck I have as a teacher counts off half the credit both times even though I tell her what happened. "Maybe you just skipped them" WHY THE FUCK WOULD I DO THAT. Bitch was trying to be funny. No one laughed.

I have a test in AP Chemistry, one of my best classes. Great. I got this. Study until 2 am. Build a great understanding of the subject. Get to school. Watch myap videos in a class we're not doing anything in. Great. I'm being productive. I got this bitch in the bag. Get to the test. Ok maybe I'll miss 3 questions. Damn this free response is ass. Maybe I'll miss like 5-7 points. That's a high b raw. It's about to be curved to atleast a 98. Submit the test. I missed 14 points on MC. What the fuck. That's a whole 7 questions. I get home and after the escape velocity curving on tests we have in there we have in there I end up with a 79. I'm baffled. How do I put in that much work and end up with a C. I used to be mad at a 94 in there. I have never made a B. My class average for the 1st semester is a 99 unweighted. This test is gonna sock that shit in the jaw. It is like the world is so hardwired to give me a bad time after a good one that it just making up shit that doesn't make sense. How am I supposed to keep myself at the top if shit like this happens to me? How am I supposed to be happy with myself?

I wish I could say I was doing better when it comes to taking care of my body. I used to love going to the gym before COVID. After it hit. aftee some time I realized that now would be a good time to cut down on body fat and get lean, as well as get fit and improve my respiratory and cardiovascular systems. My parents won't let me go on a diet. When I say I don't want another helping they make me eat one more anyway. No wonder they are at risk for diabetes. My parents don't even how it works and never listen to me. They tell me what they think is how it works. We eat white rice everyday. How am I supposed to get fit if I don't eat right? I can work 25 hours a day but I don't have a calorie deficit and limited carbs I'm just gonna get fatter. I don't even have control over my own wellbeing. 

I just want to feel like I earned something for once. I want to feel like I put it in the work for something and it goes my way because that's the way it's supposed to. Atleast once. I know the world is unpredictable but how am I fucked over every single god damn time.