Im so angry! This is so stupid!! I'm sure everyone is tired of seeing these posts but I just need to rant. I'm 17 years old. Yesterday my parents locked down my phone with screen time and eliminated all computer games in the family.

 I like games, I even built a gaming pc a month ago for my 17th birthday. They started being hostile towards games a long time ago. Its mainly my mom who is very against games, and thinks they are a waste of time. My dad is pro- computer but also anti-game. 

Yesterday morning my dad came down and started bashing gamers and listing all these absolute worst case scenarios, as he always does. Says games are not real, a waste of time, people who play games in their 20s are losers, and games make you fat and lazy. This is blatantly not true! He always lists these super awful worst case scenarios to prove his points.

 My point is, any hobby is a waste of time. If it doesn't serve a purpose such as making money then its a waste of time. they all are. Games are no different. So for his personal opinion on games ruining my chances at playing them is beyond infuriating. 

We recently got some new friends who live in a different state then us. Parents haven't let us have friends for the majority of my life. they're christians, so every single other family we've ever met has some flaw that makes them not good. I want irl friends so bad. I'm angry at my parents for raising me this way. 

These new friends are friends of the very few friends we had out of state. We started a discord server and a minecraft server together. It was the most social interaction i'd had all year. I was so happy. Playing games with them was so awesome and fun. But there was one kid who wasn't as goody goody as the others. He sometimes said "freaking". Oh my god thats so bad for our christian ears to here omg oh no. 

My mom complains that we've only met these kids a few times, and that she doesnt trust them. So after my little sister reports on the one kid a few times for saying "freaking" and posting a meme in our discord, my parents just take it all away. 

Minecraft, games, our discord server, our freedom on our phones. They went through and deleted anything they deemed unnecessary. Removed half of my games that I paid for and worked on. Now I'm using my laptop at 2 am trying to get bluestacks to work so I can get snapchat to talk to my friend. I'm really angry about this. I guess I only have to put up with it for one more year, then I'm out. My mom and dad both had overprotective parents. They cut contact with them. Well they don't see it, but they've become the very thing they hated.  

I have nothing to look forward to at the end of the day. I have this gaming pc that's useless now. They want me to come get any game I want to play approved, so I need to go ask about each and every one I want to be allowed to play.

This is so stupid! I can drive a car and go to work but heaven forbid I download an app on my phone. I don't know what I'm going to do. We don't live near the friends, but we plan to move. this move is going to take at least 6 months but probably more then a year. I'm so mad. I'm so mad.