When someone asks a question, if you want to reply at least give them an answer! So you know questions like, How much would a Hotel cost to build? What is the best University in the world? Which phone is the best price? How much money does a CEO make in a year? 

Now I know these questions are general, especially the latter BUT if someone asked a question then they expect an answer. 

Maybe you've worked in a field for 50 years of your life and saying stuff like "The price of hotels ranges alot and blah blah and depends on many stuff so there is no correct answer" fulfills a carnal desire to show superiority over the dimwit who did not list a ten paragraph long list of specific parameters for what he actually specifically means when he says hotel. 

Or maybe, it's you who's actually the dumb one. So much so that you don't understand when someone means Hotel, they mean a widely recognised example of the word. Any Joe Shmoe would know that No, A motel is not a hotel,  and No, OP did not mean a duo office building - hotel when he/she asked the question. What if, just what if, and stand with me here, OP meant those buildings that say Hilton or Marriott or whatever. 

And I get that maybe, just maybe you actually want to help people out and think that giving a general answer that would apply to only a few hotels and be very inaccurate for others would be misleading. That's fine to think that. And if you want to include that "The price of hotels ranges alot bad blah blah and depends on many stuff so there is no correct answer" bit in the start of your answer that's cool too, but the very least you can do is give an answer after that. 

If you're an angel sent from God to bring people peace and enlightenment after long suffering with those wretched people mentioned above, maybe you can give a breakdown of a hotel and how and how much prices would vary. 

But if your not then you can atleast, provide a) An example; XYZ hotel costs this much to run and it's building cost was this much or something like that. or maybe your lazy and tired and don't want to write anything, then I'll even accept b) a link. 

But writing "The price of hotels ranges alot bad blah blah and depends on many stuff so there is no correct answer", calling it a day and going on with your sadistic life is not cool man.