I just have to get this off my chest... TL DR at the bottom I'm very bad at writing stuff like this, so this might feel all over the place but read till the end.

I was born prematurely and was always sensitive about emotions back in the day. In this society being overly sensitive is a curse. I was quite an intelligent child in 1-5th grade and I never had to learn actually spend time learning. Because of this, I became a lazy kid and also due to my gaming addiction. This became my downfall. I started getting worse grades after 5th grade and I took these, way too seriously emotionally. I felt dumb but couldn't help it because I didn't want to spend time studying, but I suppressed these emotions so much that I was always happy on the surface but deep down I was a trainwreck. Whenever I performed badly in sports I always thought everything was my fault and I took it to my heart. But due to my emotion suppressing nobody knew (up to this day). I didn't like math because I've never had experienced success because I didn't want to study.

I've become an introvert because of this. As I was an only child my mother really loved (loves) me and she always bought clothes for me even when I was 14+, and my friends and classmates used to "bully" me for it. I never told anybody so this went on and on. The thing is now I've almost completely lost my ability to feel love. I don't even know what love is anymore. I don't even feel love for my parents or relatives anymore or at least I don't know if I feel it. After graduating from the gymnasium, I had enough points to get into a university where I learn to be a software engineer so at least I achieved something. Anyway, I've never had a girlfriend and I now don't want one because I don't think I need anyone to love me, and knowing this consciously is fucking depressing.

My friends and even my parents also asked if I was gay, and I didn't tell them "no I'm just fucking empty inside and I don't truly love anyone" and the worst thing is that I'm not actually depressed. I'm truly empty, I don't even know what I'm feeling as of writing this. So moral of the story if you are a gaming addict and a huge introvert then please shit on everyone's bad opinions whos doesn't matter. Set some personal goals for yourself and start working towards them.

TL;DR I suppressed my sad emotions so much when I was a kid that now I don't know what love is anymore despite being loved by others.