A guide to group projects! (At least from my own personal experience) 
So we all know the the pain of being paired up with (mostly) complete strangers and having to communicate with them to improve your “teamwork” abilities or something like that which is most commonly known as a “group project”. So In this post I’m gonna tell you some advice to make group projects just a little less painful than they already are.


1. Before deciding on actually working on anything decide your roles with your group and discuss them in depth 

This one is really obvious, of course you don’t want it to be close to the due date then you get on a discord call with a person in your group and ask them if they finished what they were supposed to do or not and then they go “wait I was supposed to do that?!? I thought you were!”


2. Have meetings at a specific time that matches everyone's schedule to check on each other’s progress 

This one is also obvious, nobody would really want to be pretty much done with their part then discover that their teammate is barely done anything and to also check each others' work.


3. Avoid having a “group leader”

I don’t even know why being “group leader” is a thing, it basically puts one of the group members in a position of power above other group members which might make the “group leader” think that their opinion matters most. Most of the “group leaders” I have been in a group with either do nothing, or think that their opinion matters most when it comes to discussing matters, or they just don’t care about some people in the group. So whenever someone asks “who’s gonna be group leader?” just suggest that nobody should and it’s a waste of time getting one anyway.


4. Try to avoid arguments at all costs 

It’s just tiring, unnecessary and a waste of time for both sides (unless it’s something actually worth arguing about)


5. Try to make everyone feel included in the group project

Most of the group project disasters I have had in the past were pretty much group members not making me feel included, it basically indicates to the person who you didn’t include in much group activity that they’re pretty useless, even if the tasks are really small, try splitting them equally between you and your group members 


And that’s pretty much all I know about how to make group projects as painless as possible, hope at least one person found this kinda helpful ^^

(Sorry for bad English)