I need advice from male teens: this is not meant to be as creepy as it sounds, hear me out. So my(29F) son (14) tried changing some account info around on the main xbox account (he's sort of taken over his dads). In doing so, he supposedly FUBAR'd the thing, locked everyone out, and naturally, his dad's (my husband) head exploded. Total life ending moment for us all, blah blah blah. 

So! I fixed it (which was surprisingly easy considering the initial reaction) and all is well. Funny story: I couldn't get a straight answer on if there was a virus in the system, or if he messed it up by accident... so I did what I thought was the first logical step: got his sign in info, said I'd handle it, then looked at... his browsing history (*I'm usually not this naive, but it's my kid who mostly plays roblox and minecraft I mean.... come on*) I'm thinking "great, this kid is clicking on stupid ads for games"

IT WAS NOT ADS FOR GAMES. 🥺

So there's just search after search after search of.... just... oh my god there's so much pr0n. So. Much. And this poor kid (according to the time stamps.... yeah, I guess I'm that mom now) is watching this stuff, but constantly going back and forth between that and roblox. I'm assuming he's either switching when he thinks he hears parents pulling into the driveway, or when we knock to come in? 

Okay, not the point. The point! How... do I handle this? -DO- I handle this? Do I bring it up? Do I say anything, or do we both exist awkwardly in the same house till he moves out  one day? Honestly, all I want to do is secretly block all the sites O N L Y  because it'd freak him out that he suddenly can't watch them anymore, and then he'd know that I know, but that's just me being a d!ck.

Another fact that might make a difference: I've been his mom since we entered eachothers lives almost 8 years ago. He's never known his birth mother, so I'm his mom, but technically his stepmom, so I'm not as "oh my God, my poor baby is soiling his delicate,innocent brain with Demonic pleasures!" As I'm sure I probably should be (or not? Idk), but I'm around mostly guys at work, I've always been more of a "Tomboy" and I 100% joke about this shit, with no problem. It just doesn't bother me. 

I keep going off topic: do I talk to him about it or let it go? I guess what I'm really asking is, if your mom was your definition of "cool" (or whatever the up to date slang term is for that now, I can't keep up), how would she act?

TL;DR: How would you want your (hypothetical or in reality) cool mom to handle finding out that you watch pr0n?

Also, please help. I'm new to this stage of life, N E V E R thought I'd be here, am unprepared and really need advice. I'm not trying to be creepy and I genuinely want to do this right and not freak the boy out. 

Okthanksbye