I’m in the middle of a Twitter debate, and I just wanted to see if people think I’m correct. Is Person A or Person B correct?

A: Sometimes violent action is necessary, and sometimes it isn’t. Fighting for racial equality may justify a call for violence. Fighting against unsubstantiated election fraud claims doesn’t justify a call for violence. May I ask, do you think the American Revolution was justified?

B: Bullshit. You don't get to be a violent terrorist and then excuse it with 'it's a good cause'. Please tell me how the fuck does burning down buildings with people inside and looting stores bring racial equality? You're just excusing terrorism because it's your side doing it.

A: I’m definitely not saying it’s a good thing. I’m just saying that drastic times call for drastic measures. There were violent riots during the Civil Rights Movement. People burned buildings and looted stores. 

B: Or in other words, terrorism is okay when it's your side doing it. We don't live in drastic times and you are not the civil rights movement. And again, how does burning down houses with people inside and murdering in the streets fixes racial discrimination?

A: Systemic racism didn’t end when the Civil Rights Act was signed in 1964. Neighborhoods are still racially segregated, wealth inequality between white and black people is still there, and black people are still being disproportionately victimized by the criminal justice system. Of course, calls for violence can go too far, and I’m definitely not going to attempt justifying those 2 things.

B: They also burned a police station. A bunch of people got killed. In chaz antifa shot two black kids and yet no one on the left talks about it. Nothing can excuse what antifa and blm did last year. They are literal terrorists.

A: I’m not going to justify that. However, I don’t think CHAZ and BLM should be considered the same thing. They’re different groups.

B: They support each other, they work together and they go out to riot together. Sure they are different groups but they are more than happy to join up for a riot. And during these protests if blm was there, so was antifa.

A: I was just saying that the actions of CHAZ shouldn’t be attributed to BLM. The actions of CHAZ should be attributed to CHAZ. Besides, it’s not like they’re centralized groups. They’re decentralized. It’s not like all members of BLM and CHAZ agreed on murdering 2 innocent people.

B: But they're certainly not bending over backwards to try and stop the violence. The left fanned the flames of riots all year long, even as people died and millions in property damage was caused. They ran defense for looters and rioters, even releasing them without charges.

A: This goes back to my original point. Sometimes violent action is necessary, and sometimes it isn’t. Violence in the name of racial equality and violence in the name of unsubstantiated voter fraud claims are different. They’re both violence, but one of them has a legitimate purpose. It’s like the difference between killing someone in self defense and killing someone for no reason. It’s the same action, but it’s the intent that determines whether it’s justified (not good, but justified).

B: It doesn't fucking matter. You don't get to burn down buildings, loot and kill people because you think it's for a 'just cause'. You're literally defending terrorists and making excuses for their terrorism just because they're on your side. It's honestly despicable.

A: I’m not defending burning down people’s houses, looting small businesses, or murdering people. I’m literally just saying that some acts of violence can be necessary and some aren’t. Burning down people’s houses, looting small businesses, and murdering people are unnecessary. I’m not trying to defend every single action from every single BLM protestor. I just don’t think we should delegitimize a protest automatically because it’s violent. Besides, 95% of BLM protests have been peaceful. The entirety of BLM shouldn’t be generalized as criminals.