Most Of the Boomers' views on technology and smartphones are correct. (and kids nowadays in general) (okay i know i'm usually the guy you see shitposting but i need to say this)

**--DISCLAIMER: THIS ISN'T DIRECTLY TARGETED TO OFFEND ANYONE, ITS JUST ON OPINION (AND SOME FACTS--**

me and my brother were talking about how much we hate the generation we live in, and at that moment we realized that the boomers' views on us are actually pretty close to spot-on. especially when it comes to cell phones.

if you ask me, the invention of the smart phone was a huge mistake, yea i have a smart phone, but i'm not glued to it and looking at that stupid screen all day. and before corona lol, whenever i went in public groups of friends wouldn't even be talking to each other, but instead staring down at that damn phone, "checking there snap" or something. The sight fills me with rage and disgust, i would see people (our age) walking down the mall on there phones, shooting a stupid tik tok in the grocery store like a fucking public nuisance, memes about how much they "hate there life" whenever there phone gets taken away, it sickens me. To be fair, we are locked inside and our technology pieces are a lot more understanding to use for entertainment purposes, but i'm talking about in a normal society.

second of all things, the music this generation listens to belongs in the garbage. i myself have a very sophisticated taste in music and listen to music from the 50's through early 90's. because back then music was real music, not a bunch of auto-tune and "ya ya ya ya" , back then, to be an artist/musician, you needed to have actual talent, and with that actual talent your music was real, with real instruments instead of just moving a turn table or pressing buttons on a launch pad. if you didn't have actual talent the industry would say "fuck you" and tell you to go back home. **BUT NOW   "***oooooooh, everyone's a winner! anyone can be a musician! how wonderful!!"* no, how terrible. music is more than just sounds you like, theres meaning and talent behind real music, and now with today's standards of being a musician, the meaning and talent is fading away at a critical rate and rock legends are being forgotten.

another thing is this generations awful sense of style. you may think 80's mullets are weird, i myself think there pretty rad, or at least better than today's "faded on the sides and curly blonde dyed hair" (or just dyed hair in general). and the way this generations dresses too, with there hoodie, basketball shorts and ugly chuck-e-cheese colored tennis shoes, the shorts are already bad enough if you ask me.

finally, the way this generation talks and acts. all of there insults literally end with the word "ass", "head ass, bitch ass, fuck ass" none of them even make actual sense, its terrible

well, i hope you enjoyed reading my rant of society, you have a good one!