Tales of a math teacher [other] So. This year, I’m taking geometry. Let’s call my teachers name Mr. C. Mr. C is actually I’m not sure how old. Anyway maybe early 30s I have no idea. So in just this first quarter we have gone over: Pokémon go, James (Pokémon) cross dressing in a banned episode of indigo league, his spear which he has in the classroom, a giant spring-also in classroom, a bunch of pool noodles and a ball and a plastic egg to demonstrate problems, his weekend adventures ranging from hanging out with his girlfriend to going to Trader Joe’s to mini golfing, his best friend Brad who is his roommate also, and their apartment is apparently not the best but they do own a $125 chess set, and loads of other things. Every day, he would toss a marker to anyone who should come up and answer a bell work. And then he sometimes has people draw something random. Like a turtle surfing. That was once our bell work. Also, on the first day we did a formula that factored in berries and spin and everything to see the chance of catching a Pokémon in Pokémon go. He pulls out his phone, we make the calculation, and then we see him tapping the screen while talking to us. Mr. C: “oh sorry team rocket was just above me so I’m fighting them real quick” 
Oh and once he drew this shape for a problem and then after made it into a creepy face and was like “at least three of you better have nightmares about this” and then after class was like motioning to it then me 

These sound weird now that I type them out but he’s really just jokes all the time and makes it interesting. 

Oh and after he uses the marker he is facing us instead of the board and he always tries to drop kick the marker back into the shelf like drops the marker backwards and kicks behind him. He hasn’t made it. But once he smashed it on accident against the wall and broke part of the cap. And another time he accidentally lost a cap so he just used the marker a ton to use it then I think he found the cap. 

Another time, he talked about how him and Brad went to play basketball at a park and there were some other people so they played with them and one of them was a like 11 year old boy who kept saying that one phrase I can’t remember anyone who reads this who has Mr. C please tell me ok but yeah and the kid was trash talking but obviously they demolished him. 

There are plenty of other stories but my arms are quite strained at this point from typing so maybe I’ll edit to add more later.