Had a wonderful night with a girl :) I was hanging out with some friends last night. We went to a park and the whole city was alive. After meeting many new people and moving to different places, I got a message from a girl I met a couple months ago. She told me she’s also outside with some of her friends. 

So both groups came together and at that time (1 AM) we were already a bit drunk. The girl and I were really happy to see each other again. We walked a while and shared a beer. We talked about so much funny and interesting stuff and we reached a point where we stopped drinking alcohol cause we had enough. 

We walked arm in arm, looking for a store to buy some water. After we found what we wanted I decided to bring her home. It was about 3AM when we reached her house. After I hugged her and said goodbye, I started to walk away. Just a couple of seconds after that, she said „Hey if you want to, we can hang out on that soccer field near my house. I‘ll bring some snacks and a bluetooth speaker“. 

Of course I agreed and so we laid on that field side by side, listening to „it’s late“ by „a beacon school“ ; „atmosphere“ by „joy division“ and „pictures of you“ by „the cure“. 
The vibes were wonderful and sometimes we looked into each other’s eyes. After a while she came near to me and we started cuddling. 
Man I was so nervous but at the same time so happy. 

Her head laid on my chest and I stroked her back. Everything felt perfect.. I never had that type of body contact with a girl (that I like). She was so calm and I was in heaven. 
Unfortunately the temperature cooled down and I really started to freeze. It was about 4AM at that time and I was kinda mad at myself cause I didn’t want to ruin the situation but it was so damn cold! 

She noticed that I was shivering and said that she’s freezing too and that she’s tired. We talked about how f*cked up the weather is and how beautiful the moments were we had that evening. We walked to her house for the second time that night and after I gave her a big hug, I said goodbye. For a moment I thought it would be awesome to kiss her but I have to admit I was to shy to do it. She said it was a wonderful night and she‘d like to repeat it. 

Well I know some of y’all might think „wait that’s it?“ and I‘m sorry if I gave some people false hopes but for me it was a very very special evening/night that I wanted to share. I have a good feeling about this and I‘m looking forward to see her again. Wish me luck and thanks for reading this story. 
Maybe I‘ll kiss girl soon boys!! 

Note: I‘m 16 and it’s legal to drink beer at that age in Germany. Just so y’all know.