A Review Of The Celebrations Box Of Chocolates One of the neighbours gave us a box of Celebrations as a Christmas present. My parents aren't big on chocolate so I got to eat them. For a bit of fun, I decided to write what I thought about all of them. In order of worst to best, here's my list and what I thought of each chocolate:

Mars - My dad really likes to get these off-brand Mars bars, so that's definitely made my taste-buds go a little blind to it's flavour, but even if he never discovered those, I don't think I'd enjoy this much more.

The taste is... bland. Really bland. The nougat and caramel relationship is one of a power imbalance. The nougat takes everything that the caramel holds dear and makes it about itself. As for the texture, it does the same. A really soft and sickly thing that just sticks to your teeth and becomes a bit of a nightmare. Real shame that it's easily the most common one in the box. In fact, that probably weakens it's case, because you might try to find some different flavours, like a Galaxy or a Maltesers, but you'll just find Mars, which pisses you off even more about them.

Milky Way - Not much different from the Mars bar, except creamier, which makes the texture much easier to take because of how less sweet it is. The lack of caramel is responsible for this, I'm guessing. Also very common.

Bounty - this is the most divisive one in the entire box. Some people get grossed out by the coconut, some people love it. I enjoy it, mainly because it's such a nice breath of fresh air. Enjoy in moderation, since it can get boring after 3-in-a-row. Nice texture, ok taste. Would rank higher if it wasn't for how much hate it gets.

Twix - I'm rewriting this because I completely forgot that this was even in the box. I enjoy a biscuit-chocolate combo, as somebody with an addiction to Tesco-brand chocolate digestives, but you won't even remember having this in your pocket. It doesn't help that there's only a handful in the box.

Galaxy (Normal) - Very forgettable. Just a block of chocolate. But for what it is, it's executed really well. Melts in your mouth. Boring concept, great execution. Rounds it to an average selection.

The final 3 are the 3 in the box that I love, head and shoulders, above the rest. The ones that you search for, the ones that make your heart drop when you can't find any, the ones that taste... divine.

Galaxy (Caramel) - I did a poll of this on my Instagram, and this flavour got a lot of hate. I was really surprised, because I love this one. I'm a simp for caramel, so it does make sense, but when you combine that with galaxy chocolate (which I stated above is done excellently), it makes a Dragonball fusion of great stuff. 

Snickers - I. Love. Snickers. The toughness of the texture, the nuts, how many there are in the box. It's amazing. Great stuff. I love eating nuts in many ways ( ;);) ), but Snickers is one of my favourite.

And now, for what is EASILY the best chocolate in the entire box.

Maltesers - Give the absolute MADLAD who decided to put these in the box a promotion. Hell, make him the goddamn chairman of chocolate, because he deserves it.

Won without breaking a SWEAT on the poll, it's absolutely brilliant. The malt and chocolate marriage is so brilliant that they have 3 loving kids, they live in a good neighbourhood, where the malt goes off to do yoga in the mornings and the chocolate has the most cushy job in existance. That crunch is so damn *satisfying* that it will change you life just by experiencing this #MASTERPIECE.

As for the rarity, every time you see this in a box, it's like a Bigfoot sighting. Because along with the fact that there's only 4 or 5 in the entire box, everybody else who had a pick before you will most likely take them first, but that just makes the occasional discovery of these things all the sweeter. It's like winning a lottery of chocolate, the modern day golden ticket, except I'd take a box of these things over that tax-evading slave-owning douchebag's factory any day of the week.

To sign off, Maltesers rule, Mars' drool, and see ya.