How to solve procrastination and be productive. (It’s long, so bear with me if you really want to know how to solve it)



To solve procrastination, one must first understand why they procrastinate:

A psychological theory called the self-worth theory of motivation describes that procrastination is rooted from our self worth.
Many of us define our self-worth by our productivity, how much we’ve accomplished and what we’re capable of.

Let us take a classic example of studying for a test,

• We are terrified of performing poorly on that paper because we feel our value depends on it.
• So when we procrastinate and put in less effort, we’re doing so as a form of self - protection.
• That way if we earn a bad result, it doesn’t mean we’re not talented, smart or worthy, we just didn’t spend enough time on it.
• In the exam halls, right before a test, when you ask your friend how much they’ve studied, a usual response is “I barely studied” or “only like 2 hours”. Why? because if they don’t achieve, then they have built this excuse not only for themselves but for other too.
• Isn’t strangely flattering when we hear a parent, teacher or a student say “you’ve got a lot of potential, just you have to put more time into it.”?




We don’t procrastinate because we don’t care or we’re to lazy, we certainly do want it, but if we do try and put in that extra effort and fail we would be so ashamed and instantly self destruct.

• We find ourselves pulled between two equally strong and compelling forces: the drive to achieve and THE FEAR OF FAILURE. So we completely feel stuck.

• And we only find ourselves doing the work when it’s 2 hours before the deadline and the fear of not getting the paper done out weighs the fear of not doing it perfectly (fear of failure).




Now, a FEW MAJOR WAYS TO STOP PROCRASTINATION are:

1. BREAK DOWN THE STEPS: Doing so will increase our expectancy to complete the task since smaller projects seem much easier to accomplish than large projects.


2. KEEP THE TASKS SMALL: One of the hacks to procrastination is the pomodoro technique.
If I sat down to study and told myself I need to study for 5 hours, I would be prone to getting distracted quickly. Instead, If I tell myself I only need to study 25 minutes, the task becomes far less daunting.


3. SET THE BAR LOW: Set the goal to something less than what you are actually capable of. This trick increases your expectancy to complete the task.


4. UNDERSTAND YOUR PERSONALITY TYPE: The issue with advice in general is that one suggestion can work wonders for one person, but not for another. So, find out about your personality type and find out a way that works the best for you. Myers–Briggs Type Test


5. GIVE YOURSELF A REWARD FOR COMPLETING THE WORK: If you feel your work is boring then you can create a reward yourself with something you like to encourage you to complete the task.


6. USE PARKINSON’S LAW TO YOUR ADVANTAGE: It states that work expands to fill the time allotted to it. (In other words, if you have only 30 minutes of work to do, but allot 2 hours to do it, you’ll end up spending the entire 2 hours to do it.)
So create artificial deadlines that force you to get the work done more efficiently.


I hope you are now on the path to solve your procrastination and be more productive than ever before. ✨





P.S. : I personally apply the “NOW OR NEVER” method to stop my procrastination. Basically if you need to complete a task you do it ASAP, if you leave it for later then you’ll be more prone to postpone it again and it eventually becomes a cycle and impacts you a lot unless you have really strong willpower and determination.