For once in My life i actually feel like i have "a life" Ok so it happened today, or actually 2 days ago that i got this feeling

So here i was in My daily rutine, playing games, scrolling trough reddit, being semi depressed and just feeling like My life aint going anywhere, No friends relly, not being able to talk anyone etc.

So just random i thought to myself "i gotta do more workout" like i have been training before but i always thought to myself "why do it, i dont relly got Any friends or People that im talking with so why" so i kinda just did it on/off. But here the other Day, some random girl on snap that ive been having streaks with came up to 100 days. So we were like (like All others) ayy 100🔥,and then i thought to myself "yeah, end of that discussion." 


Plot twist: it wasnt


So she texted me "wyd" and I then wrote back that i was in class and she was like "cool what class" so i wrote that i was on education, or whatever you wanna call it (like, im in college or high school, im 16 btw idk how to explain it but you know, different school systems) and she was like cool and All that, an then we began talking etc etc..
Og and Quick note it was actually one of the first times like that ive actually talked with Girls, like relly talked with them.

So after some time talking with her i begna to think more and more to myself that i relly needed to do some workout and then i began, and take My shit together and clean My room and All that. So i did it and im very happy about it, cuz now it actually looks somewhat like a room, and not like someone just dropped a nuclear bomb of cloth, bags, etc..



But to not make this post too long ill just summun everything up here, so like, i feel more happy than before less depressed and more like i wanna go out talk with friends (but yeah as I said i dont relly have that many and those few i live in other cities) and I also began to not think that gaming is that fun anymore, but still love it tho. I also have been trying to get jobs so im very happy abt that and Hope to get one soon.
But I think much of this is a combination of me beginning on that electrician education cuz here ive been talking more the first month that 2 years in "normal" school, and I also begin to actually like school, and also that i began talking with her. She just lives long away from me in a whole other city, so yes, i might be simping, but im a happy Simp.



Yea i know this is much to read but thanks if you actually read All of it and have a great day:)