I (14m) wanna reconnect with my old friend (14f) so when we were 11 i know her (not by school, its actually by temple). we were really good friends that time but once i turned 12, i got a crush on her and i started doin everything i could so that she accepts me (haven't tell her i liked her yet) i even opened a facebook account and instagram account so i could like talk with her...after like 1 or 2 months (i think so its actually 1 month) i had the courage to like tell her (i told her by instagram) i like her and she kinda told wait..so i also waited for like 2 months and that time i started getting like protective towards her (whenever she talks to a boy i get jealous, i just want her to talk to me only)...so after 1 month again i asked her can we date? and she told "wait" and then we talked as normal and again i asked her and she told "wait" again, at this point i really got "fuck it" moment and i started to pressure her (i really regret doing this, learned a lesson)....whenever we chat i would constantly ask can we date....and after like 5 weeks something she finally rejected me...i was of course sad about it...i even asked her one last time..and she told yes....then after that i just moved on...we started talking like normal friends again....one day, she posted somehing on a story (i dont remember what she posted but it was something like a question) so my favourite number is actually 19 so i just randomly typed 19 (i was sleepy at this time so i didn't like read it properly) and then she blocked me after that....i was like bruh why????? but at the same time i felt like lets just forget her and move on..

this is where everything got fucked up...

NOTE: this happened when im 13

so i am actually a teen entrepreneur (not trying to brag) so i was like busy about my business and my life... at this point,.i heard that she moved into a new house (my house was near to her house) so i thought maybe we should go over to her house and tell soryy but at the same time i was busy about my things...so i just leaved her...i didnt wanted to disturb her...

(this thing happened today, right now im 14)

my mom gave some like idk its a thing (i really dk what it was i asked her but she didnt like tell)...she told me to give the thing to her mom..so i walked over to her home and knocked the door, i thought her mother will come so i was confident, but she is the one who came and that point i was really stuck i didnt know what to speak with her...and she fuckin ( the most hurtful thing i have ever heard in my life) asked "who are you"....my mind was like bruh im your friend...

so reddit how can i reconnect with her? its been like 1 fuckin year since i talked with her ( i wanna reconnect because i just really wanna know what mistake did i did...) instagram is really not an option because she blocked me....so reddit please..