Hopeless about the future Sometimes I really hate being Gen Z. There is so much we’ve inherited that the adults in the world seem to have dumped on us to fix. Take climate change. There is so much we have to *do* and *give up* just to not destroy our goddamn planet. Boomers don’t even worry because they’ll be dead by then, but at least you have the legal power to **fucking change anything**! I can’t fucking vote on anything!

And all the things I’ll have to change. They say you have to go vegan because it’s the best diet to be eco friendly. But, 85% of the foods I like contain animal products, and everything vegan is usually so expensive. Food is one of the things that makes me happy, and giving up good food just makes me imagine a future where I’m sitting at a table with a salad topped with pine nuts, day after day after day.   
I‘m so scared for the future. All it seems to be is apocalypse and death. I can’t imagine a world where I will never see my parents and my dogs again. I can just imagine crying over their graves, begging for them to come back. Every day there seems to be a new group being genocided and tortured in a far off country, and I can’t do anything but spread awareness, but most of the people who follow me on social media are people without much income (minors). Every day, since I’m American, my president is ruining our relationships with other countries and turning over environmental policies and making us a laughingstock. Excuse me, Mr. President, I want people to want to help me when everything inevitably goes to shit instead of shun me for my country’s decisions against them. 

I’m sick of it. I’m sick of people dying. I’m sick of people not wearing a mask. I’m sick of wars going on for such stupid things. I’m sick of racial and religion and gender genocide. I’m sick of being scared because I have a uterus. I don’t want to be raped. I’m sick of being scared that my marriage rights could be taken away, just because I like other girls. Even though my family is solidly middle class and doing well because my dad is essential (he’s a radio host),, the decision of some celebrity to do something sexual on TV or say something dumb about a company could plunge us down where we were when I was little, when both my parents were unemployed and there was a recession. I don’t want to be killed by some crazy person in my school with an AR-16.   


if you’re an adult reading this, please make the right decisions. Please use your voice for those who can’t