Can anyone help me figure this out? Sooooo there's a girl that I like. I was pretty Simpy tbh but like we hung out (in a small group) all the time and texted all the time (when quarantine started, she would also start a lot of out convos) . A few of her friends knew I liked her so I would kinda surprised if they never told her. She would also hug me all the time and I was pretty sure she liked me back. So one day in late may this year my school was hosting this virtual trip basically (idk what to call it but it doesn't really matter). My grade was on this big zoom together playing games and kinda having fun. There was a bit of a lul and I snagged my phone and dm'd her on snap asking her out after quarantine and telling her how I felt. 

I basically said (but better worded) "after quarintine do u want to go to the mall together when this is all over. I've liked you for a while and I wanted to tell you in person but I don't really have an opportunity. I really like spending time with you.". She was really nice and I saw her face on zoom (it was pretty surprised and a lil awk so ig she really didn't like me back) she said it was sweet and she liked me too. Then she added she does not want a relationship and we should stay friends.  So naturally I accepted it and moved on (don't worry I'm not an incel). 

But my friend had a party a week or two ago and it was really cold outside and we were all sitting by the fire. Something was upsetting her so she kept going inside to talk with her friends. When she finally came out she b-lined right towards me, sat down and cuddled with me. Then we were basically lying down on this blanket together and she put my hand really close to her butt. Then she sat there with me for a while before getting up to go to the bathroom.  She also stopped texting me as much after I told her but she's texting me a little bit more now (still not nearly as often as before tho). 

I'm really confused if this means anything because it came out of no where and I didn't want to ask her if she likes me now in case it was just random and makes things awkward. Do any girls or guys more experienced with relationships know whats going on?