Sliding into a hot girls DMs So there is this hot girl that goes to another school in my city, i've had a crush on this girl for some months already. Now, some things to keep in mind, she totally knows who i am (we never chatted with eachother but she is aware of my existence), she is this really social, hot, athletic (used to play soccer), and spoiled cus her parents got money, girl. Me? I'm just a regular dude, i got my toxic circle of friends from my class and then i got the guys i consider real friends, i'm not that popular. I'm not cute, i'm skinny but athletic skinny, i'm funny tho, inteligent, and i'm not as childish as some people i hang with, i'm aware that dressing well, smelling good, etc... makes me look way more mature and girls like that, ain't no mistake that girls go for older guys more often (the girl i got a crush on is 1 year younger than me, so that adds me some value).

Having said this, normally i wouldn't even bother aproaching a girl like this even if it's through a fucking screen, i'm really shy and insecure even though i can talk to girls if they aproach me. But this girl... she has a lot in common and shares a lot of interests with me. I love football she loves football we both used to play football (or soccer wtv the fuck you wanna call it, i'm from Europe so we say football). I like rap she likes rap we both love the same artists (I know she likes J. Cole and Mac. Miller cuz i stalked her twitter). Both our brothers play in the same team, our parents know eachother and we even used to rent a house of their's in the summer when we went on vacation.

It just seems like all the stars are aligned, she keeps appearing on my timeline, it's like instagram knows and keeps putting her stories first before all other people. And i just can't stop thinking about her. I just want to know if i've lost my mind cuz i've never been this obsessed in my life or should i give it a try. There's a Cole music that i think fits the situation perfectly and it's called J. Cole- Dreams.