I need advice for what I should do if I like my best friends girlfriend Me(15M) and my best friend (15F) met each other at the beginning of high school, and we have been best friends with each other for 3 years now. Only problem is that on this 3rd year we have gotten so close and we have told each other many things, things that I shouldn’t say for privacy and we have helped each other through certain dark times, we have developed great chemistry and we like the same things, share common interests and we have often told each other that we love each other because of how deep our relationship is. The thing is that my best friend(15M) developed a crush on her the same time I did this year, and he ended up starting to date this girl. 

I was going through a bad time last term of school and had a deep depression from a lot of things and as a result of her helping me and being the only one that cared about me the way I needed it, I developed that crush and I did tell her that I used to have one on her and I don’t have a crush on her anymore (which is a lie.)

The massive problem is that I still care about her in a romantic way and I don’t know what to do. We often touch each other physically (not sexually) just hugging, hold hands for a bit, touch each other playfully or I may put my arm around her, and she tells me she feels the most comfortable and the most like herself around me, we say to each other “I love you”, we call each other pet names and sometimes go out with each other for walks or just talk to each other almost everyday. 

A lot of things changed when I took a 3 week break from our relationship because I just felt so stressed of certain things and when I told her I was ready to come back she always told me that she missed me and however long I would take to be ready she would always be waiting for me to be back with her again. We relate to each other so well but it’s just I don’t know what to do when my best friend is dating her and they always hang around with each other and he obviously loves her and she obviously loves him a lot.

I’ve come to a couple of conclusions but I just feel so much stress on what to do and what’s the best thing to do.

I either tell her what i feel and give her time to think about it, keep it in and try to let the feelings pass even though it’s so hard to do that when I think of her everyday or completely end our relationship. PLEASE TELL ME WHAT TO DO IM SO STRESSED AND IF YOU HAVE ANY OTHER OPTIONS PLEASE TELL ME, I NEED ADVICE ASAP