I feel like everything is collapsing for me socially I started at this school in grade 7, and now I started grade 10 this year. For all these years, I've had a solid group of friends, and every recess and lunch we went together to kick a ball around/at each other. One guy, who I was closest with became pretty popular, but stuck with the group. It used to be that no matter what, we'd always kind of stick together as a group and would find each other in assemblies etc.

Im pretty quiet, not very outgoing or confident, and quite a few times Ive thought that without this group I dont know what I would have done socially.

But this year, stuffs been changing. Where the 5 of us used to go by ourselves and do whatever at lunch and breaks, weve started going to the front oval, with the rest of the people in the grade.

The 'leader' of our group, who I am/was closest with had always been pretty popular and had a lot of outside friends, but had still stuck with the group. Now, most of the time when were on the oval, hes around other people. One other person has started to become good friends with these two other guys. I dont mind them and they dont mind me, but theyre not as close to me as they are to him now. Another guy kind of just drifts, quietly but self-assured. But hes leaving the school next year and im gonna miss him. Finally, theres someone whos kind of toxic. He makes fun of everything/everyone including the people in our group. I feel like he always targetted me more though, and I havent really been able to fight back. I feel like i should try to leave him behind moving forward to be honest, but sometimes hes funny and a good friend.

But anyway, I dont know what to do. On the front oval, I kind of drift. Im like acquaintances with a lot of people, but not great friends. And i feel like iim always joining in on conversations not starting them. And so often I just end up standing around waiting for the bell to go.

I really miss the security of the group. I miss knowing that at lunch and recess it would just be us there, and I wouldnt have to worry about 'justifying my presence' by talking, cos we were just there. (ironically, this was where i would talk the most). I miss how we used to seek each other out if the whole year level was in an area, and walk together without any new people.

I have some classes with people from the group, but theres always at least one 'extra' person, and I feel kind of forgotten, and, again, like im forcing myself into conversations.

Last year, my homeroom class (which i had most of my academic classes with) was just our group, and we sat together. Messed around, talked shit etc. like wed done for years. Now its different. Even in class, I feel like Im fighting for attention, or fighting to maintain the friendship. Especially with the person Im closest with in the group, I feel like if i dont, the friendship will just die. And that might not effect him too much but itll definitely affect me. If we actually catch up on the weekend or something well get on really well and have a great time no matter what, but i feel like that hasnt happened in a while.

Also, apparently him, the guy from the group with a couple new friends, and some other people from school are planning something from the weekend. I dont care if they dont want me to come: its prob not my favourite group of people anyway, but it annoys me that they tried to stop me from finding out. Ive never forced myself into something like this, in fact I make every effort to do the opposite, so that was one aspect of this particularly shit day.

Finally, in my other classes where i dont have any close friends, i feel kinda shit. I dont talk much, and people dont talk much to me because of that. Im not like the loner kid that sits in the corner, but i feel awkward starting conversations with people im not really close with. Sometimes Ill try to talk, but not have any idea what to say to start a conversation. During all this, its really tempting to sink into myself, put in headphones and embrace being quiet: but im trying to be 'more social' and not do this.

I dont want to self diagnose like the stereotypical dramatic teen, but Im pretty sure I have a kind of social anxiety.

But anyway, I dont really know what to do. I miss the security of my old group. I wake up each morning before school and thoughts of dread and sadness immediately rush in. Im not having a horrible time at school, and Its not like I used to love it, but it was so much better than it is now.

Sorry that this is really long. And I really appreciate any responses. Thanks in advance :)