17M from Manchester UK looking for a friendship or more preferably relationship [M4F] So hey I'm Jack, I'm 17 and from the UK. I'm currently a student which I guess is alright. It's pretty fun and I guess the lifestyle is very cool. I guess I'm not the most social person but yeah I like to be out doing stuff like I love going to the cinema or going to festivals or concerts or stuff. It's just so fun honestly and I just like the experience of stuff really.

I really love traveling, I find it so awesome. I've been to places like Dubai and New York which were honestly so awesome. Like just exploring places and different cultures are so cool. 

My favourite food is salt and pepper chicken. I find it so so good and delicious and I think I could just eat it for days. I've not had it for a while now so yeah, sad 😢 but yeah I'm surviving and finding it alright.

My biggest hobby is definitely playing the guitar. I started playing like 7-8 years ago and I just find it so fun honestly. I enjoy playing stuff on there like Kasabian, Oasis and Franz Ferdinand and it's really fun.

I guess I'm looking for a good quality friendship or relationship of someone who wants to get to know me and see where we end up. I guess I want someone who I feel I want to dedicate myself to with my time and do stuff with like buy gifts for or maybe if we live close we could meet up and go out and do stuff, I'm not sure exactly what but I'm sure we'd figure. 

I guess more relationship wise I want someone I can look after and go out to work for and come home to. Bring nice things home for you like flowers or little gifts I know you'll like and just be there for you and do stuff for you. I guess it's like the friendship one but with an additional side obviously. I've been called caring and understanding and described as husband material and I really want someone I can look after. Like who I can play the guitar for or learn songs for on it or take out to restaurants and the cinema and just anything. Someone who's face I can put a smile on and make laugh, who just feels completely themselves with me and I could just do everything for and make the happiest woman in the world. That's really what I want but yeah. Anyway thank you for reading and I really hope we're talking soon and find out where we end up together.