Return to Civility Hey, all. As all of us know, the election is right around the corner, and tensions between different people are at an all time high. Hatred between Republicans and Democrats is more prevalent than ever. Everybody thinks that people with their mindsets are the only ones that know what’s right, and those who oppose are the “enemies” or “evil” or any other name. That isn’t right. This election season, I encourage that you, no matter your political leanings, return to civility. Return to a time with respect. Respect other people’s opinions. EVERYBODY is entitled to their own opinions, and nobody is the enemy for having a different idea than you. Everybody wants what they think is best for everybody. Republicans have their morals that they lead by. Democrats want what they think is best, their morals leading their plans. Both sides have their opinions that they believe is what’s best for everybody. So respect that. Although you think that they don’t have it right, respect the fact that they can have their opinions. And I’m not calling out any side in particular, liberals have minimal tolerance for conservatives and conservatives have minimal tolerance for liberals. But at the end of the day, we’re all people. We’re all humans. And as humans, we all have different stories to tell, different experiences, which can form one’s ideologies. So nobody is inherently wrong or evil for their ideas, nobody is the enemy for their ideas. And nobody should have to hide what they believe. But sadly, there’s pure hatred against people who don’t think the same way they do, and that’s wrong. Your political ideologies don’t define you or others, and you shouldn’t like or dislike someone for what they believe. You shouldn’t call someone is a nazi, a racist, anything like that because they’re a republican or a democrat. Any names like that. None of it. Respect other opinions. Respect other people. If someone thinks that the government is overreaching their grounds with corona, respect it. If someone thinks that we need a full shutdown, respect it. I’m calling out both sides, none is innocent of this.

Everybody wants what they think is best for everybody, but nobody knows for sure how to get there. If people did, we would have a perfect society. However, nobody knows, and because of that, the ideas out there fight against each other because everybody thinks they’re right and everybody else is wrong. All of us are fighting the same battles, and the battle is for what’s best, in our minds. Remember that during this election season, and remember it for your life.

This message might not be the best received, but it’s a message that needs to get out there. So please, if you understand what I’m saying, practice it. We need a unity as a country again, and we need to love one another again.