22 among us tips - from basic rules to lesser known tricks. Recently I’ve been seeing a huge amount of players in among us who are simply braindead. Most of those are children under the age of 14 so there’s not much I can do about this, but I want to fight back by sharing some of the things I’ve learned while playing.

1. Do not do visual tasks unless someone is watching you. It’s a free get out of jail card and if you have people watch you then you don’t have to worry about people voting for you. 

2. If visual tasks are off, two people with the medscan task can still clear eachother. While someone is scanning, no one else can scan. If one person scans, then someone else with the task tries to scan it will say the other person is scanning, which shows they are innocent.

3. Do not vote on 7 people when there are 2 imposters unless you are 100% sure. If you get it wrong then the imposters can double kill and instantly win. 

4. Do not vote on 4 people when there is 1 imposter. If you get it wrong the imposter can sabotage and kill someone, instantly winning.

5. Pay attention to the tasks people stand at. If someone stands next to the electrical diversion task and you ask them what task they did and they say wires, you know they’re lying. This also works for when people stand next to stuff for too long or not for long enough, electrical diversion tasks and part 1 of garbage disposal should take 1-2 secs MAX. Same thing goes with people doing downloads too quickly. Also if someone stands at part 1 of the garbage task, and they later say they don’t have the garbage task in storage, that means they faked the part 1 and they’re the imposter

6. Try to remember the directions people go or what colours are together. If you see green and black in admin, then 40 seconds later someone reports black dead in admin, it’s very likely that it’s green. 

7. Comms. You should never sabotage comms as imposter and you should rarely ever sabotage reactor. Oxygen and lights are much more effective sabotages.

8. Cameras. In some hallways you can see when the cameras are active, if someone is chasing you, lead them to a hallway with a camera, if they kill you the person on the camera will see who killed you.

9. Don’t be worried to die to kill an imposter. Saying stuff like “kill me if I lie, I saw green kill so vote green, if I lie kill me after”. Same thing goes if you’re going to be voted but know who it is, say “when you see I’m innocent, vote for green I saw him kill someone”

10. You should always vote on 3 people if there is 1 imposter or 5/6 people if there is two. Even if it’s a random guess, imposters can easily double kill and get a free win. 

11. Staying together. When there are 4-5 people left, you should stay with everyone else. As an imposter their only choices are oxygen or lights, both of which can be easily countered if people pay attention and if for oxygen a confirmed innocent goes to one side and everyone else goes to the other.

12. Common tasks. On the first map, there are two possible common tasks which are wires and admin card swipe. If you’re innocent and you have one (or both) of those tasks and someone else says they doesn’t, that means they’re lying because everyone in the lobby has the same common tasks. 

13. When you see someone do a visual task, on the next voting session tell everyone they did it, and if you have a visual task ask everyone to come watch you do it.

14. Settings. Everyone has their own personal favourite settings, but one thing I know for a fact is that when the kill cooldown is below 25 seconds and player speed is higher than one, it is INCREDIBLY easy for imposters who know what they’re doing to win. The high player speed lets them run from bodies and not get caught and the low kill cooldown means it can be easy to get multiple kills in one round. Also, in lobbies that use chat rather than voice, the combined discussion time and voting time should be above 75 seconds. Any lower and it is sometimes hard to get enough time to discuss. Discussion time is useful, I find that 30 seconds discussion and 45+ voting time is the best, as it prevents bad players (children) from blindly voting the second the meeting starts.

15. Cheating. If you cheat by having a friend tell you who killed them when they are killed, you’re ruining the game. Do not do that, and if you see anyone doing it call them out and have people vote to kick them.

16. As an imposter, try to stick with your imposter buddy and defend him at least a little in meetings. Don’t fully defend him no matter what, as people will vote you for defending an imposter. Sticking with them also gives them an alibi and allows for double kills. 

17. Door sabotages. As an imposter, you can use door sabotages to separate people and escape from bodies, for example if you kill someone in storage you can run to shields, lock the doors in storage and you will have time to run away from the body.

18. Keep track of people you run past. You never know if you might find a body, so knowing who ran past you away from a body is incredibly important 

19. Choosing who to kill. As an imposter, you should prioritise killing players who are good at the game and also confirmed innocents who have been cleared with visual tasks. 

20. Emergency meetings. Depending on how many meetings you get, meetings are either super important to not waste or you should just avoid pressing it to not annoy other people. Good reasons to start an emergency meeting are things like if you see someone vent, if you see someone 100% fake a task. When you only have 1 meeting, you should not waste it on stuff like telling everyone you’re done with tasks. 

21. Do not start the game unless there are at least 8-10 people. In my experience (especially in public lobbies) starting with 4-8 people sucks. You always have a few people disconnect or leave for no reason, so the game very quickly has very few people and that makes it incredibly easy for imposters to win and it’s just not fun. 

22. Don’t be toxic. A basic rule of every game as well as real life , just don’t be a dickhead. I understand sometimes you can get annoyed by stupid stuff that’s happening, I get like that a bit too, but don’t be a dick and tell people that they’re r****** and should commit toaster bath 

I doubt anyone has read this far, but what do all of you think about these tips? Any you disagree with? Any you want to add? I’m happy to talk with people in the comments about it!