I actually wanna commit die So I'm like 15 years old and have an Asian family and yes this is where this shit sucks.
Its more like being born anywhere where I live sucks, I'm forced to study and there is no other career option rather than being an engineer or a doctor.
What makes it worse is I have a mega nerd TWIN SISTER who keeps studying like 24/7, this shit makes my parents expect me to be also studying like  25 hours a day.

BUT I WAS HANDELING ALL OF THIS BS UNTIL my parents decided to take my laptop (and I'm FR never getting it back). But to be honest I'm not at all offended by this but rather super sad, as if u would have been on my place this would have easily made sense as I do have a phone of my own and basically there's a big amount of points I think make sense. And yea I didn't have a premium account on mc so basically I could not enjoy really playing on servers BUT I ACTUALLY BOUGHT AN ACCOUNT WITH MY OWN FUCKING MONEY THAT I HID FROM MY PARENTS FOR LIKE AN YEAR NOW.

I have like a 1000 more things (but I won't explain it as I'm sure basically like 10 people will read this till the end that) I have related to that laptop and mostly being that I'm gonna lose my friends that I made on discord, I actually ended up meeting peeps who had like the same interests as me and we enjoyed playing csgo, minecraft, skribll, among us, fall guys, live streaming like random shit and stuff that I never imagined enjoying with a friend on an internet.

And tbh watching subreddits like r/mademesmile and other wholesome subreddits make me feel even worse as to seeing how strangers help each other and here my family pressurizes me to study take up a career and gaming is a crime.

I basically have a true redditor live but make it even worse. 
btw I meant no hate towards my family rather I'm super pissed, I didn't explain like everything so it must be super unclear what I'm actually trying to say.
I do have a genuinely caring family who still loves me even though after all of this non-sense.