Some random cat attacked one of my cats So a bit of backstory before the story. So, my grandparents live on a "farm" (we own a bunch of farmland around their house but someone else managaes the crops) and every year from about September to November we get at least one cat that wanders onto our property. Normally I'll go out and get it used to me, the house, and my family, and we adopt it. Most of the cats aren't really feral, per se, we just don't know where they come from. That's why we adopt them. I'm the one that gets it used to everyone because I'm planning to become a veterinarian so it's good practice. Anyways We've done this for the last 4ish years, first with Dixon (we had a cat named Mason so we named that one Dixon after the Mason-Dixon line). We're not sure what happened to him. Then Jack wandered up a year ago. And this year Ollie wandered up.

So this story is about Jack. I'm staying with my grandparents over thanksgiving break just because, and my aunt and uncle brought their dog over here while they visit out of state family. I went out to take care of their dog, Chloe, and I accidentally let Jack out. Normally this isn't a big deal, because it's easy to get him and Ollie back in. This time though, Jack found a feral cat. I got done with Chloe and was calling for Jack to get him to come, and every time I called him I heard a deep growl/groan that I knew was coming from one of the cats, either Jack or (I didn't yet know of the other one) the feral cat. Naturally, I got worried at the sound because we get a bunch of bobcats at night, so I grabbed a flashlight to investigate. It was too dim, so I ended up using my phone's flashlight. I approach where I here the noise and discover Jack and the feral cat duking it out. I scared the feral off and stopped Jack from going after it, even though he could've taken it with ease. I didn't wanna take that risk despite that. So I coerced Jack back inside and gave him so food and water. He's not having trouble walking, breathing, eating, drinking, etc. I went over his body to make sure he wasn't injured and he groaned when I touched a few places, but I'm pretty sure it's nothing but a few bruises and scratches. He's now sitting in the breezeway watching for the cat, and I'm doing the same whilst making sure he's okay. I'll check on him in the morning and if he's worse, or about the same, we'll take him to the vet. I'll update if anything happens.

That scared me to death. Thanks for reading, I had to vent about it.