i just want to be loved and appreciated i’ve been through too much of this same shit. my relationship is crumbling and i can’t do much about it. i can’t force the other side of this to care. 

last night i sobbed on the phone for i’m not sure how long. but it felt like a long time. and my boyfriend couldn’t do anything, he didn’t feel anything. and i don’t think he feels anything right now. idk how much longer i can do this, where i don’t feel loved or appreciated.

he hasn’t put in much effort lately. it honestly feels like i’m carrying this relationship on my back and it’s exhausting because school is already taking so much out of me, i can’t be the perfect girlfriend. i tried. even me trying isn’t appreciated. nothing i do is appreciated anymore. he expected me to show him my body on call when i can’t even look at myself in the mirror anymore. i suppressed emotions because it felt like if i didn’t he would blow up at me and tell me he doesn’t love me again. and i can’t go through another time of my bf telling me he doesn’t love me anymore. the emotional toll of that experience has proven true because i wonder every single waking moment if he still loves me. and i really shouldn’t have to do that. his words are starting to hold much less weight over time because i don’t know if he means it. and now my words aren’t holding weight anymore because I’d tell him that i’m okay when i really wasn’t. i wanted to ease tension by putting aside my own feelings and just bottling them up. i never wanted to talk about them. 

he’s angry with me. and i’m angry at him for not showing any effort or sweetness. he’s angry at me for me getting angry. this is so exhausting. it feels like he’s taking me for granted or purposely pushing me away. it feels like he doesn’t appreciate me being around anymore. i don’t know how much more of this i can take. i just wanna stop existing. everything is so painful. 

earlier he told me “i hope you weren’t lying about your exes”. my exes have been toxic. one of them would only be happy if i sent nudes. another would compare me to girls all the time and gaslight me whenever i got upset about it. another one wouldn’t show any emotion other than annoyance or disgust with me. they’ve all caused me to hate myself more and more. one after the other, my self hatred grows. partly because i let myself take this treatment and partly because i kept being told i wasn’t good enough. over and over again. and i have the same feeling of me not being good enough.

i don’t feel beautiful. i don’t feel valued. i don’t feel appreciated. i don’t feel loved. i don’t feel happy. 

i don’t have enough friends to distract myself. i’ve dedicated myself to the same person for the past 5 months and now i don’t know if it was worth anything. mostly because i don’t know if he’s willing to put in effort anymore. mostly because i think he knows he can find another girl very easily and discard me like the others. i’ve sacrificed so much for one person, and my mom was right about how we get hurt when we put too much effort into one person. my mom was right when she said women are stupid when they’re in love.

i’m getting back to that dark place in my life where i had no appetite. i’d weigh myself morning and day and make sure i only lose weight. i’m getting back to the point where i cry every night wondering if i’m worth anything to anyone and wondering if i disappeared if anything would change. i know at this point people would only benefit from my lack of existence. everyone in my life could stand a lot less me being around. i don’t know what to do about this because if i talk to my boyfriend about this then he’d tell me i’m dumping my feelings onto him. i can’t talk to my therapist half the time because our sessions are only 50 minutes and outside those sessions he takes a long time to respond. my parents aren’t emotionally capable enough to empathize with me and help me get through this. i don’t want to talk to this about my friends because it’s not their problem. i have no one right now. 

i just wanna poof out of existence.