just a little vent (I really just needed to talk to someone aha) (sorry if it’s the wrong flair I’m new here) 
so about two years ago I got diagnosed with minor autism. at first I didn’t think much of it as it wouldn’t change who I was, and it never will. but others didn’t think the same. I’ve always had troubles with school, I don’t think it’s difficult, I just think it’s incredibly boring. like so boring I would rather do anything else in the world than go there. so I’ve spent most of my school days at home rather than at school. and now finally, my parents had something to blame it on. don’t get me wrong, I love my parents, they’re really nice, but they seem to not understand that all their comments about my autism being the cause for all of this hurt me. almost every single adult I’ve met who knows about my autism seems to assume that I must have troubles with EVERYTHING just because I’m autistic. it’s always annoyed me, but for the past few months I just can’t take it anymore. I don’t hate myself. I love who I am. but I hate my autism. if everyone stopped making such a big deal out of it then I would live the perfect life. (not really, but much better than this hellhole) every time someone comments on it I’m close to breaking out in tears because of how done I am. every time they tell me something new I have troubles with I don’t understand how they always forget about everything I DONT have troubles with. they NEVER talk about the good things about me, only bad things. I literally taught myself English from just staring at a computer screen all day. school didn’t teach me anything. but no, that’s not important, cause I must be a complete idiot because I have this label under my name. I cry myself to sleep almost every single night just thinking about how much better my life would be if I wasn’t like this. and I know you might just say “but just go to school! it’ll fix your problems!” thats not gonna help. I don’t even know why I don’t go most of the time. I just can’t. anyways thanks for tuning in today for anjas ted talk. have a nice day!!