Don't know what to put here. Feelings and stuff I guess So prom is coming soon, and what we're doing, is having a bunch of mini proms at people's houses on the same night with limited guests. I'll be going to a friend's girlfriend's house with the handful of people we all grew up with together. And each of us can bring a friend/date. And as with all parents, mine are all on me about, "Oh, it's such an important moment, you're going to bring a date and it's going to be great, prom is amazing, you'll cherish it forever, blah blah" and the like.

This morning, my mom and dad were doing the whole routine on me again, (I've gotten used to it by now) and we got on the subject of girls/bring a date again. But for some reason this time, they were really pushing me to find a date to take to the dance. I explained it as: "Oh nah, I don't want to bring extra people to the already limited guest count. Really, I don't mind. I'll be talking to my friends anyway." But then my mom asked, 

"Well don't you like *any* girls!?!"

And at that point, my dad pipes up with a really nasty joke about "those fruits" and laughs to himself, which sets both mom and dad into their "those f\*gs make me sick; they're not normal; they're so weird; they're gonna burn in hell, I can't imagine what this world will be like with all these sickos' running around, (you get the idea)" talk. And I have to nod my head in agreement with them and say: "There's plenty of girls I like, but they'll...want to dance. I don't like dancing...yeah." I have exactly 4 female friends. One is away at college living her life and stuff, one is fully virtual at home and will not be going anywhere, and the last two are very obviously lesbian (I'm not trying to be offensive or anything, but it's the truth.) And I can just imagine what utter bullshit we would hear from the peanut gallery then.

I would love to ask a certain guy in mind out to prom, but if I do, I'm sure the next place I'm going won't be home. And now I'm pissed off/frustrated with my parents, but have to put on the 'everything's fine and fucking dandy' face and carry on like normal.

Sorry this was long-winded and bitchy, but idk. I rarely talk about feelings and stuff, but I had to write all this out. Any words of advice from anyone would be greatly appreciated. Thanks :)