Worried rant about my gf 💪- also give me advice plz Hey y’all so first of all TW for ed, sh, suicide, neglect, drug use, and maybe other stuff idk 

So basically I’ve had this girlfriend for almost a whole year now, (we starting dating on January 1st) and I love her more than the earth itself. This girl means so much to me. 

Recently, she’s been opening up to me about her problems and stuff. I myself am not very stable as you may be able to tell from some of my previous posts. 

Anyway, so she tells me she’s diagnosed for bpd and depression. Okay, great, I can deal with that. 

I find out her mother, her only parental figure, just. Doesn’t buy her food. Her mom is either working or gambling, and even though has the money and resources to do so, doesn’t give her enough money to buy her own food with or buys her groceries. She has also body shamed her for many years, so next thing I find out is that my girlfriend has an eating disorder. I also have an Ed, so I wasn’t sure if I was really the right person to talk to her. 

Next thing I find out is that she cuts herself when she’s bored. Just. Self harm for funnies yk. 

Next is that she’s been using various drugs for many years. She’s been stealing her moms weed since I’ve known her, (we were 13, 15 now) and had lots of morphine given to her after a surgery. This brings me to my next subject. 

Tonight I found the worst of it, which is that she tried to kill her self mannnyyy times. Tonight being one of those times. She took way too many morphine pills and for the first time ever told me about it. I wasn’t really sure what to do ngl, I can’t go over to her house because I literally don’t have her address and so I also can’t call an ambulance or anything.  Nobody who knows where she lives is awake right now. I’m super worried about her right now, even thought throwing up probably isn’t a good idea given her ED history, im trying to convince her to throw up the pills. 

I’m sorry if this made no sense I’m trying to get thsi down quickly for advice.