Perfect Date Update first post on my page!

the girl I went to the meteor shower with update!

So. Instead of prom dresses, we ended up both wearing cute outfits with skirts. We talked around a fire and laid down on a blanket and watched the stars. We even saw a couple meteors that night with my friends!!!! Then we listened to music (including SHE by Dodie Clark!!!!) and sang along before one of my friends had to leave. While my friend and her bf were saying goodbye, we turned on our old show choir performance and did the whole 15 minute dance to it. Afterwards, we finally decided to go home. 

After the meteor shower and otw  back to my house we got stuck behind a train for like 15 minutes. We spent that time jamming out to music and laughing and talking a lot. We had fun and even went on a little bit of a drive down backroads near my house before finally getting home. Then we watched each others tik toks (and she showed me one where she didn't have a shirt on and she was in the shower but it was from the shoulders up but omg she's so attractive.) and we did that for a while before my family went to sleep and we decided to smoke together. I ended up getting high off my ass, but she somehow was inhaling wrong and used over half my kart trying to get high before my pen died. (I let her use that much out of love. kart is temporary, future girlfriend is forever). We fell asleep on my couch in each others arms (SERIOUSLY CUDDLING) and she left the next morning, but not before I promised her we'd get high together another time for sure. (she got home that day and found that she was indeed inhaling wrong after trying it out on her essential oil vape)

Since then we've been hanging out as much as we can and texting frequently just having fun conversations. We even made a joke where I said I'd whisk her away from her house and she called me her knight in shining armor. So she then said she was gonna write a story ab it and I ended up drawing a picture of me in a knight suit and her in a princess dress. and I sent it to her. and she loved it! I even called her princess this morning. In the form of, "good morning, princess!"

That brings us to today; I asked her if she wanted us to stop by her work (us being me and my friend) while we were driving around and she said sure! so otw I asked if she also wanted to get Sweet Frog while we were there because she works right across from one. and she said shed get some with me after her shift was over. (It was 540, and she got off at 730.) I was so excited and said yes, but I didnt have a ride back home and then back to sweet frog, so I asked if I could just stay at her job until 730. and she said sure but they closed at 7 so id have to wait outside (it was freezing btw) but I obliged because it meant more time with her! 

I got there around 6 and me and my friend said hi, but then my friend had to leave, so I was left alone with my crush at her job for an hour and a half. It was really fun and we were talking for a bit as I helped her stock and everything, but then a customer needed her help (like a cookbook smh). I said I'd watch her cart for her and she left. she ended up getting busy for a bit so I waited in that aisle for a good 30 minutes just looking at Crayola products and twirling kid batons before she came back. 

She came back and got all excited to show me something she'd gotten while she was walking around. Apparently one of their regular customers named 'Santa' (who looks like santa) signed a postcard for her and gave it to her. I shared her enthusiasm before showing her a book from the aisle that I read while she was gone that made animal noises and stuff (leave me alone i was bored). Before they announced the store was closing and I went to the front to walk out. I found that they had already locked the doors so one of the employees had to come unlock them for me. I decided to let them know I'd be staying outside in case they got curious, so I said "ill be sitting out here waiting fot someone so just know im not a weirdo just waiting out here," but the worker told me I could stay inside while waiting and I happily accepted.

I stood in the front and waited for another 15 minutes before my crush was ready to go and got off work, and then we walked to her car. We drove over to sweet frog and got out of the car and walked inside. I decided to match froyo flavors with her but get different toppings (bcs im indecisive ash) and we left to eat in her car. We sat there and watched tokomaru compilations because were cosplaying as those characters and making ship content soon (hehe). Then we talked about all our favorite shows and school stuff from before quarantine before we finished our froyo and headed home.

It was raining pretty hard and her heater was all the way up so the windows were all foggy and she had some trouble driving, but we did made it back to my house alive lol. When we got back I unbuckled and put our empty froyo containers in the dash. I then excitedly leaned over to hug her and we embraced with our arms all the way around each other and I buried my head into the crook of her neck. 

15 seconds into the hug, our froyo containers fell, ruining the moment. So I went to pick them up. I debated whether or not I should hug her again, and I decided to. So I leaned in for another hug and while my head was in her neck again I groaned because I didn't wanna leave. She said "aww :(" before I finally pulled away and looked her in the eye. When I tell you there were butterflies, I mean it. I seriously thought for a second that we were about to kiss. She even made like a smooch sound at me and blew a kiss. but I had to go, and she gets nervous driving super late, so I grabbed the froyo containers, promised to hang out again asap, made a smooch sound and blew a kiss back to her. Said "I love you" to each other. and walked into my house. 

tl;dr: the meteor shower went great and me and the same girl hung out again today. when she dropped me off we hugged, broke the hug to pick up fallen trash, continued the hug and seprated. We then made eye contact and I could feel the tension in the air, but eventually we blew kisses to each other, said I love you, and left.