Can anyone talk? I need to vent ((To my friends: im okay just having a bad night))

Basically this semester of online college has been really hard for me with eating disorder and depression from being isolated, but I’ve been pushing through telling myself that when we go back in January things will be better but I got the email today about the reopening plan and we’re not allowed to leave the campus except for “essential” like grocery, and we can’t go to anybody else’s room ever. So basically I’m gonna be just as isolated and depressed as ever. 


Then to make things worse my sister started telling my mom so many bad embarrassing things I’ve done in the past just to make me look bad and like I shouldn’t go. A year and a bit ago I used to meet up with guys in secret from dating apps, I KNOW this is bad and haven’t done it since a long time and I’ve changed a lot and I know that was dangerous and irresponsible, again depression can make you make really bad choices to try and feel something. So my sister starts spouting all this shit completely ratting me out (she knew some but not all), and told her that whenever I go for walks (I go about 2x/wk), I go just to meet up with guys which IS NOT true, and that I had sex with a 20yr old when I was 15 which again ISNT true, what actually happened was I kissed an 18yo when I was 16 BIG DIFFERENCE!!!! So now she’s made me look so bad and keeps trying to convince my mom I’m not responsible enough to not get COVID. 


I’m honestly so fucking sick of all this shit. I stay in one room all the time and do the same thing over and over again and it makes me so depressed and just feel like absolute shit all the time but I’ve been holding on to January where things will be different but nope looks like it’ll be the exact same thing. Fuck I just don’t know what to do anymore. I want so much more out of life I need things to change I just don’t even feel alive anynore. 

TLDR: online college sucks but so does in person, sister and mom rehashing bad past and telling lies, trapped in cycle