help me on this please (for reference, we're both 15.)

I met my best friend, who I'll call Leah, when I was 6. we've been pretty inseparable ever since, and she stuck with me when my older sister went through the worst mental health episode of her life, and took our family along with her. my sister was diagnosed with what felt like every mental illness in the book, including bipolar. while of course it was way way worse for her, it was pretty awful for me as a little kid to witness all of that shit too.

the mother of my little guy is also mentally ill, and has been diagnosed with bipolar. it worsened significantly during her pregnancy, to the point where she tried to strangle the kid when he was born.

so, yeah. these stories kind of show how difficult and not-aesthetic it is to be mentally ill. my best friend knows this, so I doubt she'd aestheticise it, at least not in front of me. I'm worried I'm not responding well enough to possible cries for help.

recently my best friend has started frequently talking about being bipolar. ofc I asked if she was okay and if there was anything I could do, and she said no. that would have been concerning on its own- but it's more the way she talks about it. she goes through checklists of severe bipolar symptoms while we're hanging out, and does the debby-ryan hair flick and smile thing to all of them. with more well-known and glorified symptoms like mood swings and sadness, she'll tell me how much she relates to it. with less glorified symptoms, eg narcissism and horniness, she says she doesn't relate at all and makes fun of it, but tbh that could just be embarrassment. leah has said several times how badly she wants to have a life like rue from the tv show euphoria (bipolar, very mentally ill, self-destructive, drug addict) and when we watch the show together she points out how aesthetic some of the darker scenes are.

i do want to get her help if this is something she struggles with. i've seen what it can do to people and nobody should have to go through it alone. but she says it isn't worth bothering her mom about and that i'm overreacting. simply put, what do??