my first time getting a girlfriend (part 1) 21/11/2020 

it was night and i was with my friends and the girl i like.

it was a rainy night and we were all together under the roof of a mall.And then...(plot twist incomin') the girl i like starts hugging one of my friends, so i turned around to not watch and to not probably commit a crime (jk)

they kept doing it so,disgusted, i put on my jacket and go back home, i didn't even wait for the super intense rain to finish, i was too angry,sorry if i repeat myself but, disgusted, and with too much problems floating around my head.

a good hour later, she text me (i will call her "g")
g: (my name)
me:what
are you fine with me and *x* being...you saw that right? pls ask sincerely.
me:if you too are happy, for me is fine (biggest lie ever told)
g: ok but, i don't want that you feel bad. i care about you.
me: hmmm...i already heard this, didn't i?

* flashback *


21/08/2020



it was night and i was in bed with my phone.

her cousin that i know text me (i wil call her cousin "gc" [g's cousin])

gc: hey
me: what (why do i always say what?)
gc: i know i should not say this but...
me: but?
gc: g likes you
me: (thinking it was a joke, and you will later find out) nah that's not real
gc: believe me, it is real.
me: are you with g in this moment?
gc: yes
me: good, make her do a vocal (or how you say it in english idk i am italian)
gc: * send me a vocal where g says that she likes me *
gc: so you believe me now?
me: wow, sure i do
gc: sooo do you want to be, gf and bf ;)
me: well, if she agrees for me is fine!
gc: she agrees


then we start texting and talking for maybe half an hour but then she says:
g/gc: sorry, but this was a dare, i don't like you.


i think i broke something from my bed when i received this, i am pretty sure


but let's come back to this day


g: ok but, i don't want that you feel bad. i care about you.
me: hmmm...i already heard this, didn't i?
g: no
g: i am serious i care about you
me: were you serious the first time too?
g: if i said yes you will not believe me right?
me: right, why i should believe you? (i think this hit too hard)
g: when ny cousin texted you, i was actually beginning to like you, then when school started, i began to like you even more(i will call my *notanymore* friend "f" [which stand for fa- i mean friend]), but then f...
me: f and then?
g: well i started to like him, but maybe if you said something before...you know...( this one make me angry so the next message will be kinda bad)
me: well is too late now right? so why you keep texting me. (jeez if that was cold)
g: i keep texting you because i care about you.
g: way too much
me: choose, me or him. i will wait.


a good 2 hours passes


me: so? have you chosen?
g: yes
me: and who?
g: you, but i don't know how to say it to f
me: i don't know what to say


kinda like 5 minutes passed


g: i said it but i think his phone is not connected to internet, or maybe he shutted it down.
me: don't worry everything will be fine.


then we will meet monday, tomorrow, our school is closed because of igienization (or how do you spell it), they do this for our health...i guess.

*to be continued*