The aftermath of results day 2020: I am disillusioned as a student Disillusioned definition:
Having lost faith or trust in something formerly regarded as good or valuable
e.g university, other routes and no other paths

Ok so this might be ranty but this is something I know a lot of students have been feeling, and I have noticed many are silent about these situations. Before the covid-19 struck the whole world by mindset was completely different; get high grades and university being a good path for me. Even though these systems were as messed up as they are we just had to get through with it. But since the pandemic hit it basically had completely ruined the image or illusion of grades, university in the UK specifically, and the future.

People are losing jobs, we are in a recession worse than the last one. Before results day the university mentioned trying to find the balance between work and university, because a full time course as they say is quite intense. I was thinking, I can't rely on my parents money? Not for a year or mind you 3. How would we pay and just live? The maintenance is usually and is lower than my accomodation. That, included with trying to find some sort of job, and then having tuition fees for an a partially online course and would be expected to carry on if a 2nd wave hit. This is a practical subject by the way so being home is something to avoid to be honest. The motive behind brushing these issues doesn't  sit right with me spirit. 

But skipping a lot of issues, results day really struck me. My grades, my friends grades, and people that are my acquaintances had inaccurate grades. A's and B's and C's grades down quite low (e.g ABB to BDD). The illusion of grades has changed my mindset also. Grades were just a complete image for the next step especially since they have just given it out and results are completely false. Basically everyone is appealing. I have seen people including I work hard, and their ability has been thrown under the bus. Teachers are in the exact same boat as us. Many were shocked and upset as the grades given gave no form of control at all. Some people I know have been rejected places because of this. One friend rang BCU after they gave her a foundation instead because of these inaccurate results and then they said it was "a mistake". She was quite happy, but I told her "But why did they do that in the first place if it was a mistake? They could've just changed it like they did when she rang them?" As a reminder we are appealing. 

So yeah.. it was supposed as loads said of the best times in my life.. The future is clouded for me and let down. I don't see another path which is another issue for our age. Where do we go from this new future. The new normal is not the normal as it was before.

P.S. also events that have happened since the beginning of 2020 (e.g. so called celebrities exposed, protests, and government gas lighting has heightened these moments)