Can you give me advice on picking a college (Texas tech, WVU, or U of South Carolina)? Hi. HS senior and I’m at an utter lost deciding where to go to college. 

I’m from NY, and while I got into NY state schools, WILL end up being cheaper than any state school. I also just really want to get out of NY. It might sound like i just wanted to go to a big party school, but that’s not it. I wanted a big school from the get go, and private schools are way too expensive. I’m also basing my decisions off of what schools are DEFINITELY having in-person classes next year. NO WAY I’m going online. Also; all three of these schools have club swimming.

Texas Tech — was supposed to be a “discount” TAMU. I got into TAMU, but they gave me dog poopoo financial aid. I’d most likely study chemical engineering, comp sci minor maybe. Got in state tuition and ended up being around 17K (with air fare and such). Good engineering school, I’d also be psyched about going to Texas. The school doesn’t have the best reputation, but a good alumni network, and my field of engineering is pretty much centered in TX.

U of South Carolina — applied here for fun, beautiful campus. Got into the Capstone program. End up being around 26k. I think UofSC has a better overall reputation, but I’m not sure if their engineering schools is AS good. I’d also be psyched about going to South Carolina. Also be studying chemE.

WVU — I know some people who go here and they really love it, one of which is an engineer. WV is a beautiful state, and the final price would be around 21k here. I’d also have the option to be in a 5 dual bachelor degree program of mining/Civil engineering, which seems like a really cool field to me. Some cons are that the school’s grad rate isn’t that high (the others aren’t much higher) and it has a huge party vibe, almost to a point where it has a negative affect on the school’s rep (same with the others maybe?). I’m also not sure if I’d like to live in WV either.

Anyways. I’d graduate with 10k in student loans anywhere I go. Please give any insight.