I wrote this, wanna know if it's good. Criticism is welcome "Who am I?"
 
If someone asked me what I am, I'd simply reply that I am the sum of my genetics and the events that have taken place during the course of my life. The answer to someone asking who I am, however, would be a lot longer.
 
 
I am a son, a brother, and a friend. I am a student but also an educator. I am an avid reader and I write creatively. My interests differ largely: like a butterfly, I flutter from one flower to another, spreading my big beautiful wings, sucking nectar. I am both an amateur perfumer and a martial artist; a video gamer and a philosopher. I admire both the natural and that made by man; Orwell and Shakespeare; Sinatra and Motorhead. 
 
 
An ideal day of my life would include hiking all the way up to a secluded hill, reading a book, probably reading Matsuo Basho's Haikus, sitting under the shade of a big Oak tree, and munching on something that I had probably cooked while dancing to an old Edith Piaf song. I would then collect some Roses that I could make perfumes with and head home. At home, I would build myself a cozy blanket fort and fall asleep in it while watching one of those horror shows that are on TLC and Discovery Channel late at night.
 
 
I love learning new things and my ability to learn things quickly has only complemented that. Even when I was young, while other students liked to play outside, I preferred staying home, trying to memorise dictionaries and reading about different cultures. In the past few months alone, I’ve learned things like knitting, repairing bicycles, 3D Modelling, and making Béchamel sauce Pasta, my own signature dish. I have questioned and, in turn, discarded all the beliefs about race, religion, sexuality, and caste that were wrongly forced onto me at a very young age. I have come so far and have learned and experienced so much, yet I feel that it is not enough. The amount of knowledge that exists in the world, overwhelms me and makes me feel like a butterfly with so many flowers around it that no matter how much nectar it sucks there would still be more.
 
 
 I am ambitious and have large goals. Inspired by schools like the Academy and Deep Springs, I too aspire to start my own school. An alternative to modern education, if you may, the school would focus on teaching students critical thinking and help them gain a deeper understanding of the world, its cultures, and, in turn, of themselves. It is my belief that by providing others with better education, I can make a change. I believe that I, too, like a butterfly, can cause a storm by merely flapping my wings.
 
 
Who I am is ever-changing. With each passing day, my beliefs change, for the better, and I become a more learned and refined version of myself. Like Heraclitus believed, I, along with every other thing in the universe, am in a constant state of flux. Therefore, the question, “Who am I?” can only be answered accurately when I cease to change. And as I continue to evolve, I believe the question cannot be answered for the time being.