Sorry, I had to vent So I am a freshman currently taking 4 accelerated courses, doing a musical (I’m a supporting role), and roughly an hour and a half of extra curriculars a day. I am constantly either doing homework or doing something with school. I love doing stuff with computers though and I’ve recently been looking into basic coding classes that my school offers. So basically, my schedule is busy, rly busy. 
On top of this, my mom is REALLY STRICT when it comes to turning in work late. This all culminates into a really stressful existence where i have little to no time to pursue my own passions. That should be enough context.

Today I was being dropped off at rehearsal for my musical and my mom starts lecturing me about how I have to really focus on my grades because there is no money for me to go to college, and schools don’t have to meet a requirement of white students so college will be a difficult process. And I snapped, I just start screaming at her about things that didn’t really make sense to me, but I knew what I was trying to say. Essentially I was saying that I’m starting see more and more of the negative qualities she has and I’m starting to see them in me too and that is scaring me because I absolutely hate her. And she just looks at me and starts crying and saying how I’m her entire life and how it really hurts that I’m so ungrateful for the sacrifices she has made for me. 

I know it might have been insensitive, but I just left I said goodbye, got out of the car and went to rehearsal. My dad picked me up after and we had a nice conversation like most usually are with him. I got home and she looked excited. So I said hi and that I was going to go upstairs and do homework then she stops me and hands me a list of missing assignments and says that I’m not allowed to use my pc until it’s done. I’m not even upset by the punishment, what I’m upset by is how she had a smile on her face as she watched my mood change from pretty good to crap.

That brings me to now where it’s past midnight and I’m writing a Reddit post instead of doing the catch up work that I’m in trouble for. I’m honestly just trying to get past the cruelty that I’ve never seen from my mom before, it was almost like she enjoyed crushing my mood and watching my face start to frown, it’s sickening. The worst of all of it though is that I think I might become that cruel and I don’t want to be like that. 

Sorry for the long read, if you have any advice, please DM me or just comment it. Ik this is very woe is me (look at me, I’m sad and want attention), that’s why I don’t like posting this sort of thing, but I needed to tell someone and I didn’t want to wake up my friends. 

Have a Nice Night and eat some fruit (it’s good for you)