Life moves on?  (M 15) In the UK at 15-16 you finish your big tests that lead to college or extra study before college or university and its basically graduation slightly but that's not the point. You actually have to work or be in school until 18, then your free but whatever. So I dont know why but its just hit me that people i've known for 4 years or have grown a small connection with in like 2-3 years are probably going to leave and i will never see them again or at least a couple of them. I know that's life but it's kinda deep. But i never felt like this when i was 11 (cuz when your 11 in the UK you proceed from primary to secondary: junior to high school) and i didn't really care but this is different. Like it's not even like people i know and talk to a lot, it's random people that i'm thinking of that i slightly know and talked briefly to and i just feel like i wasted so much time, like i could have spoken to so many different people and gained insight from these different people. You Know? So much time wasted of me being - not particularly scared or not confident as i'm not necessarily quiet but not a large to life character - passive and just keeping to bare minimum like school work, and not gotten to know these people who i've spent 4 years of my life with. People who i've essentially grown up with. I'm trying to talk to more people now but even then i just end up with some rubbish conversation about school work and being formal. You know those people who just have the character and make you feel welcome and are easy to talk to? I just can't emulate that, like i don't know what to speak about without being different than usual and freaking these people out - which i guess wouldn't be a bad thing but wouldn't lead to anything as they could easily just leave in the end of the year to a different school or a college or apprenticeship or job that means i don't see them anymore and so i'll have wasted time talking to random people who i won't see again. I don't know i haven't talked to a lot of people about this, and most of them this idea hasn't hit them or they don't care? I don't know man. Sorry for venting lol.