I finally went to my principal about my history teachers verbal abuse Hello all, I’m currently 14 and in 8th grade, now generally my class can misbehave sometimes but overall, we’re a pretty decent class and calm down when the teacher asks. Throughout the school year I noticed that our history teacher can get pretty verbally aggressive with us, especially when it’s unnecessary and she sometimes targets kids who have done absolutely nothing wrong and it seems ive finally fell under her radar and it was my breaking point and she set me up today which got me in trouble for something pretty damn stupid which was not “charging my chrome book” which i most definitely plugged up and have multiple witnesses to this but she’s 10 times worse with other kids. I won’t mention any names because the kid is seriously going through some stuff but she’s started targeting this student, letting them go to our library to work in there and then call the principal to claim that the student was skipping class, things like that. It’s gotten to the point where the kid will have breakdowns in class and cause physical harm to themselves at home. I finally decided to go to the principal about all of this since I figured yknow, she seems pretty reliable right? I was so wrong. I explained the situation to her through an email since she was so busy all the time and a few hours got the response of essentially “get over it. People get mad.” and now i honestly don’t know what to do, I will purposely try to avoid her class at all points of time and try to escape to the bathroom as much as possible. I broke out in tears when I read the email. Our teachers and staff are supposed to help us feel safe and comfortable and we should be able to go to them about these things but now I’m afraid to step into my history class because who knows when she could have an outburst and I, like many students, now feel extremely unheard by the very people who are supposed to help us. 

Sorry for the long rant, i just really needed to get this off my chest. thanks for sticking around if you did.