My grandfather died in my arms last night. This is not a joke, I just felt like I needed some support right now. 

Last night, I was preparing to sign up for a college program in high school, and I heard my name being loudly called from downstairs. 

I went downstairs, and I saw my grandfather slumped on the floor, and my mother and step father hunched over him, trying to pick his limp body up. I rushed in to help, and I noticed that he was still breathing.

I strained every muscle in my body to get him up, but he wouldnt budge. Eventually, I layed him down on his side, held his head so that his head wouldn't touch the floor, and we called 911. 

This caused my hands to be extremely bloodied, because he started bleeding out of his mouth and nose just after puking, and we told them about it. He stopped breathing shortly after. We panicked and told the operator that he stopped breathing. She informed us on how to do chest compressions, and we did them for a minute, and blood spilled out of his mouth with each compression.

Help soon arrived, and they did everything so fast. They pulled him out into the hallway, did chest compressions, and all the while another person was setting up a machine that looked something like a blood pressure wrap. They told me to go away, and wash my hands.

I followed their orders and went to go wash my hands, and when I did, it really dawned on me what was happening, and I started crying. 

My 6 year old sister was in the living room, close to where my grandfather was getting helped with, so I escorted her to the other living room, where she would not be able to see him. I started crying even more.

The EMTs told me to bring her upstairs and stay with her, that of which I did. I watched her for 3 hours, hearing the sounds of sirens outside my house and yelling going on downstairs. Eventually, the yelling stopped, and my mother knocked on the door, asking me to come out and telling my sister to stay.

She hugged me, and told me that there was nothing that they could do, because he was long gone by then. She escorted me downstairs, to which I saw him covered in an American flag.  She told me that they draped it over him because of his long history as a veteran. 

I was then escorted upstairs again, but by my step father this time, because an officer came to console the two, and that we (the kids) shouldn't be there.

Me and my sister waited until 1 AM, to which my mother and step father came in, and my mother's face was so sad and tear stained.

We all went to bed after that, and it's now dawning on me the day after that he's really gone. I wont ever see him again.