a question to discuss about race and racial slurs please serious answers only.   

hi, my name is unimportant, but i'm a teenager who is biracial; my birth mother is turkish, and my birth father is african-american. i'm notably coloured.   

now, i have had friends in the past toe the line of what i believe to be acceptable. the furthest it ever went was one of my straight, white, male friends saying the following: "[black girl's name]? i hate her; she reminds me of a n****r who eats hot cheetos." i had already gotten on some of those friends (all white, i'm typically the only POC in any of my groups) for using the n-word while not black, though they used it with the "-a" at the end, not "-er" like this guy.   

eventually, the majority of those friendships ended over stuff completely unrelated. i found a new group of friends, all white again, with one filipino guy (longtime friend of mine). important to note here: before a little bit ago, i've always been a bit more soft-spoken, afraid of confrontation, and just generally a people pleaser. i tend to tolerate things that make me uncomfortable.   

anyways, these new friends were fine. but then one day, i think there was either a time when they scrolled through a wiki page looking for racial slurs or it came out of the blue (i'm not really sure), but one guy began calling me a moon cricket and a bounty bar. for reference, moon cricket is a racial slur for black people, which references how slaves would sing under the night sky, like crickets do; bounty bar is another racial slur for a black person who acts like a stereotypical white person, because the candy has a white filling underneath a layer of chocolate.   

i believe i expressed my discomfort with these nicknames. if i didn't, i didn't really act in favor of them, though, usually going quiet when they were used. i was already fairly outspoken on not wanting the n-word used while i was around (didn't want a repeat of last time), but one of the friends in the current group didn't really listen to that, either.   

looking back on messages, i found that i eventually played into the use of the slurs—calling myself a "recovering moon cricket" in one message—which may blur the issue a bit. i tend, with humour i don't like, to kind of assimilate into it, so it's less like i'm getting laughed at and more that i'm getting laughed with. like if a kid keeps getting called stupid, so they double down and make jokes about them being stupid too. which honestly isn't an excuse, but it may explain that a bit more. plus, one of my biggest fears socially is that i come off as a snowflake (also something i was often called if i said anything about liberal politics or not saying slurs) or too SJW-like. so i did make a few concessions in my beliefs to come off as the "cool" black person.   

still, i'm a bit torn on how i feel. on one hand, i should've made my opinions more clear if i didn't already do that. on the other hand, there's really no reason for people who aren't of those colours to begin to call someone who is that colour a racial slur anyways, and to continue on even after hearing the person already isn't okay with the n-word. all racial slurs are bad, even if some seem "more" bad, like the n-word.   

i wanted to leave this here for you guys to discuss. what do you guys think?