Remembering my old days (Crush Story) It was raining here, and it took me into this kind-of nostalgic period of when I was 13 and much happier and focused in life. It was the year 2012 and the film The Amazing Spider-Man had just released, Peter Parker is synonymous with a good hero and Andrew Garfield was this hot Hollywood hero that almost all girls seemed to love at that time (he's still loved but more as an actor rather than just a hot guy).

Now I was this nerdy and seemingly nice guy who with his BFF would go for a walk to the near soda-shop for a good drink and chat. Having studied in an all boys school and talking to girls and wooing them was kind of an uncharted territory for me. Here enters a new girl in the neighborhood who is very friendly and an extrovert who liked to talk with everyone (of that age group) in the area. So idk from where but she knew my friend who used to walk with me and also became friends with me and called me Peter Parker (and that's where it all started).

Now those seemingly cool and innocent walks were more pleasant as we would stop at her house (it was in middle of our walk) and had an amazing banter and I was more and more attracted to her; she was all I liked in a person, kind, extrovert (opposite of me) and had a great personality. She also resembled a popular actress of that time so I called her as she called me Peter Parker and that was an amazing time I had with her. It was raining one day and I was stuck at the grocery store and luckily she was there too, and that made it the best memory of her I have as we talked at least an hour or so.

But as all good things come to an end, it was that her dad moved to that house for just a few months as he had to do some kind of a deal of that property and so she without telling anyone moved to someplace else. Now I don't even know where she lives plus I never got to know her last name as well, hence I couldn't even get to her through Social Media as her name is quite common plus has spelling various (I feel like a dumbass that I didn't even got her last name, like wtf)

So this was my story I felt I would share here :)