My boyfriend to himself out loud while I am on the phone with him.. Last night I was talking to my boyfriend about a struggle we are currently having in our relationship, long story short it whenever I present a new idea or show interest in something new he goes off about how stupid it is then 5 minutes later he realizes that he agrees with me. He does a full 180. The problem here is that before he even has a chance to think about what I am talking about he automatically assumes that I'm wrong about whatever it is.

So I told him that it is hurtful when he does that and I asked him why he does that. He told me that he ''does not know''. This is not the first time that I had brought this exact issue to his attention and gotten a ''I don't know'' excuse. So I told him that his ''I don't know'' feels like a cop-out.

Then when I am still on the phone with him... He starts talking to himself for a solid 5 or more minutes. It sounded to me like he was talking to someone so I asked him who it was and he said he was talking to himself. So he starts talking to himself about reasons why he assumes I'm wrong so often. I can't hear him very well because it seemed that he turned away from the mic but I could still hear him talking about me.. in front of me. At the end of him talking to himself, he hits me with another ''I don't know'' and says he's sorry. I ask him what he's sorry for and he says basically another I don't know and that he thought he didn't do anything wrong.

Then he asks me if I was listening to him talking to himself. I tell him not really because usually thoughts are private so I just waited for him to be done. He sounded a tiny bit offended that I wasn't listening to him talk to himself. I told him that if he wanted me to listen then he could have talked to me.. not himself. This isn't the first time he's done the whole ''Talking to himself'' thing when in the middle of a conversation with me. He says that everyone does it but I don't believe that.

It makes me uncomfortable when he leaves me in the call for sometimes almost 10 minutes while he has a conversation with himself. I mean I'm not the only one that thinks that it's a bit weird right?