I destroyed a friendship So, as many of y’all can know, high school is a hard time. And, especially finding a girl can be difficult. However, I found a girl I like and asked her out. She said yes, but 2 days later she said she didn’t want to because she didn’t want a breakup to make us not friends anymore. At the time, I was devastated because I had liked her for 2 years and had never told anyone how I felt about them. The day she said yes I made self devotion and was happy and complete. Due to quarantine it was over text(probably a mistake) and I was gonna ask her out in person when we got back in person. However, I tried to accept this and I couldn’t. Now I go back to school trying to do everything with her and she told one of my good friends that I’m being creepy with how she can kinda see how I could still like her. So, I got myself stuck in a situation where I really want to spend time with her as a friend, but really don’t wanna be creepy about it. I am sent into deep depression because I can’t do anything about this. The only thing I can do is give it more time which is hard for me because I can’t let go of my desire to be around her all the time without it seeming weird. I have no idea why I want to be around her, but I just can’t help it. I feel like i’m stuck in this unrelenting hell where she will neglect me and I can’t do things with her unless someone else is there. I realized while thinking about these things that I have very few really close friends and realized I would need to become friends with her friends to be able to hang out more. The only issue is that it can be weird to want to be friends with someone who you used to know and never showed a desire to talk to and then all of a sudden act like best friends. This is one of the main struggles in my life when it comes to making friends and it could be because I’m too caring about what other people think about me. I am stuck in a very dark place right now and want a way out of it. A way for me to be friends with her without wanting and feeling like I should be with her all the time. Can y’all please and may I plead on my knees that y’all can give me some advice for this issue. This is a very abnormal thing in my life and especially at the start of the day when I see none of my friends I start to think i’m going to die alone and never get married. Is there anything I can do to move on and enjoy life? Is there anything I can do to move past this life crisis and depression or maybe fix our friendship? Sorry for the fit, but life is just long and hard. And sometimes I really need to see a point to it.