The terms "black" "white" are terms that don't really make sense and need to be eliminated When you look at the world, you'll find out that not everything is so "black" white" "asian" ect, as it may seem/look. One day i was just looking at pictures of people when i stumbled across this pucture of a white girl with red hair, who seemed to have 4 a,b,c (i don't exactly know which since im not all knowing of hair) hair. Aka a black persons hair. I thought, hmmm, never saw a white person with this type of hair before. I then scrolled down further on google images to see another white person with dark brown hair and a fro, and the texture as my hair. I was even more suprised. Than i searched white people with fros to find a bunch of them. Which really intruiged me because ive never people like this before. Another time i was looking at pictures of asians. I then came across something that said, east asians are not poc, from a person who is obviously very political. And i thought that was strange, i thought a poc was anyone but a white person lol. So i looked up pictures of east asians to find out that they don't look like your average asian person. Nor do people like indians. Which made me think that do poloneisians, or any "asian" pacific islanders view themselves as asian? There have been tons of other time like how i mistaked a mexican for a white person (wasn't your average pale) and other times to somalis having straight hair, and middle easterns having fros. Basicially what im saying is that the terms "black" "white" "asian" are terms that don't really make sense once you look into them. Ive heard people think that indians arent  asians at all. To white spaniards not being white because they don't look white. Ive heard africans, say they arent black because they don't view themselves the same way black americans view themeselves (to which i kinda agree as a black american myself)These terms were made to group people together in order to construct them. In reaility i think people should only refer to each other by nationalities and not "black" or "white". Because there are people who make assumtions about a whole wopping community that isnt true.