I need some help So my step sister (whose in the same grade and class as me) posted a very embarrassing thing on our class gc about some guy and I. I’m a very shy person it took my a long time to break out of my shell and now all that progress is ruined and I never want to open up to anyone ever again. After she posted the video I left the gc and asked her why she would do that and she kept saying “oh it was a joke” or “everyone’s taking it as a joke!” But should I think it’s a joke if everyone else is? She’s posted that without my knowing and my permission and after that all I did was ask her to respect that I want her to ask me but she laughed in my face. My stepdad confronted her and she said she was trying to understand what I was feeling but if she did she would have apologized and respected my boundaries, but she hasn’t. Now my little sister and her are acting like it’s my fault I’m mad at her and that I’m in the wrong and honestly they’ve convinced me that I am. Even though it’s only been three days the two nights after what happened I’ve been crying myself to sleep because of it, asking myself “why do I have to ruin everything?” They’re (my step and bio sister) are talking about me behind my back. I’ve been diagnosed with social anxiety and I’ve told them about it and how I’m very sensitive about people talking about me behind my back but they don’t care, they don’t care that they’re making me live my worse nightmare. I don’t want to go to school. I loved it at school because they had such a nice environment and I had friends there and now I don’t even want to step foot in there. The bad thing is is that she knows a lot of things about me that I wouldn’t tell anyone there because I had trusted her and opened up to her so I’m afraid that she’ll reveal those things too. It’s really hard for me to trust people because of events earlier in my life. The thing is I was definitely not in the right place before I met my step family but now I feel the exact same way, friendless and alone.