I'm scared and confused about my future. Please help me I know this is going to be a vague post but I'm struggling a little right now. In better words, confused physically, emotionally, mentally, in every way. I'm 17 at the moment, and all I ever think about is my future. Like where am I going, who I will be, how much I will make, etc. I'm very materialistic so how much I make, the lifestyle I have, etc is of the up-most importance. I've always noticed that I have a different mindset, way of thinking, and course of action than most of my peers. 

&amp;#x200B;

My question is what the fuck am I destined for? I think I'm decently successful right now but that's right now. Right now when I'm 17, when things don't matter as much. What I do right now to prepare for my future most likely won't stick around into my future. I spend so much time thinking about the habits of the successful, the daily lives of the rich, and the mindsets of the gurus we see everywhere about everything to do with money. I'm going to later list a few things I have going for myself and I would sincerely appreciate it if someone can maybe give me some kind words, giving me some insight into what I can do or change. In no way am I trying to flex anything despite a lot of what will follow will be about money or shiny objects. I really just need some affirmation that I have a chance to be successful in life. 

&amp;#x200B;

Things going for me:

I've been lifting almost daily since I was 13

This summer, I worked 50+ hours a week as a 16-year-old which led me to purchasing my 1990 Corvette as a 16-year-old. Cars are my passion, and I realize lots of kids don't know their passion. For this, I feel very fortunate.

I am very entrepreneurial. I like to buy and sell things to make a profit. I recently sold a 175 dollar purchase for 1000.

I actively pursue to be better in every way at every moment. Do things to the best of my abilities. 

I don't get the best grades but I take AP classes. My cum. GPA is about 3.0. I plan to go to college for business.

Does any of that mean anything? Can someone who isn't me gain any insight into what my future may look like just from what I've said?