I'm 18, awful with girls, can't read them and want to know if I'm overthinking this  For starters - I hope this is the right place to ask.. and I always make girls this incredibly awkward thing and don't know why. I avoid talking about them with family and friends and I hate it.

My best mate earlier in lockdown gave a girl my snap, told her to add me.  I told him I wasn't really interested in a relationship, and didn't add her. He said fair enough, and he respects that. The next day though this girl added me on snap. I asked him he he gave her my snap, he said yeah hope you don't mind. I said it was find but I stick to what I said the day before. She then followed me on insta the following night. 

Now I've asked a few people about this, most ( guys and girls ) seem to think my mate handed me her on a platter and I was completely blind. I didn't think it was THAT obvious but whatever I guess.  

Yesterday, me and my best mate were training. Afterwards we were just chatting outside. He told me about a girl he'd recently become FWB with out of the blue. Then he changes subject from her suddenly to this same girl. He says I should talk to her, pop up, see what I think of her. I shrugged and said the same thing - "I'm not really looking for a relationship right now." and he responds "Yeah, she's not looking for a relationship either." and smirks. So I prodded and asked some vague questions. He joked about \*all the things she's heard about me\*. I asked him if he's told her \*all of those things\* and he just laughs. I just said "Right so when she pops up to me randomly I know who sent her?" and he says "I mean, do you want her to pop up to you?", smiles and walks off.   

So, best case scenario here? Like I said I'm shit at reading girls and shit at reading things in general. I've never spoken to this girl IRL, or over text, and have seen her once and we smiled. What are they trying to get at? Might she want something? Based on the not wanting a relationship bit, could that be FWB? Just looking for some general thoughts really before I overthink the fuck out of this probably meaningless thing.  

thanks :)