Here's how to pull an all nighter. So if you're like me, during coronacation, your sleep schedule has been FUCKED UP, and that can lead to you staying up so late that you pull an all nighter. This is from personal experience, from my successes and my failures attempting to do these such things. Here's some do's and don'ts of your all nighters.

This isn't a guide to help you pull an all nighter for school or the such, it's better used for an all nighter to "reset" your sleep schedule, as I use it for.

#DO

1. *Stay on a caffeine buzz.* Caffeine keeps you awake and blocks adenosine, which sends tired signals to your brain. If you take too much and don't keep that high, you can crash REALLY HARD, ultimately failing the all nighter.

**Caffeine route may not be for everyone, the danger of holding a caffeine high through an all nighter is the usual 400mg guideline is easily exceeded.**

2. *Eat food, preferably with a high caloric content.* If you take the caffeine route but don't eat food, you only really block getting anymore tired, but not necessarily regain anymore energy. Burning calories is a genuine help to keep you running. The principle of not eating right before bed is rooting in that same idea.

**Be careful not eat too much, this can in turn make you gain some weight, and although it's one day, all-nighters can potentially hinder your metabolism.**

3. *Do move around a good amount, but don't run a full workout,* but don't remain sedentary. If you exert yourself a lot, you will get tired, and the calories you ate can't help that when you've just rapidly burned them. You can't really help it if you do a sport, but if you are doing a sport, you really shouldn't be pulling all-nighters anyway

4. *Stay exposed to cool and perfect whites,* NOT warm white. Cool and perfect whites contain the dreaded blue light that keeps you awake at night. Yet, that's exactly what we want, so go out in the sun, and go turn your phone, TV, monitors, and all that type of stuff rather bright.

**Don't make it too bright, that may hurt your vision**

#DON'T

1. *Do not lie down anywhere you would fall asleep.* This includes your bed and your couch. When you are engineered to fall asleep in your bed, it's rather likely you will fall asleep in it, should you lie there. You also shouldn't get TOO comfy in a couch or recliner because those are also prime locations to end up accidentally falling asleep.

2. *Do not follow any part of a nighttime routine.* As with lying in your bed, you're engineered to get tired and ramped to fall asleep when you do this routine or any aspect of it. Despite it possibly being unhygienic,  don't go on to brush your teeth when it's nighttime. However, this shouldn't apply to your daytime routine because it's the opposite of these described problems.

#Conclusion

Pulling an all nighter should not be done very often, but when it is done, you should do it right so that you don't crash and end up causing a chain of fails that makes your sleep schedule nocturnal. Hopefully this helped somebody. Please comment any ideas I hadn't thought of here. Peace.