I (15m) ran away from my house and I really need help This started two weeks ago. First I'm kinda bad at studies but I'm pretty smart so basically my dad got mad at me cuz I wanted to start my life anew and he beat me up so bad for 2 days and I was in lot of pain physically and emotionally. I then agreed to him. Ik it's not something logically but the point of this is coming soon.

So I left this all in the past and continued to agree to him as I was being illogical fast forward to yesterday I was playing some games while my parents were outside and when they came back they took my phone away from me and asked me to eat and sleep as this was at 7:30pm. I then sat alone in a corner of my room as my parents were obviously angry at me. I wasn't sad but maybe frustrated I guess and then I tried to explain to my dad I was actually studying and started playing games just recently. He obviously never believed that cuz I was honestly a hardcore gamer. Well I said things that made him feel guilty about all the stuff he would do abusing me and then he started beating me again! He punched my face so hard 5 times and it was damn painful and then I took his phone lying on the Sofa and smashed it on the ground twice! He got really mad since it was costly and asked me to leave so I ran.

Next thing I knew I was cycling to his best friends house as fast I could about 2miles away. My mother got worried since she never wanted this. Then I was at their house and my dad's friend called my mom and told her I was here. I went inside their house and his wife and him calmed me down. My mother came about 20minutes later and talked with them and I was with their son in his room and then she told me to stay here while she went home to fix everything with my father. 

So today Morning she came at 7 to take me back and I didn't want to go back since my father was really abusive and left so many bruises on my body. BTW he has done this to my mother as well for personal reasons idk. He gets angry and becomes a devil literally really easily for small things so I came back and boom he packed his bag and was leaving to idk where and my mother was pissed at me like it was my fault I agree a small amount of it was but it was actually my dad! Now they two left and went somewhere and I don't know what to do now. I feel like my dad is taking drugs or something because he's super short tempered and hates me since he's bonding so much with my sister and none with me. I honestly don't know why my mother never divorced him even after all the problems she has faced with him personally. I love my mother and idk my father he's been getting angry really easily lately and I don't wanna live in a prison where I get tortured. I don't if I should call the police or find out why he is being like this. Either way I really need help and all advices would be appreciated to fix this problem as my mother think it's my fault even though my dad caused me the most pain.

TLDR:Beaten my father two weeks ago. Yesterday Beaten up again and forced to leave him and now I've come back and I don't know what to do.

I would really love some advice to fix this since I'm literally broken glass and in so much pain. Thank you all in advance