I (14F) feel like an idiot, I can't get over this boy. Advice please. :) Ok so for context our relationship is pretty much online even from before the whole COVID-19 thing. I'll call him T. (I've posted about him before on r/AITA, it's on my profile regarding a different reason.) We've been friends since last year and we are pretty close. He moved schools at the start of the year. I still have feelings for him, he rejected me ages ago and said he just wanted to be friends. At one point he said he liked me but that he didn't want to be with someone at seperate schools and stuff. (Again this was while ago)

About a few weeks ago T started flirting a lot. I flirted back and it kind of escalated. It eventually turned explicit. I asked for some clarity because I felt confused about how to feel (but it wasn't very clear on my part) anyway, he didn't really answer and started being distant. My friend encouraged me to just block him because I've been struggling to move on for so long and well he can be toxic. So I did- except amazingly my self-control is weak as hell and I ended up unblocking him like an idiot a day later. 

He confronted me about blocking him and got really upset. I apologised but he ignored me and was being pretty rude. I can get really anxious about stuff like this, I tend to overthink and can get physically sick from being anxious- he knows this (thus one of the reaons my friend thinks he's toxic and I know I should listen to her but my stupid feelings get in the way). Then it went back to normal. Until like about two days later where he started flirting. Except it was explicit. We continued and it escalated. He kept asking for nudes and well after hesitating (I kept listing why I shouldn't and he kept asking) I eventually gave in. They were partially nude, I did block out part of my face so you can't really tell it's me. He asked for more but I said I wanted to go to sleep (it was like 2am) and went to bed. I woke up to some texts from him. 

It went along the lines of "hey, I'm really sorry but I have to tell you about something" and he retty much went on to say that if either of us got caught we'd get in huge troble (we both come from highly religious asian families, I have very strict parents) and he thinks we should stop. He apologised and I said it was ok and thanked him for being honest. We had a conversation like normal and everything seemed ok. I kinda foolishly texted him again last night sand something along the lines of "hey would it be ok if I still flirted sometimes lol" again, he didn't really give a direct answer. I left it at that. I havent texted him since and nor has he but I feel really stupid. 

I know I can't go back in time and change it. But this guy is literally constantly living rent free in my brain. If I'm being honest with myself here even though I don't want to admit it, he pretty much was only super attentive/involved in the conversation when I was flirting with him. I'm pretty sure that I'm nothing more then a friend to him and well oop- I'm not that important. Everything feels so bittersweet. Everyone is telling me tthat I'm worht so much more and I should just feel happier with myself andmove on. Easier said then done and I don't want to block him again to deal with it. 

I just feel really really stupid and annoyed with myself at this point. I know I'm worth more then this. If you need any extra context please ask.