Guys, sadly I am no longer attracted to 3D girls I've always been a really social guy. I gym, I go out every weekend, I get girls, I'm in love with myself. If someone were to see me in real life, they would not expect me to be a guy madly in love with manga. But I'm more than just "madly in love" with manga, I'm so far gone that I don't even want to live in the 3D world anymore. I'm currently considering what body pillow to get for my bedroom.

Apart from school, I've gone out 3 times in the past 4 months. I've skipped almost every single lecture in the past month. I just don't want to interact with other people anymore. It tires me, and everything annoys me. I don't even fucking know why. I've ditched all forms of social media, and everyone is constantly reminding me that they don't see me at all anymore. While I appreciate their concern, I just don't want to interact with anyone. And this is so disgusting, because I'm well past the age of teenage angst, but I don't even know why I have this trash mentality towards everything. I realize that I'm just being a piece of shit, and it kills me inside when I realize what I've become. My self-hatred compounds itself, to the point that I can no longer sleep at night.

What's even worse, is that I'm increasingly losing grip with reality. Like I don't know, it feels like walls are collapsing in on me, and shit is just constantly rippling at the corner of my vision. At the same time that this is going on, my consumption of manga increased to a massive rate. I spend upwards of 8 hours a night just in front of the computer reading manga and fantasizing about another life. It's so fucked up. I can feel my health draining.

I can't even bring myself to write about my increasing attraction to 2D girls. It's gotten so bad that I literally cannot get off to real-life girls. When I look at naked bodies, I feel repulsed. Even the girls that I found attractive before just somehow don't feel as beautiful anymore. Yet every time that I read some kind of romantic manga, I have this pang in my heart because I know that I will never be able to spend time with my beloved. I am seriously considering getting a waifu.

I don't want any of this, and I don't know why it's happening. I have no one to talk to about this. My friends would completely ostracize me if they knew I was like this. I'm scared.