My encounter with a Fer De Lance (one of the 10 deadliest snakes in north/central America) So I was on vacation in Costa Rica, and we were staying in a 75 foot tall tree house. And there was a pool, about a five minute walk from the treehouse. So on day 2 of the 7 day trip, I decide to go down to the pool. I grab my towel, sandals, and sunscreen, then continue to walk down the trail. My siblings and cousin were already at the pool, and I decide to explore (the pool was in a ravine) and my sister says “Don’t do it, you don’t know what’s out there, you might get hurt!” I look at her and say “Since when do you care about me?” And I jump down into the ravine. I look around, nothing interesting. I look at my feet, pretty nice pile of leaves next to my left foot. But that pile of leaves started *moving* and *hissing*, at this point I basically shat my soul out through my ears. I was paralyzed of fear. The snake looked me in the eye, I was thinking “*if I move, I’ll get bit, if I don’t move, I’ll get bit*” and I was panicking on the inside. My cousin looks over and says “Holy hell thats a snake! Help him out!” As he proceeds to grab a stick and slap the snake with it, directing the snakes vision towards him, I start running to the deck, and the snake bites at my heel, missing my shoe my centimeters. My cousin keeps poking it to distract it, the snake bites the stick and hold on, my cousin runs with the stick and sets it down about 40 feet away from where we were. My brother grabbed my cousins phone and took a picture of the snake, and after we got up to the tree house, we told our parents what happened. My mom started freaking out and my uncle was impressed and mad at my cousins actions. My uncle wanted to ground my cousin for poking the snake with a stick, but decided not to because he saved my life. My mom just said “I’m glad you’re okay” and that’s it. We showed the photo of the snake to the property owner and he said “Oh yea, that’s a Fer De Lance, if you were bit, and went untreated for two hours, you’d be dead.” So I was extremely grateful for my cousin.


So, Jacob, thank you for having balls of steel, or else I’d be dead.