What songs remind u of the people that broke ur heart? So, it's no secret that songs can effect us emotionally and remind us of those people that broke our hearts whether it be lyrically or just associated memories. I'm just curious what songs remind u of them and why. Heres my little list

All the songs on my album that I wrote about her, obviously remind me of her (I'm not linking it cause this isnt an ad for my music lol. But if you're interested hmu and I'll send a link and/or explain the songs lyrics and history in depth)

Peach Scone by Hobo Johnson-a friend introduced me to this song a few days before she rejected me. Interestingly it's a song about unrequited love.. how fitting

Any Linkin Park song, but especially Numb, In the End and Hit the Floor-she introduced me to Linkin Park. It was her favorite band. I mostly listened to Numb and In the End at first. Hit the Floor was her favorite song by them tho

Any song by The Weeknd, but especially False Alarm, Hardest to Love, and Blinding Lights- she loves The Weeknd. Literally only hours before she rejected me we were sitting together on a bus, and she showed me the music video for False Alarm cause I'd never seen it before and she liked it...it wasnt until months later that i found the song again. Hardest to Love...idk soemthing about it lyrically was interesting to me, and it was the first song off his new album that she posted on her insta story. Idk why Blinding Lights sticks with me, it just does

A lot of Lifehouse songs-I was listening to a lot of lifehouse at the time that I was kind of "pursuing her" because I was fucking in love and they have so many songs about falling in love...in fact i really liked Falling In for that reason

Intensify by The Violet Stones-came out only a couple days after she rejected me, the day all the emotions really hit me the hardest and I finally kind of realized just how hurt I was

Losing My Religion by REM-the first time listening to this song after she rejected me, somehow the lyrics just finally clicked with me and I instantly understood it. Looked it up and sure enough I understood it right. It's a song about unrequited love

Sitting, Waiting, Wishing by Jack Johnson-similar thing to the REM song. Plus I was listening to it a lot when visiting Colorado. Colorado was something me and her had in common. She was from there and I was born there and have family there. Plus, my dad worked in the same town she had moved from

I Love You by Billie Eilish-I still cant decide if I associate this song with her or not. It makes me cry everytime I hear it cause it sounds so sad and emotional and its very heartbreaking. So I really only listen to it when I'm in the mood to cry so maybe that's the only reason I associate it with her, is cause I listen to it when I'm feeling sad or heartbroken