my advice to you, with a long story ok so its been like three months and i posted last night but i wasnt sure if i got it through or not, so im going to give you a bit of a story, so yeah...

Early this year, in february, i started dating the person i believed was the most amazing and perfect and beautiful girl ever.  We were so good for each other, we showed affection well, and we were pretty open with each other.  Later, though, i noticed some things, but didnt think about them too much, because i was so happy.  The girl, who ill call "D", was jealous of pretty much any girl i talked to, whether i had liked them or not.  I didnt see this as a problem, and things started to get more serious, with lots of kissing and cuddling, and also with more jealousy.  I hated not being able to properly talk to anyone, but i wanted to keep D, so I went along with her "rules".  I didn't see that she had problems of her own that needed to be solved before she should date anyone else.  I didn't see a lot of stuff, and I deeply regret our relationship now, despite the love and care that we once gave each other.   


After a while, we had problems, broke up, and she immediately started dating someone else.  This someone, who shall remain named as "M", was someone who openly disliked me, and who i personally didnt care for. A couple of months pass, and now we're into august, the breakup being in june.  We get back together, and once again i think im happy, this time because im more spiting my parents than anything.  my mother hated D, and i didnt understand why until later, when i realized that she was actually right.  D and I broke up again, and completely severed ties with each other.  For a few days, I was convinced that I was an ass and that everything was my fault and that I should just kill myself.  A little later, though it became clear that it was really her that was the ass, and not me.  Now, since august 27th, ive been happy with a girl "C".  I'm hoping that I dont hurt her in some way, but D has still affected me, and i can still hear her words echoing at this moment.  "All you do is hurt people, you really are just an ass".  Those aren't exact, but they're a compilation of things shes said to me before, and I still think shes right.  I'm terrified for C, and i feel guilty for being terrified, for believing the toxic lies that I was given.

&amp;#x200B;

My point here is that if any of you are in a toxic relationship, you need to back out.  I have no tolerance for pain, and yet I nearly killed myself with wrist slashes after I realized how bad she was.  Weird things partners do, strange ways of showing affection, like extreme insulting, physical abuse (D used to jab me in the ribs or kick my shins), or extreme jealousy may all be signs of this.

Im not gonna parent you, tell you what you can and cannot do

I'm just gonna tell you that its better to know the person before you date them, else you might find that they are...not the person you thought they were.  If you dont know how to back out, message me, give me the situation, i might be able to help (or go onto r/askreddit and ask, im sure they have plenty of ideas)  


Good luck to all of you, with all of your relationships, and I promise, no matter what, there is someone perfect for you out there, look in unlikely places, they might be there...  


tl,dr: From personal experience, if you think a relationship might be toxic, back out