Feel pretty rubbish about myself rn I'm pan/ace female in a relationship with a straight/ace male, and my sister is bi in a relationship with a bi male.



My sister is very loud and proud about her sexuality and LGBT issues, whereas her boyfriend and myself are more closeted. Nothing wrong with either of those, but sometimes she likes to throw it in your face a bit, and constantly talks about how sexy/fit/attractive girls are in front of her boyfriend, which apparently he feels bad about (and I'm sure if he was talking about dudes she'd be upset). 



She claims to understand LGBT and mental health issues with her activism, but if you mention a problem, she'll often make fun of you / make a joke which isn't funny.



Basically my town have pride flags up at the moment, and I was upset because I hadn't seen a pan or ace flag yet. I saw a NB flag today (possibly questioning if I'm NB atm but only a few people know) and it made me happy. 



We walked past and I said 'guess the flag' and she was like 'non-binary' and I was like 'yeah' all excitedly. As a joke, I pointed out the rainbow flag and asked her to guess (because everyone knows that flag) and she said 'stop trying to pretend like you're gayer than me', which really hurt. I'm not as open about my sexuality, and I've never been with another gender apart from male so it made me really upset.



We then walked past a pan flag and I freaked. I was so happy because I hadn't seen one yet! And I was saying how cool it was and she was like 'I'd call myself pan but I can't be arsed'... Like, what?? Then went to say how she can label herself what she likes. Of course she can, but it's weird that she'd say that as if being pansexual is a bad thing.



And finally, I said 'now we have to find an asexual flag', and she said 'yeah but remember asexuals don't exist'. I was like WTF, and she said it was a joke. Not very funny, is it?! See what I mean about showing how she cares for the community but then makes a remark like that? It happens constantly. Especially with my mental health triggers. 



Nothing she said today was funny. None of it. I can't believe she had the audacity to say that and invalidate both me and my boyfriend.



On mobile so sorry for the format. I kinda need cheering up.