My friends will get called simps if they hang out with me There are two girls in my class. 
I'm one of them. 
I made a lot of friends in my class. 
They were very nice to me and made me feel cared for. 
I was always nice to them. 
But then one of the guys in my class started talking a lot with the other girl. 
And since that they started calling guys who talked to us simps just because we're girls. 
I'm not joking, I know how ridiculous it sounds, when a guy in my class told me that I thought he was joking. So I would understand if someone wouldn't take me seriously. 
It's not that they dislike us, they really did like us, they would ask if we wanted to eat and hang out with them. 
But whenever I say hi and ask how they've been or sth they ignore me. 
They used to talk a lot with us but now they are pressuring us to start talking to them because they're scared. 
I feel pressured because distance builds walls, at first I thought I had done something wrong and that's why they act so cold towards me. So I started to feel scared and worried around them. 
It was just a lot to take in, knowing that they won't talk to me become of something I can't change. 
I shouldn't waste time on being with people like that but it just hurts a lot to loose people you loved and cared for so much. 
I was pretty lonely before high school too ( you start hs when you're 16 here) I didn't make friends in my class for 6 years before hs because I didn't share interest with anyone. 
And I realized that I was gonna end up alone again. 
And that thought is hurting me too. 
I try my best to keep it together and just focus on the friends I have left and how I should be there for them. 
I was dealing with social anxiety before hs but my classmates helped getting over it and as I finally became more social, they just left me. I was lifted up and then I had to hear that and it just crushed me. 
I try and study but I can't focus, it just feels so overwhelming, idk what to do. I just want to get over it so I can be there for my friends and be able to study.