How I feel about life I don't usually use Reddit, but I really wanted to get something off my chest and a discord friend recommended that I use this as a platform to express myself. Recently I attempted opening up to a female friend who I loved, she was everything to me. Its not like I am ugly, or just boring infact id say I'm an asset and something quite special and valuable (I do alot of art and photography and make music). So yeah, I'm not like most vapid stupid chads and I'm quite alt and a few girls have told me I'm quite attractive. 
But onto the main story, I thought she was amazing, smart, beautiful, she was a 10/10. We used to have so many inside jokes, no one would get us it was like we were the only two who understood each other :). I thought we had something so special and amazing and I thought she definitely wanted to date me. So I asked her out and she basically said no and that she still wanted to be friends with me. 

I was devasted I really thought we were going to get married and I loved her so much. After that day we stopped talking for a week and didn't see each other as things were too awkward our friend groups would hang a little less. But a week later we decided to have a get-together and I saw her again. She has transformed into something else, she was all of a sudden mean and really not good looking and forgot all our inside jokes, she said so many dumb things and was really annoying. It was like she transformed all of a sudden now that she had nothing to do with me. Im so glad we didn't get together she is so disgusting and hard to look at, me and my friends all just make fun of her she is so gross. She was literally acting the whole time we were together and shes so gross in real life.

Ever since then I got with one of her friends and we are dating but she is not anything like what me and her had before she became weird. I just think most woman my age are so fake and really want to find someone who understands me and accepts me for who I am and doesn't act in front of me.