I’d rather be dead I can’t believe I’m resorting to a Reddit post to try and voice these things but I just can’t find a way to articulate it to another person face-to-face. I can’t talk to anyone about myself and try to understand what is making me this way, mainly because I’m too damn scared to do so. I Feel like I put on a facade every time I talk or even smile at someone, like nobody really knows me. I’m a ghost.
I never sleep, I’ve been running on 4hrs of rest for the past two years, both in and out of school. On the weekends I’ll sleep until like 2pm, rinse and repeat. I never get anything done, my grades are slipping. I have a D in physics and algebra and my mother and father will never cease to keep scolding me about it, I want to fix it but always end up procrastinating and saying “I’ll just do it tomorrow”. 
I rarely ever talk to anyone anymore, my 2 closest friends are now dating each other and are always doing stuff without me, not to mention their both 5x the student I am. There are a few other people I talk too but they are never available. This is all made 10x worse by doing school from home this year.
I have nothing to be proud of, nothing to show for myself. I haven’t even worked my first job yet or gotten my drivers license and mom + dad always tease me and nullify my arguments or requests with that fact. 
My father is nice to me most of the time but has an explosive anger that will flare up at the slightest things, like soda cans in the fridge being warm. He routinely throws adult tantrums, has not hurt anyone or broken anything though. Whenever I try to talk to him about my problems he insists it’s all my fault and I should just get off my ass and try harder, that I don’t care about my future at all, which just isn’t true. He thinks it’s funny to automatically blame me for when anything in the house goes missing or stops working, assuming I somehow broke it. I feel leagues more comfortable talking to my mom, but she’s always working and rarely free to talk to. 
I feel completely lost and have no idea where I want to take my life. Im scared that I’m running out of time to chose a direction to go in and I’ll be screwed sooner or later. This is only made worse by my mother pressuring me to chose a path NOW. 
Almost nothing makes me happy anymore, I’m always stressed and anxious now. It’s like and endless cycle that resurfaces each day. I’m regularly thinking about suicide, how it would finally make everyone understand. Make everyone feel sorry they never asked how I was doing. I have no history of hurting myself, and haven’t really gotten close to doing it at all, but I’m talking myself into it. I don’t want to do it, I really don’t, I’m scared I’ll convince myself though. 

I just want it all to stop.