A Story About Toxic Relationships I have decided to share my story on reddit, to remind people that toxic relationships very much exist, even at a young age, and that you should look for support if you are in a middle of one.   
Back when I was a little younger (12,13), I met someone. I quite quickly fell for her, despite what my mates said about her. She only lived up the road, and we both walk dogs to the park, so I thought I'd talk to her. (I couldn't bring myself to do it, but it didn't matter cos she talked to me first anyway.) We get on, and a few days later I'm asked out. Seems pretty legit atm  
It started off okay at first, we met up, went park, etc etc, but then things changed. She started becoming a little too obsessive. She'd constantly want to see me, and when we did, she also started becoming violent. First case, I had a chocolate bar thrown at my face "as a joke" (btw it HURT). I made a mistake and decided to ignore the red flags.  
It continued getting worse. She kept slowly becoming more violent, to the point I was slapped at least everyday, and I almost got knocked out by a rock thrown at my head by her. Again, "as a joke". She also became more sexual, and things weren't looking too good. I made the same mistake again and decided to shrug it off.  
It was basically abuse now. She'd steal my phone deleting every contact, force me to meet her, full on punch me, and stop me seeing my friends. She'd also always make me look like the bad one. I was scared. I always hated telling people about my problems, and had always seen it as unnecessary. But I decided I had to. I told my mum, she adviced me to break up with her, near the house so if things got violent I could retreat inside. And I did. We broke up.  
It doesn't end there tho. A day after, I found out she was also cheating the whole time too. Not with one guy, but 7. About a week later, rumors are spreading that I sexually assaulted her. Apparently she'd told everyone at her school, just to make me seem like the bad guy. She would also continue to stalk me, and call out threats. Police were informed.  
As of today, I have zero contact with her.  
Please, notice the red flags, and do something about it. If you are in a toxic relationship rn, tell a parent or police. Things will only get worse otherwise. You don't deserve it.