I think I like this girl, and I think she likes me hi! I (14M, yes ik I'm a baby) have been to a couple of (socially distant) gathering recently with my classmates. There's this one girl who i havent seen since march last year that went to both of them. We both used to like each other a year or so ago, but we became nothing more than friends. For my sake, let's call her TK. 

Last year, we sometimes talked to each other in class and there was only sorta playful-insulting that we threw around but it wasn't with a bad intent, just 2 friends. Keep in mind we weren't very close. I always thought she was pretty attractive and since March I've had a big glow up, I've grown taller, voice changes and other puberty stuff. 

During dinner, she said I had really nice hands (which I've heard is a big compliment) and during both gatherings she wasn't doing any of the playful insulting like she was before, and she kept flirtatiously giggling at a lot of things I said, and TK couldn't hold eye contact for too long either. During that same dinner, we sat facing each other and I realised that this girl was surspringly cool and way different than I thought she was. I live in a middle Easter country with not too many cases so I could theoretically go on a few dates with her if we do end up having a romantic relationship. 

But here's the thing: we never talk online, and she is in a different group at school so we don't see each other at school. So my plan was to send TK a message saying hi or something on most days just to spark conversation. I was talking to my friend (13F) and she said that I shouldn't send her any funny videos or anything, or I might risk getting friendzoned, which has happened loads of times. I think I should just talk to her, then once I know she likes me, ill ask her out. 

Help would be appreciated reddit, and keep in mind we are all underage so don't write anything stupid. She also has arab parents so they might be strict.  What should I do? And does she like me? Peace out for now.