dont mind me, just gotta vent for a minute even though im a happily quarantined introvert attending online school, 2020 has still been rough, as it has for everyone. i seriously think this year is cursed. ive been insecure, lonely, depressed, and constantly anxious for years now, although its all been going quickly downhill recently. despite how happy i was to be free from attending irl school, i found myself missing the little social connection/affection that i was getting. that emptiness and longing has been growing faster and faster; i cant stop thinking about having a loving relationship, and every time it pops in my head, it eventually leads to thoughts of inadequacy because i feel like i'll never have one. i cant stop judging myself for how fucking ugly i am - i wish i could just accept it and move on, but its always in the back of my mind gnawing at me. i dont have any real-life friends, ive been fighting with my parents more than ever, and the only person i really trust anymore is my half sister (my only sibling) - but shes 25 and always busy with her own life, so i hardly ever get to speak to her. on top of all this, my mom is a therapist, so i'd feel really guilty asking to see a different one - if i asked, it would probably just lead to a painstaking argument that would leave me in tears again. my mind is in a near-constant state of turmoil, and the only way to cope is to jump from obsession to obsession in order to run away from my thoughts. i have no skills/talents and nothing seems to make me as happy as it used to. i cant stop noticing flaws with myself, i always blame myself for everything, and i cant get rid of this \*\*stupid fucking desire for cuddles.\*\* ive always had trouble expressing myself/articulating my thoughts (which i believe to be a symptom of high-functioning autism, but my mom refuses to get me tested), so i have trouble opening up to people even when i want to. as a result of all of this, i feel like im caving in on myself, and i just dont know how much longer i can last.

if youve made it this far, thanks for reading. sorry if this all seems incoherent or random; i just needed to get this off my shoulders. stay healthy, stay safe. love you all &lt;3