School is bullshit, especially for neurodivergent people No, I'm not a teenager, I'm 22, and I work as a substitute Teacher's Aide, mostly with special education. I'm autistic myself, and all I can say is the way some of these classes are run absolutely piss me off, especially with the stimming. I can not tell you how much energy I've lost from suppressing my stims, energy that probably would have landed me a decent name in the tech industry (now I'm placing all my bets on maybe getting hired by some Mr Hollywood Executive for music shit because that's all the energy I have left) 

And here the system is essentially putting them through the same shit that's inevitably landing them in the same position: no energy, maybe get lucky... I would even at times consider myself to be more qualified for a lead teacher position, which is saying a lot because I don't consider myself qualified at all.

Einstein once said "if you teach a fish to climb a tree it will live it's whole life believing it is stupid" and I can't think of a better example than a few special education classes I've seen. Oh the God damn irony.

I know that some of you guys are gonna be in a special ed class too, and some of you already are, and I also wanna say, it's not all bad. I've seen some where the kids are more than thriving and I see them as probably getting to do some really great things in the future. I just want you guys to be prepared for those occasions when they're.... Not...

And just so I don't leave you with a giant rant about things that might affect you with no solutions, one decent way to release stims is to sort of divert them into your wrists and have your hands just turn a bunch of times- kind of like an electric tooth brush where it looks like it's spinning but not really. It releases more stims in less time and it's also no more distracting than the constant leg shaking that usually happens. Hope this helps someone.

Btw, no one noticed how pissed I was because I've been supressing it the whole time.