I need help Hello Guys, 

My name is Steven, I‘m 18 years old and live in Germany
I want to tell you a bit about my problems because it may help me..

In may, my mom forced me to move out of our flat until May 31st.
Some Information about the woman who is my biology mother: she‘s getting Hartz 4 and is a alcoholic.(Hartz 4 means she‘s getting money from the government)
My Brothers are the keypoint here, my little brother, didn't go to school for 8 months now, and I criticized him for that and my mom didn't even punish him.
My mother was like „I dont care“ „let him do his own thing“ and so on..
So I tried to do something about it, I took away his Playstation 4 or other stuff like his Switch or Smartpone cause he needed to realise that school is more important than Fortnite. (Fun fact: If a kid ditches school for too long in germany you get a high money debt) 
My mom didn't like that I took his technology away.
She started to support his school ditching.
She bought him a new Playstation 4 after he destroyed his old one cause of Fortnite.
As a comparison, I had to beg my own mom to get money for new clothes. (I didnt get any money btw.)
Since she started to support this, she automatically started to isolate me from the „Family“,
She started to let her hate out against me, no normal words anymore, only insults... not even my normal name „Steven“.
She deleted my phone Number completely.
I had to buy my own food with the money from my  18th birthday.
It escalated and she gave me the deadline to get my ass out of her flat, my brother supported this and said things like „fuck off“ and so on.

My mom made me the „sinner of the family“ because I wanted to do my A-Level, get a good life and have fun to live????
I‘m the reason why the family broke
I‘m the reason why they have a bad life 
I don‘t get it.. Because I‘m trying to get a normal life, like I do not want to live with the money of the government and starting to drink alcohol.
Idk what the alcohol did to her brain but she denied my A-Level, the confirmations that the slot is mine on the new school came to my old address (to my „Mother“) and she didnt even give  me the letter or told me about it :)
Now I have no A-Level slot and I have to wait 1 year to apply again.

Now I live with my best friends family who‘re supporting me 100times more than my mother ever did.
They are trying to motivate me but its hard to think so after all the sh*t I went through.

I never had a mother or a father who gave me the Love which I needed.
And I will never get this anymore..
I dont know how to handle this whole situation, it’s a big brain f*ck for me and just a little piece of my problems, because my Life is too long to tell everything.
Hopefully I can find someone who can relate or can give me some tips.

Have a good day guys.