Will it be too much? &amp;#x200B;

I have a semi mild case of depression. It can be worse at some days compared to others. I think part of  is how much I hold things, and another part could be the whole quarantine thing. After this all is over I won't be returning to school. I've already felt the effects of quarantine so being locked up all day because of homeschooling doesn't sound fun. I don't have a way to contact anyone I know irl, I could create a Facebook account but I'm not suppose to have one. Basically I have no way to talk to anyone and I probably wont for a bit. So because of this I resort to online friends.

Online friends I've, been working on reconnecting with some people I know but idk sometimes I feel as if it's just strange trying to reconnect to someone. Plus I don't know what is the right time to message them. There are 2 I talk to daily and I enjoy being their friends but I'm the type of person who if I see a problem I want to fix it. And before I focus on myself, I want to fix said problem to some degree.

I know it's terrible to take on others problems but these 2 people deserve to know that they matter. They both are going through alot, I am their light I can't burn out they have no one to turn to. Their families are both odd, they can't/don't speak to many people online that can really help them. I've already informed, (Lets refer to them as M) of them about my mental state but I don't know if it was for the better? I feel as if it might effect how much they might tell me. I probably should've waited until it got a little worse. Atleast (new character) W doesn't yet.

In a way I've gotten M to open up about a few things, not many as they're random comments in the day but what if I lose that? I've come so far. I'm afraid that I might lose my opportunity to help. They've been holding it in for so long to keep W happy and yet M isn't. M has to act happy to keep W happy. M knows W hates being serious and after a fight they had because of it M stopped sharing her problems with W. What I'm getting at is M, she has noone to help her. I'm trying to get her to open up but it's not easy.. I don't know exactly how to get her to if this doesn't work. I just want the best for them, bottling it up isn't easy and I noticed 7 days later on a timeline I've made M stopped talking as much so this is effecting her.. And as for how W is, she doesn't open up much as well but I know a little. But she's dealing with I think an abusive grandpa, pain from mom leaving her, and such.

I want to pour the most I can into them but I've been isolated from real people, then took a 2 month break and feel as if I have nothing of importance to share. Ever sense the break I feel as if I've gotten worse at communicating or having anything to talk about. It's also hard to find time to share anything new when my first thought is to help them when I get on. I, rarely find time to expand my horizons when most of said time is devoted to either school or them. If I do try I might get caught up and forget to pop up to speak with them which is something I fear. I've been thinking of making a schedule if I have to but I just hope they understand.

I was attempting to make it as short as possible which I've probably failed at but oh well. This might be lost in the mix but whoever takes there time to read this and reply, thank you. I just, can't hold this in any longer. If I do, I might not be in a good position to help them.