Why are teenagers today so serious, strict, and puritanical? Let me take you back to South Florida in 2009-2011.

We were practically adults. 

I went to a public school and the kind of things we did make the teenagers today resemble priests and nuns. 

In my school and neighborhood, it was common for the girls to experiment with each other sexually ever since Katy Perry's "I kissed a girl" and being "bisexual" was something people would flaunt. 

We had this game called "Spin the Bottle", which our parents also played, but not as intensely as us. So  popular was this game that oftentimes even the most horrifying things would happen. Like a 14 year old girl kissing an 18 year old. So decadent and absurd were the teenagers in South Florida at the time. 

During the school dance, the students would have this thing called "grinding" whereby they packed themselves closely and rubbed on each other. 

The students even had the audacity to buy cannabis from each other while being in school and after class. There was also this substance called "Molly" and the students often took it when Warped Tour came down.

It was a time of prosperity. Facebook and social media were getting more and more popular, and we were also the first generation of teenagers to have phones with cameras. I think you know what that means. 

You have no idea how things were like in those times. Teenagers practically behaved like people in their twenties do today. 

Today's teenagers from my perception are more docile, well-behaved, polite, and restrictive. They listen to more humble music, which doesn't promote outrageous sexual behavior, thug life, and getting fucked up. 

That was another thing we used to do. We would actually defy the law and drink alcohol in each other's parties. Today's teenagers drink the same thing they drank as children all the way to being 17 or 18, which is usually when they start experimenting with alcohol. 

Why is this? Why are teenagers today more restrictive and serious?