How do I talk to this girl at school? I'm looking for advice on how I can approach this girl and start a conversation and stuff. I'll give you a rundown of this all.

So I'm from UK and I'm at my last year in high school. There's this girl I've taken a liking to since we returned in September but we couldn't be more different. She's apart of the 'cool' guys and I'm more of those people who aren't the weirdos but not the cool people. I'm kinda in the middle. I've been in her science class for 3 years but I've only started to notice her properly now as I've had my eyes on another gal for ages but I don't like her anymore. I can't really talk to girls and I freeze up and just mumble stuff and walk away when I talk to them so it's not good, plus, I'm fat as hell but about 6ft so it's not as noticeable and I'm ugly so I'm not really the guy who'd catch your eye. Her on the other hand, is a small girl but she's gotta be the most beautiful girl I've seen and she actually talks to me a little bit and laughs at my jokes, she does it with other guys but it means a lot to me lol, ik it's weird. I also see her when walking home as she goes up the same hill a little with her little bro but I'm with friends and basically the whole school comes too. I don't want to try and talk to her or anything in front of people since that would just be embarrassing for her and me.

I'm looking for something I could ask, for example, I was thinking about saying like, "hey, we got science homework tomorrow" but then I thought about it and me just straight up asking her about homework then leaving is just creepy. I need something that will make her remember it and enjoy it while not being too long or like strange.

I like this girl a lot and I've told myself to just wait it out until I see if she gives me signs or anything that she likes me but I think she might since she hasn't talked to me for the last 3 years but now she like talked to me while I was waiting in the corridor and although she just asked me why I was standing away from the class, I just was like idk then got awkward and started mumbling stuff. Surely that means she wants to atleast talk, idk, she does it to alot of people but not people like me I'm pretty sure.

Sorry for the long as hell post but I just had to say it all and would appreciate anything