I feel like I’ve wasted my life and have nothing to give 
So basically I feel like I’ve wasted my life so far, particularly my teenage years. I’m 18 now and have just realised what I’ve missed, being me. 

I haven’t been able to express myself, I was always too afraid to come out as gay and be me. I’m living an alternative version of me, one that pretends I’m strong, one that pretends I’m not interested in relationships, one that pretends I’m ok. But I’m not ok, I want to be me but I feel like I can’t, I feel like I’ve missed the time I was supposed to develop and find myself, instead I still live in a lie. 

I’m sad, pathetic and weak. I’ve lost all my friends and my relationship with my family has deteriorated. I think sometimes I just want to fold myself up as tight as possible and cry, but then I remember my mum tell me that boys don’t cry, boys are strong, but I’m not. 

I’ve failed at everything, I have no skills to speak of and no way to continue my life as it is. I can’t even write properly. I just don’t think there’s much point to my life anymore, I’m just a burden on people. When ever I text people I feel guilty that they have to take time to talk to ME the useless, shy and sad kid. I have nothing to give to the world but I am taking everything. People include me in things not because they want to but they feel they have too.

I’ve resorted to posting pictures of myself on online in an attempt to give me validation, a reason to keep going. But then I look at myself as think ‘what is that why would anyone like that’. People tell me I’m cute but I’m not, at least I don’t think I am. Im just another annoying person filling up space that could be occupied by someone useful. 

I can’t bring myself to keep going, I don’t feel like there’s anything for me here. I don’t want to die, I’m scarred of death but I sometimes think that’s really the only option left. I don’t like to think that I’m depressed, just sad and lonely. 

I’m an imposter in my own body. I want to be able to paint my nails with the girls and go drinking with my buddies but I don’t have any buddies to talk of. I’m just lonely, sad, and useless. 

I don’t really know why I’m writing this here, cause I know not many people will see it, I know people will just say empty words to make me feel better, I know I’m just waisting mine and everybody else’s time just like I’ve wasted my life. I have no confidence and no friends and no skills. 

I have nothing to give but take everything, that’s what I tell myself. I want to cry but boys don’t cry. I want to go but I’m scarred.