tHe LeAsT aTtRaCtiVe rAcE Obv posting on my secret alt, hell nah I ain't posting this on my main. 

This is prolly gonna be weird but uhh ig basically some things people say just stick with you for some odd reason. Context, I'm a 16 year old guy born in Canada and raised in California. My parents are both immigrants, my mother from Bangladesh and my father from Pakistan. I guess I identify more towards the Pakistani side and my looks reflect that. This happened in 8th grade in the locker rooms while i was changing into my PE clothes. Some guy I knew (not rlly friends, just knew each other in PE) randomly comes up to me and says, "Dunno man, indian people (close enough to me ig) are just the least attractive race, it's just true man, I feel bad for you". I didn't give it much thought initially, but I remembered it a lot for some reason. I guess I never really had anything in my life to contradict it. The more I thought about it, the more it felt true. I always felt like the girls I liked were wayyy outta my league. Deep down I know the whole league thing is bs, but it still changes how I think about my body image. I have 3 brothers. My older brother has a decent build, and then there's my twin brother who goes to the gym and is jacked. Then there's me, the skinny guy with no muscle or anything. I have eczema scars on my arms and face that my parents always tell me to "take care of" and it hurts. I have scoliosis too so my shoulders don't line up with ny hips and my stride is kinda funky. I guess I should say that I don't think I'm *ugly*. Not by any means. But just compared to the people around me, I just feel like the odd one out, the one with no looks. Most of my friends are asian and a lot of them have been asked out already. Then there's me who's 0-6. It's become a joke within my friend group and I laugh it off, but i think about it sometimes, and it almost seems like evidence for what that one guy told me in 8th grade: "Dunno man, indian people (close enough to me ig) are just the least attractive race, it's just true man, I feel bad for you". I have nothing to disprove that statement and it's killing me on the inside. There goes my rant, I hope y'all are doing better than I am.