I think my friend (F) is being used by her boyfriend (also friend) to get closer or to make my other friend (Also F) jealous. Ok, ok I know that’s a lot but hear me out

The boyfriend (whom I’m going to name David) moved to my school about 2 weeks ago. David already knew one of my friends (the one I believe he’s trying to make jealous), who I’m going to call Alisha.

How do Alisha and David know each other? Well they went to the same primary school together, and they both got in contact with each other around last year. David had a crush on Alisha, and there was some feelings there from Alisha too. They never really ended up together, but they were acting like they were boyfriend and girlfriend, and Alisha ended it because she was getting uncomfortable.

Anyway, fast forward a year, David moves to our school (NOTE: it wasn’t because of Alisha, he has problems at his old school). On his third day, he meets my other friend, who I’m going to call Jemimah. 

I know for a fact that Jemimah and Alisha are close, and I’m pretty sure that Alisha told David that as they are friends and she was informing him on her friends and stuff (I know that she told him about me) so he knows who everyone is.

Anyway, getting back to the story, according to Jemimah they got talking in class and David said they should hang out after school one time. I’m pretty sure that afternoon, David asks Jemimah out on a date. David told lots of people he was going on a date, including me, and I’m sure one of those people he told was Alisha. To me he didn’t say who, so I assume to Alisha it was the same.
After their date, Jemimah told me that they are a couple, and I believe they were going way to fast. Like, they just met, and they are already together. Doesn’t that seem suspicious??

Now why do I think David is using Jemimah to get closer/make Alisha jealous? Well I have multiple ideas. 

1. I’ve notice that David acts the same around every girl, including Jemimah (I’ve noticed that he doesn’t really act all excited or happy around Jemimah)
2. He talks way more to Alisha than I’ve seen him to Jemimah.
3. He knows that they are close friends.
4. David legit asked Alisha if she wanted to come with them on his and Jemimah’s date (she didn’t go).
5. He doesn’t act all boyfriendy around Jemimah (MEANING: I’ve never seen him hug, hold hands, or do anything like a boyfriend would do with Jemimah)
6. Legit after meeting each other they end up together. That seems way to suspicious.

Can you see what I think here? My point is, I believe that David still has some feelings for Alisha, and obviously he wants to be in a relationship with her, so he’s using Jemimah until he gets his way (which will probably be never).

I think this is the wrong sub to post this on but oh well I need to hear your opinion on this.