Is there such a thing as being too mature for your age? I am afraid I am becoming too much of an adult for my age if that makes sense. Please read the whole text, Thank you. I'm not too good with words so I'll try my best to properly explain this.

I'm (m) 15 years old. White, live in germany. My family is not what you would call loving and supportive. I've been through some things involving them.


 Since the last couple years I have changed so much. I used to be an introverted people-pleaser that would just agree with people if they dissagreed with my opinions which where already almost 100% based on other peoples opinions. I didn't know who I was or wanted to be. I used to copy my friends style and everything because I thought that if what they do is cool I'll just do the same things so I'd be cool aswell. I have moved past that. Although I am still a little introverted I try my best to speak my mind. Since the whole pandemic thing started I've had alot of time on my hands which I've mostly spent on myself. I was just thinking. Thinking about different topics, I listened to peoples opinions. Even the ones I dissagreed with too better understand theire perspectives. I took a step back and viewed the situations in a "3rd person view". I asked myself unconfortable questions like "would someone consider me racist" or "would someone consider me sexist" and things like that. My parents (my siblings aswell but mosty my parents) have racist, sexist, misoginistic, homophobic, etc. views. I have been able to, with the help of the internet, understand that alot of the things they do are not ok.  My parents are abusive and treat me(us) badly, mentally and physically. I have made it my goal to "break the chain" of abuse. In order to do that though I have to decide which views and ideologies I have to completly throw out the window and relearn. I have to question alot of my own thoughts to know if what I am doing is good or bad. And I must admit that I've caught myself thinking racist, homophobic, sexist thoughts and still sometimes do. I have understood thought that I have to let those thoughts happen if I want to discuss them with myself. So theres this black guy, I can't remember his name. He made around 200 KKK members leave their Clan simply by talking with them. He didn't force any opinions on them, he didn't go there with the intent of trying to make them leave, he just wanted to be able to understand their perspectives and also share his. That man has taught me that you can't end something by just shutting it down or ignoring it. People won't just stop believing in their ideology if you tell them to. You need to talk about it with somebody who has a different opinion about a topic than you. You need to always be open minded though, because otherwise it'll go into your left and come out of your right ear. I'd like to consider myself an open minded person, not racist, homophobic etc. 
This is the point where I sometimes ask myself though, am I overthinking it? Am I going too far for my age? Should I just be able to make mistakes as a kid and learn from them instead of exhausting myself with thoughts and the fear that I might be wrong? Am I trying to be perfect?

Your answers and thoughts are greatly appreciated. Thank you for taking your time and reading this. I would also be very interested to know what adults think.