[M18] Finally deciding to get my writing out there. I made a website and am unbelievably proud of myself right now! I've been writing all sorts of things for the past year or so and kind of just letting it let me heal and think deeper about certain things. It's done so much good for me mentally to get things out, I cannot even describe it.

I lost my grandpa, who lived with me, in December and writing (I was working on a pretty long piece already about \[something indescribable. Life, maybe?\] and I ended up incorporating my grief and emotions and processing his loss through the piece), writing helped a lot. Especially writing about memories that I can go back and read and remember him like he's still here...

That piece isn't posted anywhere yet. I'm still going over it and adding and editing and processing.. One day, probably soon, I'll release it. 

But that's just kind of a background to what this post is about. I made a writing website where I've posted most of my other pieces (and am always adding more, and eventually adding the one I mentioned above)! 

I used to be really into coding and put it down entirely a few months ago. I was making video games, not websites, so the fact that I made an entire website from the ground up makes me really, really proud!! It's nothing special, but I like it. And if any of you guys like reading or art, you'd maybe like what's on it.

I've described most of my writings as essays about ambiguous topics that would be inappropriate to write in the standard five-paragraph essay format, and are way more properly represented through fiction/storytelling. That's just some. Others I describe more like paintings (I cannot paint or draw for the life of me, so I use writing to 'paint'). I hope that makes sense. Don't worry if it doesn't.

Anyway, I've rambled too much. I'd love talking to literally anyone, feel free to message me or comment or anything you want. I appreciate it.

Thanks for reading my post &lt;3 here's the site:

[https://www.bjwiestwriting.com/](https://www.bjwiestwriting.com/)

(this is the first place I've posted it, so I'm a bit nervous)