The normalization of fat-shaming is full of misinformation. I constantly see on Reddit this whole normalization of shaming people for their weight, and in real life as well. The logic behind people who justify it is that fat people aren't healthy, and made a conscience choice to not be, so therefore we may judge them.

The truth is, our metabolisms are different, especially when we're young. Metabolism is complicated and has many factors that go into it. As a result, our weight is not always reflective of our health. I am a very skinny person, but I rarely exercise and often eat unhealthy. When I told my friend that I should exercise more, she told me that I didn't need to because I was skinny. This is a perfect reflection of how misinformed people's ideas of health are.

And it's true, diet does contribute largely to weight gain. So let's talk about diets. Do you have any idea how much sugar is in people's diets? The sugar industry has shifted the blame onto foods with higher amounts of fat, when the truth is, fat doesn't have as much to do with weight gain as sugar. For example, while avocados are high in fat, they're actually healthy foods. Meanwhile, added sugar is composed of empty calories that contribute largely to weight gain.

Most of the foods that people can afford are high in sugar. It's easier for poorer people, or just people who want to save money, to buy and eat foods that are high in sugar. And as children, we often don't have a sense of having "enough" sugar, so we don't really realize when to stop eating sugary foods.

This is important because sugar is an *addictive substance.* With all of this highly addictive sugar forced into our diets since we are children, it is difficult to switch to healthier eating habits, especially in America. So as a result, people with certain metabolisms and genetic makeup are prone to weight gain and obesity.

Now lets talk about exercise. Exercise is complicated with many components, and requires dedication to build a routine. But when a lot of teenagers have to go to school and a lot of adults have to work long jobs, it's hard to allocate some time to exercise. You don't know someone's personal life, so don't force them to exercise. Exercise is good and healthy, but it's not easily accessible for everyone and it's none of *business* what someone does or doesn't do with their life. 

And when people have mental illnesses such as anxiety or depression, which are all-too-common among young people, or even if they're not mentally ill but just have poor mental health at the moment, it can be *especially* stressful to *constantly* hear that they have to exercise more.

Speaking of mental illness, I can't make a post about fat-shaming without talking about eating disorders. People with ED are often ridiculed regardless of weight. When people hear "eating disorder" they often think first of anorexia. A skinny person with anorexia is ridiculed because "you're so skinny! how could you think you're fat?" while a fat person is told "well, obviously it's not working, you're still fat." Both of these are disgusting to say. And there is more to ED than anorexia. There is bulimia nervosa, binge eating disorder, and ARFID. There are other eating disorders as well such as pica and rumination.

We emphasize health being visible through weight so much that people often seek out unhealthy ways to lose weight known as purging, seen in people with bulimia. This purging includes vomiting, fasting, laxatives, diuretics, enema, and excessive exercise.

People with ED can look like anything. They may hide it well, or not so well. They could be skinny, fat, or anywhere in-between. So someone might seem healthy to you, but they're really not.

There's also some roots of sexism that are prevalent in fat-shaming. While people of any gender are fat-shamed, I've noticed that men can often make jokes about their unhealthy eating habits and their weight, and people will laugh along with them. Meanwhile, a woman is often ridiculed for normalizing unhealthy habits.

And even if, putting all this aside, someone *still* thinks it's okay to call someone "unhealthy", a "landwhale", or make insensitive memes about them, or whatever- *you're not promoting health.* You're just bullying someone. And it's really hardly ever funny, so get new content.

If you're not someone's doctor, or someone very close to them who is directly affected by their health, you have no say in their habits. They don't affect you. People's lives are none of your business. Please think before you speak.