I don't think i am depressed, but I have never been angry/ sad for this long, and I have no friends This may be a long post/rant but I just want to emphasize on how angry/ sad I am right now.

So this started like last week, my friend said she was going to take a break from social media, and I like was "ok". So that same night I was on multi-millionaires ig live saying you should cut of your friends to be successful, since I'm grinding, and she's basically my ONLY friend I blocked her.

 FOR LESS THAN A DAY. We have blocked each other before but in like a jokingly way when we just fooling around, and unblock each other after a few minutes. So a few days after i asked if she is done with her break and this nigga left me on fucking read. I can't explain in simple words how angry that got me. And she does shit like this ALOT. Like she KNOWS that i text her, but waits AGES to respond. 

She's always making excuses on why she can't stay up late, or on why she takes to long to respond, but I think she's just lying now, because she doesn't like me anymore. It wasn't that long ago where we more stuck together than glue. 

I made up a story on how some guy I was talking to made me feel upset and insecure, and I asked her if i can talk to her about it. She responded after 5 minutes, saying "yeah ok, sorry i haven't been active on ig lately". So then i told her the story and responded after 4 HOURS, and all she said was "ok, sorry" and "i got my root canal". 

And the thing is I have ALWAYS been there to support her, especially emotionally, and I just wanted to see how she would react if I need emotional help, and she doesn't even try. Her dumbass just says "sorry" LIKE WTF?! 

For the past 3 days, we have talked for like a few minutes, always at 11pm for some reason, I don't why she waits until the day is almost over. Like yesterday, I texted her at 5am, saying "k i wanna ask you summ and i want you to answer as honest as possible k?" and she waits 18 FUCKING HOURS just to say "mhm". Then I tell her "are you not as interested in talking to me anymore", I know she saw what I said but hasn't responded yet (she probably will at 11pm, like always). And you know what hurts me even more? The fact that she's just texting her dumbass crush, making TikToks, or watching her fucking netflix, instead of talking to me, and knowing that hurts even more.

I have never told her/ showed her how angry/upset she gets me, because I think it will just be annoying.

Don't get me wrong after all the shit I have told you about her I LOVE (not like THAT) this friend, we became so close in just a few months, and I know alot of shit about her. We know she means alot to me and vise versa. We tell each other shit like "i miss you" and stuff.

But she's pissing me the FUCK off, AGAIN. I really don't want the friendship to end, but I think it's clear she doesn't give a flying fuck about me, even when I ALWAYS helped her. I feel like she used me like a water bottle or some shit. She kept drinking/ using me, until she didn't need me emotionally anymore, and when she's done she threw me away. (Sorry if that's a bad analogy, but you know what I mean).

And the ONE time I need her (well I didn't actually need emotional help, I just wanted to see how she would react if I did"), the best her goofy ass can do is "sorry". She didn't even try (yes i know i already said that already) 

She was the ONLY really good friend I had, and know I feel alone. The past 3 days or so , I have been crying so much (and I don't cry alot), and getting so fucking angry at her (I think yesterday was the worst), and now I feel alone. I'm not even going to tell her because it's going to rub off as being "annoying",SHE'S THE FUCKING ANNOYING ONE.

Sorry, this is the end of my little rant, if you're reading this I appreciate you so much for reading, and getting to the end. Please tell me how I can fix the friendship, I LOVE, and miss this person so much, and I'm not trying to make the friendship end