It took me a constant shoulder pain to realise that I want to be independent. I had grown closer to my mom during this lockdown. I started appreciating her efforts mostly as a single mother(my dad is out of station due to work for years now). And I thought I wanted to stay back here in my hometown and choose a college here so I can be with her always.

I don't know exactly how long, but for about 3 days I have had shoulder pain, the kind when you sit with a bad posture on computer, but lasted long. I still have it, so I told mom I wanted to go to the doctor. He'd be able to locate the pain and understand if I need any better treatment.

This is where it got bad. She told me that its hard to go out in such a situation and I might have to get an x-ray. I said ok, I will get one, what's the deal? She's like you'd need to be naked, would you like that? Honestly I forgot how x-rays are done, last time I had it of my ankle. I argued you can be clothed and she argued you cannot be. So I said then fine, I guess that's what gonna happen, I am not willing to live with this pain any longer. She said whatever, we are not going to the doctor.

I laid on my bed and thought about it. Previously she didn't let me get a gym membership because someone might have bad intentions and try to do something with me. Or the time she didn't let me go out with my friends because there are many creeps in malls. Or telling ne if I get married she wants me to be close to her so she can cook for me. In all honesty she is right, too many creeps are there, but that does not mean I always be scared and stay home. This overprotective-ness has worsened when she was diagnosed with schizophrenia and dad had to move to an another country. 

I changed my decision today. I will go to another state, do my college there. Stay alone or get a flatmate and be independent. Cook for myself, travel alone and face any problem that comes my way, alone. I was always told not venture the waters as I might drown, but I wanna learn to swim, and I will. I love my mom to bits, I understand where she is coming from, but I need to be independent. Its now or never. She needs to learn to live for herself. This is a choice I'm making to make myself the girl my dad wanted me to be.