Guys I just had an out of body experience To explain this awesome moment, I need to back it up. I had just newly transferred to a new math class about a month ago, a more advanced one for acing a few tests and doing good on assignments. I was like sure whatever, but my new class was right next to a debate classroom. And our school walls a pretty thin. You can kinda see where this is going. 

And so comes the day of the test. Which was today. I totally spaced it and did not do any studying at all which I was like _fucckkkk_ I gotta just get this test done and over with. So Im halfway through and whatever and we start hearing the debate class nearby start to get a little chatty. I didn’t mind it I kinda learned to ignore it. 

But they are really talking and I’m now high key struggling to get a problem right. Miscarrying a negative here and doing basic math wrong, and a whole ton of basic shit like that. And the debate class decides to take it up a notch and it’s really bothering the hell outta me. I’m forced to redo the equation and eventually numbers start fitting into place and things make sense. 

I kid you not the debate class _cheers_ when I got my answer to the first part of the problem. Boosted my ego a little bit not gonna lie, but I still ain’t done. I had the rest of this goddamn problem. 

After a few agonizing minutes of hearing lots of talking from the debate class and annoying equations, I finally get a second answer (which was all I need) and now I had to check my problem to see if I got it correct. 

Now for some reason the debate class was like “yeah now I’ll shut up”, thanks debate so much help. 

I check my answers and got my first problem correct, and I check the second one and got that part correct. My little brain was like “hell yes!” And the mother fricken debate class cheers. And they cheer loud. My tiny brain and ego go ballistic 

Lo and behold I turn it in an I get that problem wrong. Can’t win every time I guess 

Anyway enjoy your day the 5 people that read this :D