I don't even fuckin know Damn i am fucking tired. I just .... dont know. Nothing. It is midnight and i can't sleep. I am feeling really shitty. Maybe the mayo in the salad was bad idk. Maybe i should explain. I am just venting bc right now i feel fucking bad. i will probably delete this later but it feels good to write it down. i dont even care about grammar fukc it. please dint feel concerned i am not contemplating self harm or anything. just the christmas and new years eve were really unsatisfying. every other year it had a certain magic. a feel. now it. was just anither day. except i ate a lot of junk and got a little drunk with my family. but we played some game and by the end were laughing like maniacs so that was good. but the next day was fucking bad. ithought it would be good, parents on a walk all day with their friends, me and my sister at home. i could play games all day long. but i didn't feel like i did the things i really wanted. got up late and had to wait fir everybody to get somwhere else so i could have a wank. i was a bit horny.  but i waited two fckin hours and even thou i watched YouTube the whole time, i felt only the wait. then i at least changes from pyjamas at 2 in the afternoon and spend the rest of the day wondering what should i play. ended up playing and watching many things but all of them bored me really quick and i continued only because there was nothing other to do.

basically i spend a whole day doing things that were supposed to being me joy but ultimately made me feel like nothing mattered, nothing i do makes sense and whatever i do cannot distract me from a wierd feeling of existing without will or dreams or needs. i feel like i just exits and what is bad and what is good isn't a thing anymore and honestly what is life.

i might throw up soon i think i ate too much of the mayo salad ad other stuff

anyway i took a calming pill to help me sleep and a pill that calms my stomach. hopefully they work. but so far nothing

i am just writing what comes to my fucked up mind

if i don't find something interesting to read or do i fear i will be sentenced to look into a wall for the whole night with my eyes wide open feeling every minute like an hour.

i am considering a wank

serotonin or some shit

in between those pause is like five minutes of staring at a wall

latetly i found a way to utilize a pillow in bed if you understand what i am implying.
fuck this post probably broke a lot of rules

i am a guy that usually reads rules and manuals but rn i don't fucking care enough to read them

i hope you mofos read them

shit i am gonna regret posting this tomirrow

just to clarify i am not drunk or high rn

this type of writing was used by some famous wtiters, i forgot what its called (something along the lines of: train of thougt)
i think Hemingway used it too. i forgot, i am not good with memorizing literature, i like reading it more

well this helped a bit
hope nobody i know sees this

good night, i am going to stare at a wall now