I feel empty and blank and numb. (Very long rant about the last 2 years that so of my life) Sounds pretty generic but that’s how I feel. I spent years chasing after a girl. We never got to be together, we dated but she moved right when she confessed she felt the same. I never even got to hold her...what I still wouldn’t give to just hold her once. But I was confidently in love with her, and I wanted to make it work so we tried to and it lasted about half a year before she decided to leave me. That wasn’t the end but going through that experience, not the breakup but because it was her being gone that broke me and has left me broken. For a few months I felt empty like I do now. And then I met another girl, she liked me first and I did like her but I also saw a chance to help me get over the first girl. That fizzled out pretty quick though. But in all that I received a letter from girl 1 explaining to me that the reason she blocked my number and sc is because someone went on her phone and blocked me and that made her think that I blocked her, do I believe that story? I’m not sure, I don’t see a reason for her to lie but I’m not sure anymore. We were friends again, I wanted her back in my life so badly I would’ve been happy even if the letter said “fuck you I hope you die” just as long as it was from her. We were taking about stuff for a while and we got “back together” and of course I loved her exactly the way I tried to before. And I like to think she felt the same but again I’m not sure, I was happier and I had been sorta put back together since being broken the first time. She ended up dumping me again but we remained close friends to this day, but that second dumping and the way it played out broke me for the second time. I kept trying to be with her for almost another year until I gave up on that just a few weeks ago. I’m not even sure if that was the right decision still. Late December or November maybe of last year, we were talking and me being me I blamed myself for the reason we broke up both times (not being good enough, etc) and she revealed to me that the reason she dumped me the first time was because she wanted me to hate her so she could kill herself and I wouldn’t care. Knowing that, broke me for the third time. I couldn’t comprehend that answer, I couldn’t accept that answer. I knew about her previous attempts on her own life and I knew more about her mental health problems than anyone else but the fact that she wouldn’t tell me and knowing that if she had then maybe I could’ve done something and we never would’ve broken up in the first place...just shattered what was left of me after the first two times being broken. Nowadays I’m trying to get over her still, not chasing after her anymore makes me feel like I have nothing because I guess I didn’t realize she was all I had. And now I’m just a lonely sap who’s ranting on Reddit. we still talk but unfortunately not as much. She ruined my life completely and put me at the worst places I’ve ever been. But I still love her with all my heart. Maybe things will change and we’ll get back together again, maybe that will fizzle out again. Maybe I’ll meet someone else and I’ll forget all about the girl I spent so long chasing after. Who knows?