I really like this girl who said she liked me back and talked about hanging out but now she stop responding to my messages. I went camping with my friend and his cousin was there and us 3 got high together. She kept whispering to my friend and I didn't know what about then she started saying it louder and then saying it start to my face that she thought I was hot. I just ignored her (even though I thought she was hot) because I didn't want to ruin my friendship over this. But then she started randomly hugging me then kissing me. I felt very uncomfortable because I didn't know what my friend was thinking. But then she went to the bathroom and my friend told me he really didn't care and that he was fine as long as she was happy. So that night we kissed and made out alot. The next morning she said she didn't remember any of that so I said I didn't either (even though I did) so it wasn't akward. I then went home and my friend told me to add her on snap so I did and we never talked. I unadded her because it was just really akward and I knew she didn't like me it was just because she was high she acted like that. Like 3 weeks later I am camping with my friend (but she's not there) and we got high again. When I am high I tend to tell my secrets and I told him that I still liked her even though she didn't like me back. He messaged her and said that I liked her (without me knowing) and he told me to add her again so I did. She then messaged me and so we talked for a bit and she was high again. then she said she liked me and immediately deleted it. I already saw it though and so I told her I liked her too. She said she didn't believe me and she called me. I awnsered and she said the only way she would believe me is if we hung out one time. The next day she messaged me just asking what I was doing and I told her then I asked her the same question. She didn't see it all day and when she did finnaly see it (like 14 hours after) she never responded. The next day I messaged her saying hi (I was just trying to start a conversation and I was gonna talk to her about hanging out one time) again she never saw it the whole day and the next day (like 22 hours after) she saw it and unsaved it. Which was weird because she has our messages set to automatically save that means she went out of her way too unsave it like she wanted to act like I never sent it. I don't know why she is ignoring me I am thinking I did something wrong or maybe she only was messaging me saying she liked me again because she was high again and maybe she realized after it was a mistake. Does anyone know if she really doesn't like me or if it might be something else because th first time I let it go as just a weekend fling but when she pulled me back in saying she liked me and then gave me the cold shoulder like this it hit alot harder.