I've lost nearly all motivation for continuing my eductation. How do I get help? Hi, I'm a 16-year-old Nigerian-American student, and I've never felt less motivated to continue my eductation in my life. In order to find out where this all began, I'l have to recount events that took place up to an entire year ago. 


Around last November, my family and I decided to double down on our efforts to find myself a new school where I could do my last two years of education. Eventually, in late December, my family, my host family, and myself all agreed on two schools which we thought would be ideal for me: The Hill School; and St. James' School.


In order to get into these schools, I would have to take the SSAT, and both of these schools typically accepted people who scored in the 91st percentile or higher. That wasn't much of a problem for me, as I took the test in early 2020 and scored pretty high in the 94th percentile. After I had received my favorable test results and tried my best to make a great first impression, I was sure that I'd get accepted by one, if not both schools.


There was an eerie radio silence from both schools. Whenever I would ask my host family or my family about the schools' responses, the question was dodged. That should have been my first sign that something wasn't right. 


The COVID lockdown came up around spring. I'm not sure if that was to blame for what happened with my choice schools. But nevertheless, I continued with my schooling in my current school online. Obviously doing school virtually was something that many would consider to be a tough challenge, but for me, it was quite natural, as I had taken several online classes beforehand. 


Eventually, in July, long after school was out of session and well into the summer break, I was able to return to Nigeria. It was a flight from Maryland, and an equally long wait at the airports due to all the commotion. 


I had made it back home, and for a while, I forgot about school. When I remembered in around late August, the response I recieved crushed me. 


I had been rejected from both schools. I wasn't given a reason by anyone, no matter how hard I pleaded. But the most agonizing aspect of it came later, when I asked my host family about it. 


They'd known about it since April. And they also revealed that they wouldn't be taking me in for the next year of school.


Now onto the present:


I'm not doing as well as I used to in school, barely scraping by with Bs and Cs. I'm just not motivated enough to put any real effort into the schoolwork. I'm still in Nigeria, working online while being 6 hours ahead, so my school starts at 2PM and ends at 10PM 


Then there was another small spark of hope for me. My school had begun to assemble an e-sports team. It was something that I had been independently working on for the past 4 years, but now, I would have a surefire method to cultivate that passion.


For the week after the team was announced, I felt more and more motivated. I had something to look forward to. Something that I could tell myself to keep working harder for. But sadly, that was short lived.


This morning, my dad pulled me aside for a talk. Long story short, I would not be able to return to America for the foreseeable future. That meant I would be unable to take part in the esports, and I would have to continue to inconvenience myself to attend my classes.


And now that led to this. I've no other way to vent my feelings out, as my family believes that e-sports is a waste of my time and talent. This seems to be my breaking point, and I have nearly zero motivation to continue going to school now. I just need help, I really don't know what I'm supposed to make out of this situation now.