Some serious advice to get you through highschool, college, and life beyond I had to fudge the numbers when I started my account cuz at the time of making it would let met, so I did and it's like a month early or something like that. I'm 18 today, and it's been a long road, and that was only to reach the starting line. The rest of my entire life starts here. I'm gonna join the army as a diesel mechanic (because I'm obsessed with engines) and when I retire I'm gonna start my own performance garage. I have some things that you need to know

1-  Don't ever change who you are because someone wants you to be different. And don't get me wrong, I made some life style changes in the name of love, but that's not the same as forcing yourself to change because of bullying or shit talking

2- Dont be afraid to express yourself. I believe that everyone should have a creative outlet. It brings people together in many ways and gives a heightened sense on confidence and camaraderie within the artistic community. I'm into hotwheels and cars, and the communities are full of great people

3- I can't stop you from doing drugs, and I know you've all heard it a million times. Doing drugs is never a good idea, but if you still want to try them (I don't recommend it because I've struggled with addiction in the past), only take half. Again, I'm not saying you should, because it's a slippery slope and it's very bad for you.

4- There's an exception to the 3rd rule. That exception is weed, and I'll tell you why. Weed is incapable of permanent damage and impossible to overdose on. Some people react to it differently than others. I get motion sick and throw up but then I'm good to go. One of my best friends tells me she gets headaches. But I solidly believe everyone should try it just a little bit at least once. And the best way you can tell you're with good people is how they act if you accidentally get too high then what you planned. A toxic group will call you a lightweight and poke fun at you, but a good group of guys will make sure you're okay and take care of you until you're good.

5- This ones about sex so hear me out. If you're a Virgin, it doesn't matter, guys and girls. You shouldn't just lose it for the sake of losing it. You should wait until the time is rigth and it's with someone you genuinely care about. Not just that girl Emily from your 8th grade shop class. I recommend weighting until you have a way to get around. And unless you plan on having a kid or she's on birth control, ALWAYS WEAR A FUCKIN CONDOM. Make sure you keep healthy sex practices. Because it can hurt you later.

I know that was a lot, but that's my advice. Up until about 6 months ago I was really stupid and made some mistakes, but I'm getting my life on track and I'm better than ever. PM me if you need anything, sorry if I don't respond right away I'm camping with my best friends rigth now but I'll hit you back ASAP. Have a good day, be kind to one another. And I'll catch you later