Some Motivation It can certainly seem that all you do in life is futile. After all, we all die eventually, so why do anything? Why accomplish your goals when, in the grand scope of things, those goals are meaningless? These questions are just one side of the coin. While one could look at the inevitability of death and believe that it means that everything is meaningless, one could also look at the inevitability of death and believe that it means that everything is meaningful. A person who believes the former would likely never apply themselves to anything they do in life. While this results in that person not doing anything that would be deemed universally futile, it also means that that person would waste any potential that they could have in their life. On the other hand, a person who believes in the latter would likely always apply themselves to everything they do in life. While this results in that person leading a life that would be deemed universally futile, it also means that that person would not waste any potential that they would have in life. Thus, the two sides of the coin are as follows: a non-futile life with wasted potential, or a futile life with utilized potential. This would seeming mean that both sides of the coin are equal, and that both sides are equally valid ways to live a life. However, this is not the case. Universal futility and personal potential are not conceptually equal. This inequality stems from the fact that universal futility is a physical concept, and personal potential is a man-made concept, and thus a concept that an individual can change. Individuals are absolutely capable of going beyond their potential. You can always outdo yourself in every aspect of life, you can always go further than what was thought to have been potential. In contrast, death is not something that can be breached. It is impossible to overcome and go beyond death. So far. Perhaps one day an individual who exceeds their perceived potential will break this barrier, and make death something that an individual can change. Going beyond one’s perceived potential is the only possible way for this scenario to ever occur. However, until this event happens, individuals must continue to break past their potential. The individual who bridges the gap and alters universal futility will not be able to do so without first being propped up by the lasting affects of other individuals who went past their own potentials.