Men can be emotionally abused as well We really anyone can be emotionally abused. But I'm here to tell you about my story to give you a perception about abuse and how you can get out of a situation if you find yourself in one such as mine. 

This past year over discord I was saying a girl, but the relationship ended poorly. But we were still able to become friends again. As I slowly started to grow myself on twitch, she helped me with nodding and doing artwork for me. But slowly she started to harass me more and more for my minor flaws. I started to think that I was a terrible person. That I wasnt deserving of my growth and her help. This lasted for months, her dming me over discord and berating me over my actions. Some were justified and needed. But most were nit picky and generally not what you would call "constructive criticism". Needless to say I started feeling worse and worse. I never talked back to her because at the time I thought that's who I was when she would not pick me. A gaint POS, who was an attention and manwhore. A man who manipulated other and didnt appriacate them. This, along with other factors, pushed me into an very depressed state. After a while I started asking others if that's how they saw me, and I started getting different responses than what she was giving me. I started to realize that maybe she was wrong about me. But I still felt trapped to her because of all she did for my twitch channel. Eventually though my mother and my friends finally gave me the courage to speak up to her. She lashed out on me and made a post about it on her snapchat story. One of her statements was that, "You're absolutely disgusting". I felt like I had wronged in some way by finally talking back. But my friends and mother reassured me what I did was right. The thing about being in a abusive friendship or relationship is that the abuser with somewhat isolate you and make you think what they say is the only truth. It took me almost a year to break out of the cycle. It has been a few weeks since I told her off but a still feel a pulling and a drag on me, with what she said to me and what the aftermath was when i finally broke away. 

Just know that those who may find themselves in relationships like these, you arnt what they say you are. If you get constantly put down or shat on. That isnt a good relationship, that's an abusive one. 

Hopefully some of you younger teens read this knowing what I have gained from the years of middle school, high school, and now university. You have to keep your head high, and just know that relationships now dont really last. But they dont define you as a person. I love you all and have a good day.