How I was nearly groomed and got lucky. This was at a private school when I was in 4th grade or somethings and lasted for a year . I’m also a guy btw, so this is proof it happens to not only girls.


Didn’t want to  use this account but to post you need a minimum karma so rip this account I guess.


How it happened:

My homeroom teacher asked me to take a walk with him during recess one day. I don’t remember much of what we talked about tbh, but I do remember it becoming more frequent. He asked me about my personal life and if things were going well but told nothing about his life. The teacher got only hired this year from what I could recall, so a lot of people didn’t know him. Slowly I would stop hanging around with everyone else my age and start hanging around him. It got to the point where I would just meet up with him. I remember one time I was trying to see if I could point using different fingers, for example using the pinky to point and all that (I was a really dumb kid) it got to the point where I used the middle finger on someone and I didnt know. Instead of getting in trouble the teacher showed me favouritism and didn’t punish me or anything. To which if it was any other student or if I had any other teacher they’d probably give me detention or a time out or something. Anyways it got to the point to which I only depended on him for a lot of things. As I said before I don’t remember much but from remember and feel and when I try to remember is just him being very creepy. I remember him telling me that he had a wife at one point though. Something most other teachers didn’t even know. So at that point it was getting into some dangerous territory especially a bit after that when he was part of the after school program. He told me to not go near him when he was with other teachers, since at that point I kinda followed him anywhere. So looking back he didn’t want the other teachers knowing I followed him i guess. 


Anyways things didn’t really escalate from their since they caught another teacher having ch_ld  _____ (fill in the blanks, feel sick just thinking about) on their pc. That teacher ran the before and after school programs and was in charge of a lot of clubs. Worst part is that he didn’t even seem creepy. Ever wonder what happens when a school caughts a p_d_? They send a letter to your parents. Anyways my teacher got fired soon after since they found out he didn’t teach anything that entire year. Since the school was ahead of the curriculum though we still got to go to the next year. 

One of the worst parts is that there has to have been atleast a teacher seeing what was happening and didn’t do anything. 
Kinda hate myself for allowing it to go this far but this is what I get for being a really sheltered kid when I was growing up . Also the teacher that was caught was the only teacher my teacher talked to since I remember leaving school and him and the guy were always talking. I also remember the guy that was caught having a blonde girl a year or two older then me always following him. It really took me way to long to figure what was going on. Never told this to anyone and probably won’t ever again. 


There’s probably some parents reading this so, this is what to look for to see if your kid is in trouble.