Talking to Girls So early today I was talking to a guy who said whenever he talks to girls (platonic), they get creeped out by his high sexual drive and walk away. Let me tell you, unless you are like actually being handsy or saying sexual things, and BEING SEXUAL, no girl will know what level of sex drive you have - especially if all you asked was “how’d you think about the lecture?”. If the girl says a one word answer and walks away, that DOES NOT mean she was “creeped out” by your sexual drive. Then he asked me what he should talk about to girls and I said you have to show your personality more than your interest. He then proceeded to say that I’m being confusing and that his studying for his law degree was easier than talking to girls...  Just remember guys TPO


T - time


P - place


O - occasion 



This is honestly for everything though making friendships/relationships/talking to people of the same sex and the opposite :x 

Time: Is the girl busy? Is the lecture over and she seems like she wants to go back to her dorms/apartment/next class/whatever? She’s not going to stay around to talk to a guy she’s never spoken to before. Periodt. If you continuously strike up a conversation with her, you’ll have better chances in making friends with her though

Place: If you have never spoken to her before, you’ll have a better chance in making friends with her if you approach while she’s with other people like at a study group/party/club where the only person to talk to is you and the only person to direct the conversation to is you. This can also apply to places where most people don’t have conservations in. If you have the same class and sit next to each other, talk in class, not in the hallways where both of you are just standing there and not comfortable and blocking people’s way... or talk to each other at lunch when everyone is going to be eating so there can be breaks in conversation without being awkward 

Occasion: If you have a specific reason to talk to a girl it’ll help the conversation flow easier. There’s a test coming up? Go talk. Both of you are going to a party? Go talk. Are you at an event? Talk about the event - what you’re excited about and annoyed about. Is it her birthday? Ask her what she’s going to do or what she’s happy about. Also be aware of the opposite. If it’s 2 hours before her test, I’m pretty sure she would rather study than talk to you about this game/show/hobby.