Story time! The one night my campsite flooded and my cousins and I woke up stuck in the tent. Why am I sharing this? I don't know. I guess it's just a story that my family likes to tell so I thought people on here might want to hear it too.

It was the summer of 2017, I was 12 years old, and I was going camping with my family in Michigan's Upper Peninsula. My family has always liked going camping (my family, not me), but I was along for the ride and I wanted to enjoy it, especially since my cousins' family was traveling with us for the first part of our trip. We set up our tents at Tahquamenon Falls State Park on the first night of our trip, and all of the kids except for my 4-year-old cousin (me, my two siblings, and my other two cousins) slept inside the big tent. We stayed up late, telling jokes and just chatting, but we all eventually fell asleep.

Early the next morning, I woke up to the sound of rain. I always hated when it rained while we were camping, because everything got wet and we had to spend time drying everything out instead of doing something fun. But at least all of us were safe from the rain inside of the tent, as long as we didn't touch the sides which would let the water in. It seemed like the rain had woken up most of us, but I stood up in the tent to make sure. And that's when I realized something.

As I stood up, I noticed that my feet felt kind of weird on the ground. I looked down, and realized that underneath the bottom of the tent, there was at least a good four inches of water that had built up, and whenever I took a step, my foot send out a wave of water around it, making the tent's bottom ripple from around my foot.

We were all kind of freaked out, but in a good way, like it was an adventure. I could hear my parents outside working to get things out of the rain, and I wanted to get their attention so I signalled "SOS" with my flashlight. I mean, I didn't think anything was going to happen, but it just added to the dramatic feel of the moment for me.

A little while passed, and eventually the tent started leaking. All of us kids got out whatever umbrellas we had inside the tent to try and stop the water from getting onto us and everything else in the tent, like our sleeping bags, air mattresses, and bags of clothes. My little brother, who was only 7 at the time, poked his head out of the tent and started crying because of all the water he saw, and somehow in the process one of his flip-flops got out of the tent and started floating away, making him cry even harder.

We were all pretty wet by that time, and we'd kind of given up keeping anything inside the tent dry. So I grabbed an umbrella, opened up the door to the tent, ran (or maybe more like waded) across our campsite and across the campground to the bathroom, where I used the hot air dryer to dry off my entire body (and I mean my entire body.) And I'm not sure I'm remembering it correctly, but I think the power must have been out too, because all of the bathroom lights were off and I had to use a flashlight to see what I was doing. (I'm not sure how the air dryer worked if the power was off, but I do remember using flashlights to see.)

Eventually, the rain let up, but it left no shortage of water and wet things for us to deal with. Here's what our campsite looked like later that day: [https://i.imgur.com/lMgogi6.jpg](https://i.imgur.com/lMgogi6.jpg)

You can't really tell from the photo, but there was a good 6 inches of water on some parts of the site. Needless to say, pretty much everything we had was soaking wet, and we spent that day hanging things up to dry and running back and forth to the dryer in the bathroom instead of going to a fun museum like we'd hoped to do. And I'd heard a lot about how great of a museum it was, so I was pretty disappointed. (It was the Great Lakes Shipwreck Museum if you're wondering.)

3 1/2 years later and we're laughing about it, but it certainly wasn't funny when it happened. Most of our laughs about it now are the kind of laughs that end in a long sigh and a vague look into the distance if you know what I mean. In fact, that night along with one other night a year later were enough to make my mom vow to never camp in that tent again.