Had a nonce (imo) in my school Ok bit of context before I start, also I’m on mobile so sorry for spelling mistakes.

I go to an all girls school and it’s a very tightly knit little school, everyone knows everyone. We know all the teachers by their first names and you couldn’t escape that one person in the halls even if you tried.

So when we heard we were getting a new sub for PE (physical education) we were all a little curious to what kind of person they’d be, boy did we find out quick.

I go to the pe hall, wait for everyone else and when I set eyes on this guy something immediately set’s me off about him but I try not to judge people solely based on looks.

So everyone started stretching in their own groups, he then calls us all into a circle and tells us all to do stretches around him. Ok a bit weird but I guess it’s so he can make sure that no one hurts themselves, whatevva. 

(This bit is a little gross so just a heads up)

So we’re all doing stretches around him, mainly stretches to do with our legs because we were running that day and I noticed something odd about him. 

He was getting very sweaty and very flustered, ok? I mean Yh stretches can make you a little warm but not sweaty right? But I noticed something else, he kept fixing his shorts. I look down and the bastard had a boner. Yep he had an erection in a room of 12-13 year old girls.

I just looked away and shuffled as far away from him as possible whilst doing Pe. But the story doesn’t end there my friends, no no no no. 

After we do the main activity’s in Pe we all go to the changing rooms, we’ve been in there for about 5 or so minutes so the majority of us are only half dressed when we hear a door creek open. I was by the door dressed because I’m the quiet kid in the back of the room that’s about to pull out a gun so I don’t really talk to anyone when I hear a door creek, I look over and this man is sticking his head into our changing rooms and not saying anything.

Keep in mind all of my class, but me, have friends in that class so they’re all talking whilst getting changed so they’re being extra slow and only half dresses.

I just looked at him in disgust and said “can I help you?” And he just said “I was just checking if you girls were almost changed.” Then left, I looked over at all my classmates and I just looked at them in disbelief.

Sorry if this story was a little long and not as “exciting” as other story’s but it still really creeps me out. Other than that I hope you liked it and sorry for spelling mistakes im on mobile.

Bonus story: 

We had another nonce in our school. A while ago a teacher who was supposed to be our year 8 form teacher (age 11-12) was fired due to sending inappropriate messages to a 16 year old from our school. But the police couldn’t arrest him due to there being “not enough evidence”. Sooo Yh that one was a little short but is still pretty disgusting and disappointing. Disappointing because the police couldn’t do anything to this skank.