I really want to be friends with my Ex. A little backstory, before we continue. We began dating on New Years 2019, thanks to one of those anonymous message addons for Snapchat. She lives 3-4 hours away from me, down by where some of my Dad's girlfriends family lives that we visit once or twice a year. We dated for 9 months, saw each other for a weekend over the summer, and she broke up due to long-distance issues in September. I managed to get over it fairly quickly, and continued on my way until late May-early June of 2020 when our area was under heavy lockdown. (Nova Scotia, Canada. Not hit especially hard, but enough to freak everyone out). At that time she began messaging me again, we played games with each other on Xbox until late July, a week before my families yearly trip down her way, if I wanted to date her again. I said yes. Those few months were some of the best I've ever had, and I felt more love for her during that time than I had at any point during our last relationship. Through November and early December, I was, bluntly, miserable and torn apart. My ducks had not only left the row, but they left me to figure out what in the hell was going on. During this time my girlfriend also got busy, so much so that she would only text me a couple of times a night. I was distraught and got paranoid to a point where I thought one of my other friends (Who would **Never** go behind my back like that) was stealing her away from me. I broke up with her, and I found that it didn't make my situation better, it made it worse. Every day since I've been dwelling on it, and only in the past couple days have I gotten by the overall emotional dip I had been experiencing since November. I made myself a list of things I wanted to get in order, and the first thing I wanted to do was get things straight with her, and get back to being friends with her, at the least. Back to the days where we'd stay up late at night playing games and laughing. I didn't speak to her between December and this week, and from the small talk I've attempted to make, she isn't very responsive. I panicked and sent a long, long text to her today attempting to convey how I felt, what I wanted for us (To be friends again), and apologizing for my abrupt decisions that I had made for our breakup. I know Reddit is famed for its lack of experience with women and dating, but would anyone have any tips for anything else I could do to get in contact with her more? I apologize in advance if this block of text doesn't make sense at times, I'm not the greatest at conveying feelings, especially writing them down. Thank you for any answers/tips you may have in advance.