My life story (from around 12) Okay, where to start... I am a 16 boy from the US. My parents are divorced and I live with my step-mom and father. My real parents do not get along that well, such I used to live with my biological mom and now I don’t. I have had a pretty crazy upbringing, but that is too long of a story for Reddit. To make things real short, my mom was not a good parent, and she blamed everything on me. She diagnosed me with everything under the sun (ADHD, bipolar, Autism, anxiety disorder, etc). She also sent me to a residential which means a facility for kids that are mental to learn and “get better”in a “safe environment.” Lets just say I was not mental, and I was discharged in less than 2 months. One thing that really set me off was that she sold my computer without even telling me. She used the time I was not in the house to take advantage of me. At the time I was on almost 6 medications. Things were not looking so good for me.

Come freshman year where suddenly my mom could not take me any longer, and had to send me with my dad. Luckily my dad said okay, otherwise I had to go to foster care. 

I moved in with my dad and stepmom, let’s just say it was a rough start. They are much stricter than my mom, and make me follow guidelines they believe is the right choice. I could not wrap my head around that fact, and now partially I can’t either for some things. They made so many things better for me. To name a few, they got me completely off my meds (to this day I function completely fine without them), taught me discipline and respect, and some very important life lessons.

 Let me just mention that I LOVE gaming, and it was my number 1 passion. They know that. 

My parents saved me quite frankly. It was very rough, and tough, but they stuck through it for me. 

Things changed for a bit when I got peer pressed to do drugs (weed). I was at work and did it with some co workers. I did it twice, and I swore to myself I will never do it again, because I hated it. My parents found out that I did it. They are religious, so I believe that what I did was a bigger no-no than non religious parents. My punishment was I lost my chance to get my permit, lost my video games until I  moved out, 2 months of no tv or anything, volunteer work, and very stressful times for me.

I managed to get through it though (still can’t game and I don’t have my permit, which were the two biggest loses). This really frustrates me though because I love gaming, and they know I will never give it up, so why would they do this to me? I also feel the punishment was way too severe in my opinion. Keep in mind this was all in COVID, which makes things so much worse.

To sum it up, I had a lot of tough years, even with speed bumps in my better ones, I am gradually being a better son and person in the real world. 

My accomplishments that my only dad and step mom could make me achieve are: all a’s junior year (3.5 gpa collective), co-captain of tennis team as a freshman (went to states aswell), completely fine off every medication proving that I don’t need them, I worked 2 jobs (McDonald’s and at a grocery store), made many friends and became very well liked in school, and my character and maturity has gone way up.

I just want to leave this book by saying, even when life sucks the biggest banana, trust me it will get better. Also, when you do not agree with someone or some rule, just know that it will pass and with patience and time it will pass.

Thanks for reading, and have a good night.