I will be dying soon. Well, this is one of the two subs I will be sending this to. 

I have terminal Leukemia and I have about 3 months left. I've had a bunch of side effects for a while now- excessive sweating, hair loss, bad weight loss, foggy mind, throwing up blood, deep pains in the bones, etc. I just thought "maybe it's because of all the stress that comes around with the college admissions process". But it, unfortunately, turned out to be much worse than that.

You know I don't really know what to do at this point. Ig there's really nothing to do if you think about it. I'm 17. A high school senior with my whole life ahead of me. I was never especially excited to go to college because of all the stress and responsibilities that came with it. I always wished I could turn back the clock and start my life over again, but with all the memories intact. But I never wanted to die. Never. I've known about it for a month or so and all I could do in that time was cry. I cried that I would lose my life at such a young age. I cried that I would have to say goodbye to my younger brother without ever seeing him grow up. I cried that I could never understand how it feels to fall in love with someone for the first time. I cried I could never hear my child call me "father" for the first time. I cried and cried until I couldn't cry any longer.

My life was never a good one. Yea ig I had parents that cared for me. And yea I've always had resources that helped and elevated me to where I thought I wanted to be. I'm rank 4 at my school, 1560 SAT, 36 ACT, 4.0 GPA, good ECS, 2 jobs, etc. I was the type of student that most parents would be proud to have. But at what cost? All everyone ever knew about me my statistics. No one ever realized the pain, loneliness, and depression I went through in order to get to where I was. Day in and day out, I went through the same routine of waking up, going to school, doing my work, going to work, scrolling the internet, and going to bed. I never had any social interactions, not because I didn't want to, but because I couldn't. I didn't know how to interact with people. I was always the lonely one. The one that got left out of everything. And I was ok with that. I just accepted it as my fate. I tried to find my enjoyment in anime and video games instead. But as time went on and high school started, I realized just how bad it was. As the pressure mounted on me, there was nothing I could do but, again, accept it as my fate and move on. Now, being a senior who's about to die soon... I can tell you that it wasn't the right thing to do.

I don't even know what to say rn, but let me just get to the point. My point is, all you guys out there that are crying and stressing about life, college, and applications- let me assure you that those are not the only aspects of life. I want you guys to understand that life is not a simulation that someone can do over and over until they get what they desire. Life is a static flow that gives you no second chances at all. Make the most out of it. Go love someone. Go hang out with friends. Go watch that movie you've wanted to watch. Go tell someone how much they mean to you. Live your life. Don't look down on others, instead join with them and prosper. Live your life to the fullest with no regrets, because one day you may not have the opportunity to do so. In retrospect, life and living is a beautiful thing. I feel like I should have given myself room to live and breathe. Maybe things could have ended differently.

Lastly, this is one of the two subs I wanted to thank. I haven't even been on Reddit for one year but in that time, I have enjoyed this sub very much. Being someone who was constantly judged in real life, it was finally relief that at least the internet helped me be at ease a bit; and this sub especially. Thank you all for all the funny memes, all the support, and the memories that you have given me. This sub has held a special place in my heart and will continue to do so in my time remaining. Thank you for everything everyone, I love you guys.