Bruh I don't know what to do TLDR: Basically my best friend is fucked. This guy has helped me through everything and is the closest I've ever gotten to another human being (no homo ofc he just my homie). And he is about to get hard-core canceled over almost nothing.

Please read it all though if youre gonna give any advice which I desperately need rn

A few days ago my friend asked me if he should hook up with this high-functioning down syndrome girl. I of course told him no because even if she is high functioning thats kinda fucked up. To provide some more background this girl has liked him and has been trying to hook up with him pretty much since she met him in 8th grade (we're in 11th now). But yesterday, he told me the night before their DMs got a little spicy, nothing illegal, no nudes, no sexting, just some moderately intense flirting. This girl initiated everything by the way, my friend also told me he regretted it already and the only reason he did it was because he was really tired, lonely, and bored at 3am. Then he gets a message from *her mom* talking about how she is gonna tell his parents, his teachers and principal, and get the authorities involved. My friend responded naturally by begging for his life and he will never contact her daughter again. This didn't work because now my friends parents know, which her mom probably got their number from the school. This crazy religious woman is trying to make my friend a registered sex offender and bring it to court, even though neither of them didn't do anything illegal. In fact if anything the girl is more at fault since she was the one who initiated all this, and the fact she is down-syndrome won't hold in court either because of how high functioning she is, apparently she is just really bad at math. She suggested meeting him for sex one time, no place or time, and they are both over the age of consent (both 17). That's probably the worst thing they texted to eachother. The last text I got from my friend was while I was typing this: his parents are outside his work and that I shouldn't text him for the time being. If he was just getting grounded it wouldn't be that big of a deal but the girls mom is getting the school and possibly law enforcement involved. My friend considered killing himself and I steered him away from it for now but if this gets any worse for him I don't think I can convince him out of it or even contact him to try. Like I said he didn't do anything illegal, nor did he initiated anything, only reciprocate to whatever the girl said. But the fact he is a man being accused of sexual harassment, and that she is special needs, no matter how high functioning, it doesn't look good for him. I'd love some advice in how I could help him or at least some insight as to how this might play out.

Sorry it that read bad English is my first language I just suck at sentence organization.