Here's my trash. Do what you want with it.  The Most Elaborate (and unfunny) Rickroll?  


It was only when he got back to his car that Benedict remembered he’d forgotten his camera at the old house in the woods. The *$1,000 camera* that he loved so much had left him with little to no money to survive on for the rest of the month, so of course he was torn between heading to the safety of his home or running back and quickly grabbing the camera, that is, if the camera was still there. He decided, “Well, the thing that started running was probably a deer, or a frightened squirrel. Not some kind of supernatural entity right? I’ll only be back in the house for a hot minute and get right back to the car. No worries.” As he continued to console himself, he continued to get more jittery. It felt as if someone--or something--was watching him. Before he got cold feet and went back home, he took a flashlight and went back. 

As he walked, a flock of ravens burst through the trees, cawing ominously as they disappeared into the inky night sky. He started getting paranoid. Every little chirp, rustle, or hoot made him jump. The low hanging branches on the dead trees looked as if they were reaching out for him, waiting to pull him down into the ground. As he walked, the dim lighting from the moon faded as the tangle of arms above his head thickened. The flashlight’s beam started to flicker and die, the darkness beginning to swallow him whole. Soon, he reached the old mansion. 

Carefully pushing the moldy doors out of the way, he made his way through the debris and into the basement. Before the battery went out, he quickly shone his flashlight at the area the camera was last seen. It wasn’t there. He quickly searched the mildewed cabinets and under the shrubs growing through the cracks in the ground. The house groaned. The floorboards creaked. He started to panic, wondering if this was even worth it. A noise came from a broken tile on the ground. To his horror, a very familiar tune started to play, just a little buzz in the beginning, but getting progressively louder. Slowly, Benedict lifted up the cracked stone. The song grew louder. He covered his ears and hid in the corner. But he couldn’t escape it. Out from the hole came the forbidden words, “We’re no strangers to love, you know the rules, and so do I.” 

He screamed

And screamed

And started to sing.

In the morning, Benedict was reported missing. The only thing in his car was a small paper saying, “Get Rickrolled.”