So, received a big blow from life \[Rant as well as help/advice seeking post\]

So, I had joined this school 5 years back, and had an immense crush on a girl. I was not bold at that time, nor did I have any advice about love back then.  Two years later, we were selected to be part in a cultural program team representing our school in the regional level. I played the keyboard, and she had danced. By this time I had learned about puberty, love and everything in between. I was a frequent reader of psychological books as well. As we were selected in the first stage, it was time for our entire group to go to the second stage. To compete we had to go another state for a week.

It was during this trip that she started dropping hints for me. However, I never asked her out. After the trip, there was this new guy in class, a sweet talker. He's that "popular guy" attracting the girls. Although my crush and I were good friends, she was fascinated by him(idk what else to say for 'fascinating' lol).

Two years later again, now we are in 10th grade. A lot of people are moving to different states or schools for further education. Coming back to "two years later again": she'd flirt back with him while also being a good friend to me and you get the idea. She saw me more as a friend over time, and even if she liked him, I was happy that she was happy. There's nothing that feels better than seeing your crush happy, be it be with you or someone else. Then when offline classes started in January, she'd be trying to sit close to him, the whole day talking.

Now, today, as usual he was sitting surrounded by my crush and a few of her friends in adjacent seats. I found her writing something in his diary while the both of them were sometimes glimpsing at me and giggling among themselves. Sometime later when she had finished writing (about half a page), she took a piece of paper and wrote a sentence there. It wouldn't have bugged me if I hadn't seen my name there. After a few giggles, she glanced at me, and threw it in the bin. Now, I called a few of my good friends to cover me, while I retrieved the paper and it read "I'll write one for Orchid too. He's kind of a joke" as it was my last year in this school.

I couldn't make head nor tail out of it. I knew I had to see the diary(forgive me). I read a few lines while my friends made a distraction which said "Thanks for being such a wonderful friend. You are a skilled badminton player and a good partner. We had a wonderful two years together..." I had to keep it inside as I was almost caught. Apparently the guy was moving to another state in June

Now, I understood what she was talking about in the piece of paper. Now the whole image became clear to me. She knew I had a crush on her but was taking advantage of my respect. I'm a joke for her. All this time, she was playing me.

This hit me like a train. At least if I'm a nobody, then why make fun of me behind my back? So, it's an earnest request for anyone out there for advice on what I must do to get my mind off it. I know many are gonna say "Grow up bruh" or "Dude be mature" etc. and I don't care so as long as it's not putting salt to my wounds. Feel free to ask any question in the comments as I know many parts may be difficult for some to understand.

"Happiness increases upon sharing, and grief decreases upon sharing" with this quote, I am sharing this to r/teenagers . Thanks for reading this far.