Ok so i really need advice... So long story short, my family has been planning on moving to florida for the longest now and im officially moving there in a week or two. This past month ive been talking to this girl that lives there, i met her on social media, and dont worry i know shes not a catfish or pedo cuz ive been face timing her on a daily basis since we started talking. We’re in the same grade all that. Ive kinda already told my mom about her but i lied and said i knew her from over here then she moved to orlando, but i think they seen past my lies cuz my sister called me and we got into a whole argument about how i met the girl. I guess my mom is still cool with it but i gotta convince them that shes not a pedo or whatever.

So during the past month of talking we basically established that we are indeed into each other and wouldnt mind dating each other, but for one neither of us want a text only relationship. I told her id be able to see her cuz she wont be that far away, which leads to my next thing:

Basically she lives in a major city or whatever and my sister (who im staying with for a month) lives in a smaller city that’s literally 1 hour away from the girl i like, but when me and my mom actually move in april its gonna be in between the two cities so the distance might be shorter. Now my sister is extremely lazy and most likely will not take me that far unless i pay her. Im 17 have my license and know how to drive but i have a really strict mom and my sister already straight up told me im not taking her car for an hour trip to see a girl. So now im kind of stuck.

I know ill be able to see the girl but at this rate only once in awhile which is not going to work i think. The girl and her mom do something almost every day minus weekends anyway so its not like she’ll pressure me to see her on a daily basis. But still. I dont have a job to be able to pay my sister to let me see her every weekend, my mom is just too paranoid and really itll only leave me with sneaking out and stuff but i already hate doing that.

How can i talk to my mom and sister about this girl to just work something out? Me and this girl like each other and I honestly want to try and see where this goes. The 1 hour drive honestly isnt an issue to me and wouldnt be an issue if they would just let me drive plus we would take turns seeing each other and meet half way stuff like that. I could just say fuck it and wait cuz i literally turn 18 in like 5 months lol but i know she isnt gonna wait 5 months to see me. So what do guys