I need to take life less seriously D*isclaimer:* Okay, I'm a LITTLE older than a teenager but I still feel like one so I'm posting here.,..

**TL;DR: My professor told me I should “take life less seriously” and she’s right.**

So I was apologizing to one of my favorite professors for fucking up in her class last semester. It wasn’t about the grade, I actually got an A- (which I honestly didn’t deserve and I think she did it out of pity) but because I turned in everything late and my papers weren’t nearly as good as they usually are/should have been.

I was embarrassed and disappointed in myself because I was so excited for this class and passionate about the subject but I had some personal problems/mental health issues/procrastination and I really blew it. You have to understand that, as immature as this probably sounds, I really really look up to this particular professor as a mentor and scholar. I’ve read her research and discussed it with her. She’s given me lots of book and movie recommendations. We’ve talked outside of class about art and philosophy and mental illness and life in general. I try not to burden her too much, and to give her space, because I know she’s not my friend, or parent, but she’s been so encouraging and motivating to me, and shown me a lot of kindness and sympathy when my depression, OCD, and PTSD stated to become more and more obvious (I was eventually hospitalized in the middle of the semester once).

Anyway, I told her how much I genuinely enjoyed the class and learned from it, despite my poor performance, and admitted that I was disappointed in myself and wished I could do it over again. She told me I needed to “take life less seriously” and that I perhaps cared “a little too much” about her class for my own good. She was very sympathetic (as always), but it made me realize how I come across and how I need to change that.

I know she’s right. I now feel so ridiculous for caring so much about everything. I really want to stop being so self-absorbed and taking everything so seriously and just relax, but I do really care about the impression I’ve made, not in everyone, but on her and my other mentors. I need to just stop caring so much. I KNOW it doesn't matter. I KNOW I need to focus more on other people and less on myself, I just don't know HOW. I will try, at any rate.