A devilish plan Long post coming, and idk why my grammar gets worse and worse through this so sorry.

&amp;#x200B;

BACKGROUND:  My dad has always been against video games, since my sister and I were born, but he still bought me a Nintendo DS when I was little, and it was just amazing. Generally played Mario games, really fun times... He also got me Minecraft( cause he's an engineer and likes the idea of creative mode).

One day though, when I was about 10, he read an article that talked about how games make you more violent in general and all that, and since then, he took my Nintendo DS and uninstalled any games from his computer. 

Time went by, and both of us understood our lesson and didn't play any form of video games since then. The first few months were harsh, but afterwards, everything went well. Now, though, all of my friends have at least one console, and they always tell me: " Come on, bro, just talk to your parents and convince them to buy you a PS4 so we can play together", I always brush it off and tell them that I don't really want to and stuff, but deep down I really want to play some Warzone and shit with the boys...

Here is where the post starts:

Last year, my cousins from the US came to stay for 2 weeks at our place, and they brought their Nintendo Switch, and boy oh boy, let me tell you, we had tons of fun, it was really epic. My entire family played Smash Bros. Ultimate together, and it was amazing. Our cousins even bought Super Mario Party on the spot just cause they enjoyed how much genuine happiness we got from playing Smash. It was really really fun.

\* And so, after the 2 weeks, me and my sister decided that we have to buy a Nintendo Switch, so since then, our (genius, might I add) plan started. We began saving money(our scholarships), and we reached 1050 dollars, which is pretty much a lot, 4 times the price of a Nintendo Switch. The only problem left was: "How do we buy it and use it?!". Well, that's the tricky part.

In November lat year, I threw a birthday party at my place, with 14 of my friends( my birthday was on the 14th hmmm, coincidence?), and it went amazing, so I thought: What if I make it look as if my friends bought me a Switch for my birthday? And decided that's how I'll proceed, so the plan is:

1. Save money( which I already did)
2. Tell my friends( already done)
3. Go buy the Switch ( one week prior to the birthday party, with 2 of my friends)
4. Keep the Switch at one of my trustworthy friends' house ( already chose one)
5. Organize the party( another hard part of the plan)
6. Hope for the best, and prepare for the worst.

Personally, I think there are a few flaws to this plan:

1. The money: a.  how do I spend the money without my parents questioning it? Cause they sometimes might ask me to borrow 20$ or something like that, and I can't just use them like that. The good part is that we have saved way more money that what we actually need to spend

b. the money comes in different currencies( but this isn't really that big of a problem, we'll just change it, but there's this)

2.  Organize the party: COVID-19 kinda messes this up I guess, I'll try convincing my parents but I don't think it'll work, at least not at my house, maybe in a park or something, idk.

3. My dad's reaction: this one decides everything. If dad reacts positively, then everything was worth it. If not, I'll have a bit of explaining to do and maybe a few months grounded, but I hope not, I mean, what can he do, ask my friends to return it? I don't think so.

&amp;#x200B;

Any advice on how to decrease the risk of a negative reaction from my dad?

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

TL;DR: Me and my sister want to buy a Nintendo Switch, but my dad is against video games, so we had to come up with a plan(the plan starts at the ,,\*".