How do I change my personality? I am a 19M who moved into a college dorm at the start of the semester. I had been hanging out with this one group of people and initially we got along well. I thought we were getting along fine but recently they have left me out of a lot of stuff. They asked my current roommate if he wanted to get an apartment with them, and he said no cause he was already getting one with someone else. They instead asked someone they don't talk to nearly as often as me. They were all hanging out the other night and I only found out cause my roommate told me. I have talked to my roommate and he is 100% that some of them just straight up don't like me and that I make them uncomfortable. Basically, I am a bit of a suck up and give compliments often because I thought that's how you could make people feel good. I also make unfunny obvious statements (if someone says "I'm so tired", I'll say "there's a solution to that"). Or because I want to fit in I'll not think before speaking ("what's cotton candy made of, crystallized sugar?"). I wanted their approval for the longest time but honestly I know that I'm not going to get it and that I am never going to be part of that group. I thought I was getting close to people at the start of the year but as my roommate put it, I'm trying to be welcome in a group where I am unwelcome.

Whenever someone struggled making friends the answer is always "get out there and talk to people!" That's exactly what I did. It is a fault with me. I know j have self loathing issues and literally 0 self esteem. I think what went wrong is that bled through, depsite my efforts to hide it and my craving for apprival from other people to validate myself is what drove them away. I screwed up, and I won't be able to get that group back. I will likely be alone over break and depressed about this for a while. The fault is my personality, my stupid obvious statements, my sucky up-ness because if my lack of confidence. I'm not someone people want to be around and I need to basically entirely redo my personality. How do I redo make personality?