I robbed a bank in my dream and I think my dream boyfriend got arrested 😔 So, I had a dream last night where me and three other people (that I don't know in real time) went to a mall that had a bank section in it. I don't remember it all, but I think one guy, I think his name was Liam killed someone, but I didn't see it, and me and my dream boyfriend Rafi aka Rafael robbed the bank while the other girl that was there did something else. When we all go out, we went to a grocery section to ac natural and the guy at the checkout was talking to Rafi about me, and the only thing I heard the cashier say was "but they way you talk about her, I think you should make her your girlfriend or your wife" (assuming that we were already dating, but we weren't yet.) 

Afterwards Rafi wanted to deposit the money that we just stole, but since he was one of the main people on the security video, I told him that we should probably leave. He had a black mask on (like the regular masks we're wearing today) and held up a book to hide his face as we walked past a few officers. I kept reassuring him and telling him to act natural by pushing the book down and smiling and glancing over his shoulder to "read" it. Once we were out the door, the whole gang ran, but we pretended that we were racing but laughing, and while I ran for some reason I looked at one of the cops, but he just smiled, and I knew we weren't suspects. 

We ran around the corner and there was this sewer hole, and Liam and the other girl jumped in. I thought I would be too thick to fit, but a jump down and the opening closed. We ran all the way down and found out secret hideout, (but I don't think it was the actual sewer it was just an underground area, because it didn't smell like sewage) and I told Liam he should probably change the way to open the door, because it literally said "open brown door" on the front, but he ignored me. We walked in, but then from a different point of view, I dare a blonde girl wearing a doctor's coat looking inside our bunker, watching us. Fast forward, Liam did some sort of ritual with the guy he killer's ashes, and somehow got powers.

After it was done I saw the blonde girl had ran away, because I could see her shoes running from the window, period and Liam catches her, brung her back, and choked her, and position started to run through her. Me and the other girl had our hands up, because our hands were covered with some substance from Liam's ritual. I started to get scared how Liam had because so quick to almost murder someone else. So when he stopped, I called the other girl to talk to her on the second floor. I told her I was scared for us because Rafi was probably caught and in jail and we were supposed to be together, and Liam almost murdered another person, but before I could finish Liam called me down to speak to me. That's when I was getting ready to wake up and all I know is that the blonde girl was a Dr but like rouge I guess. I just hope that Rafael is okay, because I miss him and don't even know him. :_(