Down sad Hey to whoever’s reading this, just making  this post to sort of rant. Can’t really talk to anyone I know or whatever so I’m posting it here. Feeling shit tbh, in like every part of my life. Thought these holidays would help me sort everything out and whatnot but they did nothing tbh. I hate school, but I’m somewhat smart, I get good marks on math and science but recently they’ve been decreasing, I can’t stand going there tho, numerous reasons. My best friend is very smart his like top 1 student smart and my parents can’t go a minute without comparing us. I’m still rly good friends with him but they make me feel like cutting bonds with him. My social life is abysmal, mainly bc of my own doing, besides the friend from school I have like 3 others who I know don’t really care abt me. Most days I sit studying and watching some anime. My relationship with my parents has really gone down hill. Last year it took a serious turn for the worst, there were weeks where my mother refused to talk to me and my father only talked to me about my school work. At one point my mother wanted to kick me out for reasons I’m still unsure. This all led to me developing unhealthy habits, a little self harm but mainly an eating addiction, so you can assume I put on a lot of weight. So in September I started gyming in my uncles garage. I would train everyday for about 3 months, and I was making good progress. But for better or worse my father forced me to stop because I wasn’t doing what my body needed apparently. In response to this I started eating  a shit ton again. During October me and I girl I knew for about 6 months at that time started dating. It ended with her ghosting me essentially. Our country’s in another lockdown so it was easy for her. That affected me pretty badly, I still think about her everyday . As you can imagine, all these things add up to me being pretty sad. I’ve jumped between telling myself to suck it up and move on and saying that I do deserve to be happy sometimes. I got the rona recently and damn did I get it at the wrong time, I sit it bed all day and do nothing. All in all I know that I’m feeling sorry for myself and that this post is a mess. Thx if you took your time out to read and I hope u guys are all good.