An Open Letter to My AP English Teacher  Dear Ms. \[redacted\],

I hope this letter finds you well. I am writing this letter to make a special request, but before I make the request, let me just be frank with you. I am disappointed with you. 

At the beginning of this school year, you have said that we will learn much about writing essays and analyzing literature. I had been very excited to learn English with you. However, after you have given me (and a majority of the students in the class) an F on my first rhetorical analysis essay that I have ever written, I have started to become disillusioned with you. As I gradually improved my essays to a B, and my interest in this class started to grow, you started argument essays, and again gave us F’s. It seems like how much you care about our grades is only 0.5% of how much we do. As time went by, this class has become more and more outrageous. You has given vocab quizzes where we have to type 10 sentences in 1 minute, which brought my grade down significantly. Your multiple-choice tests on the books that we read are equally ridiculous, asking on details that are weirdly specific to the point of absurdity. For example, on the book *The Color Purple* by Alice Walker (which I absolutely hate by the way, not just for the way the book is written \[a whole bunch of letters, with a whole bunch of misspelled (misspelt?) words and extremely poor grammar, which caused my grammar to deteriorate, and I believe that may have been reflected in this letter\] but I also dislike this book for its content), you asked a question about how many times the protagonist have been raped. I mean the life of the protagonist is sad, I know, but you don’t have to ask extremely specific questions, and seriously, who the heck is counting that? You have also given poorly written instructions, and take points off for ridiculous reasons. You have given me today a 2/5 on the prewrite that I wrote for the research paper just because I didn’t single-space the subtopics, and I double checked your instructions and NOWHERE did you say to single-space subtopics. I personally believe that the contents of the pre-write is much more important than the formatting, but maybe that’s just me. 

Therefore, my special request is this: Stop being f\*\*king ridiculous or just step down and let someone else who is more qualified to take this job!