My parents have been abusing me, both physically and verbally, for years. I honestly don't even know where to start with this. Its like the posts on [r/insaneparents](https://www.reddit.com/r/insaneparents/) relate to me so much I kind of just look through all them and start browsing reddit normally. First off, if you asked my younger brother about this, he'd say everything's fine and dandy because we BOTH thought this was what every single child in the world experienced. He still does. What I mean by experienced is the fact that you get beaten with [bats](https://www.google.com/search?q=cricket+bats&amp;sxsrf=ALeKk022fPtbzRoHDEE-DnPhUtiU_xFbXQ:1602655041260&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=2ahUKEwiM2bmjs7PsAhVIxYUKHQyaDh8Q_AUoAXoECBcQAw) and shoes and literally anything a lot, get called a failure and that you've achieved nothing in life and that you're a disappointment to the family, get made fun of in front of your relatives, get mocked by your parents for having a stutter and loads of others. This all started when I was 9. Fucking 9.

In the country we moved to, beating your child is seen as something every parent does and that its completely, motherfucking. normal. I am not joking. We've been to parties where everyone, be it a child, a teenager, an adult talked and laughed happily remembering how they got beaten when they were little. It went a little something like this:

"Hey X, how did you get beaten when you were little lol. I got punched in the face with tennis rackets"

"Haha lmao I got beaten by slippers and shoes! What about you, Z?"

"I got choked by my parents for not praying enough"

"LMAO they did the right thing"

"Ah, good old memories".

Said in front of me by my uncles, older cousins and a bunch of other people who I don't care about nor have I met properly. Its like everyone thinks beating your kid is a "good way to make them behave" and understand stuff.

Now lets move onto my family, which consists of me, my younger bro, my mom and dad. I thoroughly remember the night my dad forcefully choked my mom in a sofa and told her to die when I was 7. I remember all the nights he said he wanted to die and leave us behind. I remember all the times we were in our car and just when everything was finally normal, they'd start arguing again and my dad would say something like "If you keep shouting I swear to god I'm gonna crash the car" and my mom would reply back with "Go on ahead. Do it". Every single time he started smoking and I wouldn't be able to breathe, I'd tell my mom to tell him to stop and she'd tell me to say it to him myself, which I wouldn't cuz I was scared of him. This still happens today. I hate it when he smokes because then I have to move out of the room and go somewhere else.

They called me stuff like that so much that I actually believe it now. Every time I look in the mirror, all I can think to myself is how much of a pathetic loser I am, because that's what they've been fucking saying to me all these years. I don't even remember the amount of times I've gone to bed and cried there and stayed awake all night wishing my parents didn't scream this much. Yesterday night I got another fucking panic attack thinking of all of these memories. I cried for more than an hour and kept gasping for air and my eyes kept sort of darting everywhere and my hands were holding my head like it was a magnet. Both of my parents don't know about these. They don't know how much I cry at night and when I'm alone. They don't believe in privacy because "Why would a child need to have his/her own time to do what they want?". (They're also the type of people who think kids should listen to their parents no matter what the fuck is going on and that talking back to them is disrespect).

And you know what's happened because of all this? I've started talking to myself. Like I imagine myself in a room with my friends and keep talking to them when I'm laying down at night. Idk why I do that. The last time I had friends was in 2017 and sometimes I feel a bit too lonely, especially since now its corona time and we're trapped at home. My mom hurls insults at me like its nothing. Like she might be walking towards something and turn around and call me a fat, useless, piece of trash and then go away, completely unaware of the effect it has on me. And y'know what? I honestly don't care anymore. Someone could literally come upto me and tell me to die and I wouldn't even care. This has been happening for so long its totally normal now. Just a week ago my dad beat up my brother and the next morning, *snap.* **BACK TO NORMAL**. They start acting a little nice again and done. That's it. That's another week.

They've brainwashed me into thinking school and getting a good education is everything in life. Like all you should do is study hard and enjoy it when you're their age, which is 40. My mental health has been degraded so much because of all this I just do what I'm told. Loads of times I think to myself whether all of this actually happened or if I'm making this up and that I'm the one who's insane and that my parents are innocent. These guys think that depression and anxiety and fear doesn't exist. And the people who *are* depressed or have anxiety are "just faking it for fame". So many times when I was younger, I'd tell them I'm scared of how dark my room is and they'd tell me to suck it up and that the only thing I SHOULD be scared of is god. The amount of times they bring up religion into EVERYTHING is amazing. And I'm not even supposed to ask questions about it. Like if I don't understand something about the religion, my mom slaps me or my back hard for raising questions about the "divine faith".

Everytime we watch tv together, all she does is criticize the people on there, much like how she criticizes me for every single thing I do. Like if a girl isn't wearing a "proper attire", she'd say something like "People like these will go to hell for wearing revealing clothes" or some other bullshit. She also thinks Lgbt is a complete hell because "Muslims don't believe in those", meaning they both are very homophobic. They'll also openly say anything to any other religion unless its about ours.

My mom has made fun of my stuttering a lot. She opens up her mouth and makes these choking noises and intentionally tries to stammer to mock me and says that this is what's gonna happen when I go out into the real world if "I don't try to fix it", not knowing how much this hurts me inside.

Ok so we moved here 2 years ago, in 2018, and everything about this country is trash. Like everything's different. Idk why we moved (They both tell me its because the conditions in the country we moved from weren't very good anymore) but I hate it here. All 4 of us do. My first day of school in here was so fucking degenerate, like I couldn't speak properly because of my stutter and everything and the entire class, INCLUDING THE TEACHER laughed at me and kept laughing even though I told them to stop. I'm not gonna tell a lot about the school since that's an entire story on its own but what I'm gonna say is that this school has made me feel a lot insecure about me being overweight, having a stutter, and the fact that I don't know a whole lot about their language.

Like I'm not gonna go on and cry like a baby but I've never, ever been complimented or hugged or something by people other than them. Its like I know they're insane but there have also been times where they helped me. Like in art projects in school or tests or something. And that's the confusing part. Like I hate them for what they've done to me but there's still a bit of good in them? Does that mean I'm in the wrong?

The first time I learned about [r/insaneparents](https://www.reddit.com/r/insaneparents/) I just kept away from it, because again at that time I thought everyone had the type of parents I had. Then I went onto the sub one day because I was bored and whoopee! Nearly every single post describes them more than I can. I've read all their top posts so many times because all of that has happened to me. My mom has threatened me by saying she'll break both my arms, or both my legs, or that she'll kill me if I didn't get good marks in school. Everything leading upto grade 6 was "good". By that I mean all A plus scores in every exam. Got homeschooled in Grade 7 and then came here. Now I'm in 10. The past 2 years have been the worst in my life.

Since everything here is different or something, I got a 78 in my finals. Mom nearly had a heart attack when she saw it. And I knew it was coming, she'd now beat me up, then call dad and he'd beat me when he got home and what will continue is an entire week of me being miserable. AND that's exactly what happened. In 9th grade I got an 82. Rinse and repeat the exact same thing.

My dad's come out to us many times saying he doesn't love us anymore and that we're this huge disappointment to him. Mom thinks that I should get beaten 24/7 until I learn to accept what's gonna happen if I don't get good marks, don't study well, don't listen to them, don't pray at the right time, don't treat them with respect, etc. I'm legit crying right now while typing this. I don't know what to fucking do anymore. That fact that I'm the ONLY one who thinks of all this as being wrong is driving me insane. Please tell me I'm fucking right. Please.

The fact that they shrug everything off is the sad part. Like they do all this and act normal. Which I don't fucking get. And I'm supposed to keep a straight face all day long, trying not to think about all this, trying not to cry because they might see me and keeping all my emotions inside me, while they keep getting away with it. I wanna curl up into a little ball and die.

And there's so much more. So much that I probably have forgotten by now, things much more worse. How in the hell am I going to keep everything together, while taking in the thing that our exams start from next month. These guys don't believe in child neglect, or abuse. They've guilt tripped me into thinking they're good parents, when they're not. This past week alone I've cried around 2 to 3 times per day and just keep hugging my pillow.

If I go ANYWHERE without my parents, even for 5 minutes, they start going crazy and keep shouting my name. Which is why everytime I do something by myself, I keep checking the door after a minute or two to see if anyone's coming. I just wanna be left alone, somewhere I can cry and think in peace and hate myself in peace. Everytime I do something, my mom comes up behind me and hits me and says "if you keep doing this, no one's gonna marry you when you grow up or if you're too short". I'm motherfucking 15, you shouldn't be talking about stuff like that.

I don't know anymore. What should I do?