Guys, I think I've posted this before, but things have only gotten worse. So if anybody doesn't know, I (15)  live with my dad and step mom, my little step sister (12) and my step brothers (17 and 21). My step brothers and I get along just fine, and the oldest one I learned was the bestest friend that I've ever had. But let me tell you what we all know about my step-sister. She is smart as hell with a tested IQ of 120, no joke. Yet she is spoiled to all hell and our parents treat her like she is incapable of doing anything wrong, she always gets excused out of everything, only nice to you when its convenient to her. All of us are required to work our butts off making sure the house is clean every day but she doesn't have to because she has "headaches" which she apparently gets only when she has to clean. And of course if you say anything about her to the parents (god forbid) it will get turned on us and that she never fits in with anyone, she gets headaches, she never gets help with schoolwork (btw she does but she pretty much makes us do it and if we don't, she whines to mommy saying we didn't help her.) Always treats me like I'm stupid, always acts like she is better than all of us but is so helpless when its in front of her mom. 
Btw one thing that is NOT tolerated and is punished heavily for in this house is lying. She is the biggest liar in this whole household, but the parents don't believe it. If nobody says anything when asked who did something, my step mom gets enraged, because nobody is being honest. Its almost always my step sister who doesn't say a damn thing. We are all forced to fess for what she does, and apparently I'm the liar and manipulator, to the point where my step mom just tolerates me at this point. 
So anyways, I need advice here: My step mom is diabetic and she had bought some french silk pie, which she couldn't find for months. She bought it because chocolate was something that would bring her sugars up when they were low, and it was her favorite. By the time she had her first piece, that was the last piece in the pie because people ate it. I admit I had 1 piece. My dad had like 3, and there were still 3 not known who ate them. Of course, my poor precious innocent never lying step sister "only had one and that's when she asked", when all the other 3 of us siblings knew damn well she had the other pieces, the look on her face made it so obvious. But she kept with her story. So I was forced to say that I lied and I had the other pieces, and my punishment was that my step mom didn't want anything to do with me for a week, she didn't want me talking to her, and she wasn't going to talk to me. Pretty much she is going to pretend like I don't exist for the next week, for punishment on "lying too much" which I'm sure my step sister loved because she hates me and is way too protective of her mom and gets overly jealous when anyone is near her. Yes guys, we give her chances to fess up. There was a time where we all waited literally an hour and 15 minute with the parents staring at us getting angrier and angrier, until plates were being thrown and broken, food was going all over the floor, threats were being made, and my step mom was threatening to leave and go to a hotel for a few days. Well known fact that she despises lying. So finally I had to fess up, and I spent my Valentines day alone because of it. First time Ive ever heard my step brother swear, first time anyone ever heard him swear (hes a big prude) was at me when he told me "fuck you" in tears, because he honestly thought I was the one who did it, which makes sense because I "fessed up" when it should have been my step sister. When we mention anything about her lying, we always get accused of "throwing her under the bus" and blah blah excusing poor step sister who never lies and is perfect and is always picked on. And I can't just ignore her because we get in trouble if we don't include her in literally anything, everything she HAS to be apart of. But every time she just ruins everything with her attitude and that she has to control everything. And she hates me in particular for some reason and tries doing just small things at a time to make my life a living hell. My step mom still isn't talking to me, and my step sister even though I keep telling her that I'm not allowed to talk to her but she keeps rubbing it in pretending to forget "Oh why don't you go talk to her then?" "Can you ask her something for me?" What the hell do I do guys, I can't handle any of this anymore. Her step brothers also have to deal with her bullshit too, and I feel bad because apparently they had it 10000× worse as she was growing up and their lives were horrible because of it. Please, advice, or comfort. I need some serious help.