I was RAPED at 12 years old... Hi I’m Ally, this is the story of when I was raped four years ago. For the few of you that see this and read all the way through, Thank You, I’m sorry it’s so long. Let me take you back in time, so that you can understand what I have to say. On this day, at 7:30pm(EST) exactly four years ago on January 1st, 2017, my family came over to celebrate the New Year. New Years Eve we did fireworks and fun, the normal traditions. But the following night(Tonight), was just for the two sets of parents. So, they left the house at 8:53pm(EST), but not before they left my Brother(16), In charge of, my my four cousins(14M,15M,15M,16M), my younger cousin(11F), and me(I was 12). So, everything was good for about the first fifteen minutes, the boys were being boys in the other room, playing some game, etc... And my cousin(11F, we’ll call her Sophia) and I, we were the only girls in the house and much younger than the boys so we were in the living room having fun with ourselves. Reliving some trends like the “Damn Daniel”, Harambe, Various Challenges, and just having a good time. But, like I said, about fifteen minutes later the boys room was quite and we didn’t think much of it we thought they were focused gaming or maybe starting a movie. But then the five of them come out excited and messing with each other. This wasn’t out of the ordinary so Sophia and I didn’t think much of it, and we had no reason to distrust our family. They then grabbed a quick drink, came over to us and ask what we were doing, if we were having fun, etc.. We invited the boys to join with the challenges. Then they said they had a new game, where the lights are off, and someone had to catch everyone moving when they randomly hit the lights back on. Sophia and I thought that was fun, especially with a big group. Keep in mind it’s only been 20min since our parents left. So, the game begins and the first round was normal, but then things took a dark turn in the second round, it was dark and Sophia and I couldn’t see each other, but then I heard Sophia scream and I ran over to help her in a heart beat, but then someone grabbed me, and covered my mouth with their hand. Then the next second I knew the lights were on and Sophia and I are forced on the couch. Two of them holding us down while the other three undressed us and put our underwear in our mouths to keep us from screaming. We were squirming and trying to fight ourselves free, yelling at them to stop, begging, and pleading. But they kept telling us to, “Shut up” or “You’ll enjoy it”, etc... And since Sophia and I were both virgins we were both terrified, and I knew that since I was the oldest between the two of us, I have to look after her. But then they got undressed and pulled their dicks out of their underwear, that’s when Sophia began to cry, and I began to cry, fight, and scream even more. I went into overdrive. But it was no use. Then I’m sure you guys can figure out what happened for the next hour and a half. They were never caught, and Sophias’ screams still haunt me from time to time. I felt so powerless to save her, we never reported them because we were, embarrassed, traumatized, and terrified of them. We talk about it from time to time, but Sophia is way stronger and smarter than I am, she was able to get her life straight afterwards. But, my personality was never the same, and it made me who I am today, I could’ve been completely different if it weren’t for that one night. In the four years since, my Brother Over Dosed on Heroine. Sophias’ Parents along with her youngest brother(The 14M) passed away in a car accident. Her two 15 year old brothers, are in Prison. And her older 16 year old Brother, married and moved to Canada. Sophia now lives with me and my parents(Her Aunt and Uncles’ Place). I’m going to be 17 in February and Sophia will be 16 June. Most Rapes are done by people the victims know well, I have never felt comfortable opening up about this, until recently, here felt like a safe and meaningful place to put our story. If you have been Raped, speak up! No matter how terrifying it can be, reach out there for help, even if it’s here on Reddit. We have to support one another. This is something that no one should have to experience, and I wouldn’t wish it on anyone. And if you are planning on Raping someone, please, I beg of you don’t. It may make you feel good for a few minutes, an hour, maybe two or whatever, but the trauma that person experiences and the potential guilt is long lasting. And if you don’t care, well then go fuck YOURSELF! Imagine if someone rapped you! And to anyone who feels insecure around people because of this, don’t be afraid to have some things to defend yourself with, and try to avoid those scenarios where you could be alone with them if possible, and if you can’t tell them you have to leave, invite someone, or be somewhere in public. I wish I could say more but this is already very long. So thank you for attending my Ted Talk, Enjoy your New Year!🙃