A Big Rant About Any Thoughts I had While Listening To the Halo 3:ODST Soundtrack I'm sitting here in my bed listening to the 10 hour version of the Halo 3:ODST soundtrack at 3:39AM when I have to wake up in less than 2 hours for school. God I'm so afraid all the time. I don't know what's going to happen after highschool and that scares me. I have 2 years of the only life I've known left, after that I know I want to enlist into the USMC but it's still so so terrifying. You know there's this quote thats been bothering me alot lately, it reads as: "I didn't know we were making memories, we were just playing"- Whinnie The Pooh. I might've messed it up a little but you get the point. I used to love Whinnie The Pooh when I was younger. Why can't I remember that? Why cant I remember my little handmade plushie of him? Why cant I remember the last time my parents were laughing together? Why is the last memory of my mom before she fucking left us is her sitting my sister and I down with my dad telling us that they've decided to get a divorce? Why cant I remember anything before that, I'm trying so so hard right now and I just can't. Why am I crying right now? God I hate this, this fucking sucks. It's going to suck even more when I have to leave everything I thought mattered. I'm so scared, Im scared of what comes after highschool and Im scared what's after that because I'm scared of being forgotten after I die, I'm scared of the world not knowing my name. That's pretty selfish thinking about it. Why is everything after so scary and why am I so scared? Why am I asking more questions? Jesus our lives are kinda built up out of fear aren't they? I think that's kinda beautiful in a way though. Its difficult to put into words but I know its beautiful. 

I've been talking to this girl lately, I told her how I feel and she said that she said that if its going somewhere she needs me to be a little more open with my emotions. I told her that's something I could do. Is this a subconscious attempt at being more emotional. Wait she didn't ask me to be more emotional, she asked me to be more open about them. So why the hell am I here crying at 3:56AM? Maybe I needed it. Maybe someone else needed it. Maybe I just wanted to. I dont even know. God man but this girl is beautiful. She's funny, cute, smart, and she even has a lisp which I think is the cutest thing ever. But lately we haven't been having meaningful conversations I feel like. I've been super dry ever since I've told her how I feel. We also haven't hung our irl in person. But tonight she told me about a boy who she couldnt get her mind off of. Was it in a romantic way? And why do I care so much? I dont know, I don't think I should think about it. Besides I can always bring it up in person later.

I think this concludes my rant, thank you to anyone that read it. Just know I didnt do this for some bullshot like Karma that does absolutely nothing for me irl. Just know I think II did this "for those who went into the cowling darkness and never came back". Its okay to be emotional and talk about them. Go into the cowling darkness and come back, itll make you stronger.