Just a teen looking for advice. If this would be better in a different sub, let me know.

So this is very long, my apologies in advance, but if you are going to comment I kindly ask you to read the whole thing or move on without commenting. Basically I am just looking for any advice I can get. I also apologize my writing sounds disjointed, messy, sloppy, etc., I am new to this whole thing, these are new feelings and thoughts that I have had bottled up for a few years and only now do I feel the need to share them. Thanks to anyone in advance.

So for starters I'm a 15 yo guy. I've "liked" girls before for several years, but it was purely because of their looks, so I've never really had a real crush per say if having a crush entails that you are friends at least somewhat and don't just like someone for their looks. What I mean is I have never even gone so far as to become friends with any girl. I am an introvert and I already have trouble making friends, let alone of the other gender. I envy other boys who are extraverts and can get along with people, including girls well.

A bit of background: I was born into a practicing Catholic family and go to a small classical Catholic school. I have this feeling that, hypothetically, even if I were to befriend a girl, and even if in the even rarer case that we both thought of each other as "something more than friends," that my parents would not support it, what I mean is I am the oldest child in the family so I honestly don't know when the time comes how they will treat dating/girlfriends so I am very, very hesitant to dabble with that subject. I mean they have (kindly) teased me in years past about it but I don't think they were serious.

I have heard that a good youngest age to date is at the minimum 16, so I'm probably still a bit too young idk maybe, but I wanna look into the future. Speaking of which, if for some reason you haven't already figured it out, I have already decided that I want to get married and have children someday. One fear I have though is that when I look to the juniors and seniors in my school (like I said, we are a small school) none of them really ever talk dating, or tease each other about liking each other, nothing. They're all just friends. So far as I know there are no relationships between students within the school. But like I said it is a Catholic school, where overt displays of affection are prohibited, so I think that it's merely a product of the culture of the school.

But still, from many sources I hear about people dating in high school, but I feel like even in a year or two, since the culture of the school appears to put dating off until after you graduate, I figure that I will be out of luck until college. It appears to me that everywhere else people are dating in high school years, but I feel a little left out/robbed because of the school I go to.

Now don't get me wrong, I am eternally grateful to my parents for sending me to a Catholic school, and I understand that there are those who would love to go to private school but their families can't afford it. But sometimes, just sometimes, I like to wonder what my life would be like if I had just been a normal public school kid.
Now I don't consider myself particularly attractive (okay, my parents call me handsome, and sometimes other adults, but none of that really counts.) and I struggle with acne which doesn't help my self esteem. From what I can think of there's nothing really interesting about me, I'm slightly short and scrawny, not the ideal tall and athletic guy. The only thing I can think of is that I could quite possibly be the smartest, as I graduated 8th grade with the highest grades out of all the boys, (But in a small class, that's pretty easy.) and finished last year with a 3.9 GPA.

Bit of a recapitulation:

I'm only 15, and I don't know if I should have started getting ready for this earlier or if I shouldn't worry about this till later. I've liked girls for their looks before, but I'm an introvert and have trouble making friends and never befriended a girl, so I've never really had a "crush". (if having a crush entails being friends at least somewhat first) I don't want to screw up my chances with any particular girl in the future, so supposing I did have a crush, I don't know if I should wait for a sign or confession from someone that they like me, or if I should confess myself, and if so when and at what age. It doesn't help that I go to a Catholic school that has a culture that doesn't really support relationships with students, but everywhere I look I see and hear of people dating in high school, which only adds to my confusion. Even worse, I am the oldest child of the family, so not only am I new to this, but so are my parents, and I don't think they want me dating just yet. (Like I said, I'm only 15, so I can wait, my fear is just that I am waiting too long, for the reason I stated before.)

Okay so if you read this whole thing, my goodness, thank you for bearing with me. Any advice that anyone has is greatly appreciated. I just feel like a confused human being stumbling blindly through a dark cave. If no one has anything to say I will continue living my life and move on, and let God lead me where he will. My only fear is that I am going to wait too long and miss the opportunity to develop valuable relationships, (And not just romantic ones.)

If anyone wants any clarification on anything I've said, please just ask. 🙂

Thank you all so much. I am new to this sub but y'all seem like such a loving and supportive community that I am so excited to be a part of. 😊
Cheers and good health to you all! May 2020 become a better year for all of us!