I got pranked but now crave permanent unconsciousness So this is kinda a short story but had a big impact on my emotions so I just want to rant;

So my best friend for like 4 years, lets call them Emily, messages me basically saying in short they have a huge crush on my older brother and wants his number. Seems harmless right? well with how emotionally fragile i am it's probably one of the worst things they could have done, because throughout my entire life i've had the expectation to be just like my brother; throughout school virtually every teacher that had previously taught my brother compared me with him and asked if i was as good as him at this or that, and to put it simply we were total opposites couldn't be more different unless one of us was a different ethnicity and/or female. so my best friend turning round saying they have a huge ass crush on him just made me feel like he had taken Emily away from me, like i couldn't help but think that we couldn't be friends at all anymore because Emily would have more interest in my brother instead of me. like even those who know me and my brother compare us, his friends expect me to be like him and sometimes MY friends have asked why am i not more like him. with my self esteem already being a plank length in diamiter Emily saying they had a huge crush on my brother was the atom bomb to destroy what remained. now i know some peopel are going to say "you only feel this way because you actually like Emily and you didn't want to see them with someone else" and no, that's not true, we tried dating about 2 years ago and it just didn't work, so we went to being friends because we just hella vibe. and idc who they date, I even after breaking up with them set Emily up with my other best friend, and they got along great, i heard too much about his penis and can never see him the same way again, but we all still vibe together. my brother has always been better at me at virtually anything and just the threat of him being able to take my best friend like that shook me to the core and i literally felt a wave of dread over my body as i read the message. that "prank" for april first was just the worst, only prank i had all day and i hated it. after Emily said April fools i felt slightly relieved but then went into one of my signature "i hate myself" moods, where i tell those that i know care how shit i feel and how shitty of a person i am and they proceed to disagree with me obviously because they care, but instead of just fishing for complements in these moods i poke hole in everything they say, i have yet to have been given a complement and not have me come up with some floor in it making it then meaningless to me. and when i'm in these moods it's virtually impossible to get me out of it. and i usually stay like that for the whole day. i don't want any comments about any of this i just want to rant somewhere where people can see because ranting into a diary/journal seems pointless to me if no one is going to read it, like if you don't want someone to read it keep in your head dummy.  we had a huge basically argument where Emily said i was Great and my brother actually scared them, and i said i hate myself and no one will ever want to date me or like me other than them and my other best friend, and they are the only two people but even then both of them have better friends than me, and no one really wants to hang round with the depressed kid for the reason that they are a kill joy and don't listen to anything good in the world or about them. 

long story short i hate myself i thought my best friend had a huge crush on my brother, hated myself some more, the end