Messed up by flashing all they guys in my class including my teacher in history \*I originally posted this on [r/tifu](https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/) but someone told me to post it here so might as well:)\*

This was actually around three years ago but I still find it funny even if I was suuuuper embarrassed about it at the time.

Flashback to about three years ago, in History class. Everybody was minding their own business: some doing their work, some on their phones, etc. We actually had a pretty chill teacher at the time, who didn't mind us swinging back and forth on our chairs, unlike other teachers that even told us "horrifying" stories about kids splitting their heads open from falling back. Those kinds of stories were basically told to us by most teachers just so we don't get hurt or damage any chairs, even though nobody ever listened to them (including me lol).

Just for context: I was sitting somewhere in the middle of the class, with my back facing all the damn the guys (the tables aren't straight lol they all face different directions for some reason). At the time I accidentally flashed them, the teacher was at the back of the class, checking if they had done any work.

Back to the story... I was swinging back and forth on my chair while everybody was minding their own business. I suddenly lose my balance and bash my back on the floor, taking the chair with me. My legs for some reason spread wiiiide open and stayed there without me realizing, exposing everything, since I was wearing a skirt lol. All the guys ( and teacher eek) looked down at me after the huge thud of me falling back and just stared at my fucking c00ch for a solid 5 seconds. After the shock, I got back up (everyone was silent af) and slowly tried to sit down. As if that wasn't enough, my skirt got caught up on the top rail (back) of the chair, exposing my ass. On top of that, I had a wedgie, making everything even more embarrassing oof. Everyone obviously burst out laughing. I hadn't felt that embarrassed in YEARS.

I was kept being reminded of it by everyone (especially the guys who saw everything) for about a whole ass month rip. I got over it eventually but damn that was embarrassing....

TL;DR: I flashed all they guys and teacher im my class by swinging back and forth on my chair, losing my balance and fallling back while everybody stared and laughed at me oof

**0 Comments**