So I feel like my grandpa is replacing me with my parents tenants son. Tl:dr - Me and family moved nextdoor, now family upstairs has a boy my age and I can tell my grandpa enjoys him more than me.

Not tldr - So, for most of my life, I’ve lived in a two family house, which is split with two floors. Each floor 3 bed 1 bath. So me, my mom, my dad, my sister, and my two dogs got the upstairs, and my dads parents got the downstairs. From 5th grade to most of 8th grade (corona messed it up) my grandpa took me to school almost every day, 8th grade it became every other day when I started taking the bus. We love each other to death, I carry his middle name. And hey, we’re Hispanic, so we’re pretty darn close. So the people we knew next door moved and wanted us to take the house. So we did, but that left the upstairs vacant. So my parents wanted to rent it to someone. They were gonna pick this marine that was staying here for a bit, but gave it to a family near us who’s house burned down. So they come in, we’re next door, snazzy. So since I’m next door and now in high school all honors classes, I come over a lot less, I’ve been trying as hard as possible to visit and I can always only squeeze in an hour, I wish I had more time, but mostly I don’t. And whenever I come the kid from upstairs is with my grandpa watching football. I was never a sporty kid but I did play a lot cuz of my parents. Anyway, he’ll be talking with him and they’ll have coffee and they’ll be having a grand old time. Now whenever I knock on the door I say hi and my grandpa basically says “hey” in a mildly enthusiastic tone. My grandpa is around 60 ish. Well sit and talk, but mostly small talk. He’ll be coloring on his phone with the tv on, and well just sit there. He has his share of jokes, some funny others kinda hurtful. The two I’m talking about is him joking with my grandma saying I’m his and not my grandmas. The other is “you don’t love me anymore,” followed by “you used to love me.” And man, that frickin hits HARD every time. And just in general I feel like he has more fun with the kid upstairs and I feel like I’m being replaced.