any help from anyone  

It started when we were gonna play Among Us and get some friends as well. I own a pair of nice Turtle Beach headphones that I've had for 3 years, with 3 years, things that are used tend to wear down. In this case my audio jack decides to make everything very faint and i have to twist and move it in the audio port to hear things clearly. So i say I can't hear her and ask her to speak louder. I repeat this until i realize its my headphones and by then she's yelling at me telling me that I'm cheap and should just buy news ones. I have never seen this side of her before and i was just quiet from shock. Then she starts screaming at about how one of her deceased parents birthday was 2 days ago and that she's really sensitive right now. I had no clue. Then she starts talking about how she has this shit head of a brother and that her dad doesn't care about her. I told her I hadn't seen my dad in months he live on the other side of the country and as my parents are divorced, and that every time I see him we get close and will connect and that when i go back to my moms all of that work will be ripped away and then i wait another 6 months. She said how can that compare to your parent being dead and i was just silent. She then hung up.

I talked to her the day after and apologized for what happened. she said alright I forgive and moved on. Then at about 7:30 pm i had a BSA scout call. So i log into that and then I'm in the meeting and about 30 minutes in a hear them talking. It scared the living shit out of me. Later i realize I hadn't left discord all the way and was in a voice call, I text her friend whos in the call what the actual fuck is happening, In hindsight that was a overreaction and I apologized. I call her the next day, and no answer. Repeat for 3 days. On the 3rd day she texts me what do you want and i say I'm checking in because i haven't heard from her. She had invited me over for a BBQ this weekend at her house. I ask if she's ok and she says ask her friend. then she tells me that she doesn't think that we should be friends anymore since i was rude to her friend. I say hold up what happened during that zoom call really caught me off guard and looking back was a overreaction. I told her that I was sorry for what happened during the headphone incident and that i respect her situation and her feelings. I was cooking dinner at the time so my responses were 1-2 minutes late. She says i need to apologize to her friend who i already had MULTIPLE TIMES and got no response. She says i don't care how people feel which i really do as I'm a people pleaser. she says I'm done talking to you and to leave her alone while telling me to kiss her ass scumbitch. I say I don't understand I've apologized SO MUCH. She thinks that all i care about is the BBQ and I told her I care about the friendship more. She says her friend agrees with her and blocks me on all the apps we share. I woke up at 3 am not knowing what to do and decided i will email her. I emailed her today telling her that what she did made no sense as i had done everything right and that she was being rude and ignorant. She's been my best friend for 4 years, and i don't know how to get over it. I feel as if its my fault and hate myself for it, any thoughts