GUYS WTF JUST HAPPENED..... About them: So most Kurdish people believe in these 'ghosts' called 'Eshma Chetr' (you won't find them on google) including my parents, my parents siblings, and my ancestors but not me and my siblings. So they say that there was a mom, her son, and her daughter who died of starvation (no they're not African American) because someone trapped them in their basement and would only feed them 1 nan (flat circle bread) a day. But one day he went to his basement to give them a nan but not a single body was found. The next few days people somehow found out about it and reported it but still no bodies were found. The guy was sentenced to life in prison tho. There was no windows or any other exit for them to escape but they somehow did. They could not be found anywhere. So after that incident, everyone who put a whole meal with a nan and left it alone for hours, only the nan would slowly get eaten. Everyone started doing it but it stopped working after a year or so. Anyways enough about the bread getting eaten, they also found out that they showered once a week specifically on Wednesdays and if you showered on Wednesdays and hit one of them and if they got injured then you'd get injured and if they died they you'd die. So no one showered on Wednesdays. And that never stopped so it's still going on only in Kurdish.

What just happened to me: So my parents still don't let us shower on Wednesdays even tho me and my siblings think it's bs. But the other day my sister woke up at 6am (I was awake to see it because I was pulling an all nighter) to shower so my parents wouldn't know and she hasn't got injured or anything yet so that proved to us that it's bs. But today I went to the bathroom with my phone and I flushed once. Then I waited for like 10 minutes and (no joke) it just flushed on it's own. I thought that I accidentally flushed it so I didn't think of it too much. Then another 15 minutes later it flushed on it's own again. This time I was 100% positive that I didn't flush it so I said that if it flushes 1 more time than I gotta get tf outta there. And another 20 minutes later it flushed again on its own so I got tf outta there. And then I remembered that my sister showered at 6am the other day and I freaked out. Now I 60% believe that they're real but my siblings won't believe me and my parents will.