I came out as Bisexual to my girlfriend and it went better than expected Okay so obligatory this happened a few months ago, was in late February. Secondly, I struggle with anxiety, depression and self esteem issues on a regular

I realised I was bi was sat on a wall crabbing with my older sister just talking about sex and relationships, we have quite an open relationship so this wasn’t an awkward topic to discuss. It clicked in my mind after god knows how long that I was bi and there was no way around it. This was in July of last year.

I ended up coming out to one of my closest friends because the thought of telling my girlfriend petrified me. I knew I’d have to do it at some point and sooner rather than later would be best. I got myself really worked up over it, so worked up that I ended up having a string of nightmares across a 3 week time period of my girlfriend leaving me. Nearly every night I would wake up crying and shaking from just fear and anxiety and the thought of losing her because of my sexuality. 

Acting on the advice of my best friend and a few others I slowly started to drop hints to my girlfriend. Over the course of the next probably 4 months I would hint at it, still getting the occasional nightmare and break down but better progress towards ultimately coming out. 

As part of my 17th birthday my sister had bought us some Cage The Elephant tickets for late February as they were my favourite band and I had never been to a proper concert before. We went, it was an absolutely amazing night even if my anxiety did cause a little mishap at one point. Okay now onto the juicy bit I guess? 

I met up with my girlfriend on the Saturday following the concert, we did our usual cuddle and chat on her bed and watched a bit of Netflix. Then she asked how the concert was and I explained how it was fantastic and amazing and I wish she could’ve been there because there was so much energy and passion in the audience. She asked how the warm up acts were (they were both good) and I managed to tell her that I thought one of the guys was cute and that if I could’ve I probably would’ve had sex with them given the chance. She looked a little concerned and being anxious this sent waves of “Oh I’ve messed up, the nightmares are gonna come true”. Then kissed me then said “You better not do a Philip Schofield on me” with a smile and a giggle and I, well I was on the brink of tears at that point. We cuddled for the rest of the day.

She had been picking up on the hints, all that time, and I’m guessing had figured out that I wanted to tell her but was just too scared. I love that girl so much, she means the world to me and I’m so glad she’s so supportive of me. I wouldn’t be the person I am today without her. 

So yea, that’s how I came out to my girlfriend (of 3 years, in fact this was right before our 3rd anniversary; like a week before)