I'm tired of our current global situation. I don't mean COVID of course but like everything socially. I mean I'm pretty young. Just became a teenager. But I'm worried what'll happen to my kids. Are we gonna do smth about how different races are accepted? Like, ik our parents and our grandparents fricked this planet some but they also did some good. But there's still so much prejudice and hate towards minorities, prejudice against white people (not all of them are bad but some are just like there are bad Asians, Africans, Europeans, etc.) on top of that our environment is also a disaster. AND what people think of mental health. Right now I just hope you guys become better people and as a whole become a better generation. Please be more considerate to those around you, give people another chance, accept people even if it's against your religion, please be respectful don't just say "you're existence is a sin". Guys have feelings too, women aren't objects, they're people as much as we are and you aren't a simp if you're nice to people but if you go overboard you know what you are. If your parents are racist, sexist, etc. please help them to change their attitudes, not by arguing but calmly talking about it. And you can do it over time it won't just happen overnight. To the guys and girls out there in a slump, please reach out to people, don't put up a facade, it makes it worse. To people who have friends, please check up on them, you never know, someone might be depressed but they're acting happy asf. 

Btw shout out to BLM, the PRIDE movement and a number of other organizations and movements that are already tackling them so please support them if you can not exactly monetary but just being a supporter and being open to them. I don't mean to force my values or beliefs but I just don't want us a generation to regret that we didn't do certain things sooner, etc. 

And I'll end this with a quote by Dr K. And I'm paraphrasing "Seeking out for mental help doesn't point out your faults it helps you understand how you work". 

- R