i need some emotional support before i start just saying this is a rant on my ftm transitioning issues  
hi welcome to kade continues to cry himself to sleep at night because everything hates him part 238479124. why cant family just accept me. theyre family theyre meant to accept you. yknow my sister is litterally trying to make me de-transition and wont respect the pronouns or call me the right name. whats so hard about it? whats so hard to call me kade and make me happy and comfortable. she keeps going on about how "she supports me no matter what and just wants to see me happy" when she doesnt even call me the right name. and im too shy and awkward to say anything about it. i hate myself. why cant I just say that this makes me uncomfortable and i frequently get stressed out and break down because of this. i cant speak to my family like i should be able to, im so afraid of their judgement and lecture. they treat me like im stupid, like i dont know whats good for myself and my identity. theyre not me, they don't know who i wanna be. for family they barely know me. i dont know them either, which makes it even better. this is why i havent came out to my dad or anyone else, im too shy and i dont know how they'll react. i just want my family to accept me, help me through this. theres nothing wrong with what i want to do, yet they treat it as if its a horrific thing, something i shouldnt embrace and be proud of. sometimes i question myself, does my family actually want to see me happy? all i want to do is feel happy and comfortable but i cant. these are people i should always feel happy and comfortable with yet all i am is uncomfortable around them. other than my mum, im so mad at my sister. like ive said before, shes trying to influence me to detransition. She doesnt say it outright but shes making it obvious. She said things like "but im so used to calling you dead name!!!! cant i just call you dead name!?!" and then she tries to change my name, which is horrific. She also told me to hide the fact im transitioning. she said "you shouldnt tell people that! not everyone deserves to know you like that!!!" Thats like telling me to hide the person I am. I feel terrible about myself, like what i am is a horrendous crime. I just want acceptence, why is that so hard to ask for. thankfully, my older brother gets it. he started calling me kade with no problem. why cant the rest of my family just be like him? Its so hard to pretend to be happy and smile, im not happy. its only around you guys and my one irl friend i really feel happy. because well, you accept me. i dont care what other people say about me, just what my family says. i dont care if random strangers are transphobic towards me, but my family? that hurts. I hate it here. I forgot to add this earlier but my sister also makes me seem like im a bad guy for not telling my mum and dad about my name. My mum is very transphobic, I don't want to tell her shit. im not ready to be emotionally bashed even more. and i dont tell my dad because im scared. what if my dad doesnt accept me? i barely talk to my dad but still, i just want him to love me. I'm so scared to talk to them, to talk to anyone. i tried to consol in my sister, try and get closer with her. but it only ended up like this. its like i cant talk to the people that should be close to me. im tired of everyone thinking a joke. its legitemetly making me hurt and stressed out. all im feeling right now is dsyphoric, unaccepted and unloved. And my family keeps asking me why i dont wanna go out and spend time with them when they treat me like that. hahahhah just yesterday i broke down infront of my sister as i tried to keep a straight face as she said all the things i listed before ahahaha. i ended up crying myself to sleep. twice. today she called me dead name and used the wrong pronouns and i just wanted to break down cry right there in public. it hurts so fucking much and i cant even distract myself from it. everything that i enjoy, or did enjoy seem impossible to do well anymore. i cant draw as well as i did, i cant play games as competitively as i knew i could. I feel tired and as if theres no reason for me to get up. i really need a genuine hug right now. one that isnt forced, one that is actually there to comfort me. sorry for ranting so long i needed to say this. please help. hahahah and this is just my identity problems wait till i start writing about the other problems. i need so much help, a hug and just any support.