I just need to let everything out against my parents I'm just here to say everything that pisses me off in my life and everything else. So I am a 16 year old Male with good grades, good friends (even if covid made my relations with my friends a bit weird) and a shitty family.   You would think or know that a 16 year old can have a nice computer and play all day long, or the same thing with a console. But not me, I have 2 hours of goddamn screentime per day at 16 and it'd pissing me off. My entire family is consistantly stuck in front of they're own computer and/or phone, but when I'm the one doing it, it looks like I did several war crimes for my parents. 

For over 5 years, I have consistently tried to get a way to have more than 2 hours of computer time. I have tried any kind of conversations and approach, to having the best grade possible to threatening to kill myself. And it all failed, for 5 years. Most of the time it would just end in a written contract between me and my parents, that just states "if I do my chores, I'll get more screen time. But first I have to do it for an entire month so I can show myself trustworthy." And guess who did all his chores for an entire month and even more without getting even the glimpse of a reward? It's me, of course it's me. 

For the last 2 months I've been talking to my friends and everything else to buy and build a computer so that I can finally have more screentime, and not having to ask my parents for they're password everytime I wont to download a new game, or just playing on something more performant than a 5 year old PC that cant even run the most basic games like minecraft without crashing. But my parents everytime just said no. In response, I built a well organized document with logical answer and improvement of me buying a PC, could do. But the one and only answer my parents gave me was "no". When I ask them "why" after even all the efforts I did and everything else, they just said "no". Later on, I told them, "and why no, is it because you think computer time is worst than drugs", "yes", and of course at that point I was done with them for the rest of my day.

And like if it's not enough, lately, I've been under a lot of stress and having even more mental breakdowns than usual, and even after that I still got my grades up. I can simply ask for 30 minutes more, so that I can finally enjoy a bit more the time in front of the computer, but once again the only response I got was "no".

At this point, I could continue typing this god forsaken story for another 10 paragraphs, but I'm missing time since I ALSO HAVE TO GIVE MY PHONE TO THEM AT 9. And just like that, a 5 year old querell between me and my parents continue for the simple and reason of them being too fucking idiotic and trusting 1 Facebook page saying "computer bad, outside good" while in 5 minutes I can found dozens of website saying the contrary and in another 5 minutes finding 3 websites giving false proof supporting Facebook.

And remember how this problem is only about me and my parents being on a disagreement on computer time, on a 5 year old timeline, and how I skipped mine tenth of the information, and were not even talking about all the other problems.


Long story short, parents are fucking idiotic, I fucking hate them, of fucking course I have suicidal thoughts and mental breakdowns because of them, right in front of them, just for them to act like I didnt fucking yell "I want to kill myself because of the way you treat me" and act like everything is perfectly normal.