I've been banned from playing in a football tournament because of a calculator This only happened a couple of hours ago, so I'm still fuming rn.

So yesterday I was doing some maths homework, sitting on the sofa in my living room, I have my calculator by my side. I finish the homework, then get up to make myself a cup of tea before I go back and do some more homework  (very British, I know). In that short time frame, my dad walks in and tells me he's going for a walk, and would I like to go with him. I say sure, and we head out. We then arrive back quite late so I think screw it I'll do the rest of the work tomorrow.

Fast forward to the next day and I'm in my maths lesson, where I realise I left my calculator at home. No problem, I just have to make sure I have it for the next lesson. But when I get home in the evening, not eve 2 days after I used my calculator, it's gone off the sofa. I spend maybe 15 mins looking for it, and then go into the kitchen to ask my parent if they've put ir anywhere.

Now this seems to hit a nerve, and she completely flips out about how I always IMMEDIATELY blame her, and that it's SO UNFAIR. I can't see what I did wrong, I know that either her or dad has moved it somewhere. So I leave her shouting and move over to my dad, who before I even say anything yells that he hadn't touched my BLOODY calculator and to leave him alone.

Now I need this calculator, it's nothing special but it's still pretty vital. So I push them, saying that I'm not blaming then for anything, but I know that someone, who wasn't me, moved it. I know for a fact that I left it on that sofa, and someone has 100% put it to a 'safer', and really obscure location. They get angrier and angrier and I know I should just leave it but then they tell me that it's going to be coming out of my money and that it's always my fault for losing these things. Apparently I shouldn't have left it there in the first place so they wouldn't have had to move it, and then lose it.

After back and fourth like this they flip out completely, and start throwing out bigger and bigger punishments until they say that I can't play in a football tournament happening this weekend. I'm not the star player, but I was really looking forward to this, and have been all week. God knows what I'm going to do, sneak out to it? Hopefully they'll realise what actually happened after they cool down and will   just get rid out of the punishment. 

tldr: parents moved (and lost) my calculator, blame it all on me, and ban me from playing in a football tournament this weekend.