“Words of Wisdom” (series 01) 
Sometimes you must hurt in order to know, fall in order to grow, lose in order to gain, because life's greatest lessons are learnt through pain. -Nagato 

The rests are just as important as the notes. 

Don’t give them a taste of their own medicine. They already know what it tastes like. Give them a taste of your own medicine. 

Let kindness be the main attraction. 

Look for a love where you can say, “I love you even though,” instead of “I love you but,”

Don’t cross an ocean for someone who won’t even cross a puddle for you. 

Count the garden by the flowers, never by the leaves that fall. Count your life with smiles and not the tears that fall. 

No one can make you feel inferior without your consent. -Eleanor Roosevelt

You can't start the next chapter if you keep rereading the last. 


Breakdowns can create breakthroughs. Things fall apart so things can fall together.

Everyone wants to be someone’s sun to brighten up their day, but why not be someone’s moon to lighten up their darkest hour?

There’s no such thing as bad weather, just bad clothing. 

Some people cause happiness wherever they go; others whenever they go. -Oscar Wilde

A question opens the mind. A statement closes it. 

If you’ve lost your edge, sharpen it. 

It’s hard to argue with smart people. It’s impossible to argue with stupid people. 

To feel safe around someone’s energy is a different kind of intimacy. 

Worry often gives a small thing a big shadow. -Swedish Proverb 

Hope is being able to see that there is light despite all of the darkness. -Desmond Tutu 

Life is like the ocean, it goes up and down. -Vanessa Paradis

It is often in the darkest skies that we see the brightest stars. -Richard Evans

It’s hard to admit when you have fallen in love with someone who can’t be yours.

No regrets in life, just lessons learned. 

We’re all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars. -Oscar Wilde

Laugh as much as you choose, but you will not laugh me out of my opinion. -Jane Austen 

In the midst of winter, I was found there was, within me, an invincible summer. -Albert Camus