Going to vent Talking with one person about someone who left, and youtube fucking recommended the song that was tied to that person/time period.

Idk if the algorithm is magical or something, but it did recommend it the first time since... well, since I heard it... right when chat reminded me of that person

That person left some time ago, leaving 5 last messages. How left? Well... either just stopped using Reddit or discord in general or.... well, left this world. Or she is stalking. And seeing this post.

That song is weird... and special to me.

(This is the song, by the way)[https://youtu.be/9fN7udMAMog]

When I first time heard it, I literally got a fight or flight. Sun came out from behind clouds, it was raining. The whole "valley" got lit up. I got goosebumps and fight or flight, which is heavy breathing
dilated pupils
heart pressure and rate increases
memories can be affected
trembling (holy shit it was heavy back then)

the fight or flight should appear when something scares you... it did not scare me. It magically calmed me back then. It was during the time I started puberty, and it carried stuff like being suicidal (not to be edgy, seriously - I was genuinely suicidal. I may have self-diagnosed myself with depression back then, but I understand that is just a terrible thing to do) and stuff (all is right now). At that moment, I felt like everything will be fine... forever. The false feeling of security. 

Why was that person so special? Well... I never had (online) a friend that good as her. All were like, too ordinary. It was probably the first person I really trusted. She never really wanted to say if something was wrong and convinced me everything was okay... Well, and I mostly believed her. Worst mistake. People with real depression do not want to talk to others, and even though I know almost nothing, I am assuming that she had it...

Idk, but for... unknown reasons, being on the [server I spent most of my time on] carries special memory... When I felt really bad, I just chatted on the server for a bit, and all went a bit more okay... But now I am banned from that server because of how I behaved. How times, IRL, and on the server has changed. I wasn't even thinking about the roots of the server when doing things there that I regret later... I would wish to go back, but I do not think it is possible.

Now, I do not have FoF response to the song... Right now, I am listening to it and remembering... I have decreased breathing that is extremely low, and my hands feel weak... That is why is it almost difficult to type.