A thank you to my ex I know you use Reddit, and I doubt you’ll see this but I had to get this off my chest. 
I hated myself while we dated. I hated the things I said, I hated how often I went against my moral values for you, and I hated how I changed my entire personality for you and your happiness. It still wasn’t enough, though. You still decided to write cruel comments about me, you still decided to hurt me indirectly, you still decided to tell me that you wished I had killed myself instead of living.

Well guess what? I’m still very much alive. You guilted me into self harming, you still give me frequent panic attacks, you’re the reason I have to bring anxiety medication to my job, where I have to see you. You made everything infinitely worse for me during that time, and I hated myself for everything. I knew everything wasn’t right and I stayed because I needed you. 

Despite all of that, I still have to thank you. I harbor a lot of resentment against you, but in the end you did help me realize a ton of things:
1. My happiness should not be destroyed for someone else’s. 
2. It’s okay to be myself, and to not change myself into who you are.
3. It’s okay to be depressed. It’s okay to have anxiety and feel like crap, it’s okay to be sad.
4. I’m not worthless, and I deserve someone who doesn’t treat me like I am such.
5. Having disagreements does not mean that the other person shouts at you until you cry.

I have to thank you because you introduced me to my current boyfriend, who I am soon celebrating 4 months with. He is my angel, my sunshine. I care for him and he cares for me. I am only sixteen, and I feel like I’ve found someone I genuinely want to be with for the rest of my life. He is an amazing person; he listens to me when I’m sad (which to be frank isn’t nearly as often as it was when you were around), he listens to what I want and respects my boundaries instead of pushing me until I say yes. You accidentally introduced me to the most amazing person in my life, all because you just wanted to show me this random meme. 

I could hate you, but I don’t. The only thing I feel towards you is fear, and anxiety. You scare me, and I feel so afraid you will hurt me again. I’m not going to deny that I hurt you too through my sadness. However, you took it a step further by telling me, a person who has attempted suicide twice, that you wished I had killed myself. I feel shaky and nervous around you, and I trip over my words. You might not notice it at work because I try to make myself smile for the other girls there.

Thank you for teaching me that I have self worth and deserve better than a guy who treats me like I am an expendable item.