Could anyone offer me feedback on this? I don't write much and really want to know what people think of this/how I could improve. It  was a miserable day as the police officer drove back to his small  station in Riverton. The rain was pouring down and the wind howling as  he drove past two people on the side of the road. They were obviously  young and, concerned they might be runaways, he turned his car around,  slowly coming to a stop on the side of the road.

“Are you alright?”

The response was immediate and abrupt. “We’re fine thank you.”

There  was a moment of silence as the police officer sat in his car,  contemplating what to do next before deciding to get out and approach  the two young people.

“What are you up to today?” he asked with a concerned voice.

“Walking.” Replied the young person, looking at the ground and clearly getting quite irritated.

“How old are you?” The cop asked, his suspicions increasingly rising.

“15” The young person mumbled.

“13” Replied the other young person, while sitting down to fix their shoes.

“It seems like your not too keen to talk to me, do you not really like police?” The police officer inquired.

While still looking at ground the young person replied, “Well, I want to be walking and you’re stopping me.”

“Do your parents know where you are?” The police officer asked, already convinced they did not.

“Yep.”

The weather started clearing as the police officer continued asking questions, kindly informing them that, “they are quite young” multiple times. For the most part, the young people obliged, answering all his queries, until he asked for more personal information.

“I’m Kelvin. What’s your name?” The police officer said to the young person.

“Why do you need to know?” the young person asked, cautious of the police officer.

Before being able to give an answer the young person, having finished tying her shoes, got up and started walking off, getting only a few steps  before hearing the voice of the police officer, now angry and exasperated at the young people for their lack of cooperation and hostile behavior.

“*Oi. Cut out that bad attitude or I’ll arrest you*.”

Astounded by the police officers response to her walking away, she turned around to face him.

“Right! What’s your name?” The police officer said, still angry.

This was clearly not an optional question and seeing as such that there was no way to get the police officer off their back, they reluctantly obliged to the rest of his query’s before the police officer resigned back to his car to contact their parents.

“Do you know where your children are?” The police officer growled down the phone at the young people's parent while, fearing the worst, the parent just wanted to know they were alright. As the conversation progressed it gradually dawned on the police officer that he got it all wrong and that the parents did in fact know exactly where their children were.

“Alright,  I’ve talked to your parents and they’ve confirmed they know where you  are. I’m sorry I got angry at you but in the future if you get stopped  again you just need to be compl….”

“Are we free to go?” the young person impatiently interrupted.

“Yes. Have a nice walk.” The police officer, content and happy, turned to leave.

“Already ruined it.” retorted the young person, also turning to leave.

“Idiot.”