Is it pathetic to like Have a dream about being hugged by a role model? Last night I was afraid my stepdad was gonna attack me and my mom like he does when he’s on steroids and I panicked. I’ve been told by so many people on reddit or in real life if things get bad go to an adult, or if I need advice go to an adult an not other kids. So, I went to my ex’s dad. He’s the best adult I’ve EVER seen. When he was mad he didn’t hit or scream or throw things at people he would calmly raise his voice (not yell or scream, just gain volume) and say he was disappointed and did you not know the consequences of your actions (he did this to my bf at the time in front of us). Even when shit hit the fan, he never screamed or attacked me like I thought people would and it made me wanna cry I disappointed this man. I overshared a lot because of the adrenaline, and he gave caring but short answers. I think I may have told a little too much about the abuse continuing (they kinda knew but I wasn’t told the Extent) in my home. I eventually calmed down and felt weird about texting him. I don’t regret going to him, he’s the only adult I know is a good person fully. But, I’m scared he’s shared this with his family (which is understandable this was a concerning situation) and that they may have gained more disdain for me and my mother. His dad and grandma are like comfort figures to me, I trust them a lot more then most people and his dad is my role model. But, my ex best friend is my ex bfs sister, and she wants me dead I just know it. I don’t know how my ex feels, by the day I try to erase his memory so I can live without crying under knowing I disappointed a whole group of people I loved dearly. When I finally did go to bed, I slept with a weighted blanket that was supposed to take away nightmares which if you check my profile I have quite often. I didn’t dream of my ex (surprising!) or nightmarish figures, I dream of getting ice cream with their dad and getting a hug before it floated to something different without him. I woke up feeling weird about said dream, so I’ll ask you guys. Was is weird to dream I got a hug from my role model who happens to be my exs dad? And is it weird I was comforted a lot by it?