I'm entering a creative writing competition for my school and here's what I've got so far I'm going through and editing a scene I wrote in the back of an old math notebook a year ago lol. It's based on a larger story I have come up with, but this is basically the big climax of the whole thing. So here's what I've got edited so far:

 

Caiden pushed the shoulder of the Rachne guard he had impaled on his sword, pulling the blade from his gut and letting the body crumple to the ground. His life had quickly drained out of him, flowing between the cracks in the stone floor like a network of scarlet canals. With the last guard finally taken care of, he turned to the towering ebony doors to the throne room. Pressing his bloodstained palms to the cold metal door, he flung them open to reveal the epicenter of the entire war. 

The enormous room was made of dark gray stone that caught the light of the wrought iron chandeliers overhead. The tapestries that lined the walls had once depicted the great deeds of Zelok’s late father, King Atore, but they were now ripped from their places upon the walls and torn beyond repair by his horrid successor.

Caiden gripped the handle of his sword so tightly that his knuckles turned bone white, his golden eyes glaring at the young prince lounging upon a throne he did not deserve. He couldn’t be more than two years older than Caiden, but he looked down at the Osiran warrior like he was nothing more than a child. Zelok’s obsidian black body was draped in the deep red fabrics of the royal family, the twisted golden crown atop his head making him look like a sick bastardization of everything his father once stood for. He rose from his seat upon the throne, his main pair of red eyes as well as the three smaller pairs of beady orbs glistening in the light. His long scorpion tail clicked against the stone floor as he moved. The ivory fangs protruding from his cheeks twitched as he smiled down at the lone soldier who had the audacity to enter his court. “So, the king of the great land of Osiris sent a child to do his dirty work? How adorable.”

Caiden grimaced at his condescending tone. “No one sent me. I came here to kill the scum who destroyed a century's worth of peace to fuel his own pathetic ego.” He spat, raising his sword to point accusingly at the smug prince. 

“Oh? Is that right? If your people’s best assassins couldn’t kill me, what the hell makes you think you can?!!” He cackled, his voice reverberating throughout the empty hall. Caiden marched forward undeterred, the hatred in his eyes causing Zelok’s confidence to falter for a fraction of a second.