I have been suffering from my divorced parents all my life, and recently my father ruined everything. I need an advice This is gonna be a long post, I would be so grateful if you read through it and give me any kind of advice.

My parents got divorced few months after I was born, I stayed with my mother in my grandmother's house for 16 years. 

During those years I've seen all types of abuse, both mentally and physically from my mother for absolutely no reason, she used to hit me, bite me, pull my hair, throw disgusting slurs at me that no child in the world should hear, every single day. I'm not overexaggerating, this happened every single day for about 16 years.

My dad married another woman and disappeared after the divorce, during those 16 years I met him once after an incident which my mom, my uncle, and my grandmother accused me of stealing some money (20$) from my uncle when I was 7 years old, and I forgot how but I ended up living with my dad for like 3 months before I went back to live with my mother again, after they found out that my uncle dropped the money in some pharmacy. After that I never saw my dad or heard from him, he never called me, and never visited me.

My life was a living hell with my mom, I used to cry every day, and when I became 15 my mom got even worse, she started hitting me while I'm freking asleep, I used to wake up at dawn, to her punches and I had no idea whats going on, and no one cared to stop her or defend me, she kept telling me that I'm a mistake and how much she regrets bringing me to life. I prayed every day to be released from this nightmare.

The worse part is she used to do the same to my grandmother (her own mom!), my grandmother was 70 years old and she used to hit her and throw bad words at her every day, blaming her for the marriage she had.

I was so fed up and done with her, so I decided to go looking for me dad, I didn't know his phone number and didn't know where he lived, but I remembered that his sister in law had a pharmacy so I begged my grandmother to go there and ask them about my father's whereabouts. 

After few days my father called me and I told him that I want to live with him and I cant stay with my mother, he was living in Dubai so he sent me a plane ticket to go there.

I was so happy that I'm finally done with that life and about to begin a new chapter, at least I was like that until I got to meet my stepmom. I lived there for 3 years with me my father, stepmom, my two younger brothers and my little sister,  and as you might expect, my stepmom was terrible with me, not as bad as my mom was but I don't think anyone can be as bad as her. 

She didn't abuse me physically, but mentally, she didn't want me there so she kept forcing me to go out and not show my face in the house, I spent my days there mostly in my room, school, or out. She always kept trying to provoke me, I even was good to her, I used to help her clean and cook, I didn't want anything in return, just wanted her to leave me alone.

But that didn't work either, cuz she kept getting mad at me for being better than her sons, she kept asking me how am I better than her sons although I had a mother like that and I grew up without a father, she was just so jealous and I couldn't do anything about it. She put a fake facade and prenteded to be good in front of my father, but when he wasn't around she showed her true face, I tried to tell my father but no avail.

Finally I finished school, and went back to my country to start college, my father took care of the expenses, and I was glad about that, but turns out he was only good to me because he didn't pay my child support or anything when I was a kid and my grandmother threatened him with the lawsuit that's been going for years, and that's why he took me, not because he wanted me, I was devastated when I learned that.

My first 2 years in college were terrible, I was studying electrical engineering but I hated the country and the college, I was so depressed, I couldn't make any good friends, I was sad all the time, and I was all alone. Until I met a girl online in my 3rd year who changed my entire life, I never thought I could have someone like that in my life. She is so good to me, she loves me and supports me, honestly now when I think about it I'm ready to do it all over again knowing that I'm gonna meet this girl.

We spent all our time together, playing online games, video chatting, telling stories and sharing our problems, we spent every free second of our day together, it was like a dream for about a year and 4 months.

In January of this year my father decided to retire and come back to this country, and he asked me to move back with him, I obviously refused because I didn't want to live with them again, and stayed in my house till Feburary but he forced me and I had no choice, I stayed there for literally one week. My stepmom didn't want me there, and she kept causing fights and problems. 

My dad asked me to go find a job, I agreed and started looking, but then he forced me to work with one of his friends in a factory, it was 12 hours/7 days a week, the road to the job took 2 hours to reach, and 2 hours to come back, so basically it was 16 hours, and that's all to please his wife and keep me out of the house. I went there one day and instantly left, I couldn't handle being used like that.

When my dad knew about me leaving he got so angry and took my phone and PC from me. I stayed without them for 3 days, and I couldn't handle it, I couldn't handle being away from my girlfriend, because she's the only one who keeps me sane, calm and hopeful. After 3 long days I decided that I want to leave, my father didn't let me get out and locked me in, because he was afraid that I was gonna tell my mom about his house's location thus the lawsuit. He pushed me to the ground and hit me, then pushed me to another room and closed the door, I was so mad so I kicked the door and by mistake it hit my father's forhead, I didn't know he was behind it, and it didn't cause any damage to him.

But after that my stepmom called the police telling them that I attacked my father with a sharp tool, and I was like "WHAT?!" The police came and took me with my father to the department, and obviously they didn't listen to me because I'm the young one and listened to my father, next day in he court my father said that I hit him, obviously to please his wife and keep me out. They locked me up for 10 days although I did nothing, I tried contacting my uncles to hire a lawyer but they didn't want to help me.

After getting out I went to my father's house to get my stuff, my stepmom put all my clothes and stuff in garbage bags and threw them at me in the street, she refused to give me my phone and PC, I was on the street for 3 hours without any money or phone, until finally someone agreed to let me use their phone, I called my uncles and they refused to help me and told me they had no business and don't want problems. So I called a friend to pick me up.

And since then I've been living in an apartment my friend owns, I can't continue my university because I don't have enough money, I tried looking for jobs in the past few months but couldn't find any because of the pandemic, literally looked everywhere but it was pointless.

On top of that my father refused to give me back my computer, now I can't spend time with my girlfriend, and I feel like I'm so alone again and I'm terrified that I'm gonna lose her. 

All I want is to finish what's left of my university and go to Greece and finally be with my girlfriend to start a new life, but that got destroyed after what happened. I'm even trying to move to Greece and continue my university there but they won't give me a visa unless I have enough money to stay there for at least a year.

I fee so lost hopeless and I have no clue what to do..

If you read till here, thank you so much.. I would appreciate your opinions and thoughts, and if anyone has any kind of advice I would be so grateful and thankful.