[Serious] Some advice for highschoolers + my mental health, I guess I need to vent. Usually, I tend to stay away from this subreddit, I'm just not a fan of some of the content here, though that may sound stupid. 

Anyway, I'm 15 right now coming to the last 3 months of the second semester of high school. I am doing well in most of my classes, with my rough point being the Honors Geometry that I am currently in, but thats a B, with my other classes being A's or B+. 

To be honest, I have been VERY, VERY stressed out, and I feel like I have been developing anxiety- or atleast thats what my teachers are telling me because to be honest the though of Algebra II has scared me, and that led to thoughts about "what if I don't make college?" or "I need a diploma for most jobs and Alg 2 is required, what do i do?!?"

Basically, I kinda blame the way school works to a certain degree but also I blame myself. Ever since I got out of that, with the growth of online classes in my 10th grade and now just going back, I remember little to no Algebra I. It gives me anxiety everyday kind of and I have been getting better, being able to calm down a but by reading and exercising, as well as being with friends.

The main thing I remember is basic equations, like (example) 4x + 2 = 3x + 4 and solving that, as well as finding out how to work out triangles.

People in school say the first semester of Alg 2 is re-learning 1 and then sem 2 is working on new skills.

THE ADVICE: Keep algebra 1 notes and assignments to review.

To be honest, this is my first vent of this topic as I would rather keep it to myself, but I feel like talking would be better.

I have kept my work, and I know my notebook should be somewhere, but seriously folks- KEEP YOUR NOTES. I am just so stresses out from it, and most other kids in my grades are the same way.

Thank you if you read this. I needed to get this out I guess. Also, can anyone confirm that I will be relearning Alg 1? Please. I cant remember for the life of me, the online learning messed with me very hard and I just dont fee motivated anymore.