Playing a non-Minecraft Minecraft shouldn’t make you unpopular. Weird, right? It’s because of my parents. It’s not that they don’t want me playing video games. I do that all the time. But for some reason, my parents have this burning demonic hatred for Minecraft that I can’t explain in words here. When I bought some Minecraft books at a book fair a few years back, I was threatened with my parents taking away all of my pocket money and going to timeout for an hour (maybe 2). I was extra sad because Minecraft is literally my favorite game of all time. Even my parents know I’m mega creative. The first time my parents’ hatred of Minecraft shown through, I was honestly scarred. I’ve always been terrified of my parents, but here, it reached a breaking point. I just wanted to be alone forever, away from the horror of my parents, where I could be free to do the things I wanted.
I didn’t leave them, though. I just tuned them out whenever I could, because at this point, I knew me and my parents would collide on a fundamental point of my entire childhood starting from age 8. I’ve never gotten any of the mainstream minecraft editions since. It’s been 5 entire painful years of rejection, punishment, and abject misery.
But when I was about 11, I discovered a beacon of hope. While searching for ways to get Minecraft for free, without my parents noticing, I stumbled upon Minecraft: Education Edition. It had all of the features I knew and loved. It was free. I could use it myself. It was perfect.
So for the past 2 years, I’v basically been hanging off a cliff. The only thing keeping me from falling into the abyss is Minecraft Education. It’s been keeping me entertained and happy in the same way that you others might say about mainstream Minecraft, Pokemon, or Mario, none of which I have. It’s just Minecraft Education that’s served as the only light in an infinite darkness, trapped by the restrictions my parents place on me.
But even then, I couldn’t find real joy. People at my school looked at me and laughed, laughed at the Chinese nerdy boy who played Minecraft Education Edition. I bet he spends his free time doing math. What a loser! Let’s go beat him up emotionally and make him cry into a pillow at night for the next 3 months! Of course I’m exaggerating this, but I was definitely bullied during this time for playing an unknown version of Minecraft.
Some of you might feel the same. I just want to say that what people do for fun does nothing to tell you what they’re actually like on the inside. I would know, since I experienced it firsthand. Maybe everybody will ignore this. Maybe everybody will dismiss this as some sort of copypasta meant to boost up karma points. But I wrote this. My own fingers typed each and every paragraph as I remembered the past, and how utterly black and faded it was. So I legitimately hope you’ll read this, and look into the past of someone maybe not too different from you.