Ignored custody order to live with my dad. Did I make the right call? Hey everyone, this might be a doozy so buckle up.  Not looking for pity, just want to hear fellow teens opinion on if I made the right choice. I still have time to revert it.
A little bit of backstory first, my parents divorced about 5 years ago, and hate each others guts. Mom (narcissistic and sometimes sacrifices my best interests to take a shot at my dad) always tries to trash dad in front of me, dad  (does not communicate with my mom at all) only a little bit better. 

Dad remarried, nice lady, step-brother who I love like a real brother. Mom not remarried. Both run own businesses, and live 30 minutes apart in separate counties. Mom lives in my childhood home, dad lives in large townhouse in affluent neighborhood. I work and attend school in my dad's town. All of my friends live in my mom's town, and I am the man of the household in my mom's house (cook dinner, mow lawn, take care of dog etc.)

The custody schedule is currently a week-on week-off scenario, which wasn't so bad for awhile. I saw them both and not very many issues, albeit strange at times, but an improvement from our last agreement (would take the rest of this to explain lol).

Anyway, today I decided to throw that agreement to the shitbox and live full time with my dad starting mid dec. Not really sure if this is legal where I live but I turn 17 in two months so I might. So I said this because we are probably going back to school and I want to put in more hours at my job ( mom won't take me there) and I will drive by the end of December so I will still come visit. I still love my mom, and when she heard this she went ballistic. She was playing all the pity cards, and I found it hard to keep my composure. 

I feel bad because I do a lot of chores and housework for her, and I would worry a little about her mental health should I be absent too long(i would also see my dog less) . On the other hand, it's clearly the best choice for me moving forward as I will likely go to school at my community college in my dad's town next year, which is about an hour from my mom's house, and I'm able to put in more hours at my job and earn more money, easier after school load, easier access to extracurriculars, etc. 

My mom thinks now I don't love her and that my dad has "corrupted me". Totally untrue, I still love my mother, and it's not a contest of who I love the most.

What do you guys think?

Anyway, if you've read this far I really appreciate you guys, and I know my situation is not as dire as a lot of others but I want to know your opinions. I know too many US kids have divorced parents and maybe someone has been in a similar situation or is in one right now, and if you are, i'll pray for you 🙏.