I am not sure what to do. I have been sleeping a lot more than usual. I went from the regular eight hours - to sleeping for about twenty. This has happened over the last few months. I will sleep for twenty - wake up for four - than go back to bed. 

My room is in the basement. I dread going upstairs. My family is upstairs. All they do is complain, to to drag me down, and force me to rely on them. 

I cannot have a conversation without my mom complaining. She cannot go two minutes without swearing. She cannot go six minutes without complaint about something. It’s not even about us anymore. My sister is starting to pick up these habits. 

It’s hard for me to do anything. They always want to do everything for me - and then punish me when I don’t. I had to beg to do my own laundry. What kid wants to do laundry? I know how to cook, but whenever I make anything, I get in sh##. What’s a fella to do?

I want to get a job. I can’t for two reasons. I don’t have my drivers. I’m ready for it - I have my learners, just the car I want to take, the windshield is broken, and we do not have the money to repair it. My dad hasn’t worked in months. They are blowing through savings. He doesn’t want me to work as it makes him look bad - but he has not had any interest to get a job. I cannot get anything/or do anything. I would work for my money, but cannot. 

I haven’t had an interest in relationships. I used to. Now I could give less of a ####. My friends are always talking about girls. I just couldn’t care less. I don’t have an interest to date. I liked this one girl for years, and I did everything to “impress” her, but alas, I’m still too much of a pussy to do anything. I started eating better, I started working out, I stopped gaming, but I still don’t feel good enough. To be honest I think I am bi, but cannot do anything with that as my parents would shoot me.

I don’t have that good of a relationship with my friends. I’m really good friends with this one person - we all used to be friends - but now - people only hang around me/talk to me if he is around. One of my good friends, I’m actually better friends with his younger brother now (one year difference)

I don’t know. What’s a fella to do? I might go back to bed. I started playing games again. I wake up, I eat dinner, I have a shower, play games a bit on PS4 with friends (the same people) then go back to bed after brushing my teeth i take excellent care of my teeth btw

What should I do? I’m bored 😐