I feel like my parents only care about my grades Sorry about grammar or spelling, on mobile, formatting, yadda yadda. Been a lurker for a bit, just wanted to rant. Advice or whatever welcome though. 


So I’m a pretty good student. Getting all A’s, A+’s, the occasional B+ in something like HPE, right. (Australia). I’m an intellectual, don’t like sport unless it’s mandatory, I usually don’t study cause I’m good at memorising things as I learn them. My parents don’t like this. 

Also, our school has a thing called a scholars class. For all the above average kids. My parents think that because I’m in the scholars class, I should be getting hours worth of homework every night. Our teachers are pretty chill and don’t really give that much homework (besides one, she’s kinda a bitch to me cause I called her out on something). But that’s not good enough for my parents. They think that I, a teen who is prone to (private) mental breakdowns and has battled stress, anxiety, depression etc in private should have more homework, should be asking for more work, and should have no free time because I also work regularly after school and on weekends. 

Not to mention, I recently saved up for a PS4. I had been wanting one for ages, and my parents said no. They told me my grades would drop because all I would do is play that stupid console. A lot of convincing later and one well worded PowerPoint (gotta be professional) I have finally got one. Then along comes ICAS. For those who don’t know, ICAS is an OPTIONAL (idk how to do italics and bold and shit) test for kids grade 3 and up I think. It basically compares you to the rest of the world. I have done ICAS many times before and have decided that this year I don’t need the added stress of like 5 more exams. So what do my parents say?
“Oh that’s ok OP, you don’t have to do it if you don’t want to.”
NO
“Oh well, guess you won’t be seeing that phone or PS4 for a while.”
YES

I argue and rant and all that jazz, but they ignore me. I thought they dropped it after a bit, but when my dad picked me up from school today, he says. 
“Oh and I dropped in your ICAS form. Now you have to do it so you don’t waste my money.”
(You have to pay for the tests)

This resulted in a breakdown by me later when I ended up screaming at my dad and leaving to my room, but not before he says that I can’t have my phone in my room like I usually do. (I’ve got it anyway, I smuggled it). 

Everything with them seems to be about grades and what I look like compared to everyone else. It’s not helping my deteriorating mental health, and I am sick of it. But thanks for reading my rant, and I’m sorry it got kinda long. 

Everyone be safe and happy. ❤️