How do I finally get friends? If you base the idea of me getting rejected by women not being on my looks, there are definitely a few reasons in the back of my mind I think I’ve been trying to avoid. 

1. I have lack of friends or lack of *good* friends. Real is subjective because for everyone real friends come and go.

2. I never could approach and feel the anxiety can be extremely painful. This naturally seeps into every area of my life. 

3. My past and how people have treated me sometimes catches up to my present regardless of whether I’m a changed man, feel like one, or even seem different to others thus making me even more paranoid and anxious. 

4. I was bullied and rejected from a lot of potential friendships in my school days. This has led me straight to a life of isolation and spending 95% of my days alone and I *know* this to be the main bout of my insecurities.

I also have made some good connections at work but sometimes I use that as a distraction and an excuse to make any real friends or connections.

I’m now 22 so not strictly so much a teenager anymore, but I guess I still feel like one in the way I behave act, but mostly react to people socially and my situation of feeling so rejection and carrying a lot of pain.

Does anyone have any solutions to this and has anyone ever escaped similar issues?

Also lastly I don’t want to manipulate anyone into thinking I just want friends so I can have a girlfriend. I just know this is one of the most serious situations I am lacking in my life that could turn my life on it’s head in a good way and open the door to serious relationships with women, as most after being told wouldn’t touch a guy with no friends or lack of friends with a ten foot pole. So with that in mind. Any ‘cure’ per say or reasonable advice would be appreciated. Realise I spent a lot of my life alone and rejected also.

I made another previous rant expressing how I felt like it was other people’s insecurity that someone prefers to spend a lot of their life alone rather than us particularly. But I know deep down that that is not the full truth and I want to fix it.

Sometimes the *pain* of my current reality ends up becoming more painful than defying my anxiety and doing what needs to be done in order to fix those situations. That’s why I’m ranting and venting so much on my profile letting go and trying to find all the self help I can. However some can be untrustworthy and immoral so it can be very difficult to feel like I’m escaping. Like I’m running but I’m just running on a treadmill. 

Thanks