Being put in bad groups for school trips. So I just had this random pop-up, when 2 years ago, my year went to Alton Towers, and we were all assigned groups and "We MUST stay in the groups at all times. This to make sure that we know where everybody is" those exact words from the Head of Year. And the group I was in, there were 8 of us, were slightly ok. My best friend was in there, that was good, 1 was ok, the others I did not get along with.  But this was the worst part, my entire group were scared of big rollercoasters, and didn't want to go on them. Unlike them, I am the complete opposite, I love rollercoasters. *We did have fast-track btw.*  And I wanted to go on the rollercoasters, but they always refused and  went on the baby rides or just walked around the park. After about 2 hours of nagging, I finally made them go on Oblivion. They all agreed to go on it. And they were all scared to death. So then I said to them we should go on the smiler. They agreed, surprisingly, but all of them opted out. When I said we should sit on the front.  No I mean it, they all decided to quit.    So I went on the Smiler, and after the ride was finished I went to the exit, where I only found my best friend. 

I asked him where did everybody else go, he said, "they got bored of waiting for me so they left." I started to get my best friend on to the rides, and he although scared of them agreed he would go on them, only if I payed him £5 for every ride we went on. I agreed. For the next 4 or so hours, it was pretty normal, we did meet some of our other friends along the way. 

Come 3 o' clock, and we saw our Head of Year, he was angry at us. He then took us to the coach and we saw our other group, apparently the other group told our Head of Year, that we abandoned them.  I tried explaining to the teacher about what happened, that my best friend told me that they abandoned us, but he wasn't buying it because apparently "7 against 2". I was so close of punching all of them. We then us 2 had to sit out for the rest of the trip, because, I quote, "We abandoned the group, which means that we had caused uncertainty to our location, information that we must know  to keep everyone safe. Therefor, we must now sit out, as you have broken the trust." 

Me and my best friend just started to play games, because there was nothing to do for 3 hours.