You live under a system of servitude, which is why "freedom" propaganda is so prevalent I've probably made a post like this in the past, but I don't care because this is important. The word freedom and the word servitude both have definitions. When I was a teenager, I truly wish an adult looked me in the eyes, and explained this simple truth to me, so as an adult, I'm going to explain it to whoever is reading this. 

The definition of [servitude](https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/freedom) is "a condition in which one lacks liberty especially to determine one's course of action or way of life"

The definition of [freedom](https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/freedom) is "the absence of necessity, coercion, or constraint in choice or action"

Every human you have ever met lives under Capitalism, and you will be taking part in it or else. This, by definition, means you are under a system of servitude, the opposite of a system of freedom or free choice. 

I'm not making an argument, I'm simply explaining to you that words mean things. They have definitions. You don't have to like it, you don't have to agree, because again, it's not an argument. Like I said, I wish as a teenager a adult told me the truth, but that never happened. It would have helped me a lot to know that at least someone has a grasp of what is going on and was able to explain it in such a simple way.

Instead of the truth, I was, like so many of us, lied to by economic propaganda and the victims of that propaganda. I was never sat down and told that no, I don't live in a free country, and I most likely will not in my lifetime, and I really, really wish someone would have told me that. I hate the fact that I had to learn that as an adult. 

If someone tells you they live in a free country, they are accidentally lying to you. You're not special, your country is not special, it is no more or less free than anywhere else. You live under the same system of economic servitude as North Koreans. If someone tries to convince you that you live in a free country, I would not take life advice from them. I'm not saying treat them poorly, they are victims of propaganda, and you should feel bad for them and try to educate them in an attempt to "break the spell." 

Don't let lies win, don't let propaganda win. Tell the truth, tell your kids the truth. Tell as many people young and old as you can the truth. I know it's uncomfortable to accept this fact, but it's very important that as many people know the truth as possible, otherwise the world will continue the way it is, and if you care about humanity, you know we can't allow that.