Called out transphobic classmate Hi! So, a while back in school my classmate was being transphobic and completely disrespectful. Til this day, I remember it very clearly. 

I'm studying music in further studies, (gymnasiet fellow swedditörs) which is 3 years after the 9 year mandatory school. And at the end of every school year we put up a musical. We were all in this local Theatre and had asigned changing rooms. (year one, two and three separetly).

And on one of our breaks, just before the next rehearsal, we're all in the changing room. Chatting, changing clothes and snacking. Everybody's having a good time, many different conversations across the room. Then BOOM. Said transphobic classmate drops the disrespectfulness. Sometimes it's like she lives in a bubble, and the world is spinning around her. News flash! it doesn't.  

Now, my very good trans friend had came out like two months prior to this, and sometimes we struggled to say his right name. But we always apologized and try to learn asap. (With 'we' I literally mean almost my whole class and our teachers)

But THIS TIME—, this time, this CLASSMATE— she just. Said, so EVERYONE in the dressing room heard:

"Hey, [dead name]. You'll always be [dead name] to me, because you have always been [dead name] to me." 

The whole room, everyone one in the dressing room, fell silent for a moment. 

And I, I turned around so fast, facing her and calling her out for it. 

" Excuse me? What did you just say?! " Now everyone peeked an intrest in this unfolding, all eyes on us. 
"How can you be so disrespectful? It's not that hard to learn his name. And don't you dare continuing using his dead name! Don't you get it? It's basic human rights." this, is what I said to her that day. The whole time my trans friend was trying to soothe the thing, didn't want to make such a big deal out of it. But I said he shouldn't take this.

After I said this, this girl just storms out of the room. NO apologies. Just straight out, walked out. Ugh. This really ticked me in the wrong way. My other friends we're showing support of my call-out and more so to our trans friend.

After this incident this girl has practically been ignoring me. I have made no effort to talk to her either.

There, that was my rant. Moral of the story, if you can, call transphobes out.