Boomer parents thinking theyre right. Right so I should start off with a little backstory. My parents are basically boomers and my two sisters (who are younger than me) are just as stupid as them when it comes to 21st technology. I am the tech guy in the family and i rely on technology. Games, youtube and more. I got an internet key with unlimited wifi so i dont rely on other wifi hotspots and my family connects to this (this is important later on).


We are currently abroad with a caravan and every week we go to a new campsite. Some are good, some are bad. This one is one of the worst. It has no reception which if any of you dont know, no reception=no wifi. I am very pissed at this but i found a corner in which the reception is "enough". 

Onto the story. My sisters do tiktok and not the good kind. Stupid dances, thinking theyre the best, the whole shebang. I dont mind since it doesnt affect me. Anyway the reception goes bad and my sisters cant connect and they tell my dad and my dad tells me to connect them to the internet key since they cant play their music. At this point, i know that my sisters are connected to the internet, its just the reception that is bad. So i try to explain the difference between wifi and reception and its like im teaching a 1 year old what sex is. They wont have any and they tell me its my fault that they cant connect because im using up all the wifi, even though the internet key is more than capable to give a steady 4G to 4 different devices with ease. After a few seconds of arguing my dad asks for my phone. Im in complete shock because my phone isnt the problem and him taking my phone will just worsen things. I try to explain that the reception is bad but before i could finish, my dad snatches my phone and keeps it. Im pretty sure he didnt break it for only one reason which is that its an expensive phone that he bought (samsung A70). If it was any cheaper he would have demolished it. I am confused and just ran inside while they stayed outside. But it doesnt end there (from my side)


Remember when i said that i rely on technology? Yeah basically its the one thing keeping my mental health in check. I am an introvert which means i'd rather be alone then be out with others. With this fact i have grown very close to the internet as its the internet (duh). So its not surprising if i told you that technology is the only thing that kept me sane. I tried socialising but that only put me in a worse place. So i love technology and i rely on it as if my life depended on it because it does, mentally. 

I can put technology aside and communicate with friends but having it taken away from me feels like i was robbed. Now normally if my phone is taken away, id just go use the PC or my tablet or the TV. But im camping and a campsite isnt really known for its technological advances. Having my phone taken away leaves me empty and contemplating about life. For some reason when something happens in my life, my brain likes to think of the worst possible case scenario and then convince myself that it will happen. So with technology being taken away from me, i just feel miserable and honestly suicidal. Ive had a few suicidal attemps in the past and so again, my neck begs me to get choked on until i die. This very low feeling normally lasts for a day but oh boy is it a day. Currently it is the middle of the night and to feel a bit better, i decieded to write this here. 


Anyway ill leave it at that and get a bit of sleep. If you read all this then cool. Im not doing this for karma points. Just wanted to try this out and see if i feel any better and by the looks of it, i already feel better. Goodbye and i wish you safety in this pandemic because jesus has the corona gotten out of hand.