Im writing some really random bs i just want some opinions Ignore the exceedingly boring plotline i basically just copypastad the plot line of inazuma eleven and trimmed out stuff

Characters

(POV) Jake : generic protagonist, goes to a new school and meets the next 4

Xanatos (named after Thanatos) : tries to be stoic and stone cold, but keeps losing his cool around the gang, high key emo (get it? death?)

Brett (generic big guy name) : big guy, good at poetry but only uses it to tease Xanatos, he is Summer's brother

Summer (generic girl name) : attractive (hot, get it? ok ill see myself out) and kind girl, fake out love interest for Xanatos and Jake

Hef (named after Hephaestus) : engineer (get it? hephaestus? im promise theres only one more), got kicked out because genderfluid, uses humor to hide depression

Val (named after Vulcan) : Hefs sister, played for the fake out villains before they got destroyed by the real villains, defected to the gang of protagonists

The middle four are missing a team member for sport just as they meet Jake, who plays the exact position they need because plot convinience, Jake gets prankd in their first practice session. Everyone thinks Xanatos has a crush on Summer, Brett teases him using poetry. Hefs depression is revealed because his/her parents are idiots. Jake is completely oblivious to how much hes staring at Xanatos, Vals team gets demolished by a team of upstarts that are doping and she turns to the main team for help. Hef goes to her parents and tells them to either leave him/her alone or accept him/her for who he/she is and parents finally relent. Val takes Hefs place in the team so Hef can sneak into the villains changing room through a very convinient vent (sus) during the match and find evidence. Protagonists are getting pummelled on the pitch but Hef manages to leak incriminating evidence (which is left in the changing room because reasons) to the public and saves everyones asses. After the match is called off plot twist Xanatos is gae and he has a crush on Jake, not Summer and they get together after a minor hiccup of Hef telling them to get a room. Hef gets together with Summer, and Brett is with Val despite explicitly telling her to remind him never to date her a few chapters back.

Happy endings yay.

lol this is so stupid