A LESSON IN FINANCES As a teenager, my parents took the liberty of teaching me the best way to go about finances. While you all are still young, this is the perfect time to start working on finances and becoming successful in the future.

Lesson 1: Relationships
Relationships are key in finances. If your future spouse doesn’t agree with how you want to live, it may be time to consider someone else. Most divorces happen because of finances, and people who don’t agree, and if you don’t agree with your spouse and end up in a divorce, they automatically get 50% of the money you have, and if you’re a male, you have to pay child support and you won’t be able to live how you want, because you won’t have money. Now, sometimes, you can compromise with your girlfriend, but make sure it happens before marriage. That’s the cutoff that you have.

Lesson 2: Investing
A lot of you will be starting your jobs real soon here. Talk to your parents about starting a stocks account for you. Investing is an amazing way to earn money for the future. If you want to learn a bit more about this, there are all kinds of Youtubers and YouTube videos that explain it all. This is one of the best ways to get money and set yourself up for the future and paying for those things you want. I have met too many people who didn’t learn about this until their 30’s and 40’s and they regretted it very deeply. Invest in the stocks, remember, this is the time to buy while everything is down from COVID-19.

Lesson 3: Student Loans
DO NOT GET STUDENT LOANS!!! Student loans are a HORRIBLE idea. They seem great at first, but you become a slave to them if you don’t pay them off immediately. The longer you wait, the more expensive they are, and the worse life will be for you. Do not get student loans. One way to avoid that is investing like I said earlier. Make sure to set aside money to invest and you will be able to pay for schooling in the future.

Lesson 4: Your future life
In the future after college, make sure to set aside some money for investments. The best way to go about this is saving $150 a month for your investment purposes, and put it into your stocks account. At first, it may be hard, but it will set you up for life, and by doing this, you can become a successful person.

Lesson 5: School
Make sure to do well in school. Doing well in school is one of the key components in being successful. You don’t even have to do super good, just try to avoid C’s, and 100% avoid D’s and F’s. If you can do this, future you will be thanking yourself for the work and determination you put into how you wanted to live later in life.

Lesson 6: Personal items
Sometimes, you will want to buy something nice for yourself, like a nice piece of tech or something. Do not do this. In a few years, it will be outdated and it won’t be very good anyways, so why get a new one now? Use the money you WOULD use to get that device or electronic, and invest it! A lot of the stuff I am telling you will mostly revolve around investing in the stock market, and trust me, you will be grateful in the future that you were able to learn this stuff.

Just remember, this is something that most people would regret not learning, and if you can discipline yourself now, you will be setting yourself up to be successful in the future, and you can get the things you enjoy to have. You will be able to get those cars you want, you will be able to get that nice computer, and keep updating it. Just follow these steps, and you can almost guarantee that you will be able to retire and live well.