Is it weird that I'm super touchy feely with my best friend? With my best friend...oh boy...I'm so touchy feely people tend to often think we're lesbians, lol.

But what can we say? We just really love each other. We've known each other since 7th grade. We just graduated the other day. That makes it 6 years we've known each other.

I remember when we first met in 7th grade...I was super quiet back then, but not because I wanted to. I just had social anxiety, didn't really know how to approach or talk to people, and was feeling really depressed and suicidal.

But one day, this really pretty girl with light brown skin, really long dark brown hair, kind of tall, with a really gentle vibe approached me, and started talking to me.

Her: Hey.

Me: Hey.

Her: What's your name?

Me: It's Luna.

Her: Wow, that's a really pretty name! I'm Cici.

Me: Thanks! And that's cute too!

Her: Mhm! And thanks! \*slight pause\* Sorry if this comes off as invasive, but...are you okay? Like...you seem really lonely and sad all the time.

Me: Oh my god. I actually am not okay at all. I'm glad someone noticed.

Her: Oh...I'm very sorry to hear that. But just know, you're beautiful, both inside and out. And I'll always be here for you.

Me: Wow...no one's ever said this to me before...it means a lot. I fucking love you...sorry if that's weird to say, I know we just met and all, but I really do feel like I love you.

Her: Haha, don't worry about it. I don't mind. I find it really cute actually. And I love you too. It's reciprocal.

And from there...our friendship just grew and grew. Gradually, I told her about all of my problems relating to depression and suicide. But she didn't force me to tell her or anything. She let me tell her naturally. And as I told her, she offered to hold my hand, hug me, comfort me, etc. And as hungry for affection as I was, I accepted. Eventually she began pecking me on the cheeks and forehead as well. I'm not really used to it, but it's a normal custom in Brazil, so I went with the flow.

She helped me open up to the principal of the school about my problems, even going to speak to him with me by my side, helped me find a therapist and even went to the sessions with me, etc.

And after going through all this...we're very close friends. We pretty much have no secrets or boundaries.

Even if it's very hot and humid, we sit very close and hugging. We don't find sweat gross or anything, just natural. We also have had sleepovers, and cuddled together and kissed each other (on cheeks and forehead of course) several times.

I also don't care if our skin touches. I have sat in her lap while in a bikini, and gotten on her shoulders while in a bikini, and vice versa. It's kind of nice actually, since it shows there's truly no barrier between us, and my soft skin against her soft skin feels nice.

And we're both fine with this...however, the problem lies in what others think.

People make comments like, "So how are you and your girlfriend doing?" And they are shocked to find out we're not actually dating. They don't believe we're just friends, lol.

For the record...I'm bisexual, she is straight.

I actually have asked her out on a date before. But she said, "Aww! That's so fucking adorable! However, I'm straight Luna, lol. I would date you if I was les or bi, but I'm straight, haha."

And over time my attraction to her just faded, since I knew we were just friends.

But we're 100% platonic friends. For the record, I do still find her incredibly cute, cuz...well she is, but it's not a sexual attraction.