I'm Not Sure if it's Love so, I'm 17, i don't know if it says it next to my ID or anything but I am 17 and that's a fact. and so here begins my story;

last year, i had just joined this cram school which sort of teaches in parallel to normal school, so instead of having normal school take certain lessons, they just give most of the syllabus to the cram school and we study from there, I had just moved there from a different country and barely made any friends, I usually make friends pretty quickly though, it's not too difficult, (the real issues come up when I'm alone with my thoughts, not getting too into it I'll just say that i can't handle being alone for long periods of time) so one day as i was hanging out with some of these friends, one of my seniors, had approached me and just said "so later on today after cram school some of my friends will dare me to ask you out and I don't want any sort of misunderstanding between us so now that you know this you have to act surprised, can you do that for me?" and I silently nodded and then we went back about our respective days and so as that evening rolled up, sure as hell on the bus home i was hanging out with some of the other senior dudes (i never was any a good at talking freely to people my age, so I was always especially comfortable with people older than me) and then she popped up near my seat and called out to me and the guy sitting next to me, Sowmin (that's not his real name) sort of read the vibe and got up, gave her a thumbs up and sat there with the rest of the audience in the back and so she sat next to me and said something around the lines of "You know, last time I sat next to you, you didn't really bother to notice me, that's kind of rude wouldn't you say? I mean, at least i got to get a good look at you then, looking out the window with this calm look on your face and sort of contemplating stuff, kinda reminds me of a serial killer... a cute one too, I know we barely know each other but I was thinking maybe you'd want to go out sometime, you know just the two of us?" and it was at this moment i realized i forgot her name and just asked what it was, definitely helped the audience, she played along, and it went pretty well... we stayed good friends after that, she's the cheerfully edgy type, really cool girl. so thus began the friendship (more like a low key flirtationship) and it was great, and like we found ourselves calling each other every now and then, and then one day I was scrolling through my gallery and see a pic of us and then i get a good look at her and i was like "damn, she's actually really pretty." I'm not the type to fall deeply in love or anything, I've seen enough to know that it's a risk I don't want to take, but like every now and then I find myself scrolling through my memories and then seeing us hang out, and I see it differently, the ambience wasn't as platonic as I thought it was while i was living it. and like I woke up today sort of questioning my relationship with her and unconsciously wondering, do i really want it to stay like this?... I'm not too sure if it's anything really and I'm not really the type to have any crushes but I'm not too sure anymore... I don't really know how to explain how I feel right know... anyone mind helping me out here?