Do you expect to be close to your parents after you become independent? TL;dr:  I just hope you're a reader. If you can't understand what I'm writing here,  I don't know if you can tell me YOUR story so I'll understand it.  But I really want to find out how you think things are going to go when you are legally an adult or emancipated minor.   


I want your impressions of what your relationship with your parents will be when you are no longer their dependent, on your own.  What will you accept from them, what do you feel you owe them?  


PM me with a few lines on what that future might look like, in your opinion. Don't risk posting here if someone might decide to bully you here, or read it where you are and REALLY punish you there.  I don't want a single person shedding a tear or being screamed at about these questions.  


There are so many ways a relationship can go after the fundamental change we're talking about.  One or both sides can go no-contact.  If a family has multiple examples of estrangement, this tactic is often brought up over offenses most other families could talk through.    


Strict boundaries can be established around any contact that does happen, and if the side that oversteps a lot offends, you can warn that "We are not talking about your hypothetical grandchildren until I say we can," and then say, "Well, if you can't respect my decision not to talk about having kids until I am ready, then good-bye for now."  Or a warm relationship can go on that accepts the occasional disagreement.  That's how I get along with my parents. I love them.  I can say NO to them, and vice versa.  We can agree to disagree.  


What's the relationship you expect with your folks after you get your own place and start paying your own way in life?  If your parents seem toxic or controlling now, do you think that you can keep it from continuing to damage the love you have for each other?  Can trust be rebuilt (either way) if something has damaged it?  Maybe you did something out of character, and they don't trust you, or are very disappointed.    


Some parents are so terrible that NC is the only reasonable course.  Maybe they hoard, steal your identity; constantly disappoint you.  If you are fairly certain you'll have to go NC, can you explain why, and what life will be like when you do?   Are you facing cutting off everybody now in your life, or only particular individuals?  If your situation were known by authorities, would they have removed you already?  Why did you opt not to call for help if you (and/or siblings, etc.) are abused or neglected that badly?   


Going NC can get so bad that people die and you don't find out.  My grandmother was estranged from us when she died, and others who knew all of us accepted her demand that we not be told.  By that point we didn't want her back in our lives--she was absolutely mean and selfish.  She was also an unrepentant scammer and thief.  But the medical stuff she went through with 12 forms of cancer, many that run in families, should have been told to us.  For awhile my grandma was my hero.  As she got older, antihero.  


But I hope your family is not in such trouble and the fights and simmering resentments are smaller, temporary things that will pass.  They should, especially, improve when you appear as an adult in their eyes, and they begin to respect you for who you are.  


How do you feel, emotionally, about society's expectations that grown children be there for their parents, stay in touch on the parents' terms, accept it if they get a little too much advice or even criticism?  Do you feel pressure to be your parents' caregiver, or to take their place with a disabled sibling, and if you do, do you resent it?  Or is it just part of life you will be fitting into your plans?    


I'm writing a book about family estrangement, and it is obvious that the teen years are where these problems really start.  I'm 55F.  I don't need  your age or M/F, let alone location or contact information, please!  but if you think your age is a factor, tell me if you're *a)13-14*, *b)15-16*, *c)17-18*, or *d)younger than 13* and *e)older than 18*.  If side issues like being gay/trans/liking the wrong sports team are important, include the essentials to help me understand.   

Any thoughts on the subject at all will be welcome, as are anecdotes or observations about other people you know.   If they come through PM I will keep them confidential.  I will remember the help in my Author's Note at the end; if you want either your reddit handle or a nickname in that section, you'll have to PM or tell me.  


Much respect to you all.  Being a teenager during a mishandled Covid-19 has to be the hardest thing youth has to endure, since the last time 18 year olds were drafted to go to war.  The increasing pressure on young people from brutal law enforcement, useless education programs, and so many heralds of doom that it's hard to make long term plans.  If hardship makes you tougher, look out world, because you guys might finally be able to start setting things right!