The guy who’s girlfriend died First off if you read this man and this happened, I’m so fucking sorry, stop reading this it won’t be helpful. I am here for you if you need it and I’d give you a giant Minnesotan hug.

That being said.

I spent a year working on a report on Nancy  Cruzan, and another on United Airlines flight 232, both of which involves the concept of “brain death”. The story he gives leaves me with several questions as I find it hard to think of how this went on.

If she slit her wrist and fell the impact would have had to cause bleeding in the brain to have her go brain dead.

For the sake of argument let’s give this the most likely scenario for his to happen, she is in her bathroom, slits her wrists, passes out hitting her head on the sink which causes her to whiplash and have her cerebellum fucked, that would not cause brain death but would cause lack of reasoning, fine motor skills, balance, speaking, and possibly movement.

Being brain dead will most likely happen due to asphyxiation, but it also happens in high trauma situations like car accidents. Judging that this did not happen I find it unlikely that this event occurred.

Also to add to this scenario, the average response time from an event like this can range from tens of minutes to hours. The response time in an asphyxiation case (as this could not have been high trauma) would have had to have been a 9 to 11 minute sweet spot, which is absurdly difficult to get.

The one case where this makes sense is if she had a brain hemorrhage leading to a stroke from the fall, that is the only possible explanation, but it seems quite unlike, especially due to the time window.

I don’t know why I am writing this quite honestly it serves no purpose but for me to process another human beings grief, because I desperately want this story to be fake, I don’t want a 15 year old girl’s family deciding that they have to pull the plug. I don’t want to even imagine the parents grief. Life is hard. Suicide is a painful painful thing to have in your life. And dude, I wish you all the best. I’m here for anyone if they EVER need it.