I’m confessing tomorrow So there is this girl that I have liked for 10 months and have been friends for a year now. She is the only girl I have liked that I have felt this inexplicable love for her.

I sat with her at lunch with a few friends before corona and was able to act like a normal person around her; something I can never do around a girl I really like. She feels like how you would want your girlfriend; your best friend and soul mate. 

An issue I have had recently is that I can’t see her. Her parents are making her do all online for school and she isn’t allowed to hang out with other people. Luckily I do have a class with her and she needed something from the class so I volunteered to deliver it to her myself. I brought it over to her house but I had no idea what to say to her to have a conversation. I haven’t seen her for 6 months and I’m just stuck on something to talk about. I stall and put my helmet on and off and I just don’t know what to do. Its so awkward and all we can talk about is school. But still, I ride away feeling super happy I’ve seen her. 

The biggest issue yet is that she has a boyfriend and she seems to not want to be in the relationship. It looks like she feels as if she is trapped in this relationship and I’ve talked to her about it but she just wont do anything about it.

My friend (L) gets texts from her about her relationship and she just seems miserable. I don’t really want to share much but she was diagnosed with depression and he just does not help. Besides that he doesn’t even make an effort to talk to her at all. He’s not a bad guy but he is a terrible boyfriend and I can’t really stand spectating it anymore neither can L. He’s tried to end it so many times he gave up. 

Besides that she is an amazing person. She is very self aware, takes care of herself, has goals, is very intelligent, has common sense, and loves music just as much as I do.  There’s not much more I can want in a woman from what she has.

Well anyway she is the only girl that has been able to make me feel happy in such an inexplicable way and after talking to a different friend that is not L I have made the decision that I’m gonna confess even though I’m most likely not gonna get the response I want

P.S. I will post an update tomorrow and I’m about to go to bed so I won’t be able to read any comments tonight. If you have questions I will be more than happy to answer them tomorrow!