Does anyone else feel like they were neglected by their parents just because you were never a problem child? I know this isn't really a thing to complain about, but i've always wondered if anyone else felt the same

I wa thirdborn in my family and homeschooled for the first 10 years. My mother had to school my rwo older brothers before I came into the world and this whittled down my mothers patience. By the time I was needing to be schooled, my mother was already busy enough with my other brothers that she didn't have the capacity to give me very much attention. 

By the time I was able to read well on my own, my mother would just plop a textbook down in front of me and I would go ahead and study on my own. I learned rather quickly that my mother had little patience when I asked for help twice in a row, or took too long to figure out easy stuff. Yelling and occasionally beatings would follow so I stopped asking for help altogether. 

From that point on, almost everything I did was on my own. I would start to fear help itself so I would kick my rear into overdrive and focus the hell out of my times tables or whatever it was that I was studying just to avoid help altogether. 

It wasn't just with studying. I was for some strange reason really sensetive to yelling and I would prefer a beating rather than a scold on pretty much every occasion. Because of this, I learned cery quickly how to be a good boy in the house, not making any trouble whatsoever. Never causing problems and never having any that I had to ask assistance with.

I had fun by myself in those times. Jigsaw puzzles and puzzle books and jacks and whatever other 1 player games I could find, I played them. Keeping all the possible problems I could cause to a minimum.

A decade down the line, i'm now older and in high school. I do exceedingly well in every class and never cause a problem for anybody. I do find myself without a social life which I considered to be a waste of energy at the time. I've also noticed that all my exceptional achievements are going pretty much unseen by my parents. I believe that they just got used to how I was never a problen and now its standard in their eyes. I grew up always being great and pushing into greatness even further is exceedingly difficult.

Now i'm 19 and I feel in sort of trapped in this image I created for my parents that I "must always be perfect" and "never cause a problem". I've worked so hard to keep this image but I feel like its tearing me down.

I feel really down all the time now. I just feel so unmotivated and unhappy. The "good boy" in me says to ignore all that emotional bs and just keep moving along, but its harder and harder to do that every passing day. I just feel depressed. I hide it all from my parents because this would be an issue that I would be putting onto them. "Sorry mom, but your 3rd child has a problem". Also, I don't even know if theyll care.

And looking back on this whole situation, I feel like I have only myself to blame. I feel like I was the one who caused my parents to not care about me because I never wanted them to care about me and I avoided it whereever I could.

I'm the one who caused them to look at me the way they do. 

Does anyone else feel the same?