I hate being played. I hate being played. I spent the last 3 months working on myself and just trying to be a better person. Let me tell you it worked. 

* I got a job at this restaurant I like
* Doing somewhat decent in school 
* I'm liking who I am as a person now

It seems as if everything came crumbling down when I met her. That of course is a hyperbole, however, that is just how I am feeling at the moment. We were talking nearly everyday. Things were going well. She had me make a playlist for her. Hell, she even made plans to play Minecraft with me. ~~It was almost like a dream~~. Turns out I wasn't all too wrong when I thought that.

Just yesterday she told me she has plans to break up with her boyfriend. I had no idea she was in a relationship at the time. To me this meant one of two things:

1. She was already having trouble in the relationship and had planned to break up before us talking.
2. I was a crucial part in that whole thing. I was a guy she used as a distraction from him. Someone nice/attractive enough to take her mind off him. A tool she used to finally convince herself things were over. An utter betrayal of my trust.

As I believe anyone would do, I refused to think that option #2 was just me overthinking. Sadly, it was as I expected.

Shortly after she broke up with him I was beginning to be with the "\_\_\_\_\_ liked your message" more and more. That essentially means being left on read. I held on though. I clinged to that last bit of hope that was slowly leaking out of me. I knew what had happened. I knew that me making a playlist for her was just a way for her to feel like someone cared for her again. I knew that the offer for us to play together was just her longing for what once had been with her ex.

Thus, everything I had built for myself seemed as if it were crashing down (even though that is clearly not the case).  I know everything I built still remains. It just seemed that with her everything I built seemed to be a little bit more impressive. 

I hate being played.