My dad's cancer came back On Thursday my parents asked to talk to me. I bombed my calc midterm and I called my dad in tears, saying how I wasn't sure if I could handle school. He said to take it pass/fail, but I was still upset.

That night, I got the call. My dad had back pain over the summer so he told me that he saw a doctor and it turns out it was in his abdomen. They did a CAT scan and my dad said. "I think you know where this is going." I burst into tears cuz I remember finding out that my dad had cancer 7 years ago when I was in 4th grade.

My dad passed out after eating cereal with milk (he's extremely lactose intolerant). He called the ambulance and my mom woke me up at midnight, saying that we had to head to the hospital. They fended you doing a CAT scan to make sure nothing was up. I was trying to sleep in the corner of the room on the floor (I brought a sleeping bag). It was around 3am when the doctor came into the room. He said that they found a lump in his kidney. Although I was in 4th grade and was exhausted, I knew what that meant.

There was no sign of disease for 7 years. We thought he beat it, until now. I'm scared. The cancer should be manageable short-term, but I'm worried about long-term. love him so much and I don't want to see him in pain during chemo. And I especially don't want him to die yet. I want him to see me graduate college and get my pHD and (hopefully) get married. I want him to walk down the isle with me. But idk if that'll ever happen.

I'm in college rn and I'm on campus (my school has a total of 37 student cases over the course of over 2 months, and only 7 active cases). This semester has been rough and intro to bio and chem are whooping my ass. That plus my dad's news is really making me anxious and now I'm legit getting depressed.

I emailed two of my professors and asked for extensions on homework after telling them the news. My bio professor was EXTREMELY sympathetic and asked me how I was doing and told me that she's praying for my dad. She has over 300 students and is the only professor. Hearing her say that while she has so many other students made me feel a lot better.

I reached out to my friends and they are devastated. Especially my best friend for 11 years, whom I called right after I heard the news. She had a test in 20min so she wasn't able to talk to me. She also had a lot of homework to do. After that, around midnight, she asked me what's popping. At that point, I was feeling much better mentally. After all, my parents told me that his prognosis for the short-term seems good. 

She called the next day and we talked for around an hour. Hearing her voice after several months made me feel much better. 

My dad called today and said that he had a good run. He was grateful that he survived for seven years and saw me graduate high school, and that we did so much during those seven years, including going to Yellowstone last summer, which was incredible. I teared up again. He was talking as if he's to die, which, in all likelihood, he probably will. I was trying not to think about that, but him bringing it up made me extremely sad.

It's now around 3 hours since he called and I'm terrified. I love him so much. He's always been there for me, and was so excited when I got into my dream college. He was there when my band won a BOA regional for the first time EVER last year. He was there when I got into the top band after practicing my ass off. He's always supported me. This year, near when I graduated, he embraced me, saying how he was proud of me. 

I'm crying again, thinking about all the good times we had. Goofing off together, being dumbasses. Laughing at my mom being scared of bison when we went to Yellowstone. Hell, even his dad jokes, most of which I groaned at. How he was willing to spend hours trying to get me to understand the Chain Rule. He's truly a good dad.

I don't want him to die.