I'm done My bitch-ass step brother is a fucking entitled brat who gets everything handed to him on a silver fucking platter. 


I'm playing the Xbox that WE SHARE 50/50 (supposed to at least), and this small ass bastard comes in and says, "I'm taking the Xbox." Normally, I'm fine with it, but I was recording a video for my YT channel, so I said, "sorry, not right now." And he said, "you've been on it all day" and I said, "No I haven't; I got on not even an hour ago." Then he said, "Well, you *could* have played it all day." And unplugs the Xbox. I told him, "why do you need it? You only use it for music while you PLAY YOUR PS4." He said because, "the Xbox hits different." I was pissed because he's only using it FOR MUSIC. I asked him if he wanted to use my echo dot to add to his collection of speakers that he already had and he said no. I was pissed so I went to consult the parentals.


I told them what happened and that he's only using it for music and that he has his PS4. Then my step-mom chimed in and asked what I'd done all day. I told her I'd been watching a show (Adventure Time) for most of the day because we're snowed in right now. I was one of the only people who went outside today because I went to shovel the walkway. She said, "well, he's been upstairs the whole day." And I thought, "yeah, upstairs on his phone all day or whining at you to take him somewhere" but I didn't say that out loud. Whats the difference between watching a show and watching your phone?


Anyway, I again stated he's only using it for music and that he can use a speaker to play his music. She said that she would text him. He responded with saying he's playing a game. She rebuttled by saying why isn't he playing his PS4 for games. He responded that its both of ours and if I want it to myself, that I should pay him for it. And my step-mom FUCKING AGREES WITH HIM WHAT THE FUCK. Like I said before, everything handed to him on a silver fucking platter. How ENTITLED do you have to be to play on a PS4 and have an Xbox for FUCKING MUSIC. One expensive-ass speaker if I say. I kinda just stood in shock at how absolutely stupid people are. Like, I know I sound angry, and I am, but I wasn't acting angry at all, I was respectful. But oh my god I'm so pissed.


I knew saying more would get me in trouble, so I just went back downstairs and now I'm writing this. Thank you for reading this long. I just wanted to rant because I have no one else in this absolute shitshow of household we live in to talk to. Well, hope everyone's day has been better than mine. Take care.