I can't I can't I can't I can't take it anymore.

I can't take it anymore.

I can't take it anymore.

I. can't. Take. It. Anymore.

I! Can't! Take! It! Anymore!

I CAN'T TAKE IT ANYMORE !!!!!!!!!!!

&amp;#x200B;

I don't know what to do, what to say.

There is nothing more to do, nothing more to say.

&amp;#x200B;

I just want my body to turn off, to join my spirit. It would be better if they disappeared together. 

Why did you leave me? I'm alone. You were my last hope of redemption. You were the last person I would smile at. I needed a friend.

Why did you leave me?

Why did you leave me?

Why am I so alone? Where are all the people who used to be in my life? Where are all the people I loved? Where are all the people without whom I could not live? Where are the too many guests at my birthday party? 

I have too many fingers to count those who remain. I don't think there are any left.

The student loneliness that we talk about so much only starts when the classes stop.

WHERE ARE MY FRIENDS!!! 

How did I get here?

I have no hope left. I have no future. I don't have any feelings anymore. I am no longer happy, sad, in love, angry, passionate, anxious, overexcited. Everything is gone.

I need to get better. I need to get better. I need to get better. I'm really going to die. My body can't take the pain in my head any longer. I'm really going to die. There's nothing else left. It's only a matter of days, my heart will stop beating on its own. I don't know when I last lived. I don't know when I last felt happiness. I don't know when I last felt an emotion. I would like to be drunk to forget everything. I would like to drown myself in alcohol so I don't remember that I don't feel anything.

No one can help me. It's too late, it was in December that I needed help. Now it's too late, I'm about to die. 

Why am I alone?

I remember when Ewen had his breakdown, and we were there for him. We talked about it in the class council, we made him go to the theatre with us, we invited him to parties, we checked on him at boarding school.

But today, everyone has had their fill of misfortune. We can't be there to support the others anymore, we don't have the shoulders. I just wish I still had one friend. To have just one hug. And cry. I would like to cry. Sometimes I read something or hear music, and I want to cry, but I can't. If there is a god somewhere, I beg him to stop my agony. Whatever the way. Please. Please.