My parents spank my brother and I don’t know what to do about it I’m 16 and my brother is 4. I also have an older brother who’s 23 and an older sister who is 19. There’s obviously a very large gap between me and my younger brother while the rest of my siblings are relatively close in age.

My parents are good people. They’re very kind and loving and they are the farthest thing from abusive. Although they take extremely good care of their children and did a fine job raising us, they never really knew how to handle us acting up.

My older siblings and I never really had a problem following directions. If our mom told us to do something, 9/10 times we’d do it. My younger brother on the other hand as a bit of trouble doing what my mom says. He doesn’t take many things seriously (as most 4 year olds wouldn’t), and sometimes this causes him to get into trouble.

Just today he was wrestling with my mom over a water bottle when she was telling him to try to go to the bathroom (he’s still not fully potty trained). She started off laughing but then she got more serious, when he wouldn’t listen to her she threatened to spank him. He kept messing around so she turned around him spanked him. He said it didn’t hurt so she replied with “do you want me to make it hurt?”, and he quietly walked away. My mom went to check on him a few minutes later and he was crying by himself in the bathroom and he said he thought she wasn’t gonna come and see him.

That broke my heart. I struggle with telling my parents when I mess up because I’m afraid of what they’ll do, and I usually go to the bathroom to cry so they won’t see me, but my brother is only 4 years old and he feels like he has to do this. I’m pretty screwed up mentally and I know my brother is too. I’m not as close with my sister but I know she’s probably in a similar situation. I don’t want my brother to have to deal with the same things I did. Especially if it’s preventable.

I’ve mentioned it a couple times to my dad but it hasn’t done anything. I haven’t told them how much it’s affected me but I’m worried that might scar them, since they obviously care about us so much and I’m sure it would hurt them a lot to know that they’ve psychologically damaged their own children.

I probably won’t go into detail about my depression and stuff cause also a lot of my mental health problems string from other stuff too not just them. I’ll probably just tell them that getting spanked made me afraid to tell them when I did something wrong and your parents are supposed to be the ones to help you out of a bad situation, not punish you for being in it.

I was just hoping you guys could give me some advice about this. I really don’t know what to do, and I obviously can’t go to my parents for advice