Ok ok you’re probably gonna hate this but this is my opinion Alright, first off how is it going during this time? Probably not good working is a complete pain everyone is finding it difficult and other things and it’s bad. Hopefully we get better times for later in the year. 
Now what I’m here to talk about is The girls of social media now this may appear sexist but I hear me out first ok? Ok.

So I follow on ig some friends who are girls I do not simp at all and do not have a “crush” towards any of these girls. So basically I’m not sure what the trend is here but I’m the same age as these girls who are also practically underage Now when I scroll down towards new posts or photos or even stories you can quite easily tell that these girls want to look good on the social and most of these girls have more than their friends now you may think so what? they can do what they want on the internet leave them alone weirdo and whatever but when they post a picture clearly them tryna poke out their boobs or thighs in pictures. I think wtf, why are u doing this? 1 girl has like a 1000 followers no one has 1000 friends unless you really that popular irl, it’s not impossible but very unlikely for someone underage to have that many no offence or anything so obviously there are bots  that randomly follow you as well as probably elder males or boys or other girls and they just accept it. They are going to look at your posts and pictures and who knows what’s gonna happen on their side but the girls are completely like it’s just a photo nothing else. Now go back to my comment on tryna poke their boobs and whatever out To me *INSTANT THOT ALERT* watch out there yo, but what I’m meaning is that stop doing this I don’t want to see this on my ig I don’t want to be an ass or anything but please don’t do that. I’m not trying to attack people and make them feel bad about and get depressed about it but I’m trying to give you some advice on safety amongst the internet especially Instagram because like I said, who knows what’s gonna happen on their side because they’ll probably contact you or try and find you ( maybe a bit exaggerated) but anyways please don’t.