The reasons why I haven't made any updates on my bean plant I don't clearly remember when I made my last update on my bean plant, but I can tell you guys with confidence that my plant lasted for more than two weeks.

In one of the pictures I posted about when I was making daily updates  on the rapid growth of my plant, you can see that the bean itself was being lifted up by a stem.

This stem was thinner than a caprisun straw. The bean wasn't too heavy for the stem itself. However, since the plant was growing rapidly, and the stem grew taller and taller, the stem grew up to this one point where it wasn't so stable anymore. Kinda like when you make a stack of too much legos nd they aren't  stable not because  of weight, but because it didn't  have a stable ground  and was just the same shape, same weight.

So the plant started leaning.

Since it started  leaning, I used a caprisun straw to keep it steady and erect. Kind of like a cast.

It worked for the most part, but then the stem grew taller than the straw itself. 

so then, you're probably thinking, why don't you just  use two straws? I didn't do this because I'd  have to solder them together somehow,  tape wouldn't work.

So the stem slowly started leaning to the side again. 

So then I had the genius idea to do the same thing people do when a tree is too heavy to stand up on his own, I put a chopstick next to it!

But oh boy, was that a huge mistake. 

I had my bean plant in this high place in my kitchen. I put it up high because I have a cat and that was the only place my cat couldn't reach and where it would have enough sun.

So, as I mentioned, my cat didn't reach that place, right?

Well, as it turns out, since it's summer again, the ants living in my house sent the little ants exploring and searching for food.

The ants found my bean plant.

They climbed the chopstick and chopped off the original bean in a matter of 3 hours, while I was on the dentist.

My plant died. It was eaten by chopstick-climbing ants.