Loss of a pet Yesterday at the age of 9 years and 7 months my Maine Coon cat Misu suddenly passed away. I really mean suddenly no sort of warning signs at all. In the morning i woke up got out of my room Misu was sitting on the kitchen counter looking outside when she spotted me she ran over to me wanting to be pet i petted her went to make some breakfast, Misu went to her food bowl i gave her food she ate well looked healthy acted normal business as usual.

Later that day i was sitting on the couch watching tv when suddenly Misu just jumps up almost 2 meters into the air straight into a wall falls on the floor meows loudly a couple times takes a couple breaths and just stopped moving. All over in 5 seconds or so. I ran over to her check if she was breathing, no checked if she had anything in her mouth blocking her airway, no checked if she had a pulse, no. 

I started panicking a bit i called my closest veterinary lifted my limp lifeless cat into a cat carrier and drove a good to the veterinary. There after the veterinarians took a look at Misu they said that she was dead and there was nothing that could be done anymore. I called my parents and my brother said my final goodbyes to Misu and drove home with an empty cat carrier next to me.

From the moment i arrived home i have just laid in bed just thinking about it. She was a healthy cat there were absolutely no signs of any problem and then out of nowhere, Misu one of my best companions the cat that has been with me for so long stayed by my side and comforted me through anything from bad breakups to the death of a relative is gone just like that. 

Im never going to see her again never going to pet her again never able fall asleep with her sleeping on my feet for the whole time since it happened ive just been in a state of shock and disbelief scrolling through my phones gallery looking at pictures and videos of her not even being able to eat. Sometimes when i try to breath it just feels like theres a huge pile of bricks on top of my chest. From what ive read the average age of cats should be around 14 to 18 years old its just feels unfair that Misu only lived to 9.

To the people who have had to suffer through unfortunate events like this: How long did it take for you to accept the facts and start living normally again? What did you do to get yourself to become a functioning member of society again? I know that one day its probably going to be okay but now i just feel like shit. Misu the most loving and greatest cat and overall the best animal being ive ever encountered in my life, may you rest in peace.