Relationship Entry 8 This is the 8th entry in a diary like series about my relationship with my girlfri-
Ok screw it, imma get to the point because this one is bad

No we did not break up, but I feel like absolute shit

So I went over her house today to hang out, we were playing a bit on her XBox and having a good time. She then wants to go and shoot her bow, me being very interested, I of course say yes to her request. We go outside and she puts down an orange target about 3 feet by 3 feet (about 1 meter by 1 meter) a small distance infront of her.

She isn't the most accurate for the first 5ish shots, but she said that was because she was using the wrong eye. But for some reason, I was feeling... out of it. Like some part of me had shut off. I was just blank, thoughtless. She clearly expected a smile or laugh, instead I stayed sitting on the ground, blank and expressionless. She shot a few more shots and exclaimed in a soft tone,
 "We can go inside if you want." And I said as about as blankly as possible,
 "No I like you shooting, keep going." She responded then replied with,
"Are you sure?" And it was at that point, for some stupid odd reason, I replied in an angry and aggressive tone but not quite shouting,
"I said keep going."

It wasn't because of something she did, why I could never truly be mad at her. She's so kind and supportive, and always makes me smile with her amazing face. She's the best girlfriend anyone could ever have. After that, instead of just missing the target or hitting the target itself, she completely missed by a whole 5 or more feet ( 1.5 meters) not once, but twice.

The next thing I see is her dropping to her knees on the ground, and then she starts crying. Of course the first thing I do is get over to her as quickly as possible and hug her. I hug and proceed to not let go,  I CAN'T let go. This is my huge mistake, I was thinking, I just can't leave her be. She then says while still crying.

"I'm sorry for making you upset or angry." I then replied as fast as possible with a,
"I'm not upset or angry." after that I said. "It's my fault for appearing that way." I make sure that I keep hugging her at all time, and just to try and help even more I give her a small kiss on the cheek.

Things got better after that... For her at least, she recovered in about 2 seconds when I went to her freezer and got ice cream. But I still felt like shit, how could I do that to her.


Here's where I do some love advise, or some of the other ones where I be absolutely silly. So here it goes.
Try not to unleash your anger on others you care about, because that anger hurts you twice as much.

Now if you'll excuse me, I'm going to cry into this pillow for a few minutes.