My online friends.. I should start this off by saying that I’m a person who rarely cuts someone off or knows how to do it so easily. I always end up feeling guilt and abandonment so fast for no reason. I go through these issues alone and would rather make myself uncomfortable than confront anyone or express my real opinion. That’s why a lot of people think I’m too nice and shy.

I met a group of people around late summer 2019 on a reading app called Wattpad. We mainly got close but I still remember feeling abandoned by them because of my distance to most of them. They counted me as one of them (or said so) even though I was rarely there. I’ve only started being active and helping always keep the groupchat alive when the quarantine started. 

A month later or so I met my now bestfriend and girlfriend and she grew a lot on me. I wanted to introduce her to them, because (believe it or not) I counted them as family and wanted to share my happiness with them. 

Later on around the end of 2020 two girls of them started getting really careless about what was discussed in there and what ppl came to them about, they only cared about sharing posts and favorites some people, not my girlfriend who I tried to make a part of this gc that I idolized. 

She then told me that they absolutely disregarded her situation, feelings and kept joking with each other and trying to be so funny about it and make it seem like it was a common thing to joke about. They only saw her as piece to hang on me and not as a member of ‘us’. So she came to me and asked if I would be upset if she left the gc. I completely supported her and we didn’t say anything to them. A month or half a month later, on New Years, one of them noticed and everyone started calling her a traitor, etc. 

I was really disappointed with them so I kept silent and then they came to me and I played dumb. So they just ignored it and ever since I’ve tried to play along as if I didn’t mind but I don’t know what to do. It was my birthday today and yet only one of them wished me in there and the one (who was always nearest to me) just read the conversation.

I don’t know what to do anymore
Maybe it’s me, the toxic one, not them. 
I hate myself for that. 

What should I do?