I fucked up Three days ago I was going to ask out someone. I don’t want to mention her name because im pretty sure she’s on this subreddit, but I knew she at least had interest in me by the way we would talk. The conversation would sometimes turn into flirtatious but that’s besides the point. I was going to ask her out but I didn’t, and there’s a reason why. My Sophomore year was a very bad year for me. I was admitted into two mental hospitals, one called The Brook and another called Our Lady of Peace or O.L.O.P. for short. The Brook was the first ever mental hospital I’ve ever been in and it was because of reasons I won’t go into but yes it was suicide related, but the only thing holding me up then was this other girl. We talked, got close, she even took my first kiss. I asked her out and she said yes, well two days later I’m being admitted into the mental hospital. I text her before they take my phone for some last minute support, and the next message I get was. “I can’t do this rn, I can’t date. I like someone else as well and I don’t want to lead you both on. I’m sorry but I need some time....were through”. We hadn’t even gone on our first date. Well 8 days later and I’m out of the hospital. Was out on meds and I was fine. Well I get my phone back and charge it, the first thing I see when I get on are 117 DMs from people In my school, telling me about how I got played and lead on by the same girl just to get with another guy. And this was proven by the fact that she sent me this message verbatim not even two days later after my hospitalization. “Hey so your probably going to be very very pissed at me, a lot of people are actually pissed at me but that’s ok. So you know who called me while you were gone, shit head Gillan (she added that’s thinking I would laugh). And truth be told, I think we’re back together...please don’t hate me..”. That’s his real name, Cameron Gillian. The only reason why I’m not censoring his name is because he’s a peace of shit who’s now serving prison time as a convicted arson. So fuck you Gillian. But as for the girl, I loved her. I really did, I don’t know how to explain it but she was different. She was my first GF and the first person I’ve ever felt that way towards. She stole my first kiss like it was nothing and took so much from me that she will never understand. This trauma is still with me today. I’m afraid to ask anyone else out or even get into a relationship because I’m paranoid. Im afraid I’m to easy, or I’m not good enough. That I can just be thrown away like nothing, I’ve not attractive qualities and I can’t see myself ever getting into another relationship because of myself not being good enough for anyone. Idk what to do, I fucked up my chance at another relationship because she’s now talking to someone else and I threw my shot away because of this stupid fucking fear.....