All my friends are getting closer and I feel like I’m just getting left behind (16M) There’s this group of friends I’m in, with 4 other people. 2 of them are in a relationship, and the other two aren’t, but it feels like they are. They did have a little thing that lasted like a month but the girl wasn’t ready for a relationship so she ended it. 

I just, I feel like everyone is getting closer together, cause I also know they have group chats together with all of them in that I’m not. Like they send screenshots of random things and I can see the gc’s sometimes. Idk if they’re active and I’m just overthinking it all but, the feeling is still there and it’s just, it’s torture man.

Like, the girl that broke up with the other person, I just, I feel this sorta like, attraction to her, and idk why but I just, I wanna be liked by her yk, like I wanna be close. So I’m just stuck in thsi loop of like, I don’t wanna follow er everywhere and do everything she does, and I don’t wanna smother her ig, but I’m also just scared of losing what I’ve gained and her just leaving me behind.

I feel like an asshole cause, I’m like, picking and choosing, ig. Like idfk why I want the girl to like me, I dotn wanna go out with her or anything, Ik it would never work, but I still just, I wanna be friends but, idfk. We’ve had a Rocky relationship in the past, which was pretty much me just fucking up and her not liking me, but I think I’ve fixed that and improved. I’ve asked someone else in the group multiple times if she does actually like me, and I’m told she does but, idi just, wanna be good friends with her, and when I see her fuckin, doing shit with other people and being close to them, leaving me out, I just feel like shit.

But then I also hate myself cause of it cause it just I feel like im being an asshole about it, like an overprotective bf or soemthing. I like, ok I’ll give an example. We were all on a mc server a couple days, and it was me, her, the guy she was going out with but is now just good friends with, and a guy we all met a couple days ago. She said she only hugs her besties in game, to whcih she proceeded to hug everyone but me. We do bully each other and take the piss all the time, so idk if she was just doing it for fun, like leaving me out I mean, or if she actually meant it, cause she’s done similar things to that in the past.

I just dk if I’m overthinking things, or if it’s actually bad, but I just dk what to do