my friends dad has been going through a lot lately. my friend’s dad been going through a lot lately. we grew up together and he’s always been a great guy. he was the ideal father. 
but lately he has been having. a really tough time. work has been tuff and he has been on the edge of getting fired for a while now. he just had a new child born and she has some birth complications and her twin brother died. the birth costs lots of money and he’s been working his butt off to get payed enough. but loosing a child is hard. because of this he started drinking more. he would stay up late doing work and get up early to work. he started getting angrier and short tempered. he became abusive with his kids and wife. my father tried to talk to him and so did my friend but it was only a temporary solution. it would go back to normal. it wasn’t my place but i stepped in and texted him a few days ago.

“at work you are replaceable. to your boss you are just another person. but what are you going to do about that? you can’t just let him look at you as another worker. you need to step up and show him that you are not just another person. you are a great guy, and you are a hard worker and you need to show that to him. you are replaceable at work but you aren’t replaceable at home. you have a family, you have kids and a wife. you are partly responsible for their life’s. you only get one chance so you cannot mess it up with your family. you can always find another job but you cannot just find another family. you have a daughter to take care of, and a son who loves and looks up to you as a role model. put down your drinks and pick up your life. look at your family, look at what is happening to your life.”

two weeks later there was a box outside the house, i looked inside and saw lots of cases of unopened beer sitting next to the trash can. he got a promotion two weeks after that and payed off the money he owed for the birth five weeks later and he stopped hitting his family.

the next time he saw me, he gave me a hug and told me, “you should be a family counselor or be one of those people who answers calls for the suicide prevention phone number or something like that.”

since then he’s been promoted two more times and had another kid. he’s been doing great lately. and he never misses a chance to thank me.