Rethinking all my Friendships D= My friend. MF=Mutual Friend. R=Random and Friends Cousin
Alright. So I started middle school this year so I’m in 6th grade. We weren’t in person for the first time until about a month ago. Over the year, I made a few friends In my classes but only one I actually spoke to out of school except for the girl I am talking to. He is in my home room but nothing else. It just so happened that he was mutual friends with my best friend from elementary school that I’m still tight with. Anyway, to get to the point, I found out his Xbox live and now him, our mutual friend and a few other people here and there, play 2K together. Tonight though was different. He added me to a face time call with one number I recognized as his cousin and two I had no clue about. So I join and my best friend isn’t there to back me up like normal because he was playing a rocket league wager. When I join the two ransoms are like “who is this kid D?” So D introduced me and they immediately started joking about my name and how I sound like a gay nerd bc of how I talk. I have a lisp and a small speech impediment that I’ve had from birth and I was in speech therapy and corrected most of it but it’s still sometimes there. Other than that my voice is pretty deep for my age. (Sorry for straying off topic so much btw, I just think these things might be important to the situation) So I half laugh, just so I don’t seem like an uptight crybaby. (Now for the rest of the story to make sense I have to lay a few more things out for context. All of the people except me on this call were biracial, me and my best friend are both white. I don’t want to get controversial so I’m just going to say me and my best friend both support the person who ran against Biden but please don’t criticize me for that, I don’t want to be political. I have a MAGA sign type thing in the angle I was holding my phone on ft. I make honor role and I helped D out with math a few times in the past. I’m slightly overweight but I’ve been working out)So the jokes continue about me being gay and at this point I haven’t even played a game yet. After the first one, D has also been “joking” about it. At this point I’m getting pissed and I tell them all to shut up. Then D says “Just because we are black and you’re white, and you’re good at math, doesn’t mean that your cracker ass can command us like slaves.” I was star struck. All that was going through my head was how I had been nothing but nice and he basically called me a racist pig that like to see black people enslaved. Then they start saying things like “yea you support trump and that makes you racist”. Eventually one of them who was a little more chill told them to chill out and stop giving me a hard time. Then the other random said “I don’t give a f*** he can burn”. They all died laughing. Then D says that I’m a fatass (I’m like less that 15 lbs overweight and I’ve worked off 20+ pounds in the past 3 months) and that I go around the school hallways handing out twinkies and whenever I eat one I think it’s spicy. Then the one I thought was kind of chill said “He prolly says’mmm this smacks, Lordy be’” he made himself sound like he was a redneck (I’m from Kentucky) and I don’t even know what he meant by the “Lordy Be”. We were just about done with the first game now and I had missed all my shots because I was so mad. They then called me ass and said I would never get a girl and that I was a racist jerk. I had shot a few jokes back at the start( that I now realize were corny) like when they called me gay I said “Yea you’re mom would say otherwise”. Anyway, they ended the whole thing with saying that if I were to die no one would miss me and I told them to fuck off, blocked all their numbers, reported them all on Xbox live for hate speech because that’s what I took it as and block them all on Xbox too. Now I’m fearing that more of my so called friends are like this and if I should just say screw it and never talk to any of them except the ones that I’ve known since kindergarten again. I’m sure I’m blowing the whole situation out of the water but what they said hurt and I couldn’t believe someone could change on me like that. Any advice? I know I’m probably too young to be getting caught up in drama but it just happens. Thank you all for reading, have a good spring break.