RIP Stone Face Shield I've had a permanent 24/7 stone face like shield protecting me for years by blocking all emotions from coming in or out. I could feel some sometimes but that's it. This has kept my cool in certain situations but if something bad or good was to happen I would be like "meh..."

Besides that I would be in a way some of my emotions were dead. I would feel some happyness but mainly nutural fellings. When someone would offend me or I would see a inapproiate or unfunny meme or just joking I would be like "ok" and kept scrolling.

But... I've been supporting someone mentally this year for 5 months and this weakened  my shield slowly and slowly. At the beginning when it started to weaken my shield I began absorbing some of that negative chat energy and anger took over me. As my shield wouldn't let anything out until weakened, the anger stayed but slowly leaving. As I was in the same server daily that energy stayed in me until I igorned the server for a few days. I actually was calmer. I rejoined the animation community at the end of July which I immidatly absorbed all the positive energy at once from that virtual place making me ultimately happy and motivated. When that happened I should have realized my shield was close to it's end as it didn't stop the energy. A few days later something happened. . . And that was the end... My stone face shield shattered and the blocked emotions in me were released due to the situation and cried for the first time in years.

Without that shield I started to absorb almost everything and I became ultimately vulnerable as I became hypersensitive and my offense acceptance level dropped to 0. I began lashing out at the simplest friendly intended jokes. My heart rate would rise and my head would burn with anger by the simplest things.

But I'm glad that shield was broken cause I'm sadder and happier that before which I suppose is kinda good, not the sadness but you get it. I actually felt like dancing and singing along to happy music which I never did before. Yesterday I realized I was an Empath. I've been one for years but didn't know till yesterday cause of that shield blocking my sensitivity.

Unfortunately now, I need a new 24/7 permanent shield but I want one like my old one. But more open and sensible to some of the important emotions rater than being total solid and nutural.

What is that type of shielding even called? I can't seem to find it on the web.