I hate this kid. So there's this dude who goes to my school, it seems he has problems, such as being a complete asshole, not doing work. I'm not concerned that somebody at my school doesn't do work, it becomes a problem when his asshole behavior is directed towards me.

So last year, I had two classes with him, German and English. German, I had to interact with him once, he came off as a complete idiot and didn't know what he was doing. English, i'll list things, he's sexually assaulted a girl (he got slapped after, but everybody thought it was funny), he constantly had failing grades, didn't listen, comes off like i don't care about anything, and i'm so bad and tough.

This is the disturbing part, and also an infuriating part. During a study period, my friend shows a pic to me, it's of me and two other dudes in a bathroom pissed, I was in the middle urinal cause I had to piss so bad, and I was kinda humped in the pic. So my friends laughing, and I'm just sitting there like, why, what, when, AND THE SAME FUCKING DUDE IS IN THE ROOM. He was with his "friend group" in the room so approaching wasn't good, I'm a pussy, and also he's built muscular (not that it's intimating, it's just that he's an unpredictable dude), and I'm a twig.

The more infuriating part was literally 2 hours ago, me and my brothers went outside to lightsaber fight, and like we all saw him pass by, and I swear to god, he flipped us off. That's what I saw at first, and I was gonna say something, but didn't at the moment. My brother said hi, but i swear he flipped us off again, it was dark afterall. I was so pissed off after, I was about to yell something but I didn't, I was with my "perfect, christian brother" and he would be like stop, don't say anything. Goddamn I wanted to fucking punch that douche right over there. Also it was dark, so that's why I didn't exactly see, but he had the same hair and ugly ass face.

this is so frustrating, the fact it's the same dude that took a pic of me in the bathroom, I just wanted to do something. My brothers calmed me down, and I enjoyed my night. I wanna go out tomorrow, go in the exact same spot, and see if he comes out, I'm fucking saying shit this time. I was also able to calm myself cause he's the "idiot" as I refer to, just knowing he make it out of highschool is good enough for me and hopefully he doesn't make it anywhere in life too. happy day, happy times, not really.

sorry for any spelling errors or grammar, I'm just pissed rn.