It really sucks spending a day with someone you'll never be with. It's been a while since I used reddit as my personal diary. I just wanted to get my feelings out and thought someone might enjoy reading sumn like this idk.

I met this girl a while ago, but didn't have a crush until April 2020. This is mostly because my girlfriend at the time was really, not the best, she never asked to hang out, started facetiming her ex again after he contacted her 3 weeks prior and I had to find out because one day when we were cuddling together he called and she ANSWERED to say I'm busy. Idk. Just alot too more but those were the major Red flags at the time that got me liking the second one.

This girl I met thru my gf at the time, she was more of a friend of a friend. She's socially anxious but knows what's real, down to earth, we liked the same music and she was funny and we really hit it off. We became really good friends, texting everyday all day and makin jokes and soon enough, she became my reason for smiling everyday. Everytime I sprung up a topic or made a joke shed always bring the same energy or more. Wed play minecrafr together and started shows at the same time and would text on where we were in the show and what we thought.I kept my feelings to myself. This went on from about April to late june. 

In mid June I had finally had enough and I told my gf how I felt about us, and ended it. She never made the effort anymore to ask to hangout, or to even facetime. She never called on ft. we had never even gone on a first date (and we'd been dating since February)  because she was "too nervous to ask her mom." Even tho she got an ok back in February but she was busy every weekend so it never happened. And not to mention the whole ex situation. We barely talked about anything anymore and everytime I tried to bring about a fun topic or a convo or a joke shed just say "bruh" or "that's nice." I i just didn't even bother anymore since I felt like she didn't care.

Even though the other girl was always just a friend, she felt closer to me than my gf ever did. In terms of effort and talking and everything. 

Then around mid June she just, stopped using snap, or just socials in general, and we just kinda lost contact.... Until recently. My friend's brother starting becoming her friends friend. And she was more of a tag a long so then they all started hanging out. And yesterday, they included me too. Even though we hadnt really spoken in a while, I was reminded why I had a crush on her. When the night ended and I got home, I had a dream of what could've been. And thought about it, and realized since we only have a summer left, there's nothing much else to do. I just gotta cherish moments like these.