ranking the letters of the alphabet 1. S
to no ones surprise s is the most versatile letter out there. a nice shape, thousands of uses, no downsides, can go on almost every word, easy to make the sound.
2. Y
coming in at number two is y. a controversial pick to be sure, but it’s unique status of being both a vowel and a consonant makes it unlike any other and truly unreplacable
3. A
the flagship mascot of the alphabet. best vowel. need i say more
4. L
incredibly fun to say, easy to write, simple, concise, clear.
5. B
i must admit i’m a bit biased towards b because i used to have a speech impediment and b was really one of the only letters i could say clearly, but come on what’s not to like
6. I
i is not outstanding, but it is a vowel, and is one of two letters in the language that is its own word, and for that, i give it kudos 
7. T
t is one of the unsung hero’s of the alphabet. it holds words together, starts them off, and is the partner of the best letter (t) a stellar letter without a doubt
8. H
h is the ultimate wingman. fits with half the letters in the alphabet, and makes them so much better.
9. C
c is just a spectacular sound. granted, it is not unique, but it’s harsh tone makes words sound so fierce
10. E
 putting e any lower would just be disrespectful. it is the most overrated letter, but it absolutely carries half the alphabet.
11. P
p is a very polarizing letter. not quite as good as b but in combination with h becomes a whole different sound, which is fairly unique. not my favorite but still cool 
12. F
i can’t put f much lower than p. f is just solid. soft, easy, and simple. not special but not bad
13. O
o is just the most average letter. it’s a vowel sure, but it doesn’t do anything special, isn’t used in fun ways, and is just a circle.
14. X
i personally love x, but it’s just not good enough on its own to be high ranked. it NEEDS help from vowels to really shine, and that’s just not the sign of a top tier letter
15. M
m is the most forgettable letter. often lost in speech and glossed over. not fun, not special, just forgetting. it’s the arby’s of the alphabet 
16. N
literally just worse m. 
17. V
v is just... awkward. it doesn’t fit anywhere really good and isn’t particularly attractive. it has its uses but they’re really not that good. not fun to say, nor to write.
18. R
r is trying to be the jack of all trades, but can’t do it properly. not harsh enough to be c, not smooth enough to be L, not versatile enough to be s.
19. U
without a doubt the worst vowel. practically made obsolete by o. i cannot stand u. makes gross noises in combo with others.
20. Z
i want to put z higher. i really do. but it’s too annoying to say, too similar to s, and just too niche.
21. G
g has the WORST noise in the alphabet. if not for its sheer amount of uses it would be last.
22. J
j is underused and for a reason. it’s not useful. it doesn’t have any combos, and can’t even end a good word. needs to get its stuff together
23. K
wannabe c. pointless letter.
24. Q
q is useless without u. it’s literally ANOTHER C SOUND. and is SO underused. grated the q and u combo sounds cool, which is the only thing preventing it from being even lower
25. W
ugly letter, unoriginal name. terrible sound. would be the worse if not for the last on our list 
26. D
d is a terrible letter. used too much for its value. way too hard to say in the middle of a word. can be easily misheard. not fun to write. i hate it.