Saturation in dodecaphony ch. 1 Note: this will be a serialized series, new installments will come whenever they can. Give feedback on the story if you have any.

Entry 428, September 13th, 2074

Hoooooooo boy...
What was today? Even recalling it feels super faint, despite how recent it was for me. Guess I'll start off with the usual, then go on from there.

Woke up early, about 6:00 AM and got some oatmeal and toast. Been meaning to get some real dishes, but paper plates are more convenient for me. Did the usual, drove to work, got some coffee (alt of course, would love to try some real coffee, but that's way out of my budget), fed my bunnet, did work for Doug since he can't get his chipped back up if it meant he would be a billionaire, and managed to mow the lawn during lunch break (Spliff R Us a god send), and went to Disney train station, ya da ya da. It's what happened next that I really want to write about.
Going back, I was looking for any sense of inspiration for my music as I sat with my tablet in my hands. Been stressed like no one, working to find a way to make ends meet for rent later this week, and is most definitely exhausted. 
The stail and humid air of the summer day sifted through the vehicle, permeating stronger with the large amount of passengers inside. So, waiting impatiently for a chance to land at my stop. As I keep thinking about it, the driver stops the train, and I start packing my things, now waiting for the large crowd of passengers to leave a space for her to get through. 
After what feels like forever at this point, I finally manage to walk outside, and I start thinking what I should do now. Go back home? Maybe walk around the city? Rest at a nap salon? After a bit of thinking, I decide that I need to clear mind, and walking around the city is the perfect opportunity in order to do so. I wasn't really looking where, not paying much attention to where I'm specifically going, rather focusing on letting out steam. Then, looking up, I see a place that I have never been to before. A vague sign in front that say's “Chromatic Love” I figure that I want to enter, and uh...
What I find is a bit of a decrepit, empty room that makes me anxious to say the least. It looked damn near abandoned, with cracks and chips of paint lying around, with one person inside, shifting around the only portrait inside of the house, a picture of the 12 tone scale. The only other thing inside is a surprisingly shiny and well kept piano. He seemed very into it, and she speaks up. “Sir? Is this a store? Can you help me?”. 
The man turns around, having a wide and toothy grin. “Oh! Welcome welcome welcome! I’m sorry that it looks dirty here, we don’t get too many visitors here hehe.” As he kicks the rotting corpse of a rat away. “So, we at Chromatic Love celebrate the chromatic scale and are dedicated to, and practice a very special technique called 12 tone serialism, do you know what that is?” Nope, have no clue. “Good good good! You see, it gives all of the tones the same influence! Most composers pick and choose the tones like spoiled children, but here, we treat them all with the respect they deserve! It can get you anywhere you want you see!” He takes a swig of a water bottle and starts to play. His face changes like a switch, becoming emotionless and hard to read. The feeling is...odd to say the least. It’s almost comforting, but has an air of utter wrongness. The  music is like a harsh current of a rushing river, keeping me captive within it. The music washes over my eardrums...and somehow, I'm back on the train. Now, feeling nauseous, I basically do the same things as last time, and i get off the train again but instead she gets off at a house. For whatever reason, I feel compelled to knock and...it’s my boss. How did I even get here? Before I can speak, he starts speaking “Hello Sarah, what are you doing here? I never told you where I live” Dazed, I say “the train stopped, and I thought about knocking here. But now that I am here...could you please give me a raise? I’ve been having a lot of trouble lately with my finances.” he says nothing for what feels like forever, and once again, talks. “Alright, meet me up for tomorrow, and we’ll talk more about the raise, I think you deserve it.”
What?
This month has been so...daunting. But now I was getting the raise I've  been asking for a while? 
Hoping someone can help me with what's going on, will meet back with ya tomorrow!
&lt;3