I’m really anxious for school The title describes what I’m talking about (as titles do) but basically, my mother is forcing me to go back in person, (mom and dad divorced, mom got custody) and it’s not even the whole virus thing that makes me super anxious. Of course I’m nervous about getting the virus, all that stuff. (I live in the shitshow of a country called the U. S.). But that’s not the big thing that makes me anxious. I am very much an introvert, so this quarantine has kinda been my dream. Sitting at home all summer, playing games and watching YouTube videos? Hell yeah, sign me up. So when I think about going back to school I can’t help but feel anxious about how little free time I am going to have. My school starts at 9:30, and ends at 4:20. When I get home, I have at least 2 hours of homework every night, and then it’s usually time to start making/eating dinner, I watch TV for like 30 minutes, and then it’s time to go and take a shower, and get ready for bed. Like, there is no time in the day for me to just chill out and watch YouTube videos, play Minecraft, just do the things that I enjoy and use to destress. And during the weekend, I usually have very little time. 2. Short. Days. That’s all I have during the week to myself. And then it usually takes about half a day to go and see my horse (he doesn’t live on our property, he lives about 30 mins away) and then it takes at least 2 hours to finish all the chores my mom assigns me, and another 2 to do my laundry. Then cue the whole dinner thing again, and that’s an entire day. Like, during the school year, I have no freedom. It’s horrible. And every year I always feel so anxious about going back to school and having my free time and hobbies stripped from me in sake of “learning”. Every year, I go through my shiny new planner and look at the dates when we have an extra day off, when spring break/winter break is, just every precious extra second I have. And it makes me depressed. During the school year, my life is just consumed with the same day over and over, and staying on a strict schedule on what I have time to do. I fucking hate it. 

(This post might sound really entitled and spoiled, but trust me, I’m in no way like that. I just really love to have some alone time, and with school, it’s always another thing on top of another thing.)