Fears and advice Well, we all have some kind of fear, fear of getting scolded, fear of getting punished, fear of height, fear of darkness, fear of spiders, etc. But, I have a different fear - Fear of social interaction

Maybe it is because of me being an introvert or my thinking that I might screw up so that will be an awkward moment for me in front of others. 

And hold on, there is another fear of mine called- The fear of School, oh I hate school!

Probably that’s because of my first fear or my thinking that my classmates will make my fun if I might do something wrong or take a wrong action in front of others.

For example, this is what happened to me in my 11th grade, my shoe got immersed into bull shit when we were outside at the ground in games period. I was going to make an animation to elaborate the whole thing, but I didn’t, I realised that it will be enough to make you think that 

“this guy is strange, what a weirdo” and “Hahahaha, self burn, those are rare”

So, I hope you understand my concern. And today I am talking about fears because I am gonna face one soon. Today is my viva ! And viva of 3 subjects, I have been waiting for this moment, whenever there was an answer to a question in which I got stuck while an oral test or revision or something, I was asked that how will you give a viva ? So yeah, this moment is much awaited and also, I thought there will be no viva this year, but dang Google meet and the school, they have made their mind to screw me up, but anyways, I’ll prepare for it. Or at least try to prepare for it. 

Talking about advice, here’s an advice : don’t give advice until someone asks you to give advice.

wait, the sentence above is ironic, I’m shattering my own beliefs by doing this, but this is just because I want to express my views on this topic. Giving advice, even when I give a good advice, makes me think like a sidekick, yeah, that’s a sidekick role, giving advice. The role of a hero is to make decisions and perform accordingly.

I am not saying that do not give advice or giving advice makes someone a sidekick, but it just makes me feel that way.

Do you want some more advice?(ironic)

Wait, one more thing: those people who have made more mistakes, they provide useful advice, so does that mean that someone was a hero first and when he made a mistake then he became  sidekick or what?