If god is real, he's an awful being. Don't get mad, I respect everyones beliefs but this is just my personal opinion. If it feels right to worship any type of god for you, go for it.


God wouldn't be any better than Satan if he does exist.


The world is full of pain.

My prayers never got answered.

I begged and begged on my knees multiple times for him to guide me.

I followed him and his rules blindly.

So many people worship something that doesn't help. 

The idea of something greater than us that could stop the pain in the world just sitting back and watching us slowly crumble into nothing is absurd. 

The idea of something or someone sending us into eternal agony after death if we don't follow his rules or believe in him just seems too crazy.

If he forgives all sins, why does he seem so evil?


"He gave us free will" they say. Sure, he did. But I don't think someone so "great" would be able to watch the world and everyone in such pain forever. He would definitely help us along the way if he was there for us. "He loves and forgives everyone" So why do we get threatened with burning in hell after death if he would really forgive everything?

I'm starting to think religions were made up to make people act right. Just like in the old times people were made to believe that they could buy themselves out of hell with MONEY. Of course that was debunked, but how do we know if the bible is even right?

On the other hand is satanism. If you look into it satanism seems like the better option to choose from.

There's no evil in satanism, as some believe there is.

Satanism doesn't discriminate against any people, any religions and pushes you to be yourself and not to harm others.

It teaches you to bring the best out of yourself and to stay in your own lane.

As opposed to belief, satanism isn't what people make it seem like. It's honestly the opposite of any type of evil and doesn't force you to worship someone that you don't even know is there or not.

If I were to follow any religion it would surely be satanism rather than blindly following a god that will send me into flames at the end of my life span because I wasn't a perfect saing.

It doesn't threaten you to spend your afterlife in eternal agony if you don't do something right.