Aren't you tired? Aren't you tired of everyone telling you what to do? Of everyone saying what you should be and what you should believe in? What you should make others believe? They tell us what to do, they tell us how to dress, eat, think, and they also expect us to just take it like some loyal dogs. Aren't you all tired of this? Tired of seeing people tell you exactly what you are. And don't you DARE think something else, they will make your life hell. Be born with something that doesn't allow you to be like they want you to, and you will be bullied. Be diffferent, be bullied. This is bullshit. We kill eachother for a cheap mix of metals, a bit of fucking paper, and some bits making a fake number with no real value. All for what? We are greedy assholes. Aren't you tired of having to smile because of a funny situation and not a happy life? Aren't you fucking tired of being pitied by people? Of cowards that need to be in a group just to make your life hell? I am, I am tired of people, I am tired of shitty morals told by fake people, tired of fake smiles and fake laughs, tired of pity. They make us work so we can live, giving many of us a shitty paycheck that doesn't even cover our needs, just because rich people want to be richer. So what do we do? Die on the streets? You will be seen as scum, hated, just for something you didn't choose. We give OUR lifes away to make a random asshole richer, we let rich people rule our lifes, we let idiots choose who goes to jail or not. Haven't you heard a lot of people in this sub say they feel like shit? I have, why? Because people suck. Aren't you tired of abusive parents asking you for more than what you can do? Of shitty friends that will ditch you when you are boring because of depression or anxiety instead of supporting you? As I said, I am. Life is bullshit, and what do we do? Nothing, because stupid people give stupid rich people power. They decide over our lifes and call it freedom. They abuse us and call it discipline. They break us and call it "preparing for life". I don't care if you think I am edgy, an asshole, or dumb. This is what I believe. We should fight to be ourselves, not loyal pets.