I am not really good with titles but ye, I just really wanted to talk about some things I have had in my mind for a long time. Well I have been having many thoughts for quite some time and I don't really know how I am supposed to feel. Also, excuse me if I have any typos but my hands are cold rn because I had to go and buy milk and I am not really in the mood to read what I have written after I have wrote it.

Anyways, a year ago and more I used to want and kill myself or just leave everything behind and Runaway from my home. Mostly the 2nd thing tho because I do kinda value my life. I don't think that I ever got friends I could trust with everything. Sure, when there's a fight going on they will come to help me the same way I do but I never really wanted to talk about my personal life with people I call close friends. And the first time I got a friend I could trust was like on Fabruary 2020 when one of my friends asked for my advise to sell weed.

The relationship I have with my biological father is complicated, I like him but I don't think that if I try I can have a normal father-son relationship with him but there are many things preventing this from happening. He is a great dude but I also live in a neighbouring country so I see him and his relationship with my mother isn't great either. 

The relationship I have with my step dad (my mother divorced him like 10 months ago tho) is great? I guess, I call him dad (because I great up with him for 8-9 years from the age of 5-6 to 14). I won't say that he is a good person because he used my mother to get her in a program so that he can get the money and pay off some shit for his ex wife causing my mother to not be able to get a full time job for the next like 10 years (this happened like 7 years ago or something if I am not mistaken, the work my mother has rn is basically illegal after a certain time of the year). I do try to keep a relationship with him and would usually see him once every week if it wasn't for this quarantine shit tho. 


The relationship I have with my mother is the most complicated out of all, sure I have had fights with my step dad (I don't remember ever getting in a fight with my biological dad because I don't see him so much except summer for 2-3 months so ye...) but the fights I have had with my mother especially like a year and more ago happened like once every week for various things. Sure, she used to have many psychological problems because of her work and her relationship with my step dad since they were going to divorce sooner or later but she was taking it out on me for not having good grades and cleaning the dishes and such things. I remember one time it got physical and she scratched me with her nails and I just pushed her back on her bed (which was right below mine, I didn't have personal space until like a few months ago so would sit in the living room either alone or with my step father) and she proceeded to have a panic attack and then my grandmother started calling me swearing at me and telling me how awful I am and then telling me to take care of my mother (which I did). 

I remember when my mother saw the shit from self harm in my arm her first reaction was to tell me that if I didn't tell her what it was for she was going to tell my grandmother and then everyone in the family would know and tbh I didn't and still don't want anyone to know about that and its the first time I talk about it if I am not mistaken. I ended up making up some shit about wanting to know how it feels or some shit and she probably believed it. 

She has also told me that I was an accident and she would also get mixed up with the bullying problems when I told her not to do anything because she would make things worse (I would basically get beaten up by 3+ dudes. Sometimes it would even be 7 or more when I was in 7th grade, now in 9th grade no one even dates to touch me tho but that's another story, at least I solved that problem). 

And last but not least she has a problem with me being a little bit more introverted (even tho I have a nice social life) and when I asked her a year ago if I can go to a therapist she told me that I have no problems and that she is the one with the problems. Something I forgot to add is that she doesn't want black people close to her and also she doesn't want lgbt people close to her. I am not black nor am I from the lgbt and I don't really care about the movement but I have had some doubts about me being bi but I am not sure. 

Anyways, enough about my mother, I am not an angel either. Years ago I remember I was in some kind of stupid argument with her and told her that she probably didn't want me. (I guess I wasn't exactly wrong in that one tho) but it is still a bad thing to say to parent. 

Untill 6th grade I would be a great student after that until now I am mediocre-good or decent and ye, it's not like I am stupid I just don't study because I don't really know. I guess I don't like working hard. 

Also I have never really been able to support her emotionally (she hasn't done that either but whatever) I am just not the type of person to support others and also I. Was a fucking child, a parent shouldn't expected emotional support from their child. 

Anyways, I think I have many great friends actually tbh and that's one of the reasons I don't get into unfair fights rn. I am really trying and struggling to work on my grades and myself in general but I don't really know if I am doing it right or not. It's really complicated. 

Idk what the purpose of this post really is, probably to talk about my life a little bit? I guess? I kinda feel like I died now I would be forgotten in a few years tbh and that's probably true. 

If u read this while thing I don't really know what to say except thank you or some shit like that.