I was an anti-masker and now have Covid-19 “If you want to see the rainbow, you have to put up with the rain”

- Wearing a mask and social distancing is a small price to pay for things to go back to normal -

Until a couple of weeks ago, I was an anti-masker. I live in Florida, and work in a restaurant; and it was only until masks became mandatory in my restaurant, after months of not wearing one, that I came around and understood the importance of wearing a mask. My excuses were that it is hot. I am constantly running around and wearing a mask, I thought, would slow me down and make me uncomfortable. The funny thing is, I’d never actually worn a mask before so I had no real knowledge of what wearing it would feel like. Let me tell you all, ITS NOT THAT BAD. Sure you might get a LITTLE warmer than you would if you weren’t wearing it, but that is a reasonable price to pay for preserving the safety and lives of others. I have taken a complete 180 on this issue and feel guilty for my stance before. Let me be clear. A mask does not make you immune to coronavirus. I work in an overcrowded restaurant, and even after wearing a mask every second at work, i still tested positive for coronavirus a few days ago. Social interaction is the worst possible thing we could be doing right now and I am quarantined in my house with a lot of things to think about. How my comfort used to overrule others’ safety. How I used to hate people pushing for masks, how annoying it was, and now how important it is. If anyone reading this would just take a minute to examine what makes their life more important than anyone else’s, I think we would have a lot more lives saved. A mask doesn’t make you immune, but it does help. And refusing to wear one, going out partying, and not social distancing is a selfish and deadly exercise to partake in. I wish you all well and urge you to please wear masks as often as you can, and only go outside for things that are truly necessary. The lives and wellbeing of those around you, and yourself, are more important than your body temperature.