Why are we doing this Why are we faking for each other... why do we be someone else in front of people... for me, I guess it would be that no one would really stick around. I'm so done with everything, and today has been the most free one I've had in a long time, but the lack of distractions has put me in a depressive spiral. I'm so tired... I'm going to go sleep in tears, wake up the next day as if nothing happened. I'll pretend in order to fit in. I'll get myself distracted, and I'll forget this moment. I'll forget it until my mind is free and clear again. And I will reach this point again... wishing I wasn't too tired, too scared, too obligated, too religous or too disconnected to just end it all. If someone I know somehow sees this, they'll tell me that it'll be okay. My life's ahead of me. I'll know they're wrong, and I'll pretend to blame this on a randomly depressed time I was going through... and I'll believe myself. Until I get here again. I don't know why it feels like I'm split: when I'm pretending, I can't imagine me ever being suicidal. When I'm suicidal, I can't imagine pretending. It's like split personality disorder, but I'm the same person... I know the same things, I have the same memories, experiences and emotions... and I'm a different person completely. I have everything that I could want, I realize that I've got it better than most people. Have a full family, haven't really experienced any loss, haven't had trauma, access to good food and water, good education, good community, and apparently a good mind. I just don't see how fun things can be fun. Explosions? Just some extremely heated expanding air. Sex? It's just a process to create more beings to experience more pain. Friends? They won't be there for you forever, if at all... and they only do what makes them feel better... they don't care about you, they just care that they feel good when "helping" you. Food? It doesn't last, not by a long shot. Getting stuff? I won't need it when I'm being eaten from the inside out by worms. Fun stuff are just distractions from life, and life is what I feel now. And I don't like it. I don't see how anyone can be happy... I mean, how could you be? Pleasure, fun, laughter, it's all empty and without sincerity. True joy is something I don't think many people have found, and I'm sure that I'll never find it. Sorry, I tried my best to put my thoughts out... but I'm not good at it. I'm going to try and sleep now, have a great day, whatever that means.