Help me, anyone who can This is gonna be kinda long just letting yall know

My name is Matthew I'm a 14 year old (just turned 14) I am a straight man and I really need some help. I have been depressed for quite some time now and I have just for the first time today had a suicidal thought. For some context on why I'm depressed (cause maybe this could help someone help me) I have just entered a new school knowing no one without any way to make new friends becuase it's all online. I wouldn't have made many anyway I'm kind of an introverted. On top of this it is not only a new school it's a private catholic one, I have never been to a private schools and all I know is that it is way harder. I have never been a religious person and I'm not being raised religiously so now I have to learn all about the religion just to pass my theology (religion) class at all. I decided to take all the hardest classes that were possible for a freshman because I thought I could handle it since I have had A's in school my entire life. I am now suffering with my grades for the first time in my life (i have a C in 2 of my classes) and because of that my parents are pissed off at me even after talking to them about this. I'm also struggling becuase even though I like women and only women I would prefer to wear things like skirts and to be honest panties, none of this sexually. I'm ashamed to admit it but I stole a clothing outfit from a friends sister and absolutely love them more then boys clothes. I cant confide any of this in my parents because they are super against anything that was not normal in their time and and super far leaning right politically. They would completely disown me if I came out and said these things. I cant confide in my friends either even though they are super accepting and super left leaning politically (yes the political parts are important for later) since I am so scared of doing anything about it and even if I did none of them are really female to help me get things like the clothes. I think the last reason I am so depressed is that I'm completely torn and since everything in my life right now is political because I live in America. I am torn politically as well since I have lived with my family that is right leaning all the way and my friends who are left leaning all the way. This is probably the one that affects me the least. The most important one for me is the coming out one. I also want to get help from people like therapist however I am just to scared and cant do it. The suicidal thought was after having a breakdown today in my room after doing homework and getting overwhelmed with it I started to freak out and it kept escalating until I started asking myself things like what the purpose of me living were for and why I should keep going. I kept telling myself that I could just go grap a gun from my garage and shoot myself. I was close to doing it but I got to scared. Please someone help, I need it.