In love with my straight best friend - please help lol probably not the best sub to post this on but i figured i’d try here first. TLDR at the bottom for the lazy.

so, my best friend and i are extremely close. i’ve known her for like ~6 years now, so we’ve been best friends since elementary school. since i was like 8ish i’ve always questioned my sexuality and whether i’m more into girls then guys (spoiler: i was 100% right), but my fears were confirmed when i started to catch feelings for my best friend, when i was around 14. i was terrified because 1. she was most definitely straight 2. my parents and school are super homophobic, like extremely so. i even had my doubts *she* would accept me, and it didn’t help the only other openly lgbt person at our school was bullied constantly. so yeah wouldn’t be a great look for me. 

so i kept it to myself, and silently endured her boyfriends, the assholes at our school, and my parents and family. i developed a sort of self-hatred and repression from constantly being surrounded by people who hate me (love that for me), but i also started being colder to my best friend. i knew i caught feelings, i couldn’t deny that, so i started snapping more and distancing myself. she obviously caught on and asked what was up, and i lied and said problems at home (which to be fair wasn’t wrong). at this point in time we’ve mostly made up and are on good terms. 

but i still can’t stop thinking about her. i’ve fallen in love with her, which is just so blegh. i don’t know what to do, i’m not out to anyone i know in real life. should i tell her im gay? do i go all in and say how i’m in love with her? do i keep it to myself and repress even more? my biggest worry is that she won’t accept me and out me to the whole school, which will result in me getting bullied relentlessly and most likely disowned (it also doesn’t help that my family is very racist, and we’d be an interracial couple should she ever reciprocate). the best option would be to just stay put but i don’t know if i can do it much longer, it’s really starting to take a toll on me and i feel like i need to tell someone that i can actually rely on in real life, and she’s the only one who comes to mind. i don’t know what to do, and i really need advice.

TLDR: in love with my straight best friend. go to a homophobic school with homophobic parents and have been repressing myself for so long i feel like i can’t keep doing it much longer without breaking down. my fears are i won’t be accepted/outed and be bullied and disowned.