112 reasons to commit suicide (for me) https://www.reddit.com/r/teenagers/comments/jvreau/my_version_of_111_reasons_not_to_commit_suicide/gclnqno/ i keep my promises lmao

inspired by that post that got a bunch of awards not too long ago. if you don't like whiny, pathetic shit then don't read, im bored

1. i'm writing this list. what am i doing with my life
2. i'm basically a lost cause
3. i stubbed my toe and it was not poggers
4. i'm a loser to basically everyone i know
5. actually i've been on reddit regularly for 4 years now so it would be expected i'm a loser
6. i'm pathetic at best
7. i'm disgusting at worst
8. i'm such a nihilistic asshole lmao
9. i probably have some form of autism but i don't want to self diagnose
10. i don't play enough games anymore to call myself a gamer
11. nerdy kids at my school say i'm too cool for them, the cool kids say i'm too much of a loser for them
12. if suicide is the easy way out and i'm such a pushover then sign me the fuck up
13. i've never been to a friend's house
14. what comes with that i've never been at a sleepover
15. i never had a female friend, but it makes sense why lmao
16. i'm ugly af
17. maybe not ugly af but average at best
18. i'm so out of shape fuck
19. my body proportions are hella weird
20. i look so weird in pictures its a miracle i have any friends
21. my nose broke when i was in 2nd grade and now my face looks asymetrical
22. when i flip a selfie that shit looks like a potato
23. i'm not fat, but i'm nowhere near a fit weight
24. apparently i should weight more for my height, so the fact that i have a lot of fat just goes to show how little muscle i have
25. my hipbones are wider than some of the girls i know at school and it sucks, kinda thicc tho ngl
26. i chew my nails like a degen
27. i have trouble taking regular showers, how am i supposed to be an adult
28. sitting in my room my whole life fucked up my posture
29. i cant even stand up straight
30. i probably have kyphosis and will have to deal with a hunchback for the rest of my life if i dont kill myself
31. i look horrible in any clothing that isn't oversized
32. i always thought my prettiest feature were my eyes until i realized they were average at best
33. like i said my nose got broken so now it has this ugly bump
34. my chin sticks out really weirdly and i don't even have a jawline smh
35. my walk is weird
36. i have eyebags 24/7 no matter what i do
37. i wish i was more fit, because i like sports but my body feels too uncomfortable when playing them
38. i can't ride a bike at 16 years old dude holy shit
39. i can barely swim, probably has something to do with my hunched back
40. im a virgin
41. i'll probably be a virgin forever if i don't kill myself
42. people think im a stoner because of the way that i act and shit, but im too much of a virgin loser to ever get my hands on any weed even if i wanted to
43. i can count on fingers the number of times i've hung out with friends outside of school
44. i'm that kid that crosses the road when they see a group of people heading towards them
45. i always thought i had a normal dick until one time i measured myself out of boredom i realized i was average at best
46. i have some weird shit in one place on my dick i probably got a std at birth, how much can life fuck me more
47. this is way harder than i thought
48. i have a huge ass forehead
49. i grew out my hair once out of curiosity and i've been rocking bangs ever since, so look even more like a virgin
50. i'm already balding and will probably be bald by 20
51. no one in my family is bald so i just got fucked by life again i guess
52. i'm not that shy or awkward, i can actually get along with people easily, but social anxiety is a bitch because i'm so insecure
53. my voice fucking sucks, apparently from what others tell me it's really deep and doesn't suit me, but it's just so ugly
54. i used to be comfortable with my intelligence and i thought i was smart but now i realize i'm quite dumb
55. i was the nerd that got the best grades in class in primary school that no one liked
56. my family still to this day considers me the smart kid even though i struggle to keep up with my classes
57. i'm in a programming class, so i just set in stone my status as a virgin nerd forever
58. i'm way better at maths than shit like literature which is why i think i might be autistic
59. i find programming really easy and i like it, but i try to stay away from it because i want to be cool and that's just sad now that i think about it
60. i once joined a gamejam and made a complete game on my own from scratch in 1 week, but in reality what happened is i stayed in my room for a week straight and wasted my time programming and making music for something no one will ever know or give a fuck about so i just wasted a week of my life
61. i unironically like roblox
62. i unironically like fnaf
63. everyone told me when i was younger that i was insanely good at drawing, but my skills haven't improved since so now i'm average at best
64. i've always been into artsy creative shit which just shows how much of a beta i am
65. i once designed, fully modeled and rigged a character in blender for a fnaf fangame that i wasted a month on and no one will ever see it because i never finished said fangame so i again wasted a significant portion of my life on nerdy shit
66. i only use snapchat for streaks. i've never "snapped" with anyone
67. i don't have any pictures on my instagram
68. i really, really like music and spend hours doing nothing but listening to it, beta shit again
69. nice
70. i spend days making music that no one will ever hear because music making is such an oversaturated market
71. i unironically like vaporwave and lofi
72. i recently released a lofi-vaporwave crossover EP that i've been working on and off on for the past year and it barely hit 4 listens on soundcloud
73. all my motivation and passion goes into things that are comepletely meaningless and nobody cares about
74. i once had a youtube channel and hit 2.5k subscribers, but it was based on fnaf and it was so cringy i abandoned it, im such a loser fuck
75. the videos i was uploading on there were sfm animations, so i spent a year of my life improving on my animating skills for no reason, because i don't remember how to do anything anymore
76. everybody in my family besides my parents has a slight but noticable sense of disgust towards me because i'm such a nerdy virgin and don't even try to get laid
77. i spend 2 months during quarantine making a doom wad and no one got to see it because they file got corrupted
78. i once made a hide and seek map for csgo and my friends didnt even want to play it for long enough to find half of the secrets i put in
79. basically i could be doing so much better in life, but i chose to focus on useless nerdy shit instead fuck me
80. i'm writing this at 1:30AM, my sleep schedule is fucked and i don't know how to fix it
81. the first time i ever cried on my own was half a year ago when i stood in the bathroom for and hour looking at the mirror and i couldnt believe i was so ugly, like that so pathetic lmao kill me already
82. i don't believe in therapy
83. i'm an attention whore
84. the only reason i've done any of this creative shit is probably because i like seeing the reactions of people when they see the stuff i made, because i'm an attention whore
85. i unironically watch reaction videos
86. i unironically watch reaction videos to music
87. i'm not 100% straight and i don't feel comfortable with that at all
88. my biggest dream is being popular/recognizable and i hate that about myself
89. every single time i walk past girls i just hear laughs and giggles fml
90. i almost fell into the pit of incel forums, but got out lmao why did i even care pass the rope
91. most days i don't even get out of the clothes that i sleep in, because there's no reason to
92. i got a score of 97 on the rice purity test
93. i try too hard to be cool and no one is convinced lmao
94. i like sad music, beta shit again
95. im ashamed of everything about myself to the point that i'm scared to leave the house
96. i just checked i think i almost have a bald spot at 16 lmfaoo kill me
97. i self sabotage myself into loneliness by ignoring all invitations from other people
98. i once had 2 girls interested in me, but i ignored them, because at the time i thought relationships were a waste of time (they still are, but im horny)
99. i sometimes tell my friends that i'm ugly and they don't know how to respond and it gets awkward
100. a hundred babyyy. i spent an hour writing this already yeea buddy
101. i'm a whiny baby, because i have everything that i need to live a healthy normal life yet i choose to dwell in my own sadness and post shitty depressive posts on the internet
102. i sometimes sing along to songs and pretend that i'm the one singing then, not sometimes, quite often actually, i'm probably insane
103. i'm such a wimp i will probably never attempt suicide
104. i'm self aware enough to realize how much of a pathetic loser i am, but i'm not strong enough to do anything to change that
105. i lost nnn on day 2, and i'm not even a porn addict i was just bored
106. i hate my life
107. i've started almost all of these points with "i" which just goes to show how self-centred i am
108. i have so many problems to deal with that it's just daunting to think about and i'd rather just give up
109. life is fun, but only if the cards you've been dealt are good
110. the only thing really keeping me alive is my family, even though they make fun of me
111. it's only downhill from here
112. literally every single person that was alive that reached the age 16 has lived a life that was just as complex and intricate as mine, they all had childhoods and memories and families. i'm not fucking special. who do i think i am?

i'll probably delete this later, because it says too much about me

anyways, how's your day been?