I wanted to post a meme but I saw I couldn't so here's this whatever it is instead OK so right now because of COVID and everything else going on in the USA I wanted to take my mind off of all that and I eventually started reminiscing about how awesome being a little kid is.

Like, remember how great birthday parties were? You would go to this group of like 12 or 13 kids probably all of whom you know, and then you'd play stupid games or watch a movie or whatever it was, and then you get to eat cake!! Plus, you don't even have to pay for the birthday gift!

Or like getting streaks on snapchat (I guess not so much *little* kid but like younger than now). I totally remember when getting a streak of 50 was a big thing, and don't even get younger me started about how fucking cool it was to get a streak of 100. And like now it's like I only snap people I really want to talk to, and the streaks I do keep I only keep because other people started them and I feel pressured not to "leave them on open" (I do have multiple streaks that are above 200 rn but I wouldn't care if I lost them tomorrow)

And OMG just like everything about being an innocent kid makes me both so sad and also makes me laugh to think about. Like if some says the word "butt" people go crazy laughing about it for like 10 minutes. Or even just dumb elementary school gossip. Also playing on the playground at school was THE BEST and I would give anything to be able to go back to that. Recess as a whole was just awesome, I mean you had the ability to do anything your dumbass kid mind could think of, and you could do that every day for like 7 years (I may or may not have roleplayed warrior cats more than once during recess but I have no doubt everyone here has a similar embarrassing thing they did at recess)

And now it's just like everyone around me including myself are so jaded and all that. People talk about like drugs or sex or other things and it's like "yeah what else is new" And I'm not even an adult yet and I already feel like the best of my life has passed me by and now everything is just boring and whatever. And everyone's self conscious but no one admits it so that leads to everyone trying to be "cool" when in reality no one is. It's really sad when I think about it

Idk I just felt like saying that because I suspect a lot of people here can relate to this and even though this is likely to be read by about 10 people it feels sort of cathartic to say this and I'm super gotdamn bored with nothing to do (I need netflix recommendations)