I was peer pressured Waddup waddup, I don’t often talk about how I feel, but bottling up emotions has been happening too often to me so I decided to put this here.

About five days ago my mom brought up the regional contest every year. Basically you have your instrument , play it, and if you’re good enough you make it in the orchestra. My mom mentions how she would really want me to go for scholarship reasons, but I don’t like competing really, I just wanna have fun and play in my school orchestra.

My directors are also super active in getting ppl to try out, and how this year is gonna be the best time to try out since you’ll only have to record yourself instead of physically being there. Well, I still didn’t really want to do it, but I did put more thought into it. I asked my friends if I should as a final decision. Big mistake. I have great friends but most of the time they’re too supportive so of course they said yes, I can do it. So I signed up and that was that.

I thought I had another 1 month to practice the piece, but in reality the audition was in the next week. Everyone else started learning the music 2 months ago and I haven’t even looked at the piece. Either I was going to be a prodigy and do this is a week or just flunk it.

So why did I sign up like an idiot? In my orchestra, everyone is taking this audition, literally everyone. All my friends in orchestra are also doing it. No, this wasn’t an experience where I wanted to join them and be cool, I just didn’t want to get left behind.

I never was in orchestra for a scholarship, because my friends joined it, or because I didn’t want to do band. I stayed in orchestra because I really liked it. Everyone says how a class can become a family, and honestly the orchestra never felt like a family to me, whenever we had competitions I was one of those kids who would sit alone and not talk to others. I hated that, but  I stayed because playing in a group was so fun. I never wanted this “passion” to get competitive, but everyone else was leaving and either I had to catch up with them or I didn’t have an orchestra to play with.

Anywho, with a small pep talk with my dad, I feel better cause I don’t want to make Region. I’m not going to purposefully flunk the audition, I’ll try but I’m gonna hope I don’t make it. I have others hobbies that i would love to focus on as well. 

TL;DR : my mom and friends “pushed” me to try out for an orchestra audition I had a week to prepare for. I didn’t want to do it but I signed up anyway.