Next time you feel like Raging, remember this Hey, I am an 18 year old *Lebanese* gamer. The reason Im writing this is to show you a bit of my gaming experience as a gamer in Lebanon

Disregarding the super slow internet, we get power outages every 4-6 hours, which means you get disconnected from any match you're playing. So when my humble self decides to play a match of apex at 1 PM after studying, I am most probably gonna be in a match when the clock strikes 2 and the power goes out, erasing all memories of the shitty randoms and the 9 kills I got this game.

But it doesnt end there! Imagine yourself currently at the heat of the battle and are so close to down the whole squad single handedly while your random teammates spam the "revive me" button, then the power goes out because its now 6 PM.

OR worst of all, playing Ranked matches! Other than the unstable ping and packet loss like a woman on her period, imagine being so concentrated on the screen of your TV/monitor, calculating every move of the enemy team and doing complex probability calculations... when suddenly the clock strikes 12 AM and its time for your hourly dose of power outage. 

You stand still in pitch black darkness, in eerie silence. As you hear your father snore from the other room (from shisha/arguile naturaly), you slowly comprehend that all youve done is lost, and youre probably gonna get a penalty for abandoning the match.

"But I play story driven, singleplayer games" you might say...well you didnt save for the past 20 minutes and autosave didnt manage as well, enough said. You might also say "ill just log back in and resume my game I guess", until you realise you that the save file is corrupt now because of the suddenly power cut, and you've gotta repeat everything from the past 2 hours. 

And no, the majority of us lebanese gamers cant gEt a uPs bRo, mainly because of inflation (a 30$ item which costed 45,000 LL now costs 255,000 LL)

This is a sneak peak of my spare time after rigorous hours of Anatomy, Genetics and what not.

So next time you feel like raging, remember me and all the lebanese gamers suffering in lebanon. Cheers