How I skipped online school and got away with it. So where I'm from, some students( including me) still have to do online school because there is still a pretty big number of COVID-19 cases in my area. The thing is, at my highschool we are still forced to do EVERY class we did when we were going to school, including P.E( even tho some of us barely have the room to do it).

 I'm really bad at P.E, and today we had to do push ups, and I can't do push ups to save my life, so I decided that I wouldn't go to P.E class today. Now, if I simply didn't join the online meeting I would get in trouble, so I needed to come up with an excuse. I couldn't just come out with a simple one like "I was sick" or "I needed to go to the dentist" because this was not the first time I didn't join a P.E meeting and the professor would figure out I'm BS-ing. So I needed to come up with a plan. 

I wear braces, and I go to the dentist at least once a month for a monthly check, and everytime I go, they give me a little ticket with the date of the next appointment. For exemple, in January they gave me a ticket saying "23 february 14:15"(I live in Europe). And guess what I thought of. If only I could write over that 23 a 17 without  my P.E teacher realising that I wrote over it, go to the dentist, give a photo of me at the dentist and a photo with the little falsified locket to the teacher so that I have "proof" that I really went to the dentist, I could get away with it. 

So that's exactly what I did. I wrote 17 over 23, it wasnt perfect but it didn't needed to be, I changed, washed my teeth( so that I would really feel in character) and went to the dentist. Now I didn't go in the dentist's cabinet, that would have been too much, but I went outside of it and photographed it. I also photographed the ticket, but I left a little bit of it outside the photo, mostly the part where it said "17" because I figured if the teacher saw that I went to the dentist, and saw the ticket, he wouldn't ask why a little part of the ticket was missing. I already went too far, if he wasnt already satisfied with this, then I don't know what I could have gone. 

And then I went back home. Ironically, on my way back home, I ran into another classmate who also missed P.E because she went to the dentist, but she was telling the truth. I showed her my little trick and she couldn't believe that I went that far just to miss P.E. The teacher didn't respond to my message and the 2 photos, but he also didn't respond to the message of my other classmate saying she went to the dentist, so that means that he believes me, or at least that now both of us are in the same boat.

In conclusion, I don't really recommend doing what I did, but I'm very socially anxious and I don't like people watching me doing things that I'm horrible at( like pushups) at all. I feel like everyone is looking at me even though I'm sure most of them are also having a lot of trouble with it, too. But Chaotic Good does what Chaotic Good does, and here I am.

If you want proof I can give a link with the images.