I hate living in the constant fear of getting deported To start off, no, I was not born in the US and I am not a citizen, I am a legal alien. We came like 5 years ago with a visa to get out of our country, which has been on the rapid decline for couple of years.

We are always under the fear of something going wrong and then we have to go back. But all that is also coming on me too. I have to work twice as hard just to get good grades to have a chance to attend college. I have to keep as quiet as I can, so we weren't forced out. I don't get as much assistance and help as I want to, which just leaves me more unprepared for the future.

Oh yeah, the future. In order for me to stay here after high school, I must attend college. Did I mention the fact that the price of college literally triples if you are an immigrant? On top of trying to get the best grades, I have to work even more to get as much AP credits as possible to make college cheaper. And of course, you must pass these courses with a B at minimum to get all credits. I already need to know who am I gonna be in the future, because switching majors in college later is very costly. And I don't know who do I want to be, yet the time is coming up. I can't work and get the money, because I have no social security and will probably not get one very soon.

What actually scares me the most is of course coming back to the homeland. My country has declined so much, that it has completely became unrecognizable to me. Its also very anti-American. I am scared that I will get bullied by every classmate because I used to be in the US. I am scared that teachers will fail me academically, because I lived in the country everyone needs to hate. And just other shitty aspects make me anxious. Like the mandatory army service, and our army is definitely not the best and safest to be in.

That is all. On one hand, the fear is making me work harder and perform well academically. However, it just makes me feel awful and constantly anxious. What if all the work I am doing here right now is completely useless? And it just makes me feel exhausted. I must work on everything I am given, and I must put 100% of effort into everything. So yeah, thats it. Thank you for reading this clutter of words. Ima go work and cry