I wrote an abomination :D  Dr. Blivious Brainwits was a man who liked tall women, likely connected to his long-standing slenderman fetish. He sat alone at his booth, staring across the club at his desired woman. She too, was sitting alone at another booth, drinking a glass filled with some red liquid. Blivious wondered what it was. *Perhaps I should ask her,* he thought. *It could serve as an excuse to introduce myself.* With that, he gulped down the remainder of his beverage, which was a strong mixture of whiskey and soy sauce. It was an acquired taste, but quite a good one for those capable of enjoying it. 

He slid out of the booth and weaved his way clumsily through the crowd of club-goers dancing to the emo-trap bangers that the dj kept playing. The track currently being played was pure fire – a song called “Helena (Remix)” by My Chemical Romance and Metro Boomin, featuring 21 Savage. The doctor soon found it difficult to tame his hips, which had an incredible desire to begin swinging to the beat. He pinched himself on the back of his left hand, reminding himself of the task at hand – the woman. Nothing else mattered. With newfound confidence, he found himself able to resist dancing to the infectious club banger. He walked over to the booth of the young woman and sat across from her.

“May I ask, madam, what you are drinking?” He said smoothly, speaking in a heavy British accent. He flashed an awkward smile, revealing his polished white teeth and unhealthy, blood-red gums. The contrast was frightening. He winked at her. 

“Take a sip,” she said as she pushed her glass towards Blivious. He took it, and had a short sip. It tasted strongly of ketchup. It was a local brew, the Ketchbrau, a ketchup-infused beer. The doctor raised one eyebrow, and proceeded to gulp down the rest of the Ketchbrau in seconds.

“Um...sir?” The woman began. “That was my...” 

“Yes, yes.” Blivious waved his hand dismissively. “I shall buy you another, madam,” he said with a strong Russian accent. “Tis will only take a moment, m’lady.” He stood up, and went towards the bar. As he walked, he bulged his chest, feeling prideful about the progress he had made with the woman. All signs were looking good. 

“One Ketchbrau over here, kind sir!” He cried at the bartender, who nodded in response. “Actually,” he added, “Make it two Ketchbrau.” After receiving the drinks, Blivious returned to the woman’s booth. He slid one drink towards her, and she sipped it slowly as she eyed him suspiciously.

“So,” she said. “I’d appreciate it if you’d introduce yourself.” She squinted at him. 

“Very well, madam.” He said, with a heavy French accent. The woman frowned at the sudden accent change. “You are speaking to the widely acclaimed Dr. Blivious Brainwits. I have a Ph.D.” He smiled. “Charmed yet, madam?” He smiled even wider. His gums appeared to stretch, almost as if they may split in half. It was frightening. The woman frowned even harder, making it appear as if she now had a unibrow. “So, now that you know my credentials, madam, may I know yours?” He pulled a wooden pipe from his pocket, and brought it to his lips. He lit the pipe and began sucking down the fumes of the poison ivy he was smoking. Not a single trace of smoke escaped from his lips. He felt his lungs burning within his chest. Seeing this, the woman frowned further still, her forehead becoming wrinkled and distorted from the effort. Her forehead looked like that of an old woman.

“I’m...uh...call me Lindsey. Lindsey Cocksworth.” She said, still frowning. 

“Cocksworth?” Asked Blivious, surprised. *Cocksworth...sounds like a good sign,* he thought. He smiled to himself. 

“Erm...no...I mean yes,” she blushed. Blivious pulled his pipe from his mouth, and put it to his nose, inhaling the fumes. It tickled the inside of his face. Lindsey frowned even further, her forehead contorting beyond what should have been humanly possible. It was a horrible sight to behold.

“Interesting surname, madam. May I ask of its origins?” He raised one eyebrow, taking on a sensual and suggestive expression.

“Well...” the woman suddenly stopped frowning, and began smiling instead. “Want to find out, doctor?” She winked. Blivious suddenly felt something bulging in his underwear. It was a sensation he hadn’t felt in a long time.

“Oh, *madam*,” he gasped. “That is quite the suggestion. I just may have to take you up on that offer.” He shifted in his booth, leaning in closer to the woman.

“Gladly.”

**…** 

Blivious sped down the street in his Lamborghini/Corvette hybrid, the Lamborvette. It was a custom vehicle of his own design. Lindsey sat in the passenger seat, singing along to every emo-trap banger that came on the radio. She had been singing along to DaBaby’s “BOP (Remix)” featuring Gerard Way and Travis Barker when they pulled into the doctor’s driveway.

Blivious stepped out of his car, and began walking towards the front door, Lindsey close behind. He slid the key in, opening the door, and turned to watch Lindsey as she walked towards him. Despite the darkness of the night, he thought he could see something protruding from between her legs. Blivious blinked and rubbed his eyes, thinking he was imagining things. Lindsey walked into the house with the doctor, who shut the door behind them. 

The woman instantly pushed Blivious onto the couch, asserting her dominance. She let out a low, inhuman growl. Blivious was lying on his back, looking up at the woman as she stripped her clothes off. He smiled at her. Until he saw her cock. It was a massive, juicy, thick hunk of meat, far beyond the length and girth of the average penis. It was almost two feet long, and several inches wide.  Blivious was about to stand up and run away, but Lindey’s growls intimated him and he dared not make a move. As she growled, he suddenly realized that her mouth was not moving. He looked at her penis, and realized the head of the penis had a mouth, reminiscent of that of a dog. 

“Ma….mad….madam?!” Blivious stuttered. “You….you..”

“*Silence!*” She cried, speaking  from both her mouth and her penis at the same time. The voice coming from her mouth was shrill and high, while that of her cock was low and gritty. They spoke in perfect unison.

“I did not sign up for this, madam!” He yelled, using a heavy Nigerian accent.  

“GrrrrrrRAOW!!!!” the penis said. The woman looked down, and began patting her penis as if it were a pet. 

“Shh...” she whispered to her cock. Her cock grumbled in return. Seeing her distracted, the doctor made a run for it. He rolled off the couch and quickly got to his feet, sprinting to the door. He had almost made it. 

“No! No! Madam, you can’t...” 

“I can,” she said as she dragged him by his leg back towards the couch. She let out a sinister cackle. “Nothing will stop me!” Blivious whimpered in despair as Lindsey tore his shirt off. She began gripping and yanking on his pants, struggling to pull them off as he squirmed desperately on the couch. Her cock was now fully erect, it’s length almost five feet as it angled diagonally upwards. Strangely enough, however, her balls were a normal size.

Lindsey had now ripped off Blivious’s pants and underwear, revealing his erect, three-inch dick. She gripped her own penis, and angled it down towards his. The mouth of her penis licked it’s lips, preparing to give Blivious a penis-to-penis blowjob as tears streamed down his cheeks. Her medium-sized boobs began bouncing up and down by themselves as if they had a mind of their own. Her nipples suddenly cracked and opened into two tiny mouths, squealing excitedly. Suddenly, when he thought all hope had been lost, Blivious had an idea. He looked over towards his Amazon Echo device resting atop a table in the corner of the room.

“Alexa!” He yelled. “Play an emo-trap banger!” Lindsey’s penis-lips were only an inch away from his cock when his speakers began blasting music, catching her off-guard and startling her. The song that began playing was “WAP (Remix)” by Cardi B and Jonathan Davis, featuring Machine Gun Kelly. Instantly, Lindsey leapt back and away from Blivious. She began uncontrollably bucking her hips front to back and side to side, falling victim to the club banger.

“Noooo!” She cried in protest, as she began flailing and bouncing uncontrollably around the room in time with the music.

“Ha! You have been bested, madam!” Said the doctor, speaking in a thick Southern accent.

“N..not…..not possible!” Lindsey screamed. 

“Tis quite possible indeed, madam.” He said as he stood up. He put his clothes back on while the woman continued dancing uncontrollably. Her penis was no longer erect, and had gone back to being only three feet long and dangling. He pulled his pipe from his pocket, and began smoking. The woman was now curled up in a ball in the corner of the room, struggling to try and stop herself from dancing. Blivious walked up to her, and shoved his pipe up her penis mouth. It howled in pain, as it was lit on fire and began burning from the inside out. By the time the song ended, Lindsey was little more than a burnt-up, crusty corpse. Blivious put his hands on his hips, and smiled to himself. Another job well done.