I don't feel anything anymore and I just want to die I used to love being around my friends because for a few hours I could just escape myself and I would be able to forget everything going through my head. It was like I was afraid of being alone because I knew I wouldn't be able to stop crying. I used to feel sad all the time and all I wanted was for that to end and I could forget everything when I was with my friends. Now I realised that my friends don't even like me and I don't blame them. 

I can't even feel sad anymore. I'm just always numb and empty. I just want to feel something again even if it is sadness. My uncle and my grandad just died and I'm not sad. Why the fuck aren't I sad? I loved them but it's like I don't care about anything anymore. Not even their death. I should care but I don't and I hate myself sm for that.I have no motivation. I can't get out of bed and all I want to do is sleep even when I'm not tired. Most of the time I just stare at my ceiling and cry myself to sleep. 

My friends don't like me and I don't know how I only just realised. People have only ever put up with me because they were too nice to tell me to fuck off and they wouldn't even notice if I was gone let alone care. I'm just an annoying bitch and I don't deserve them. Looking back I know I've never been anyones favourite anything,  I've never been the person anyone chose first or even wanted to be around. I always tried so hard. Ive always given everything to my friends, whenever I had money I'd spend it on them, I'd try to make them stuff like drawings and cookies because they were the only thing keeping me going and I appreciate them sm. I've only ever just been there and I think I always knew that but i didn't want to believe it so i blocked it out. 

I'm sick of pretending. I don't want to pretend I'm oki but I can't talk about how I feel because ik nobody would care and that will just break me even more. I can't even fake a smile anymore without falling apart. Everyone has their own shit to go through and they would better off without me. I can't pretend anymore but I won't bother my friends and even if I did how am I meant to tell anyone I lock myself in my cupboard for hours just to cry and that I just want to die but I feel like I'm already dead. 

If you read this, I'm sorry, I just needed to let this out and I'll probably delete this ltr if I remember.