The silent kid, takes a step forward. As you can see by the title...... The silent kid (me) takes a step forward to reality.(don't worry, I don't have m4).

You know?, The lockdown took heavy toll on me, as I got skinny day by day and got more shy and uncomfortable with new people around.
The silent kid was or still be afraid to talk to people  in school. I don't know bout other silent kids but for me I was afraid of getting judged, I was already judged in my neighborhood.
I was a heavy gamer, playing game 4,5 hrs a day just to clear the loneliness and stress inside of me.
I thought eSports could be a thing, that I can do in future.
But a big NO for me, as I grinded game, i got confused with the reality and fantasy. I started having severe headache's and lot of things. 
In study's I wasn't a dumb student but more less than that( I was dumber more than Dora the explorer).

Financial condition isn't that great either( Almighty have some mercy!!!). We were barely able to pay my school fees( maybe that is the reason, why i was afraid?).

As lockdown carried on and it's been year now(damn!!!!, I want old days back) few weeks back I left gaming (cheer up Bois, almighty had some sympathy) and thought what should I do????(the question whole universe wants know) and I started studying( for 5,6 hrs), ok as a guy who's dumber than dore the explorer, it is not a easy task. I grinded books as I used to grind my gaming skills, i got much higher adrenaline rush than ever, the challenges ( oh man!!! Your mind is completely confused). And I seriously loved it. And you know what?. I started coding, man it's so confusing yet so amazing!!!.

Maybe I wasn't afraid of people or the challenges, I was afraid of being myself in those times.

I was selfish, possibly rude,maybe cringy as well(tips from the silent kid to those who want be friends with the silent kid, first, do not enter his personal space without asking!!!. Second, maybe they will be rude, cringy, arrogant, selfish etc. Everyone has their trades, I have mine and nobody has the right to judge them.

A quote from the silent kid-

Even sparkle doesn't shine sometimes.

(Sparkle are things that are made to shine and you are human)
 
I know many of you guys lost their talents and skills, some learned new skills and talents, you can grow as much as you want if your heart wants to(ok, many of guys be like, let's do this and that, but you realise you did nothing. That's is your mind being responsible for your laziness not your heart. Do things that you want to even if  your mind is still saying a big NO.)



From The silent kid(without an m4).