If I had a day with my girlfriend.. I wake up. She is lightly snoring but I don’t mind it. I get out of bed and make French toast. As my gf wakes up, I hand her, her glasses. We both eat our breakfast as we look outside into the Florida beach. We talk and laugh as we get ready. We get our shoes on and walk out the door after getting ready. We hold hands as we walk do the sandy beach towards a Carnival. She digs in her pockets for money but I buy her ticket for her. “ You can pay me back with kisses later” I say as we walk through. She flings me a smile while I put my hand around her. We spend the whole day playing games and going on rides. She looses a few games but is still as happy as before. She grabs my arm as she points to what game she wants next. I go easy on her so that she wins. We buy two salads and sit on a bench pointed at the ocean. She talks with her mouthful but I don’t mind. She tells me about how she is going to be a lawyer someday and I smile as I encourage her to follow her dreams. We get up and walk back to the place we are staying. I turn on the Nintendo Switch and we start playing SSBU. I demolish her a few rounds but she gets a few good wins on me. I put down my controller, stressed from the previous days and what would he ahead. I slouch in my beanbag chair and put my hands over my eyes. She walks over and lays on top of me. She whispers “I know it will be hard later, but let’s think about the present. She opens my hand and leans in and kisses me. I can’t help but smile from her kiss. I hug her and lift her into the air. I spin her around as she giggles and begs for me to go faster. Once I put her down, we look outside to see the sun start to set. “I have something to show you” I Day putting my shoes back on. We walk back to the carnival. It has died down since last time we visited it. We both board the fairs wheel holding hands. I slide the operator a five dollar bill to stop the ride once we reach the stop. The operator stops put cart at the top as we far the sunset. She leans her head over onto my shoulder. I rube her hand and kiss her on the cheek. After the ride we walk back to the room. Talking and slowly yawning. I hope into bed laying on my side. She climbs in and lays in my arms. There by making me the big spoon and her the little spoon. She cuddles in my arms as we fall into a deep slumber.