There’s nowhere else I can tell this story: Let’s begin with a few basic notes: I am in college, my dorm doesn’t have its own bathroom, and I still haven’t broken the habit of getting on my phone every time I take a shit. 98% of the time I’m in that bathroom, no one else enters because there are only about 3 other girls on my floor of 12 people. This generally means that the odds of someone else’s 3 min pee time coinciding with yours are fairly low, and you can piss with the confidence that no one can hear you.

Got all that? Well then let’s take us to 10 minutes ago. I just got back from my 8am calc class and knew that I needed to take a shit. A loud, long one. You know the feeling. The *I ate beans last night and they have been brewing in my gut all while I slept and have definitely built up some toxic gas* feeling. I enter the stall and get comfortable for what is about to be at least five minutes of browsing Instagram. All morning, I’d had The Chain by Fleetwood Mac stuck in my head, so I figured that there was no harm in putting on some background music for my shit. After looking up the title, I saw that Evanescence had done a cover of the song, and knew that I had to hear it. 

The moment that the chorus hit, I hear the bathroom door open. Oh fuck. The bathroom reeks and there’s the melancholy wail of Evanescence blasting from my stall. There’s no question as to what the hell i was doing. To make matters worse, I’m not even done with my shit yet. As I hurriedly start wiping (not even bothering to turn off the music because that would be admitting shame), I hear the door open *again*. Are you fucking kidding me. The worst part is that there are only two stalls, and both are in use. I flush, open the door, and make direct eye contact with the poor girl who is going to be forced to use the stall that I infused with toxic fumes. *oh god, oh fuck*. I washed my hands as fast as possible and bolted out the door as Amy Lee continued to sing about chains not being broken. I would rate this experience a 2/10 - horrible ambience and uncomfy environment, but that shit still managed to be cathartic.