Am I done with life at this point? I'm srsly asking that question...  


And no I'm not suicidal (I lowkey always am but I've got it under control)  
I've just put myself in a muddle by putting up each and everything I could find on my plate.   
I have my final tests in about 2 weeks but our teachers still have so much to complete and I have to study them on my own  
I have about 1 more year for deciding my college stuff and starts with my SATs and writing them while struggling to complete school hw and tests.   
I have to struggle with a resurgence of migraines (low stage) and cannot get much help from medicines or painkillers cuz my body's had too many of them  
I'm just sick of sitting in front of my classes and yet not being able to learn much from them even though I should  
I'm sick of life and not having more than 2 legit people I can talk to, but they too are now kinda busy so am left to deal with myself and my lonely self in the morning.   
I'm completely done with talking to multiple people or friend groups or discord servers because all I've tried it just ain't for me, cuz I always end up somehow putting myself in the wrong light and leaving in anger of not doing much with life.   
So I'm stuck all day in a class which I'm not interested in, while I can't do what I want nor have some person I could share all this arseholery with.   
Idk what to do or where to start with, but ig I have a ton of stuff I could do but am not allowed to. I have to complete hw but I've done it. I've done SAT prep and need to do more but can't cuz I have JEE on the line. 

Idk if it's a small hint at extreme immaturity, but I don't wanna grow up. I don't wanna deal with so much and get nothing much in the end. I don't wanna go live a life where I'm stuck with all this bullshit from my past life. I wanna sit and grind away at more ways stuff like non-JEE prep school and Valorant or stupid mobile games. 

Why do I say this? Cuz I'm done with so much of my life tbh. I know I have a long time ahead of me but I don't see the light at the end of the tunnel. I just see a turn to something even darker. Idk what to do with this life of mine cuz I believe I have the potential to do what I want but don't want the toll of doing it and it being meaningless in the end. 

Any help to get my life in better shape and more independent than depending on 2 discord friends to lift the shit up for me?

DMs are appreciated too