Im sure my gf cheated on me and it kinda sucks man. It started a few months ago when she suggested she log into my instagram, I was said sure because I have nothing to hide. She can have every single account login, texts, emails anything. But she has \*\*5\*\* different instagrams, and was hesitating just giving me her main, because this should be 100/100. She said sure, then said she forgot her password, and took forever to give me her login. I didnt really want it at first but then she hesitated and it made me feel super weird. I didnt like it so I asked if I could see her phone and she said no. I thought nothing of it, thats until I noticed she was always following her ex and liking his stuff. they were actually messaging still I later found out. I made her block him and that took a whole week, then she later unblocked him.   


Then nothing bad happened for a few months but last month she jokingly got me and her life 360 and I noticed she was always leaving and lying where she was at. We moved into different states by then so I didnt know where anything was. She kept going to this one area and I would ask to facetime because I wanted to explore with her and she said she was home and didnt want to even though snapchat, and life360 said otherwise. She still denies it now. Its still happening, and I hate it.  


**Now this part is NSFW so skip if you wouldnt want to read that.**  
We were having \*passionate hugging\* and I found blonde hair all over her body, clothes, and even one in her no no square (ew)  see now that would be fine and dandy because you know dogs shed etc but the thing is , she doesnt have an animal. all her family is black haired. I have brown/dirty blonde. So we stopped and I brought it up, I pulled a hair off her AND SHE DENIED ITS EXISTANT WHILE IM STARING AT IT. I dont really know what to do, were 14-15 for gods sake WHY DOES SOMEONE THAT YOUNG EVEN WANT OR CONSIDER HAVING SEX OR A RELATIONSHIP WITH MORE THAN ONE PERSON!?!   


I just wonder where I messed up. Where I wasnt enough. Where I could be better. This hurt me a lot because Ive poured my heart and soul into being perfect to her for the past year+. I wish I could have done better and I feel bad for her that I wasnt enough for her and that I couldnt please her.