Free, no BS, tutoring office hours style on twitch. I'll be around for the next two hours or so if you have any questions that I might be able to help with  

Right off the bat, this is 100% completely free. I don't ask for donations and I don't want donations. I am so committed to this that I have promised to donate any money received to charity, and I'll post the receipt on the discord to prove it.

Now that's out of the way, Hi! I'm Arch, a college graduate waiting to get into medical school. In this next year I want to give back a little bit to the community and thought that tutoring could be a useful service to offer. My sister is a teacher, and she's told me that the pandemic has been really hard on a lot of students. That is why I am offering office-hours-style tutoring on twitch. I figure twitch is a good way for people to show up and ask questions without needing to sign up and lose their anonymity. I am a neuroscience major with a minor in astronomy. That means I have plenty of experience with the core three sciences and can (hopefully) help explain some of the more difficult concepts to you should you need some assistance.

Again, this is not for money or for karma or for clout. Show up for five minutes, ask a question, and leave without a second glance or follow or whatever. This is supposed to be a no pressure environment where students can get some additional help if they need it. Come and check it out if you want or send the link on to a friend if you know they are struggling with something in school. Absolutely no personal information is required. No names, no emails. Jump on twitch and ask a question in the chat, or follow the link to my discord in case you need to post a picture of a problem etc. There are no stupid questions. All I ask is that you be kind and courteous to anyone else in the stream and that you forgive me if I cannot answer your question.

(I am not going to do your homework for you. Just want to help with conceptual issues.)

The twitch is [twitch.tv/archexplains](https://twitch.tv/archexplains)

And you can find more information and clips from previous streams on my website: [archexplains.org](https://archexplains.org/)

I want this to be a resource that anyone can use for a quick question or for in depth help. If you have any ways that I could improve the service please do not hesitate to let me know. Seriously, I just want to help, I know how frustrating these subjects can be when you feel like you need to teach them to yourself.

If you stumble across this later, my streaming schedule is on the twitch page so check in for the next time I will have office hours.