Group Chat problem So I have this discord chat for people that go to my school and there's this one dude (For reference he is trans. Is female, Identifies as a dude). Anyway, he has this kind of twisted sense of justice or something, allow me to explain. So let's talk about BLM and police brutality. We all know that it's bad but said person thinks that it is ok to make jokes about white people and that people can't be racist to white people because apparently "white people are causing all this so it's ok to do". Keep in mind, they aren't white.

Exhibition 2- I don't exactly know what the joke was but they made a joke about cis people being bad. So the guy and two other (cis) people were talking and somehow they ended up talking about cis vs trans. The two (cis) people didn't know what it was so we explained it to them and they started to think that it was bad somehow because of the joke that the guy made. I and some others assured them that being cis was not bad and the guy who made the joke thought that everyone was offended and told us to calm down and that "it was just a joke". I told them that making jokes that target people isn't ok and that they shouldn't do it and they defended themselves by saying "Yeah, well in places Trans people get hunted and killed just for being themselves and the murderers get no justice.". I don't know if I'm interpreting this wrong but he just said that because trans people are getting hunted in other places, that makes it ok to joke that being cis is bad to 2 Cis people wh didn't even understand what it meant.

One thing I noticed is that they are not the ones that they are targeting. Their targeting white people yet their not white, Their targeting Cis people yet their trans. When I tried a couple of times to flip what he's saying to show him what it's like to be the target of his "jokes" he gets mad and thinks that it's wrong even though it's ok when he does it or just says that the two are totally irrelevant

I don't know if I'm overreacting or not but I just wanted to vent, any advice other than just Ban/kick them would be appreciated.