I’m tired of these people and wanna speak out Hey guys, I’m a 19 y.o. dude from a small region called Ossetia. 

So there is a Subculture here called “Djiburs” (this name doesn’t really mean anything).
Djiburs are awful, rude, uneducated and aggressive people. Every djibur usually practices wrestling or boxing, wears cringy sportswear all the time, fights with other Djiburs (or random people lol) for fun in public places, harasses and bullys (how do you spell this word omg) everyone who’s weaker than them. 

Djiburs have 0 tolerance to any minority. They will try to beat any LGBTQ member, foreigner, person with other skin color.

They don’t do anything at school or college so they don’t get educated so they stay Djiburs forever. That’s why you may see a 14 yo djibur and 26 yo djibur. 

They have their own “set of rules” for example they are not allowed to have oral s*x (idk what’s allowed on this sub so I’m gonna censor everything) with girls,  and they really disrespect all the girls (a girl is just a fl*shlight for them). But despite this, some girls become Djiburs as well. Every other girl hates them, because djiburs are ugly and rude pieces of shit who just wanna have s*x and call girls who rejected them “h**s” and “b**ches”. 

They also try to prohibit other girls and guys to wear what they want. They think that a girl must wear below the knee skirt or loose pants, don’t expose their shoulders and wear a ponytail. A guys must wear sweatpants or regular jeans. Because any other kind of clothes “offend our ancestors”, and anyone who wear them belongs to the lowest class of society (yes, they divide the society depending on clothes). 

Yes indeed, our ancestors (Alans) are people of great culture and honor, but I think if the saw a girl with exposed shoulders and a djibur who offends the weak, imposes his opinion and behaves dissolutely, they would prefer this girl to be their descendant. 

Every djibur thinks that he’s a superior human being, that he’s the smartest, strongest and prettiest person ever. And they gonna criticize and even offend every person they see. They may tell someone that he’s too fat, too slim, too big, too small, too tall or too short and don’t think about offending that persons feelings. 

The scariest thing is that about 30% of guys here are djiburs. 

I don’t know why I’m even posting this here, but I hate djiburs so much that I have to tell this to someone.  Some of my classmates in the university are djiburs and they always behave awful and don’t let anyone to listen to a teacher. Everyday I meet like 15-20 djiburs and that’s just sad. 

Also excuse my English, that’s not my first language.