What used to scare you in your childhood, and what scared you in the last 1-5 years as teenagers? I remember when I was 6 years old (I think?), I used to be scared so easily from the old Lotto ads from my country, they had those small weird creatures with numbers on them, and they were scarying the shit out of me, using their stupid scream, that at the time, it was like a huge jumpscare for me.
And those ads were even played in the radio! So imagine how many times I had to suffer this stupid scream, over and over and over, not to mention it took me like 4-5 years just to get used to it.
Well, those ads still exist nowadays, but so far they stopped with the scream, so I will forgive them just for that.

So anyways, about 2-3 years ago (I think?) from today, I was listening to some Pegboard Nerds songs, when suddenly I came across their collab with an artist named "SNAILS", entitled "Deep In The Night", the artwork was pretty scary, but not too much scary tbh, but it was only the beginning, so after listening to the song, I went to SNAILS' SoundCloud page to see if I am interested in more of his songs, and I had absolutely no fucking clue that I would enter one the scariest place of EDM that I currently know whatsoever, so anyways after scrolling down a bit, I came across his collab with a twin named "Botnek", entitled "Waffle House", and it's artwork, has quickly became no other than my 2nd worst nightmare, still to this day, and that nightmare literally gave me a huge trauma for like two weeks.
I don't even want to say what was in the artwork, if you are curious AF, just search the song on YouTube, but don't say I didn't warned you.
So anyways, the trauma faded from my brain, but I am still afraid if I will ever see this artwork ever again, because I know that if this will happen, the trauma will most likely be back to me.

So these are the two traumas that I remember most from both my childhood and my teenagerhood, But I am curious, what were yours? I would like yo know. :)