I think there is something wrong with me I swear to god I'm crazy. I don't even know where to begin. I guess I'll just tell it how it is. I was texting my friends, and one of them mentions this girl. This was maybe 2-3 months ago. I haven't heard of her before, so I'm like hmm alright I'll go request to follow her on instagram to see if shes cute. I don't even know dude. I don't know how it led to this, but just I started completely obsessing over her. 

I'm talking I started fantasizing meeting her, fantasizing falling in love with her, marrying her, living the rest of my fucking life with her. I started lowkey, and I don't want to use this word, but I can't think of a better one, stalking her online. Nothing illegal or anything of course, but nothing that I am proud of. I do seriously regret doing it everytime, but I really just can't fucking stop myself. The worst thing is I don't even know her. Never talked to her, I don't even know what she sounds like, what her personality is, and she probably doesn't even know who I am.

If you told me about this like 5 months ago, I would think its creepy and sad as fuck, and I still know that it's not normal, but I just can't help it. 

I just feel so depressed dude. I don't even know why. Nothing bad has happened to me, I have friends that I hang out with sometimes, school's not hard at all, my grades are good. But I still want to cry myself to sleep almost every night.

I tried telling myself that I'm probably just lonely, that I just wanrromantic intimacy, and that this girl that I fantasize about is not a specific girl, but rather an idealistic vision of a person who does not exist. And that's probably somewhat right, but I still strongly associate her with that specific girl, and not anyone else. I don't know, its kinda hard to explain.

I don't want somebody to talk to me, to suggest me to tell my friends or get a therapist, for someone to tell me its normal, for someone to tell me its not normal. I just don't want to be live like this anymore.

And do not worry, I'm not suicidal or anything, but I just want to be happy and feel normal again.

There's so much I wish I could get out of me, but I don't even know how to put most it into words. I think I'll just start by posting this.