I can't get a job, please help me! I have been applying to around 50 jobs over the last year and a half; ever since I turned 16 and got a license. Most of the time I do not hear back from the employer, and when I do I am rejected (which has only happened about twice at this point). I recently got the courage to go back to trying after the pandemic settled, and applied to around 8 jobs with a slightly improved resume and using volunteer work as "work experience".  Each job I apply for I adjust my resume to, which my resume includes:

\-GPA of 3.9 in High school (Honor Roll every year I have attended)

\- GPA of 3.8 in College, have been on the Dean's list every quarter I have attended (I am in a running start program, and I take college classes to complete my high school credit faster and get some free college as well)

\- Volunteer Work: Coach at Summer Volleyball Camp, worked concession stands and dances at my old middle school, and other small activities

\- Activities: Captain of School and Club volleyball teams, have played for the same team for 5 years (to show commitment)

\- Qualifications: Multi-tasking, efficient worker, adaptable, heavy lifting ability, quick learner, sociable, and many others as it depends on the job I am applying for.

&amp;#x200B;

If I am really interested in a job, I walk in and talk to the manager about my job application, and I always take my resume, which they take but never ask me to be interviewed or anything like that. I know that's supposed to be a major way to get into a job, but it has never worked for me. I always dress well and professional when I go and meet them as well.

Two of those 8 jobs I applied for I got interviews for: McDonald's and Kohl's. 

The first interview was with McDonalds, which I was very well prepared for, dressed nicely, and took it very seriously. The lady who interviewed me was incredibly rude, did not introduce herself, wrote down my answers incorrectly (for instance, when asked about my availability, I said "I am completely available the rest of summer and into the school year, although I may need to adjust to classes but I doubt that will be the case as they are all online", and she wrote "available for summer"), and told me she would call me the Wednesday afterwards (it was a Sunday), which it has been several weeks and I never heard from her. I didn't want to work for someone that was that rude anyways and barely tried to make an impression herself, so I figured I would be better off searching elsewhere.

The Kohl's Job I applied for I received a email for an interview within 12 hours of submitting an application. It was a phone interview the next day, and I got a call from one of the assistant managers. The interview went fantastic. She was incredibly kind, told me that all of my answers to the situational questions were exactly what they were looking for, and we even bonded over volleyball as her kids played volleyball as well. I told her I am ENTIRELY available, every shift of the day, every day of the week and weekend, and even holidays. I told her I may need to adjust to school, and she told me that wouldn't be a problem. She treated me like we were already friends, and told me she thought our interview went excellently. I was absolutely sure I would at least get to the second interview and felt very confident that I made an impression, but to my surprise I received an email 5 hours later saying they were not longer looking at my application. I was honestly heartbroken, because I figured work experience was not going to be a problem because she stated she had 16 year-olds working there that had no experience before starting. 

I do not understand what I am doing wrong. I really need a job more than ever as my mom will be losing her job for the school year (she's a teacher's assistant), and I would really like to be able to pay for a few bills and save up for college.

Please comment with any tips or suggestions you have with getting a job, or maybe correct something I may be doing wrong!