People say words that I wish they would never say and never do things I wish they would do. Stop your cotton candy bullshit. Once you get out of the UwU cutesy aesthetic and you know, *actually show mental problems* and react differently than the Hollywood depiction of the defenseless shy guy who is just so poor**™** , they try to avoid you as much as possible.

People are so fucking fickle, it feels like I can't trust them anymore, no matter how sweet their words are. I feel like the sun is weighing on me every day, waiting to burn me to a crisp. And because of that, I fucking loathe the faux sympathy people put up.

Can't blame them though, there's so much awful shit we see every day it's numbing us.

It's almost as if people still have a very idealized perspective on mental illness and just go off the "don't worry, everything will be ok! Let me coddle you so you stay in your escapist bubble" because they don't realize that isn't healthy.

The way mental health culture is, particularly online, just pisses me off in ways I'm not sure how to articulate. It's like people just want to keep you in this state so that you can keep being the way you are with no improvement.

I wouldn't doubt if the pharmaceutical industry added to the sickeningly infantile "please keep taking your meds, and breath! You're a worthless sack of shit worth nothing to society, but that's ok, you're human &lt;3" attitude that people have when talking about mental health.

The fucking dark aspects of it are glossed over to keep up with the plastic image of society. I'm so fucking done with YOU. No one will know I exist 500 years from now, if the world will even exist by then, but God and my family.

And I'm fine with that.

Let me do my work. That's all that really matters, and you know it.

You still eat Hershey bars made from child slavery. You still buy Nike shoes. The idea that anything else really matters is naïve.

I'm putting my all into my art. It's all I really focus on anymore besides school and helping my family.

No, I'm not gonna let somebody tell me I need to "relax", and encourage me that I'm fine the way I am. And I'm not gonna let your words define me, and break me down into what you want from me.

My family gets worried about the amount of time I spend just working. I take breaks of course, but I'm pretty much addicted to it.

Maybe it's just a reaction to all the procrastination and laziness I see in people that pisses me off, or to know I was like that once.

Maybe it's just me being tired of people not keeping their word.

I'm sorry for ranting like this for so long, but I needed to breath.