I slept with my cousin´s Sister (20) (21) Yes im not an actual teenager but this is the closest active sub reddit where i can ask for advice and im not a native english speaker so my grammar might be awfull. Anyways

As the title says, i slept with  my cousins sister BUT she´s not blood related to me, first of all my two cousins are second degree family to me (they are sons of my mother´s direct cousin, their dad) and their sister is actually half related to them only from their mother´s side, so basically no direct family link to me. After this (hopefully not too confusing) disclaimer we can go to the story. oh and i have a girlfriend btw, and this girl has a boyfriend so it get´s intersting.

Lets try to put some context. Im currently 20 years old and this girl is 21, i´m currently studying in a University but because of Covid im only on online classes (the university is in another town far from here). My girlfriend is also on the same university as myself but we are dating since high school, 3 years in relationship that have been pretty great without any major problems, well except for one.

Let´s put this simple, i am an atractive person and i am aware of that, i used to get laid often on high school and it was amazing, but of course once i began my relationship that ended, i was 18 at the time and after some months together i became frustrated with the idea that i was wasting my youth years by having sex with only one person. This eventually became a major problem in my relationship and we broke up for a couple of months after i decided i wanted to be single and get laid just like before.

This didn´t work out because of other more serious reasons. So after a while i was back in the relationship and since then things have been totally cool, however when the two of us entered into college we decided that we both wanted to experience sex with more people yet still having our relationship. A sort of "open relationship" but with certain rules.

1 NO SEX WITH FRIENDS OR PEOPLE IN OUR SAME CLASS (basically anyone who we could see often).

2 IT´S PROHIBITED TO TALK TO THIS PERSON AFTER SEX (like chatting on instagram or whatsapp).

3 THE OTHER ONE DOSEN´T NEED TO KNOW ABOUT THIS AFFAIR (like if my gierlfriend fucks with somone else she dosen´t need to tell me at all, and so do i)

4 USE PROTECTION.

I was pretty happy with this because i considered myself to be somone who could separate sex from actual love. Anyways now we can go to the fun part.

So some few days ago i was in my cousin´s birthday party (we are going to name him Charly for the sake of this story) there it was also my other cousin (we are going to name her Linda) and other relatives and friends, you see we party very often together and i have a close friendship with Charly, so everthyng was cool. However i had no idea that his half sister was there too, (and we are going to name her Camila) i haven´t see her like in many years, like literally since i was a child, (this because she dosen´t live in my town) so when i greeted her i immediatly found him very sexy.

So the party went on and in the beginning i wasn´t too focused on her althought as time passed and i became more drunk and high at the same time things began to slowly change. I sorta realized that she was looking me from the other side of the room while she was chatting to Linda and very little time passed from that when she and my cousin reached to me and began to talk, althought i initially talked more with Linda, as Camila looked a little shy to talk. This changed however when Linda suddenly left and i was alone with Camila, in this moment i knew that i had to talk to her FAST before the silence made everthying too embarrising, so i didn´t hesitate and ask her about his life, this led to a 30 minute talk in wich we knew a lot about each other however in the middle of that conversation she mentioned his boyfriend. My first and only thought when i heard that was "okay who cares she´s clearly into me", and man she was, she was constantly touching his hair while i looked her directly into her eyes when we talked. The situation became so obvious that some dudes joked about us flirting right next to me so i heard that and so did Camila but whe pretended nothing happened. In a moment we even said the same phrase at the same time and we laughed to what i said "it´s too soon for that romanticism" and we laughed again. She eventually left with Linda for a moment so the conversation ended.

But you know from the title that this isn´t the end of the story.

Eventually she came back but we didn´t talk for the rest of the night, that until the party began to end. I had planned to sleep at the place of the party (wich was a house of another relative) but the owner of the house got too drunk and agressive so i had to find another place to sleep. In this moment i asked my cousin Linda if she could drive to my home, she said yes. However she asked if i wanted to go to his house to sleep (and Camila was going to sleep there) so i said that i was going to think about it.

So we went to the car and began driving, there was Linda, Camila and me. In the road i thought to myself "okay don´t be an idiot and go to sleep in Linda´s house, this is your chance" so i tell Linda that i was going to his place. She told me that she only had one bed and so the three of us had to sleep in there, i said ok.

Linda´s house is weird as she has only one bedroom and next to that is a sort of living room that is also conected to the kitchen, and right next to that is Charly´s house who uses the same kitchen of Linda, however when we arrived it was only Linda, Camila and me. Charly was in his house. All this well at night, like 6 am.

I immideatly began to talk to Camila again while chatting we found out that the two of us talked english very well so we switched our conversation from spanish to english, this was excelent because Linda dosen´t know a thing about english so she left to his room to sleep. (althoughy probably she left because she wanted to leave us alone). In that moment i knew that i had come very far to what i had expected and i needed to go for all or i wouldn´t be worth it. So in the middle of our conversation i asked Camila. (keep in mind all of this was in english)

\- Hey can i ask you a question?

\- Sure?

\- Do you find me atractive?

(she laughed nervously)

\- yeah

\- oh cool because i found you atractive too, but i heard you have a boyfriend.

\- yeaaah (she said like thinking about it)

\- I have a girlfiend too but we have a sort of deal...

(here i explained to her all the rules i listed before)

I asked her what she thought about "Doing it" but she was unsure to do anyithing because she had no deal with his boyfriend, so if she did something it was gonna be an all out cheating thing.

i said " the guy is thousands of Kilometers away from here so he won´t know"

So after a bit more of conversation everthying happened, but it´s not suited for this sub to talk about details hahahaha.

in the middle of the action, Charly came to the kitchen, fortunately we had dressed just before so he found us pretending to casually talk, however his reaction at least to me made clear that he knew what was actually going on. He said:

"oh my god" (this is the closest thing to the actual phrase who was spanish lol)

And he laughed and left, after that i realized that Camila feeled regret for what we did, i tried to convice her that nothing bad had happened and that we were having an amazing time, we continue talking for a while about relationships and stuff until she decided that she wanted to continue what we had left on pause. So everthyng else continued. Until it ended.

We dressed rapidly and went to the bed to sleep, of course there it was Linda but she was sleep (or at least pretended to be) we talked very little after this and slept in opossite directions. I woke up by 2 p.m and she was still there sleeping althought now Linda wasn´t. I decided it was time to go althought i would´ve liked to had talk with Camila on last time before leaving but she was profundly sleeping or trying to avoid me and pretending to sleep, because i made a lot of noise on purpose to test that. I eventually gave up and left.

And that´s almost it, however just some minutes later when i was in my house a text came from Linda asking me if i was still in her house, i told her i wasn´t but her sister was, to what Linda replied with

\- "and how did you found my sister? hahaha"

to what i replied to a brief

\- "She´s nice very friendly hahaha"

then conversation ended but of course that text was weird. Keep in mind all of this happened 5 days ago, since then i haven´t had any contact with Camila, i looked her instagram but didn´t follow her, to my surprise she is very popular on social media, having like almost 2k followers, while i only have 200 lol. She also posted a pic very recently in wich she added a big text (not from her but from another important person) that talked about feeling angry and sad and trying to rebuild yourself rather than chasin the person that made you feel that way. At first i taked this as a warning sign as she might be probably talking about me. However my detective skills ar very pro so i looked on who had liked that picture and to my surprise his boyfriend hadn´t, ( i compared that fact to other pictures of her and he had liked ALL of them except this one)

So what now? Here´s a question to you guys and girls  i would really like to meet this girl again but im not sure if thats a good sign, of course i would slept with her  her again but i  don´t know how to reach her without raising big alarms (i really don´t want her to believe that i want a more serious thing)  i really want to see her again before she leaves, so i have 2 approaches to this.

1 Talk to her on Instagram or asking Linda for his number and text her. However im not sure what i would actually say to her, and she probably would feel uncomfortable as f\*\*k if i do this.

2 Wait for her to show up at a another family party. But this might not happen as she might try to avoid me and not go there. If she doesn´t show up i´ve thought on talking to Linda that night and asking about her.