For god's sake please read this  I'm in my senior year of high school and I was talking to my older sister on the phone to help me with filling out college applications. Thanks to my massive luck, my mom is a person who LOVES to scream things into the conversation even if she's all the way at the end of the room. Sometimes they're really useful things, but 90% of the time they make it harder for me to understand the conversation. I laugh and tell my sister "It's kinda funny how whenever I'm in a phone call with someone Mom always starts screaming into the phone" and this woman starts screaming, cursing, spewing insults and losing her mind. She starts calling me disrespectful, rude, lazy, a loser, and told me to "Go sit with your loser dad and warm your balls together" (My dad hasn't been able to come with her cuz the pandemic happened, and he's genuinely a man who would do anything for his family so she was being a pure bitch). I stayed smiling and silent, and even said compliments to her for 27 hours. All that time she was either cussing at me like a deranged crackhead or sleeping. Then she says some disgusting stuff so I'm like "keep your thoughts to yourself pls :)" and she's like "go eat shit". Then I just lose it. 27 hours of stress, pressure and controlled emotion just fly out and the moment I start screaming to understand what the actual FUCK is happening my little brother puts me in a chokehold and starts threatening me like the pussy he is (I'm almost 6', 198 pounds, and It took all I have in me to not hit him). So here I am, crying, screaming, pulling my hair out with a woman who doesn't give a flying fuck about her son, and a brother who's willing to suffocate his brother cuz he wants to stay on his mom's good side. I left the house and went to the gym where I just started crying and call my sister again for help. She comforts me and I calm down a bit then come back. Come night, come evening. I'm eating some pomegranate and as I put the plate in the kitchen she walks in, grabs the plate and hurls it into my room. So now, I'm picking up pomegranate husk with a freshly stained carpet, freshly stained clothes, and the humiliation of a man who had every sense of sanity stolen from him. I seriously need advice. She's calling me out of my room now to trigger me some more and I can't keep holding my tongue. I'm literally thinking of leaving, ending it all, or knocking her out. I'm losing my mind. Please give me advice. For god's sake