the story of my bisexuality my original plan was to post this on r/offmychest but this’ll probably be more relatable to you guys(i’m F16 by the way), and maybe it might help some of you. plus, this is literally one of my favourite stories to tell and i’m feeling extra gay today so here we go.

for context, i actually dated a girl a little bit before this particular night. obviously it didn’t work out but we are still best friends to this day. my overall thoughts on it at the time was i was “95% straight” and girls were a one time thing and a fluke.

of course that shit got flipped on it’s head when a pretty girl decided to spend some time with me. 

so on this night, me and her got invited to a friends birthday party. my ex girlfriend was there too, but there were no problems with that, she just spent time with everyone else. i wasn’t really that close to anyone besides her so that kinda left me in a funk. fun party so far, just didn’t think i was really enjoying it like i should be. 

this would be where she comes in and we start talking. i can’t exactly remember why we start, but i’m just glad we did. turns out she was from my old middle school(i had to switch schools during those years) and we mostly talked about our memories from there. i distinctly remember there was some really good popcorn lying around and the idea was to share the popcorn among everyone at the party. thing was me and her both really enjoyed the popcorn and were the only ones eating it, and then this girl straight up steals the bowl from everyone just so me and her could share it. asshole move? maybe, but literally no one cared and in hindsight, it was pretty funny.

we continued our conversation with the popcorn bowl between us, and it honestly felt like we were the only two people that mattered. the more she talked, the more i kept thinking “damn i’m really attracted to her, what the hell is going on?”. 

that was the first highlight of the night. the second would be about “mr balloon”. basically, there was a helium balloon just up in the air, and one of us jokingly said “this is mr balloon, he is my boyfriend.” the other one went “no mr balloon is MINE.” (i do not know who started this conversation first). i shit you not, this “fight” went on for a good hour. it was just us stealing the balloon from each other and laughing our asses off. everyone in that damn party judged us for being weirdos, but we didn’t fucking care, we had way too much fun for that.

the third(and my favourite) highlight is the truth and dare game. so it was her turn to get asked a question. she chose truth and the birthday girl asked her “if you had to choose one person in this room to date, who would it be?”. i expected her to say a friend she’s known for while. but instead she say “this one” and lightly slaps my back. she chose the girl she knew for a day over people who were probably knew her better. i got asked the same question and said her and it did get a bit awkward, but it definitely was comforting. 

the final highlight is towards the end of the party when most people have already gone home. we were sitting on some carpet together and she decided to pull out her music playlist. turns out me and her have similar music taste and whatever song she played, i knew by heart. we both sang the songs that played and did not give two shits who heard us. wanna know something funny? one of the songs we sang was “sweater weather” by the neighbourhood....yeah i really should’ve seen the bisexual thing coming. 

eventually we both left the party, and i remember leaving that party thinking “holy shit i think i may actually be attracted to more girls too, it’s not just *ex girlfriends name*”. it took a while, but eventually i came to terms with being bi, and i think i mostly owe it to her, even if we don’t talk much anymore.

we did date a few years later but that didn’t work out either. hell i’d barely consider it a relationship for irrelevant reasons. it is a shame but i’m happy with the results.

to any other lgbtq+ teens, just know that whatever you think you are now is prone to change, and there is absolutely nothing wrong with that. switch labels in and out if that helps you. maybe do more research on the lgbtq+ and decide if there are any terms you identify with. whatever you consider yourself as now doesnt always have to stay like that, so don’t be mad at yourself cause you can’t “pick a side”. it’s your journey, and nobody can control that, so continue it in a way that’s best for you.

as for the girl in question, i can’t imagine why you’d be on reddit but if you are and somehow find this post, just know i have a lot of respect for you, and that you’ve done more for me than you’ll ever realize. honestly, thank you for helping me so much.