I don’t know where I stand with this girl I’m creating this to gain a third party view on the situation. I will be recalling the most notable events. 

I attend high school, and we will call her Z.
I’ve known her for about 5-6 years, sat next to her in a few lessons (seating plan) throughout some of those years. We wouldn’t really talk much outside of school. I’m a pretty quiet guy. 

Then around a year ago, there was a period of time where she would always say hi, or hello to me. The moment I saw her, i knew she was going to greet me, I usually replied hello/hi, and we never really stopped to talk as we were both with our friends. (So yeah, she was with her friends, I was with mine, and when walking past eachother, she’d say hi to me) I never initiated the greet, she would always say it first. (Lmao am I a pussy or a dumbfuck for not doing it first atleast once) Eventually this stopped.

She was in my physics, biology and chemistry class. She sat opposite me in biology, and we would talk occasionally, it wasn’t often though. I must also mention that she had one of her closest friends in that class, and I sat next to her close friend, J, in physics. Z and J would often mess around, like try take eachothers rulers/pencil cases etc. Z would often reach across me to take J’s stuff. One time Z was walking past, quickly, and bumped into the side of me, and then apologised like she’d just stabbed me. So she apologised, and then walked away, later came back, and apologised again. Questionable to how sorry she was? Lmao, normally somebody may just say sorry once and that’d be the end. 

Now corona came along in March, and schools shut. I hadn’t talked to her until June/July when her birthday came, and it was just a simple happy birthday, replied with a Thankyou and a few hearts. (Standard) 

Then came the end of august. We had our exam results, and many people were changing schools. So I randomly messaged her asking if she’s still going to the same school and what subjects she’d be taking. She replied saying that’s she’s going to the same school, and listed the subjects; she then asked “wbu, wait lemme guess what your taking” looking at this from a phycological point, most people would have stopped at the “wbu” but she stopped herself, and tried to guess. (She was very wrong lmao) [point I’m making is, chances of somebody stopping themselves and guessing instead aren’t big] the conversation continued hours throughout the day. 

Then came my birthday, school has started, and she wishes me a happy birthday, and reply thanking her with a few hearts (standard), and then it would end there right? Well, she replied yw/your welcome followed by some hearts. [now I understand that some people reply yw, but most people I know don’t, and especially don’t send hearts with it] 

Now schools started, School is massive, and you can come and go anytime you want, so it’s pretty hard to find her/anyone, and when I do see her, she’s always with her friends, and I’m with mine. And I’m not about to walk up to her and start talking to her whilst she’s with her group of friends and I’m with mine. I try though, just a bit hard to execute irl. 

Now I understand that I might be looking into it too much, but I’m a quiet guy, I don’t usually go out of my way to talk to people I don’t really like. But Ay, when I’m talking it’s great lmao. 
A few years ago, I also had thought she may have had a crush on me. But ultimately, I’m at school to get A’s. The way I see it is, relationships are a hinderance to education, and ain’t nobody gonna stop me getting A’s
I don’t see her as a potential crush/gf, I just wanna be closer friends I guess.

Thanks for taking the time to read this, any help/advice is appreciated