Is it bad that I feel like crap for buying a ps4 Back story: so my dad and mom are divorced and my dad lives in another city but will be moving back to the city me and my brothers live at with our mother. I was staying at my dads house for a week like I do sometimes, to spend time with him because otherwise I would only see him twice a month.

So the other day I was playing God of War on the ps4 and a friends house and I thought it was really cool and a really good game. I wanted to keep playing but we had to go. On the way back home, in the car I was talking to my dad about how I really liked the game and wish I could play more. I kinda hinted at the idea of getting the ps4 but I’m pretty sure I didn’t straight up say “we should get a ps4”. Also getting a ps4 isn’t something totally impulsive I just thought of, I’ve actually been thinking of it for a while but never seriously. At the end we ended up saying if we find one cheap we could get it for his new apartment. I felt happy because I would get to play new games on the ps4 and just happy to get a new gaming system. A couple days later after we bought it and spent like 500 on not just the ps4 but also on a couple games and 2 extra controllers so I can play with my brothers. But like two minutes after the purchase I started feeling kinda crappy. I thought of what my brothers would say because we already have an Xbox one (but it is like six years old and doesn’t work perfectly anymore but still) also they’re the kind of brothers who will spend 100 dollars on a pair of shoes but yell at me for wasting money for buying snacks at seven eleven. Now, a couple years ago when my family wasn’t doing so good with money buying a ps4 was totally out of the question but now my dad is doing really well financially and now I keep telling my self that it was his money and his decision and that he could’ve said no if he wanted to but I keep feeling like I just made a huge mistake and a total waste of money. Also I want to add that I didn’t just blindly buy one, I did a lot of research and wrote down the best deals and where the cheapest price are and watched tons of reviews and comparisons but I still feel like crap. So r/teenagers, do you think it was dumb of me to spend the money while we already have an Xbox or should I stop worrying and just enjoy this gift that our dad gave us?