What Has Biden Done For America? Wrote a whole ass essay in someone's comments, thought I'd just make my own post for anyone wondering.

(as a preface, we support him because though he is a centrist, he will have many more progressive people backing him while he is in office. he's a sort of "gateway" to a more progressive government.)

1. Joe Biden was the 6th youngest elected senator when he first joined the Senate in 1973, and was a senator until 2009, when he became vice president.

2. Biden helped write several crime laws, including the Federal Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994, the Federal Assault Weapons Ban of 1994, and the Violence Against Women Act of 1994 (to prevent domestic violence). He also help to create the National Domestic Violence Hotline, which is still in service today since it's creation in 2005, and has helped hundreds of thousands of individuals with stopping their domestic abuse.

3. Biden served as chairman of the International Narcotics Control Caucus in 2003, where he introduced the Reducing Americans' Vulnerability to Ecstacy law, which helped stop the spread of several substances, including ecstacy, date rape drugs, and harmful athletic steroids

4. Biden wrote the "Kids 2000" legislature of 2000 which helped give internet access to low-income families through building community centers with available computers in low-income neighborhoods

5. During his vice presidency, Biden served on several committees focusing on building new infrastructure, stopping gun violence in the wake of the Sandy Hook shooting, reducing the national debt, creating the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, and legalizing gay marriage. Biden also further developed his 1994 Violence Against Women Act, creating the White House Council on Women and Girls and the White House Task Force to Protect Students From Sexual Assault. 

TL:DR Biden has made a lot of impactful legislature during his time in the Senate and as vp, and has worked hard to build up America's infrastructure and create solid progressive laws