PSA: not having a father role in your life really fricks you up i know this is long but it's important. being deprived of fatherly love makes you really really vulnerable so i wanted to put this out there so people can hopefully learn from my mistakes.  

my dad has never been any kind of a father role to me. i had to witness him hitting my mom, getting drunk, tearing at least 4 cell phones apart with his bare hands, my mom having to call the cops on him because she was so scared, holes in the wall, throwing chairs, cheating on my mom, leaving for days at a time without us even knowing if he was coming back at all, screaming, so so much screaming. so often i would end up having anxiety attacks pressed up against my bedroom door while he was having  one of his fits of rage. i could list hundreds more things. i have never gotten affection from him. i am still scared of him to this day. 

not having a father role in your life messes you up a lot. when i was 14 i met this guy on a cruise to alaska who was about 18. we start talking and we grow to like each other, things progress and i was 14 so i just wanted to be cuddled and hugged bc i didn't have a male figure in my life and i was just broken up with by someone i love. so he decides he's going to take things a step further. he flat out kissed me without permission. i didn't like it but i let it happen bc i thought i was a sign that i was finally being loved by a guy, by the end of the trip he kept doing more and more and kissing my check turned into french kissing, turned into him literally humping me in a private part of the ship. it was scary but i let it happen bc i thought he loved me. he said he loved me. so the trip ends and he promises to be together forever and that he's going to be my husband. keep in mind i'm 14 he's 18. so after the trip he keeps calling me his gf. then he starts sending me dick pics. everyday. i didn't like it but i let it happen bc he said that he loved me and i was scared that he wouldn't if i said no. eventually he convinces me to send him pics of my own. keep in mind i'm 14. he even knew that i didn't have a father figure in my life and he insisted i call him ''daddy'' but i trusted who i thought was going to be my husband. time progresses and he starts only sending my pics and asking for them. no more i love yous. no more good mornings. only asking for my nudes. and i still gave it to him. then as like a month passes just like this of talking like every other day and him only asking for my pics, i was scared that he didn't love me anymore. then he said he needed some space and that sent me into a very sad time. then he comes back after a couple days and says that he had a other gf this whole time and he loves her more than me so he has to stop talking to me. i was heartbroken that i couldn't be loved by one guy without him using me for my body. 

i was so so desperate to have any kind of male affection and attention that i send him child porn of me. it haunts me to this day knowing that i can never take back those photos and he probably shared them to tons of people. not having a real dad makes you so so vulnerable. recently i found out that my older sister did basically the same thing but she wasted 4 years of her life with someone who didn't love her. but he said he did, and he gave her the affection that people deprived of love from their dad crave so much.

i still catch myself looking for fatherly love from my romantic relationships to this day. i can't help it. there is a hole in my heart that wants a loving father so so bad and i will never have that. i let myself be groomed for my body in search for anything close to that kind of love. 

TL;DR if you have been deprived of fatherly love please please be careful. not every man who says they love you actually does. if you are going to be a father in the future. please please love your kids. show them affection and that you care, give them hugs. if you don't show them affection then you are damaging them in a way they will never fully get back.