I FINALLY HAVE FRIENDS TL;DR Spent many years with no friends, now i finally have friends 

Since grade six, when i changed schools, i wasn’t able to make friends, but at the start of the year i made one friend, but she stole my stuff and snitched on me all the time, so I stopped talking to her, and everyone liked her so everyone stopped taking to me.

Seventh grade, i marched i to school all confident and excited to make friends and start new, then had everyone make fun of me for my personality. I still don’t know what i did wrong to have everyone make me feel like absolute shit. Same thing in year 8 as well, i lost every bit of confidence after that and became really anxious around people.

Year 9 i changed to the school my primary school friends went to, but for some reason they didn’t talk to me either, i guess after all those years of not seeing each other that often meant they didn’t need me. Then this kid in my class bullied me constantly as well.

Now I’m at a new art school for year 10-12s, but the start was so hard i don’t have the words, but basically the first week i felt so anxious to get out of bed and enter school, not knowing if I would be an outcast or get bullied again, every little crowd i was around made me feel overwhelmed and i had to quickly walk away, and this caused me to end up not making friends, and i was too late anyway because everyone else found their new friends. So i just forced myself to accept it and just sit alone every day like I always did.

Second week i stopped feeling anxious because i settled in, no one bullied me and just left me alone, so it was alright. 

Third week everything changed, i was eating my lunch alone as usual, until some kids from my class came up to me and asked me to join them. I sat with them and it was the best thing that ever happened to me. I’m now included. I have a place somewhere, and they’re really fun to be around, I nearly forgot what it was like having friends, but now I finally feel like theres nothing missing in my life, i have people to talk to, people to joke around, this is really all I’ve ever wanted for so long, and i finally have it. 

Sorry this ended up being so long, just needed to get it out