Anyone want to read a short story I just wrote?  Neither of us could say if it burst from inside him or if his skin became bark. But we both saw him, and heard him scream, once a man, now a tree. I won’t believe what they’re saying online. I won’t even believe what I see. When I looked across the street and you were standing in your window looking as shocked as I felt, only then, it was real, and now squirrels run along his branches to peep into our windows, the perverts.

I can’t shake that miserable metamorphosis. But at least I can thank him, and this whole rotten pandemic, really, for bringing us together again.

When our bedroom lights were the only ones left, I would throw two corners of my blanket through my window and into yours. You caught them, fastened them, and I fastened the remaining corners, so that when I crawled across, the blanket curled into a tunnel over the dark street. I hung like a huge cocoon, or a great sleeping bat. The blanket sagged, but did not break, and it was the safest way to get through the outside — that’s what the blogs were saying. And I knew your room was safe.

Unsupervised by us, nature quivers and writhes. Chain link fences uproot and skitter across the pavement to curl comfortably around sandboxes. Benches roll along green grass and pile into towers, challenging God. In Venice, dolphins have returned to the canals. It is said that you can see the Eiffel from London.

Most nights, we were petrified by the wilderness, but not all. 

*“I don’t care about the trees. I want to stay with you, I want to be with you, and I want a world bigger than this bedroom”*. Last I checked, about a tenth of the world watched us plot our rebellion, then the tasteful pan as we move beneath the bedsheets, then your father, red-faced, and your mother, teary-eyed, at the injustice. Your parents never cared much about your privacy. I always felt like a lab rat in a maze under their steady eyes, smiling faces, firm hands. They cared about your happiness though, they cared deeply, and so they told their millions of viewers.

Your parents are important people! You had told me before, but I didn’t believe it until all that was left to talk about in the whole wide world were those two indignant faces and the tragic state of their child’s forbidden love. Mine called me downstairs the next morning. They wanted to apologize. “We had no idea you were so sexually deprived, you poor thing. At your age, your father and I were going at it practically all the time.” Thanks.

Everyone got a State-stamped letter later that day. “STAY THE FUCK INSIDE — the Ministry of Health.”

The parents had planned for that. We would stay inside, we would stay just as fleshy as we liked, but each home did not need to be an island. From dawn until dusk, they sawed and hammered away, until a gentle wooden bridge spanned our houses. I was still mad at you, but then we were standing across from one another on that bridge and it all dissipated, as if some intangible artery unclogged. Soon, the whole block was connected. The same kids that used to play in the park coursed through every hallway. It was nice, neighbourhood-y, reminded me of those Thanksgiving parties where we’d sneak down to the basement and make out on the beanbags while the kids played sardines. We didn’t miss the outside so much anymore. Sometimes you missed our time alone, truly alone, in the space that was your bedroom. Now it was a classroom, a playground, an office, a stage, as the people moved it. But we were resilient, adaptable, accommodating, all those good words. We learned to make space our own. You can be lonely anywhere in the world; we learned to be alone. When the block was too small, we enveloped pharmacies and grocery stores, bars and movie theatres. Our Confederacy of Houses lacked for nothing.

The feds bitched about our growing network, but not too loudly. They could see the alternative across the border, whole cities swallowed by human forests, some unlucky immunized soul skewered on the branches of her fellow citizens.

No one anticipated just how fast we would grow. Maybe we should have. We’re no strangers to unforeseen and wondrous developments, you and I. But imagine telling someone a year ago that they would be able to walk from Victoria to Gaspé without setting foot outside. Imagine the blank stare. We had big plans, don’t you remember? We didn’t make it very far, but it’s the thought that counts. And the days we spent out there were oh so worth it. We met rival families and families that stretched across entire provinces, small kingdoms of likeminded people, architectural marvels and grafted monstrosities. There was that bonsai shrine, the only tree left to us, and , and that house of books on the great Canadian outdoors; Farley Moatt, and M. Wylie Blanchet, and Lucy Maud Montgomery, and Jacques Poulin, and all the others. Them and their scratched Stan Rogers vinyls…they surrounded themselves with diaries of the deceased. They were ahead of the curve, really. The rest of us followed them, in days or in months, in moments of profound craving. I miss the outdoors. I miss sharing frozen cans of lemonade on the back deck in summer. Clasp your hot hands around the frozen middle, and feel the ice trickle into perspiration. The can yields a little as the inside, too, melts in your warmth. Slip your finger through the plastic loop securing the top and pull it loose with a smack. I miss licking the lid clean before moving on to the half-frozen heart. I miss kissing in the cold, with dry lips and bodies so bundled that we can’t tell who’s groping who. I miss my glasses fogging up as I come into the house, and blindly fumbling off my soaked boots. For the first time since we built that bridge, I sensed a nervousness in the air, because no one, no one, could escape the want. Elaborate virtual realities were built, tropical forests of sights and sounds and smells. We got bored of those fast. Some people spent their time staring out the window hard enough to melt it. Suicides went up — metamorphocides, we called them. Those who remained, and we still cannot explain this, but we began to look the same. We dressed the same, we made the same faces, took on the same mannerisms. It took days of travel to find a fresh face. Funny enough, exactly what the parents complained about, when we first started hooking up. Outside, the forest grew. We stared at it sometimes, looking for the faces of people we had known. Yes, that’s Kevin, look at those knotty eyebrows. But there’s no way Julia could be an oak. Sometimes a branch would fall, and we would wince, but they did not seem to mind. What type of tree would you be? We passed the time, until one day we looked up from the crowded view and there was no one in the house. A call out to the network, to scattered responses from…weirdoes, real weirdoes. For the last time, I looked across at you, and we were in total agreement. We put the house in order, we wrote a note on the wheres and whats and hows of the place and hung it on the fridge. Then we walked up to the door. It opened smoothly, the breeze teased us out onto the porch, we stood for a moment, barefoot, and beheld the mass of roots and branches that spanned our block, our city, our globe, and the host of creatures that lived within, not just squirrels anymore, deer and foxes too, over there the rusty red scavenger digs into the still fresh body of a doe it found, and spills the guts out with its reddened muzzle, we felt the world tree call to us, and stepped a little farther out; were those the voices of our friends and neighbours?; we breathed deep, our bodies a channel for the air we held and then in three long strides we walked and wrapped our arms around each other in a tight embrace