I hate my senior year and my friends just make it worse My school decided that because of the high stress pandemic environment we live in today, that the best most stress relieving thing to do would be to take away electives 🙄 And for someone that wants to study film in college, it doesn’t help that you took away theater, which is the closest I could get to an actual film class. So now there’s not a single class that I actually enjoy and want to take anymore. And to add to that, all of the fun teachers that would have made the boring classes interesting are gone, and we are left with teachers that go by the books. Like this is my senior year, I’m done with all that elementary school shit. One of the few classes I thought would be fun is Food History. Basically, it’s a branch of anthropology focusing mainly on how food has affected societies. I thought it would be interesting, because this isn’t something we usually talk about. And the books that they gave us are legitimately interesting to read. But the teacher that we have this year makes it so much worse. Every class, she has a “discussion” and she emphasizes the fact that she just LOVES to hear everybody’s point of view, and that “every opinion is valid”. But she completely disregards all of that whenever she speaks, because she teaches it like a place to spout her extreme liberal propaganda. Like, it doesn’t matter what you say in class, if you make any point from the right or center, or if you mention human rights, she guilt trips you with loaded questions or makes suggestions about how we should live in a communist society. So nobody speaks up except the people that agree with her. Like, if you want to hear both sides, don’t favor one side over the other. And I know that some readers are politically liberal but this isn’t a personal attack on you or your opinions. It’s just this teacher’s bullshit, hypocritical lies. But the thing that really pisses me off about it is that my friends don’t give a shit. I told them why I don’t like this teacher and then they all said “we agree with you we just don’t think it’s that important.” But this is just as hypocritical and bullshit as what the teacher says. If you agree with me, then that means you think that these one sided discussions are a bad thing. But now you’re telling me that you don’t care?

Don’t tell me that you’re preparing me for my future if you’re just gonna waste my time. Don’t tell me that you want to listen to me if you don’t want to listen to me. Don’t tell me that you agree with me if you don’t actually agree with me. I feel like I’m alone in this fucking school. The curriculum, teachers, and even my friends are all against me. This shit sucks.