AITA for manipulating my boyfriend? I promise the title sounds worse than it is.

So it pretty much started a few months ago, when we first started dating. I’ll call him C(fake name). We would go on this hiking trail and hang out, walking around and talking. We were in that awkward stage of wanting to kiss each other, but not initiating. At least, that’s wha I thought. There was a lot of me staring at his lips and waiting for a moment — not like it came.

After a while, I got really tired of this. Every single time, C wouldn’t kiss me. He was too naive and ignorant, he seemed to be doing this just to annoy me. I started to even think his mouth was getting freakishly small?

Everything he did annoyed me. The way he ate chocolate, the way he broke apart his food. I just had to put him on the right track. That’s what a good person does, right? After all, this is his first real relationship. C has had girlfriends before, but they don’t matter anymore. I’m all that matters to him now.

It started out with small things, like I would make him sit on my left, scroll to a list of Truth or Dares that said “kiss the person on your left,” and I kissed him before he could stop me. He awkwardly turned away after, and kind of giggled? 

Here’s where I think I’m not the AH. C just laughed at me, being all vulnerable and open. He looked away, like he thought I was ugly. I couldn’t believe it. As upset as I was, here’s what I did that might make me the AH.

Whenever we walked side-by-side, I casually said something like, “Hey, are we holding hands?” I meant it as demeaning as possible. Like, are we even dating if you don’t be affectionate with me? What’s wrong with you?

After the first time, C took the hint and started holding my hand. But he kept laughing at me, which was starting to make me angry. I’m trying to hard to break him down, but he has a backbone? He’s three steps ahead of me and I don’t know how to crush his spirit yet.

Tl;dr: For some reason, a guy was interested in me. After talking for a while, I caught feelings. I kissed him one day and now we’re dating (: I’m really happy with him and I just want to shout it from the roof tops and jump around.