In a weird situation with my “ex” and I don’t know what to expect I put “ex” in quotations because I never actually dated her

I never actually dated this girl but we both said that we’d like to date each other multiple times over the course of us talking so I don’t know if this considered an actual breakup.

So some background, Me and this girl started talking at the beginning of quarantine and we got to meet once due to the lockdown. We talked for a about 5 months and things were going great. She ended things in August because I was too clingy (and I agree, I practically wouldn’t leave her alone when it came to texting) and I wouldn’t communicate my concerns with her about the relationship (basically I went to my friends for help instead of directly to her). We ended things on pretty good terms and she even offers to remain friends. 

Last week she reaches out and asks if we’re still “cool”, I tell her we are and I apologized for how I acted during the relationship and the breakup. Last night we were Among Us with some mutual friends and everyone was having a good time. As a part of the game, I kill her, she then text me and starts saying how much she hates me and that she wants to fight me, in a joking way obviously. I play along not really expecting much. After everyone gets off she text me again basically saying the same stuff. I tell her if she wants to fight, then setup a time and place, she said this Sunday at the park near her house, of course we’re still joking and we don’t actually hate each other. She even sent me few videos on Snapchat of herself laughing “saying fight me” and it looked like she was blushing. She told me remind her on Saturday so she doesn’t forget on Sunday. 

I’m a bit confused on what I should expect when I go to the park. Because she said she wants to remain friends after we ended things, I’m hesitant on bringing up the idea of trying to get together again and I don’t want to go there expecting that  only to be disappointed. Any advice on what to do?