I just wanted a late night snack :( Ok so this story might sound like a minor inconvenience, but i’ve had a pretty stressful week so i’m at my wits end. If anything, this story is funny now that i think about it, but goddamn was i frustrated (still am a little bit rn lol). So it’s 11:30 pm and i get that late night craving, except this time it’s for something to drink instead of a snack. Because of the holiday, I couldn’t go grocery shopping today and planned to go tomorrow, and thus I have little in my fridge. I get dressed with whatever clothes i have since the washing machines on my floor are broken atm (i live in a dorm at my uni), and head out. I don’t have a car, but there’s a big shopping complex a mile away so I walk over. First is the Jack in the Box, which usually is open hella late but closed early for the holiday. Next is the In N Out and Chick Fil A, both of which closed all day today. I walk all the way to the end and bingo, the Taco Bell with a drive thru line lasting 5 cars long. I think to myself, *why not treat myself for once and maybe get some tacos or a burrito.* I’m actually excited for something which hasn’t happened in a while. That is til I step up to the entrance which is locked. I lock eyes with an employee inside who waves at me and says “sorry, drive thru only!” Frustrated, but understanding, I head back to campus. I know there’s a vending machine so hey at least I can get a drink. I hit Pepsi to see if it was still in stock. *$2.00* it reads. *Great!* I put in my $2 cash, hit Pepsi and... *Out of stock.* I try every other drink and they’re all out except Mountain Dew, which is like at the bottom tier of sodas for me. I try to get my money back but it won’t let me, so I pick the Mountain Dew. Better than nothing right? I head back to my building, ride the elevator up to my floor, step into my room and breathe a sigh of frustration but relief that I’m back. I open the Mountain Dew waiting for the satisfying *pssssst!* and.... it’s flat. Fucking hell. I take a sip, it’s not great. But hey, better than nothing (or at least I keep telling myself that). Halfway thru I glance at the bottle to see how much sugar was about to decimate my body and what do I see? The date *FEB 24 20.* ITS FUCKING EXPIRED.