How do you overcome the immense stress with school? I moved to a new school, and since 90% of the school stupidly decided to go in for in-person learning despite out town being in the purple, all students from all grades staying at home share 2 teachers, and it is around 94 kids. Anyway, since the teachers can't handle so many students, they let a website known as apex do most of the teaching for them. You see, I am a failure when it comes to just about anything, my only skill is art but that is a path I don't intend to pursue in life. I'm bad at sports, video games, exercise, running, PE, having friends, not being annoying, trying hard, and not being a manipulative asshole, and no one go in the comments saying that I'm not, because you don't know my life. I'm an asshole. Anyway, I always managed to squeeze by at getting As in every class, doing the mile every monday in PE was the only way I got an A, since because most of it is uphill and near the end of the trimester 10 new kids that were not used to it came in, the minimum time for a good grade was substantially lowered. Anyway, getting back on track, the only thing I ever excelled at was making stupid jokes that no one finds funny, and despite me wanting to pursue a career in comedy, I'm just not funny or smart enough. Anyway, I barely and I mean BARELY managed to squeeze a 90.4% in LA because my only good subject is reading, at least I can do that. Now we also only have 2 subjects, LA and science, and this is the part where I get stressed out. I am so confused, at everything. I don't know any of the online test answers, most of them are just opinions anyway, and I just guessing because I am so confused and now I feel like a failure. I had a FIFTY FOUR POINT FIVE PERCENT in it as my grade, but now was the turning point, Final test. If I ace it and get extra credit I can score an A minus. I turned it in. Checked my grade, and cried. 44.4%. I messed up every single question except for two which were the only ones I guessed, because I thought I understood everything, I thought I was going to do well in it, but alas, I got 2/25. It's only a matter of time before my parents find out. I fucked up, and next trimester it is PE and math as the subjects, math is my worst subject and I ain't got no mile runs to save me in PE, ether. Please tell me your secrets, how do you avoid the stress of wanting to go to sleep and not wake up all of the time?