Hell yeah I made two best friends ... with like 2 weeks left of school to go.

But genuinely, even though we're being seperated entirely, I think that, even after only 3 days, we'll actually stay in touch. I'm so close to these guys after only ever meeting them for like 18 hours or something, and like, idk 

We're all so closely connected it's crazy. To call our friendship unlikely is an understatement. I'm so glad I met them.

I guess they also brought out a part of me that even I didn't know. It's hard to explain but after spending almost 12 uninterrupted hours with them I feel like my personality has changed so much.

Also now everyone hates me just because I'm friends with the 'weird kids' but they're so nice to me omg like they don't compliment people that much. I've observed them because they're interesting people, and like I've never seen either of them compliment anyone unprompted but now they're telling me how likeable I am and holy shit I love them so muchh

tl;dr I literally met the best people

edit: idk I crave complimenting them to the internet so I'll continue: literally these guys are the most accepting people I've ever met. And our friendship is so lighthearted. Like we can make dumb sex jokes or keep all away from them. We all rarely talk about relationships and I love that, but the way that we do in those rare occasions makes me feel so welcome, like one of the lads talks alot (when the conversation is on relationships) about how accepting he is of gay people. I feel so fucking comfortable around them and they're actually fun people omg. And we (I) got into a bunch of fights yesterday and the day before just for being myself and they keep defending me and already people think we're in some weird love triangle and were yelling that we were gangbanging several times in the past two days and these guys are just so capable of laughing it off, and to be honest these allegations are fucking hilarious like one time we were vibing with me like 2½ metres away from one of them and like 3 metres away from the other and people were accusing us for somehow participating in making out in a three-way. And like the way we talk, like idk with a *lot* of people I get weird desires but with these two I literally don't even have to fight the idea of a romance because the idea isn't even there because it's so lighthearted. They're really open with me about insecurities and I love that-- not because it makes them vulnerable but it gives me the sense that others feel that way in *real* life and they told me that they basically trusted me more than anyone else (they said they trust each other, and myself, and one of the guys said about how he trusts his dad alot too) and I just LOVE THEM SO MUCHHJ