Please read (or don’t, you do you) I will be referring to the girl as “she” for privacy reasons. School starts back up this week and I’m terrified to see her again, so I just need some help. I would put a TL;DR but I can’t fit all the information into a small paragraph, so I’m sorry for that.

She was my best friend from kindergarten all the way until 6th grade when I moved. We never left eachothers side. We played with eachother everyday during recess. We had so many stupid jokes and acted like dumbasses all the time. It was great. The thing is that i’ve always had a crush on her. Every year I was there I have liked her. Why wouldn’t I? She is absolutely perfect for me.  She is beautiful, funny, smart, caring, and willing to act like a dumbass with me. We even have the same sense of humor, which is rare. She made moving away a lot harder for me. The only positive in moving away from her is that I would lose feelings and stop chasing her. 

Unfortunately, I compared every girl at my new school to her and it was impossible for them to even stand a chance at being better than her. She was just too great. It was very long and hard (that’s what she said), but eventually I lost feelings for her. I didn’t feel the way I did for her until freshman year came. That is when I saw her again at a homecoming football game. The first time seeing her again and talking to her made all of those feelings come rushing back to me. I was back where I started. I heard her mention she didn’t have a date to homecoming and so I thought I would be the one to take her. So I asked her if she would be my homecoming date and she said yes! I was shocked and also the happiest I’ve been in my life. I couldn’t believe the girl who i’ve liked forever was going to homecoming with me. I was pumped. I bragged to all of my friends that I had the perfect homecoming date and I was ready to go. 

Unfortunately, the timing could not have been worse. The weekend of homecoming I flew to Seattle to go to a Seahawks game. We had planned this before hand and I forgot all about it. So that means that I couldn’t go to homecoming with her. I was devastated. I cried and cried like a little baby for like a week over this. Easily the worst thing to happen to me. 

So after that whole mess, I went on with my life with her constantly in my head. I just couldn’t shake her from my mind. That’s how things would be all the way to today. After sophomore year, I moved back to my old school. I figured that I should catch up with all of my old friends before I see them again. 

Of course the first person I wanted to talk to was her and that’s exactly what I did. I haven’t talked to her since the homecoming thing so I was pretty scared. I did anyways and of course I talked about homecoming. I said I felt bad and I was really excited to go with her. She said she was also hyped to go with me and she told people that I was going with her. That made me happy to hear. I asked her if we could have a do-over and go to homecoming this year together. She said yes again! I couldn’t believe it. There was no way I was gonna mess this one up. Not again. We talked a lot more about god knows what and the memories that we made along the way. We both agreed that we missed acting like dumbasses together and we both wanted to be close like we used to. She told me she had a crush on me every year that I was there and that shocked me. I was in disbelief that she liked me every year that I liked her. Everything was going perfectly. 

That was until she suddenly stopped talking to me. I was confused and scared. I didn’t know if it was something I said or what, but either way I was worried. I asked her what was wrong and she told me that her boyfriend didn’t want her talking to me. Her boyfriend huh? I had no idea she had a boyfriend. I was understanding, but still confused. If she had a boyfriend then why did she say we could go to homecoming together this year and why would she tell me that she has always liked me? 

I was sad, but also a tiny bit proud. I made myself seem like a threat to her boyfriend. Her boyfriend doesn’t know me, so for him to not want her talking to me must mean that she was talking about me to him or that he was scared. Either one makes me feel better. I just didn’t want it to be my fault. So we said our goodbyes and said we’ll talk to eachother when the time is right. 

After about two or three weeks, I finally had another opportunity to talk to her because it was her birthday. Everybody was gonna be talking to her on her birthday. So I wrote a sweet little message to her and said happy birthday. My goal wasn’t to make her leave her boyfriend and go for me, but to make her think that it was sweet and remind her of all of the great times we shared. Luckily, that did the trick. She said it was very sweet and that she misses all of the times we used to have. She also said she wants to be become as close as we used to be and missed having people like that in her life. We then talked a little more about some other stuff and I wanted to make sure that her boyfriend wouldn’t get mad at her for me texting her and she said probably not, but we shouldn’t continue because he checks her phone and he doesn’t even want us being friends. I asked her how we would become as close as we were if he didn’t want us to be friends. She said that we will be friends when school starts no matter what he says. This was a very good sign for me because this means that she is willing not to listen to him to be closer with me. So I told her I was excited for school to start and that I couldn’t wait to see her again. She said the same to me and we said goodbye again. 

It is kinda sad that we had to stop talking, but at the same time I know that if she breaks up with him, then I have a pretty good shot. I could actually get the girl after all these years of chasing her. We just had to play the waiting game. That’s exactly what i’m doing now. I’m hoping that the same thing will happen to her that happened to me when we see eachother at school again. I hope those feelings will all come back to her like they did to me. I know it’s wrong for me to want this, but can you blame me? She’s the most perfect person in the world and I’m not gonna just let her get away. I am gonna take my shot when the time comes. And when I finally get her, nothing is gonna ruin it for us, we will be unstoppable. Thank you for coming to my TED Talk.