My grandfather has been in the hospital for quite a bit of time because of someone who went to church without a mask on. The night he went into the hospital I started writing a poem that I didn’t finish. I finished it today, minutes after word of his death. “To the walking deficit who went to Church without a mask. 

I hope your temporary convenience and happiness is enough to satisfy the hundreds, maybe even thousands, of people who cared about my grandad. 

I hope your ignorance is enough to guard you from the shame and disgust you should be feeling right now. 

I hope your 



Update: I didn’t finish that poem. I thought it was trivial. It wasn’t. I thought wrong.

Everyone keeps saying that COVID-19 killed my grandfather. 

That’s a flat out lie and you know it. 

*You* killed my grandfather. 

Your selfishness, ignorance, and complete disregard for fellow human life is what killed my grandfather, along with your complete lack of respect, intelligence, and likely empathy. 


I’ve never wished someone to die, and I still don’t. But I do wish you understood the impact you’ve had on me, my grandfather, and my entire family. I sincerely hope that you have to live the rest of your life with that burden weighing upon you; that you learn your lesson and never have a chance to forget it.”

I wrote these words down in the notes app of my phone the day my grandfather went into the ER for a routine coronavirus test. He showed no signs other than a slight fever, 1 degree Fahrenheit higher than normal. His wife- my grandmother- was in the hospital having surgery on her lungs. She has a disease, but the doctors weren’t sure what it was and they had to biopsy. 

He tested positive. His only human interaction had been with the one guy at church that didn’t wear a mask. Everyone else there socially distanced and wore face coverings.

My grandmother recovered after a while, although there were complications.

My grandfather had to be sent to a hospital, to their coronavirus floor. He had to be intubated among other things. For a while the doctors didn’t think he would make it.

Then he got better. He was doing great. There was no chance of him regressing. He was expected to be cured soon.

He spiraled. His heart stopped. He didn’t make it.

I hope that the churchgoer who did this to him sees this. I hope that I can convince a few people to wear their masks or just not go out. And I hope I can offer comfort to people in a situation like mine. 

I’ll never get my grandfather back.