I got in a big argument with my mom im all moast sure shes a karen at this point Ill try ti make it sort sorry about spelling im pissed at the moment.
It start like this i was in the car just chilling wait fir my mom to come to the car she finally comes to the car she gets in we start driving i ask her if she could talk to my dad about sighning me up for the hunters safety course online my parents send they would sighn me up durning winter break. She says yes ans than the catch as long as i sign up for the nation sky patrol this would mean half of my wrekends are used   doing a hard job for no money tack in mind my parent's sayed they would sign me up that was the agreemen. She finally see that she would be going aganst a contract and send fine ill talk to him about. I dont remember what happend but than we started arguing about me cleaning my room first some cotext my family switched rooms about 4 years ago i was finally geting my own room but it was my parents room i was switching to and they were geting my brothers room so we switch my brother moves all of his stuff out and i move all of my but my mom moved nothing shes all so a horder so when i mean her stuff i mean the room filled wast high every where the only thing they was the bed and that was all my dad ok now were cought up there back to the story. So my mom is getting pissed how i havnt cleaned my room ive been trying to get her to move her stuff out for the passed two years before my brother just told me i should just do it my self. So she complaining about how i should be able to get more done how im not trying.

This goes on for a long time it got intense. Then she starts to say how i sas her too much im not respectful what i wanted to say is respect is earned but she would understand that or she would say i gave birth to you. So instead i brought up the things i hear when shes arguing with my dad how she thinks she a failure by staying home and raising kids. How her kids are essentially worthless people and the only thing she sayes inreturn is my mom saided she should had just had an abortion so i say and how does that make it ok and she sayes it doesnt. This is the same person going to school again to be a psychologist.


And this entire time my brother just sat there like that dog saying every thing is fine. But than he just goes shh and at this point i knew shut up. This only part of the argument so there might be a part two idk