special friend applications!! 16F. 15-17M only. Hey everyone! I got inspired by this other girl’s post here about the google form app. I went ahead and did the same, but this time it’s for being my special friend. 

What is a special friend? 
- it’s someone who’s in between a friend and a bf (leading to be the boyfriend if we’re compatible and all goes well). 

Why am I doing this?
- I believe that there’s so much more to a boy’s looks, and I want to finally form a true connection with someone and not date purely for the looks (looks were my top priority when it came to dating guys, but I realized that it’s not all, obviously, that makes up a guy).

Things about me:
I’m 16 (turning 17 in 4 months woohoo) and I live in the Philippines. I enjoy talking about how things work, human evolution, and Netflix! I loved Lucifer, HIMYM, Friends, and Big Bang Theory! I also like learning about Greek Mythology and the likes. I like talking to people about fun stuff: memes, sarcastic banter, etc. I like dressing up too :) I value fashion sense and grooming. 

Here are my answers to my own form, so you can see and it’s fair.

I can be shy sometimes, but I’m mostly outgoing.

I consider myself to be a virtuous person.

My best quality is that I can get along with most people . People say I’m also charming when they meet me irl.

My worst quality is that I can be forgetful with the little things. So I need someone who is patient. 

If I could live anywhere, I’d live in NYC. I like the energy in that city.

I’m insecure about my laziness sometimes.

I’m looking for a guy who is respectful, a great conversationalist, will make me laugh, witty, happy, positive, kind, and caring. (Plus points if you’re Chinese/Korean)

I’m expecting to be someone who would be one of your support systems, someone who you could talk to and debate with, and someone who you could just have those shallow conversations with.

I’m still torn. I’d most likely be a lawyer.

I value honesty the most.

The kindest thing I’ve done (we actually do it every year) was go on an annual Christmas food drive to give food to the ones who were spending their Christmases on the streets. 

The worst thing I’ve done was sneaking out the house late at night to go watch a Marvel movie.

Mentioned my hobbies already.

I do have a good relationship with my parents.

I am in the upper class.

I think school is important.

Read: I won’t be entertaining DMs. They will get blocked.

Link: https://forms.gle/DqRwxQeXV92kAbfJ6