rant about my family &lt;3 im 14m and my parents are the strict type (typical asian parents). All they ever talk to me about is my studies. They have made me study in the living room with everyone watching, since they are suspicious of what is on my computer screen. However, last week they let me do my work in a room on my own, and i became really productive there. I was having a late night on sunday, trying to finish some work, then my mom comes in (its actually her bedroom) and pretends to sleep while watching me secretly, cuz she still doesn't trust me. My dad, trying to be nice, comes into the room and has a look at what i was doing. He said I hadn't done anything at all since he last checked, though in reality i had made SO MUCH progress.The weird thing is, he has never edited a video before, and he always comes to me if he wants to edit a video. My mom, who had previously said she was too tired to do anything, gets triggered by what he said, and claims that she saw me doing "other things" and proceeds to recount what happened in her eyes, mostly from blurry images of what she saw through her half-closed eyes, which were completely untrue. And by the way, my mom doesnt know a shit about computers. My dad tells my mom to be quiet and for me to explain what happened, but she yelled "no i will not stop until you listen." So my dad gave in and yelled at me, saying i will never study privately again, and sent me to the living room. 

As well as this, my parents always talk to me as if my feelings dont matter, and talk about me behind my back. In the morning, i wake up with my mind completely messed up, since my dad yells at me until i get up, and when i have a shower, if i take any more than 2 minutes, my dad bangs on the bathroom wall so hard that the room shakes. If i take 3 minutes then he opens the door and fucking drags me out of the shower.  And also sometimes he chooses to make me shower under his supervision, and i have to turn around and around, which is just wierd, and he looks like hes simping over me or something. There was one time when he dragged me out, while looking at my dick. Also my family uses me as a scapegoat. 

Whenever im trying to chill, no matter where it is, my parents have the urge to intercept and make me do something else, as if im using that time to plot against them.

thank you for listening to my ted talk, i needed somewhere to release my anger.