A guide for being confident (mostly for guys but there’s some stuff girls can use) Hey you! Yes you, looking at this post! I used to be a quivering, unconfident welp myself, until I “discovered” these tips. They might not work for everyone, but it’s better than not being confident ever. (Also, sorry about the formatting I’m on mobile)

Step one: fake it til you make it.
This is gonna sound cliche, but it works I promise. If you walk with confidence (i.e not cowering to the side when someone walks by) you’re already half way there. If you *act* confident, people will see you as confident, if people see you as confident they’ll treat you like you’re confident, and if they treat you like you’re confident you’ll feel confident. This is the most important step and even if you don’t follow the others, I’d still recommend using this. 

Step two: your worst nightmare isn’t that powerful .
It’s true that (most) teenage guys fears teenage girls above all else. You’re brain is hard wired to pick up tiny social cues that you might not even notice. You’ll naturally be subconsciously worried about what they think. The thing to remember though is that their opinions on you don’t mean jack shit. They’re just as awkward as they think you are. This is probably one of the harder steps but learn to forget they exist, their stares mean nothing to you.

Step three: don’t psych yourself out.
This is technically just an extension of the other two steps, but it warrants its own section. No matter how well you execute steps one and two, it’ll all fall apart the moment you think something like “oh fuck do I look awkward!?” If you think about stuff like that you’ll start to show tiny details of worry that the brain will subconsciously pick up. The best thing to help with this is thinking the opposite. Think about how confident you are, you’re the center of your own world and that’s all that matters.

Step four: Don’t overdo it.
No matter what, don’t be dick. When I say “confident” I by no means am trying to say “narcissistic” True, you’re the center of your own world, but that doesn’t mean you’re the center of *the* world.  

I hope that helped, if you have anything to add feel free to comment about it.