I’m an emotional wreck... Sometimes, when I feel awful, it helps to make a list of things that are making me feel awful. It’s best if you just don’t hold back, complain about whatever’s bothering you and forget about the rest of the world. I ask not for your sympathy, but for you to get whatever you need to off your chest, too. What’s on your mind?

\#1: I just started college an it’s so freaking lonely. I‘ve got trauma-induced Severe Social Anxiety Disorder (it’s... a mouthful). Makes it really hard to make friends, especially with COVID. Everyone’s finding their group. No one else eats alone, or walks to class alone, or anything. It just... sucks. It feels so distant.

\#2: COVID. It’s squeezed almost all the fun out of freshman year. No clubs. No sports. I only have one in person class, meeting once a week. We aren’t allowed to associate with people from another dorm. No orientation. It’s so bad the college hired a literal clown to put on a ZOOM show last night.

\#3: Just found out I can’t buy any of my textbooks. It’s a long story, but financial aid issues. I wrote all my professors asking if there’s some way I can at least turn in homework for the first couple weeks until I get the money to pay for the workbooks and textbooks. Only one will let me. I guess I’m getting 0’s my first week in college :(.  
\#4: Accidentally let it slip to my super extremely homophobic parents that I’m, well, gay (it just makes my stomach churn writing that :( ). Didn’t go over well. I’ve managed to put on an act for years. Didn’t know I was on speakerphone. When I say homophobic, I mean my uncle went to jail for throwing a gay man off a bridge, and my dad once made a 15-foot sign saying “f-ck the gays” with AK-47’s on it, and stuck it in the front yard. He once thought I was looking at gay pornography (I wasn’t, I was only 13, don’t have a clue where he even came up with that) and I think his exact words were “I’ll disown you after I kill you if I ever find out you’re a f-cking f-g”. I still can’t believe that shit didn’t end up on the news or something. So now I don’t know where I’ll be living after the semester.

\#5: My classes are going to be accelerated. To get everyone off campus before Thanksgiving, they decided to cram roughly 15 weeks into NINE. I mean, I don’t usually have trouble academically, but that’s rough. And that’s going to be a \*lot\* of homework. I really need to spend more time out of the dorm. Long story, but I’ve been isolated at home for years. My \*doctor\* says I need to get out more. I don’t relish the idea of being stuck in a dorm, looking at a computer screen for HOURS. I get screen fatigue.