Can we all just take a second and appreciate all that our parents do for us? They care about us. They legitimately get hurt when you shout at them, and they must bottle up their emotions, their thoughts, and their worries when they are with you. They want to see our report card because they are legitimately care about your grades and what you are doing with your life. They stop you gaming or fooling around when there is homework because they want to see you succeed. They spend countless amounts of their time with you, and you always have their shoulder to cry on, but they never do. You may cringe at the talk about depression, suicide, drugs, and sex, but they don't want your life to fall apart, and they know how hard peer pressure can be on us. They just want the best for you, full stop. I'm sure it may not feel like it when they pull the power cord on your computer while in the middle of an unauthorised Minecraft session, call you every hour to tell you not to get *too* close to that girl you were on a date with, or forbid you from entering a relationship simply because they didn't like your choice of partner. They are (usually) supportive if you come out as LGBTQQIAA++, and they always try and juggle work life, social live, their time, and time with you as a family, They may act differently to the smaller sibling, but usually they do that because they learnt from parenting you. Maybe they were too harsh, and are more gentle to the younger sibling. Maybe they were too gentle, and are harsher to the younger sibling. Don't forget they haven't been parents a second longer than you have existed, and are figuring things out now as much as you are. So go give Them a hug and tell them you love them, and tell them that you appreciate what they're doing. Some people are not as fortunate to have loving and caring parents. To the child abuse victims, There will be one person who will treat you like you deserved to be treated. Go give them a hug as well, as soon as you can. Tell them that you appreciate the love and care that they give you, even if it's just the dog. Happy birthday, Mom. I love you. 

 *Love as powerful as your mother’s for you leaves its own mark to have been loved so deeply .. will give us some protection forever.* \- JK Rowling