For the environmentalist of this depressing sub Hello depressed people who are probably reading this and decided to since they are probably bored out of their minds.

And its pretty long so.. be prepared 
Now this is mostly made for the young dudes who are concerned about the environment so I'm here to tell you guys something.


Solar, wind and hydro-electric (maybe) suck ass.

Mostly solar and wind. Why? You ask. Well its simply because solar has a life span of 5 to 20 years, they don't produce alot of energy and are expensive to maintain. 

Wind well they have some sort of plastic. Which if mass produced can cause many problems

Now I'm not saying that there is no way. There is and that

*drum roll*

Fastox Gasification, nuclear and liquid hydrogen. Now solar amd wind, if they stop getting a certain source of0o power, like the sunlight or the wind they stop producing electricity which is bad. 

Then we have fastox gasification. So there is this energy corp known as Sierra energy an they plan to trash into electricity, bio fuels and hydrogen 

Now I dont fully believe in biofuels but for now, we can use it on planes and crap. They do produce pollutants but very low. It doesn't meant its a good idea. Maybe for now since we don't have access to hydrogen planes or electric planes, we can use biofuels for them. 

And if your country produces alot of trash then thats good for you. This can even help the growth of bio plastic since they can't be recycled but we now can get energy out of the same bottle most people drink from and or use to make a flashlight with. (Wow imagine a world where electricity was powered by some dudes fleslight) 

Hydrogen, its liquid hydrogen. It kinda works like natural gas plants but they don't use natural gas. They use hydrogen. Only problem most are made using a "un-green" way

Nuclear, mini nuclear reactors. These babies are great. They are protable so u don't have yo build a aentore fucking facility. They are like Playmobil toys. 

Great if your reading this then u are extremely bored or just curious, I apologize for making u read that. Anyways here have some tea. 

Now, why? Why u/TheOneInOut did you make me read this shit or type it. Well simple, I wanted to spread awrness that there are other better ways than nuclear wind and solar.

Wind maybe but solar can fuck itself. Maybe you guys ca use wind and solar to produce electricity that you can sell like oil. Or use it for their tesla home car charger (only exception) 

If you want solar and wind. Use the energy and sell it like car fuel. Relying on them is like relying your mom with a really personal secret.

Anyways thanks for reading and finding out what solar and wind can be useful for. And that there a better ways on green energy.


Sources

https://youtu.be/RqppRC37OgI

https://youtu.be/Nh5Tx1QLKBI

[www,hydrogenenergy..com](https://youtu.be/dQw4w9WgXcQ)