holy shit i think my parents are getting a divorce (and i think my dad has a reddit account) So I was doing online school and my dad left his office and I went in there cause i was gonna do an annoying joke on him. The joke was I was gonna sit in his chair, put on his apple watch and his favorite hat, and go on his phone and take a buzzfeed quiz and when my dad came in I was gonna be like, “Get out of my office, i’m dad now. i’m taking a quiz called “choose these olive garden entrees and find out which game of thrones character you are!”  (it’s an ongoing joke in my family that my dad is addicted to buzfeed) 

anyway i went on his phone and opened safari and the open tab he had was “how to divorce wife with no job” and i was like “ o fuck” and then looked at his history: how to divorce wife in (state), how to divorce stay at home mom, should i file for divorce. he even went on reddit and searched “divorce dependent wife” and i was like “damn millennial, first buzzfeed now reddit? come on! youre like 45!!!” 

anyway by then my eyes were tearing up and i had to go out in the kitchen and pretend everything was fine. and anyway i guess their mairrage has been strained. a few months ago i snitched on my dad for smoking devil lettuce and apparently my mom threatened to divorce and then once in like 5th grade i was reading my moms texts and she really wanted a divorce. those times i knew it wasn’t gonna happen but now i really think it might. my parents dont see eye to eye on a lot of stuff like parenting and vacations and the stock market. take what happened last night for example: my mom said that my brothers could have their ipads after school but not the playstation. so they finish their online assignments and my mom gives them their ipads. then my brother just goes on the playstation ipad remote app and plays the playstation so then my other brother (i have 2) went and snitched on him for using the remote app and my dad said “it’s fine i’ll get you the playstation remotes” and my mom said, “no! he broke the rules so he needs to give you his ipad!” and then they had a long argument and my mom stormed to her room and stayed there until after dinner. it was pretty bad. 😟 anyway thanks for listening to my rant. dad if you see this it’s anonymous dont freak out also why are you on r/teenagers old guy 😂