Keep scrolling, another edgy sob story here. 

So, yeah. I know it’s annoying. I know it’s tiring to see people going around sobbing into there screens pleading for some nice compliments and validation. So, sorry about this.

—-

Am I actually depressed? Or have I just convinced myself that because of the image around depression? Do I subconsciously think that it’s somehow “cool” or “deep” and want to think I feel like that? I honestly don’t know. I don’t feel sad, or sad in the sense that everyone makes depression out to be at least. I just feel so lost and meaningless. I always have this aching  feeling in my head that I don’t matter, that my impact on this universe will never amount to anything. It’s not like I’ve even convinced myself that people wouldn’t miss me, that’s just people wallowing in their tears. I just feel so useless, in the sense that my life will never achieve anything. I feel no drive to live, to continue existing. After I die, willingly or by fate, only a incomprehensibly small fraction of the human race will remember me. And even in its entirety, the human race amounts to a literally unfathomable small piece of this universe. And only the tiniest fraction of that will remember me for what is comparable to a trillisecond in the grand scheme. I feel as though nothing matters, because it doesn’t, it really doesn’t.

And after all of that whining and complaining on my part, do you wanna hear my sob story about how my life is a total mess and I have a verbally and mentally abusive family and how we’ve been in poverty for my entire life? Well spoilers, it doesn’t exist. That’s the pathetic part. I don’t have a truly valid reason to feel this way. I don’t have a sad life, my family is very supportive, I have a minuscule amount of work that I have to do day to day in the grand scheme of things, and I have a close-knit set of friends i regularly hang out with. So why? Why do I hate every single aspect of myself, have no hopes for anything positive to happen to me, chastise myself for simply having the thought of wanting to be happy, feel no will to move on in life or get out of bed, or even feel any kind of fear or sadness when thinking about my death? I haven’t got a reason. That’s why I’m even bothering on typing it out to the hundreds of thousands of teenagers on this subreddit who couldn’t give one less shit about whatever the hell I’m complaining about. And right fully so.

As in the end, my little problems mean less than we can even begin to comprehend.