Advice on girls, from a girl. 1: It’s usually easy to tell which ones of us are rude and will probably make fun of you, avoid the popular kids who get a new boyfriend every month. 

2: Complimenting specific parts of our look (eyeshadow colour, good contour job, complimenting an accessory.. etc..) is the best feeling ever because it feels like it was worth it to put the effort in to the little details. 

3: You are not a simp if you tell off someone who is clearly making us uncomfortable. Maybe don’t be too much like a knight in shining armour, but the protection feels really good. 

4: Don’t watch porn. Seriously. 

5: We enjoy coming over, even if it is just to watch you play video games (at least I do), just be willing to answer questions or socialize. 

6: Shower. 

7: Take pride in how you look. Dress up nice. 

8: Regarding the last number, “surfer boy” style is really popular right now and almost every girl LOVES it. 

9: Work hard in school. An attractive boy is okay, but an attractive boy with good grades is 🤤🤤! 

10: Be willing to turn down the boys for us. Not all the time, but sometimes. 

11: Sexist and/or racist jokes are a big no-no. 

12: Don’t expect sex. 

13: Don’t be afraid to make the first move, we can usually tell that you are interested but don’t know what to say. 

14: Being good with kids and animals is one of the biggest turn-ons! 

15: Be spontaneous. 

16: Please don’t follow instagram models and like their thirst-trap photos. 

17: The worst feeling in the world is seeing other girls comment things like “where are the photo creds 🤔?” or “my caption was better🤪” and especially “there, i commented” on your pictures. I can’t explain it very well, but having someone constantly need to talk about how they were there is blood boiling. Trust me. 

18: Don’t turn off snap maps after you say goodnight to us. 

19: Laugh at our jokes. 

20: Don’t compliment us by saying “omg ur not like other girls🥰🥰”. Just don’t. 

21: Clean your room. 

22: Vaping in the school bathroom is one of the biggest turn-offs. 

23: Don’t be mean to teachers. 

24: Send the homework if we need it. We will remember it. 

25: Tip well in restaurants. 

26: A man who can cook is just 🥰🥰🥰

27: don’t pee all over the toilet. also, put the damn seat down. 

28: show us memes you find funny. 

29: post us on your social media. 

30: don’t kill us, we will die.