I have to get this off my chest So back when I was 4 I used to be baby sat by my Nana's neighbour and my sister (who's younger than me) would play with her kids, they were a few years older than us and they always picked on me. The neighbour had 2 daughters and a son and the son was nice but the daughters weren't.

The oldest one would push my sister and I into the snow when we were walking to her place and I finally had enough and told her if she pushed my sister into the snow again I would hit her. She did it again and I went through with what I said, she then pushed me really hard into the snow (also she was 10 or 11), when we got back to her house she told her mom and I got I trouble.

I was crying and trying to explain what really happened but it fell on deaf ears, the mom told me if I don't stop crying she'll give me something to cry for and she then grabbed my arm really hard and shoved me into the living room. This isn't even the worse part.

My sister and I were outside playing with the daughters again and they had a pop up trailer (if you don't know what that is please google it) and the trailer was in their drive way. It was a super hot day in the summer and they were opening the storage compartments and they had me look inside one of them.

It was super hot in there and I could barely breath and I only had my head in there and it was also very dark inside and I couldn't see. I had my arms in there was well but I had a feeling something bad was going to happen and I put my hands at the edge so I could push against it.

The 2 girls wanted to put me in that storage compartment and I had a feeling they were going to leave me in there to die, my sister was watching but she couldn't do anything. But basically they both grabbed me and tried to shove me in but I was somehow able to push back and get free, they shoved me to the ground really hard and I was scared .

They started to yell at me asking why I didn't let them put me in there, I didn't say anything and I just kept crying. Thankfully after that I never had to go there again.

Also sorry for the formatting, I'm writing this on my phone.

TL:DR: I was being bullied by a mother and her daughter's and one day the daughters tried to kill me by shoving me in a small hot storage compartment in their trailer.