Teacher who's coded for "20 years" doesn't know what inspect is. Thought you guys might enjoy this story because it's quite funny so here goes nothing.

One day I was in science class and we were working on these presentations we had to make about planets I think it was? Well, we had to go to the computer lab to make these presentations and stuff so we all hop on computers and start researching and getting down to work. 

I finished my project a bit early so I thought hey how about I use inspect on a chrome page because it's pretty funny if people don't know what it is though most do. So I went on to a site relating to the project and ispect and make it say "Mr..... Is such a great teacher that he has decided to give all of his students A's." I show my friend next to me he thinks it funny and I go over to my teacher and here's what happened next.

"Hey Mr..... look what I found about you on this website."

We walk over to my computer and I show him the text and he gets super angry. (Though doesn't shout he's a really great teacher that was like the only time I saw him get mad.)

"What did you do ... you shouldn't be messing with websites and stuff in school it's illegal to do that and now everyone is gonna think that they're gonna get an A no matter what.

"Wait no Mr..... it isn't hacking I just did inspect it only affects what I see it isn't hacking it doesn't even save if I reload the page."

I reload the page and show him that it's reset.

"No ..... you could get suspended for doing that I could get you to be suspended for that. I've been coding for 20 years and I don't even know what inspect is your hacking. I'm going to talk to the tech teacher and talk to him about this you might no be able use tech again at school."

He walks off and my friend burst into laughter the tech teacher calls me over to talk to me.

"Hey man, I know what you were doing just don't do that again. Ok?

"Yep won't happen again."

I went over to apologize to my science teacher and everything was good plus I did get all A's in his class so that's good.

Thanks for listening. And the teacher was super nice probably was just having a bad day or something. 

TLDR; I change a page to say that a teacher will give us free A's using inspect teacher loses it and threatens to suspend me though tech teacher saved me.