My PSA I made, redone. The comments on pumped up kicks were so stupid I made a post about active shooter safety.

Part 1: supplies and survival.

Keep a bullet proof vest in your bag. You never know if it will come in handy.  Also, if there is an active shooter, try to sneak behind them, as you can knock them to the ground from there. Or if you don't want to be the hero and want to more likely survive, hide behind a desk, dawn the vest and put your bag in front of you. this will protect you, if they shoot at you. There are also bullet proof backpacks, so you can use those if you can't afford a vest.

Part 2: What the US classifies as concealed carry weapons.

A concealed carry firearm is a small gun, usually a glock, Makarov, or revolver. If the person is a fan of imported weapons it could even be a KGB assassin rifle. They are much less powerful than non concealable firearms, and shoot a lot more slowly. They can easily be a crisis averted if you wear a bulletproof vest, unless they shoot at your nads or your head, but you should be running away fast enough that they can't get a headshot, anyway.

Part 3: Non concealable weapons (shotguns, hunting rifles and bows and arrows.)

If a shotgun gets involved, there is going to be major carnage in the school, so I would run away faster. Hunting rifles, being for hunting and rifles, are much more powerful than a pistol, but are pretty much just Grandpa's M1 Garand from WWII, so a good bulletproof vest should stop it. Bows and arrows are pretty much a joke, just use the vest, walk up to the assailant and beat them senseless.

Part 4: non concealed weapons 2: Electric boogaloo (assault rifles and sub machine guns)

If assault rifles get involved, you're fucked even if you're wearing that vest. If it's an AK the assailant will at least get to scream KALASHNIKOV CYKA at the top of his lungs. These weapons, all non-concealable guns are super hard to get into school, but submachine guns like the Uzi, aren't, because they are smaller, but since they need 2 hands to operate right it's considered a non-concealable weapon. Even then it's not hard to stop a Uzi in its tracks. Just wear that bulletproof vest and it should stop it. If you're feeling like a hero you can tank those bullets with the vest, grab the gun and beat him senseless.

Part 5: idiots with pellet guns.

If someone is stupid enough to try to do a mass shooting with a pellet gun or rifle, you just need the vest and you need to walk up to them and beat them senseless.

Part 6: explosive threats. (Grenades, C4, nukes.)

If these get involved, run. If it's a grenade, wear the vest. This will help against shrapnel. If it's C4, RUN AS FAST AS YOU CAN. If it's a nuke that person is crazy and doesn't have a nuke.

Part 7: what to do if you're aware that it will happen.

Report it immediately, the police take this very seriously.

To conclude, stay safe people.