Today I believe my biggest fear in the world just happened. Every since qurantine I've been using my laptop. Its slow af, its a hp laptop thats 2 years old with intel core i3 processor, 4gb ram, and a intel graphics cards. So if u combine all that together u get a f**king Nightmare. 

(By now you know what happened but its worse than what u think is gonna happen. If u cringe or have pstd. It is advised u f**k off this post) 

Now a bit more background on why its worse. Now my mom likes calling me by her nickname. And does that werid baby voice. example is, if u seen ur aunt or grandma see a baby they just do that werid voice with their cheeks . Thats how my mom treats me everyday she talks to me like I'm  still a baby and gives hugs and kisses every moment she gets. (Tbh I have no problem with that, its nice knowing even tho ur tall as a giraffe and a fat f**k ur mother still loves you). 

But what makes this even more worse is that I'm indian, and my moms indian. Who grew up in India. (I didn't but I was born there tho) now if ur indian u know how cringy and embarrassing indian moms are with nicknames. 

Now to what just f**king happened. It was math class and I just missed my attendance call so my math teacher was doing a second round to see if he missed anyone. Now my name was called but I was in a another (lag +10) so once I arrived in my class tab I clicked on the mic button (lag +26) the icon stayed frozen, now my sir called my name 3 times already so I was trying to unmute myself, by now I've already clicked by 6 times, then finally I got unmuted but it was mute and un muting it self, like I just clicked it 3 times. After it stopped I poke and said "here"

New accomplishment: Trashy computer

After that hell my mom was asked me where her accounting book was. I told her where side it was in my field of view. Now instead of like a normal person and saying that you, she just started doing that babyoo voice, and said thank you. While pulling my cheeks.  To be more specific 

*Baby voice* "Thank you (my nickname)" 

After she did that she left the room, and I noticed I had a pop up instead of the usual notification,

I use teams for my DL. Now when someone mutes you when you're already muted, u get a transparent notification in the bottom. Of the screen saying "you've been mute" . Instead of that I got a pop-up on to of my screen with bold white letters saying "you have been muted" . I knew that this never happened before, plus wasnt I already muted. DID THEY LISTEN. 

if people could hear my internal screams, then I would have won a screaming fight with godzilla. No one said anything. Except the teacher who was talking about the lesson, now if your wondering how did I not hear my teacher call my name or the student telling me to turn of my mic.

 Its simple, one. Kids are evil, no one would let you know that ur mic is on except ur bros. 

2- I was using my headset which was on my neck so I could hear what my mom was saying better.


Now I knew I was screwed. I left the class with only 10 minutes remaining. Got under a blanket, continuing with my internal screams then 5 mins later, got back in the class and acted like everything was normal. And the possible reason no one was saying shit about what might have just happened could be due to the fact the sir got everyone muted. 

Conclusion: DL should be a war crime. 

Tl;dr- I think my classmates heard my mom call me my nickname in a baby voice, pls send help.