The story of the "terrorist" called "moleface". Before we begin I just want to let you know that this in no way endorsing terrorism.


Hello my name is Emir and this is my story. So as long as I can remember, we were in minnesota and I went to school at Gatewood Elementary School.  In that school I learned a lot of things. I was in 1st grade back then. Everytime you would cross the corners and hallways of the school you would see a ton of flags, to be specific country flags. I would see every country except one. And it was my country, Turkey. So one day when I was in 2nd grade (first day of school) and I asked the principal if you guys could somehow add Turkey in the hallways. He responded saying “*laughter* oh we are super sorry we didn’t notice that, it should be ready in two week. I was super happy to see my own country flag in this school. Then I got the news from my parents that we were moving, moving to georgia.


I was super sad leaving all of my friends and memories here. Everytime someone from the class left or moved they would put all of the pictures of the students on one piece of paper, and the student would write something next to their picture. It’s still funny. I still have it, not a scratch on it. Well, before the day we moved the school principal showed me the flag and hung it right above my classroom door. I was super happy but sadly that happiness had to end in my new school in savannah georgia. 


I went to visit my school after a week to get me signed up for second grade. After we signed up I saw that this school had a ton of black students (saying their skin color not in a racist way but you will understand later in the story). They seemed super nice to each other. I made quick friends there, I was super happy. After a week that happiness shattered. People saw the mole on my chin and guess what they did. Call me names, bully me, harass me. One day I was on the school bus. The bus driver told this fourth grader to sit down because he was up in his seat walking around. And he did not listen, but back then my brain automatically thought that he didn’t hear her. So I said “The bus driver told you to sit down.” and as soon as he heard me he said “what did you say to me?” and grabbed his comb that black people use to comb their hair (again not in a racist way I am just describing) and got that in his hand and hit my stomach with that comb. 


After that day I told the principal what happened and they said they will check the cameras to see what happened. After they called the kid down to the front office all that happened was he apologized. That’s all nothing else, he did not get detention, neither suspension he just apologized. After we left the office I went to my third grade teacher and started to get ready for class. Then that kid that punched me with his comb told my teacher that I said to him “you hit me in the stomach so I told the teacher on you hahahah” when I clearly didn’t. 


After a few months we got a new student. As nice as I was to him I told him everything about the school, the teachers, etc. After a few weeks they found out that I was a muslim they planned on something. When I went to the bathroom the new kid came in and he started punching me in the bathroom saying “that’s what you get for not believing in Jesus Christ.” See this is the part where I was saying “there were a lot of black students.” Black people are against racism and understand it, and I was wondering if that was even true anymore. After that happened I hated this school. I kept patient for about a year. 


Then I made it into fourth grade all of those kids that bullied me were now lonely and nobody wanted to hang out with them. Fourth grade for me was probably the best experience in West Chatham Elementary I had. I started gaining friends, quickly, and fastly. I was super happy that I thought this wouldn’t end. But sadly it had too. We were moving since the company my dad used to work for shut business down. We had to move. The new school I moved to was probably one of my favorites (I am not going to name it because I still live around that zone.) I was in 5th grade, then went to middle school, 6th grade, 7th grade is the current grade I am in as of writing this.


 I wrote this story to let you guys know that, just because someone chooses a religion doesn’t mean that they are the person you think they are. I have been called a terrorist before when I clearly didn’t harm anyone in my school. Just because someone has 1% difference in D.N.A doesn’t mean they are ugly, weird. If you call someone a terrorist because of their religion I hope you know that if a white american blew up a building they would call him a bomber not a terrorist. The rule in Islam is that you never hurt or kill anyone unless its for protection.  ISIS is the opposite believe it or not the creator of ISIS is hired by a american president (I am not going to name for reasons) and it is sad to see humanity being so lost. Deep down I know you guys have stories too, share them, make a difference.