Simping can be stopped. So my friend was big into Charli dateline way back when she had a very small amount of followers and he's been watching her ever since. I never understood dancing videos, but he seemed to like her a lot. It got obsessive to the point of everyone pretty much knowing him as the "simp" of the group. This caused his mental life to not be to great. He would post them in chats and talk about it all the time. He would be very open about how cute he thought she was, until one day.
He told me he was buying something, something no one could have predicted. He was going to buy a custom body pillow with the print of her on it. Now let me say, he was pretty open about how he "loved" charli damelio (if you catch my drift). It was starting to get on my nerves. He cared so much about someone he had never met and he would be quite defensive if anyone insulted her. THE WORST PART is the fact that she is also a teenager. 
Now I can kinda understand having a body pillow of some random anime character, because they are cartoons, it REALLY doesn't matter there age. Its not defacing a real person. I can understand wanting to some p*rn you found online, but this, this was bad. Because I KNEW he wasn't just keeping that pillow just to look at (ew). I would pick on him pretty much everyday, and for good reason. A few days ago he finally stopped. He declared to everyone that he had stopped watching her, and that he was going to trash the pillow. No I know he could have been lying, but I chose to believe him. He said that he had already faded from watching her content, and he had gone back to regular p*rn. So that was good. He told me that an ACTUAL female girl he knew had gave him the realization he needed to stop, he had an actual crush. There's another reason, which I laughed at at first, but I mean, music can really help. "Not afraid" by eminem.
I asked if he could send a video so people would think that i'm not lying for internet points, he said no. :( BTW this story is not about me, I just want to incourage people that simping can be stopped and overcome.


TLDR: my friend was obsessed with charli damelio and realizing hat he liked a real girl caused him to stop.