Why I think piracy is necessary You read the title, let me explain. A few days ago Kissanime got shut down by the Japanese Government, and it sparked a discussion around whether or not piracy is or should be acceptable. You can probably guess that I think it is, and I'm putting my thoughts here because I'm not really sure where else to post it and this sub is like a Reddit general board. First point I want to make is how piracy is often the only way to preserve would be lost media. There are plenty of movies, games, music, etc that is impossible to purchase or stream legally, so the only way to use them would be to pirate them and otherwise they would be lost to time! Best example I can think of is the horror film Nosferatu. It's considered a groundbreaking film for the early horror genre, but in 1922 the German Government banned the film due to copyright violation, claiming it was too simular to another movie; Dracula. Nearly every copy was destroyed, but only a few were saved and copied, and now we're able to watch it today because those few copies were copied again and distributed illegally. Also, if you're into anime you know that there are several anime out there that aren't availible through any streaming service so the only way to watch them is to sail the seas. Best example is the series Monster, an adaptation of Naoki Urasawa's manga of the same name. It's considered one if not the greatest mystery/thriller anime of all time, and it's a personal favorite of mine as well. Because it's not on any streaming service and most physical copies are rare and expensive, it would be impossible to watch Monster if it weren't for piracy! Mentioning anime, that leads into my next point which is localization. As you know, during localization of foreign media some details get changed so it can be more accessible to non-natives of where it's from. However, not all of those changes are necessary, and anime is a notible example. English dubs and subs are known to alter the series, in JoJo's Bizzare Adventure music is referenced in character's names and abilites, and the localization team changed them so that they don't get in trouble with copyright. It's become a meme in the community, and for good reason because some of those names are hilarious; "Flaccid Pancake", "Blueford", "Filthy Acts At A Reasonable Price". However, whether or not it's good for the series itself is a different question and pirates translating JoJo themselves are part of why the music references don't go over everyone's head. In other series there's also jokes that are removed in localization because they rely on the Japanese language but are kept in pirated translations, but I don't want to spend too much time on this point and I want to talk about my last argument, which is countries with strict censorship laws. Countries such as China, Saudi Arabia, Russia, etc. are known for having strict censors and the vast majority of foreign media isn't allowed through. Pirates are able to translate and distribute it themselves illegally, and as a result the bootleg markets in those countries are huge! But without it, the locals would be unable to access media they wouldn't otherwise be able to enjoy, and more importantly information they didn't know before. Throgh those pirated films, games, and books they are able to learn more about the true nature of their countries' government and other countries' governments as well, and as a result are able to see through propoganda and hopefully get rid of their oppressive leaders. I admit that "Piracy ---&gt; Revolution" sounds like a stretch, but that doesn't change how it leads to information that nobody in those countries would know becomes accessible due to pirates. In conclusion, I believe piracy is necessary for the preservation of media. If you're still reading this whole ass essay and you disagree or if I changed your mind let me know, I'd be more than happy to discuss this topic further in the comments