I wanted to ask my crush out but she did instead I haven't told this  to anyone before and these emotions are overwhelming me and hence, this post.…...

My whole schooling (up till the middle school) has been done in an all boy's institute. So I've had no prior interaction with girls whatsoever. So, in my high school
this really cute girl caught my eye. She has long black hair, big gazelle eyes and the best smile I've ever seen. I was completely smitten by her!. One day, she just greeted me in the cutest of ways and I WAS SWEPT OFF my feet...(when I look back now, I realize how lucky I was that she's a great girl, otherwise, I would've been screwed)
Our conversation was limited to just 'Hi's' and smiles for around 2 weeks until I texted her on WhatsApp with the dumbest pickup line ever (I simply asked her about the syllabus of an upcoming test, because yeah, screw flirting!!)
Anyways, then started a string of chats and cheesy lines. 
I felt that zingy feeling and sparks running through my body whenever I say a text pop up on my phone.
It turned out, she was on the brink of slipping into depression, was insecure about herself in more than one ways and was craving for someone to be a listener to her and make her feel warm. Within a week of chatting, she mentioned some of her deepest fears and secrets to me and I was surprised because she barely knew me....
and on the outside, she looked so bubbly and outgoing.
She also stated that she once had a crush on me (but was shy enough to not talk to me) and I literally screamed "What are the odds!?" aloud in my house
 I felt a whole different level of connection with this girl, maybe because it was my 1st time dealing with such stuff and partly because she is special.
Then came her birthday..... I worked my ass off to make the best cake I could have baked back then and her reaction on it was worth all of my work.......
One day, after school, she gave me a peck on the my cheek for being a good friend and for helping her out in her difficult times (I don't know how I remained cool in that moment, because I wanted to jump as high as I could have in delight!)
I was making my mind and gathering all of my courage to ask her out, but on the day of my parent's wedding anniversary, she asked me out instead!!
The next day, I had my first kiss, with her and it was such a heavenly feeling!! It was so good that it turned into my first make out session *dab* XD......
it's been around 2 years since that moment and we're still going strong. Yeah, we do have our difference of opinions, and we do fight sometimes.......
We do have different interests (she's an extrovert and I'm an introvert and she's the one who has made it possible for me to voice my thoughts and give my opinions)
but still, she gives me strength, she gives me confidence in my abilities and I try to make her feel comfortable in her own skin.....
She once told me that I play the yin to her yang. It made my day complete!!
So, this is my story. Honestly, it doesn't sound very incredible, but still, it means a lot to me as this phase has sculpted me into my better self........
Thank you for bearing with me....
Have a great day ahead!!
Please forgive me for my grammar.....
Regards.