probably the last and longest post I will make. Please Read the Whole Post.   
about  4 months ago, I  was scrolling the nofap subreddit sorting by new. I never did really good on nofap but I once read a book that really helped me. so I scroll by new and find a post by the title "help I think my bf is a porn addict what should I do?". I usually dm them and tell them to read the book because it really helped me personally. I don't really remember the exact conversation but it wasn't the normal "read this book I believe it will really help you" conversation. we started talking but there was something that I didn't really get. something along these lines.

&amp;#x200B;

OP: "I think my boyfriend used to call me names" (she means sexual names and stuff)  
I told her she should just leave him because he is probably abusive and she should just leave him. I'm sorry I don't remember the conversation because it was too old and it was on an account that I deleted. but what I understood is that op has been dealing with an abusive partner and she already left him but she want to come back to him or something and make him stop porn and live a good life with him. there are more disgusting details but I won't say them.  

&amp;#x200B;

basically I told her that she can't return back to him because he would still be abusive to her and treat her in a bad way. I spoke to her for about 3 or 4 hours that day and just told her that she should not go back to him. I didn't mind helping anyone at all and that's why I decided to speak to her. basically day after day, we speak about it and sometimes she tells me that she feels like she missed him and he is good and I would've to talk to her for a long time but honestly, I loved it. that spike of happiness when someone tells you "thank you!" or "you helped me so much!" is just worth it for me. every time I speak to her, I feel like I just helped someone leave an abusive relationship and that could've been living in it for a long time. now I don't want to say that I did anything big but I like to believe that I helped in a big way. (at least from what she said to me).  


we spoke day after day and one day she told me what my discord is and I gave it to her. basically when I gave her my discord,it started being a little more personal. I spoke to her about what happens in my life like closely every day. and she always had great responses and opinions. one day she sent me a photo of herself and ..... idk man. she was beautiful. like I can't even describe it. I spoke to her a lot that day. I was like on top of the world that day and had like one of the best sleeps that day. now for this next part you have to know that I come from a Muslim background. now after searching a little more, I understood that there was nothing wrong with this. but I didn't know that then. the next day I sent her a very long message which was basically that I want to end all of it. but at the same time it had like " I will be here if you need me". she asked me if I wanted to end this friendship and I told her no it was just kinda of a recap or something. now I admit that it was kinda twisted and I totally understand what she meant.  


it was kinda awkward speaking after it but I believe that everything just returned back to normal after like the 3rd time. yesterday, I opened discord and found out she unfriended me and changed her username. I don't understand why but I opened her reddit and found that she has a past in being a predator. now I didn't realize that you shouldn't judge people by their past but I honestly felt very angry because 1) she unfriended me after all this time without saying anything. 2) she has a past in being a predator and she never told me about it even though she knows I'm way younger than her. we spoke about how bad predators are and I told her that I had predators in my area so at least she could've had empathy for her "friend".  


I sent her a not so friendly message which I should've not sent but I wanted to know her part of the story. she ignored me. I deleted it and told her that I understand that she wants to end it. the only thing I want to know is that why she did it?