All the horrible shit on my conscience right now, every day is a battle.  

Basically I'm a 15 year old male, and everyday is a struggle. I've got some horrible things on my conscience and I'm not deserving of any kind of sympathy I know, even if maybe I am looking for it. I don't know how long this post is going to be because I'm going to type what I have on my conscience right now.

I was messing around with my little 5 year old sister, we were just boxing and lightly punching each other and when I lightly jabbed her in the chest, I felt like a sex offender and feel like I did it because I wanted to touch her up or something. I'm honestly so scared and feel like a horrible person.

Whilst I was having sex with my girlfriend, I think I came inside her on purpose. When I say this, I mean as in getting to the point of the start of cumming (pushing it as far as possible) and then pulling out. Meaning that maybe the first bit of cum went inside her. I understand this was stupid and I don’t know why I did it and I’ve also spoken to her about it and she wasn’t mad, but I feel really guilty. Maybe I was just pushing my luck I don’t know, but I have bad anxiety and now I’m panicking that it’s sexual assault or something.

I was masturbating the other night, when I came across a friend’s snapchat story, with a picture of his dead sister(who is like 5) captioned “I miss you”. I’m pretty sure I felt guilty for even viewing this whilst I was doing what I was doing, and furthermore I think I had a sexual thought about it. My heart aches. I don’t even remember the facts anymore. I feel like I tried to push it out of my head. But maybe I didn’t. Maybe it got me off. I don’t know how I can ever live with myself after this. I’m disgusting. I'm not even attracted to kids or anything like that.

Something that happened with my girlfriend, we were in bed and I was rubbing her ass, and eventually I was rubbing her clit area, I don't think I actually fingered her but maybe I did I don't even know anymore. At this point she had fallen asleep. I don't think I was even aware that she had fallen asleep until she 'woke up', but again I don't know, I guess I never do. I felt so horrible and told her what happened. She told me it was okay and that I didn't violate any of her boundaries. We then established some boundaries, and this leads me onto my next misdeed.

Once again, I was in bed with my girlfriend, this time it was early in the morning and I'm pretty sure I was still half asleep. I had my eyes shut and then I felt her giving me head. I opened my eyes and she wasn't, she was turned around, facing the other way presumably asleep. Now I don't understand why I felt that, was it a dream? I really don't know, but then I had a thought that maybe I was fucking her whilst she was sleeping. This thought ripped me apart and I know that it seems unlikely but my brain really wants me to believe it. And I guess sometimes I do. I feel horrible. I told my girlfriend about this too, and she said that it didn't happen. She said that she would have woken up and it just all sounds like a complete long shot. She said that even if it did happen, she isn't hurt and she doesn't care whatsoever. My brain can't accept this. The fact that I don't know what truly happened is killing me, so I am just assuming the worst and my brain keeps adding more complexities to the situation that further criminalise me. Maybe I did put my dick inside her purposefully, I can't remember any of it and it's making me hate myself.

I also feel horrible for some thoughts that I have, unspeakable thoughts. Thoughts about incest, rape, and more fucked up shit. Nothing I'd ever do. And I know for sure I would never do these things with intent, but the thoughts make me feel so horrible. I truly believe I'm a disgusting person.

Another thing that happened, My sister, who is thirteen (nearly fourteen), was lying on her front in the middle of the floor. As I was going past, I stomped on her foot a few times (not hard, just messing around I guess) and her ass moved. I looked. I feel so disgusting. Why would I even look at my sister like that. It's fucking disgraceful. Maybe I did it knowing her ass would move. It doesn't matter. I'm a freak either way.

I also hit my girlfriend once. She was sat on top of me and as I sat up or moved or whatever, I hit her. Now I'm pretty sure it was an accident. But again my brain convinces me otherwise and maybe it wasn't. I cried pretty much straight away, It upset me because she's been through so much and I don't want to cause her pain. She's the most amazing girl and she's been here for me through absolutely everything, no matter what, she's never left my side. She's a blessing to this cruel world.

Yesterday, I was struggling so I decided to text a helpline. I texted to the woman for a bit and I was on my computer at the same time, I think at one point tho (whilst I was on my computer and waiting for responses), I got in one of those moods and I ended up having a wank. Now I feel so shitty because what if someone was going to commit suicide and really needed the help but I denied them that and they actually did. I feel so horrible and guilty.

The other day I had a thought and it makes me feel disgusting. The thought was of me fucking my sister and I don't even think it turned me on it was just lingering in my head. At the time I was also really horny and fancied a wank. I got scared because I didn't want to think this thought whilst I did that, I'd have felt really horrible and guilty. I was really horny and I stroked my dick a few times, not even masturbating I guess, but the thought was still in my head at the time. In the end I was too scared and didn't masturbate. Now I can't get over this, and I feel so guilty because I basically thinking about that thought, considering I kind of stroked my dick. It's so wrong and I feel so guilty.