My class is literally at the brink of revolution over pizza, not even kidding. So, my school has been on a downward spiral for years now and it all got ramped up to 100 from covid. Some rules are fine, like masks, however, others are just straight-up nonsensical. Today a friend of mine (let's call him Eric) brought in an uncooked pizza he had made that he could cook in the food science room right before lunch. The principal confiscated it. This in itself wouldn't spark a revolt among the students, but this was the second time he had brought a pizza and a week earlier our principal himself said that it was ok for him to do it. Our principal does this kind of thing all the time and honestly we students are sick of his bullshit. Anyway, skip ahead a few periods and everyone in the senior class knows of "Pizzagate" and stands with Eric and against our school. Skip to lunch and I get a text that the pizza would be done in 16 minutes. Apparently, a group of them had stolen the pizza back.

I didn't get any pizza immediately, because I was in a class by the time it was done, but eric walks into the art room (we both have art after lunch) and tells me the plan. I'd be a lookout for the principal and make sure he's not in the halls as we make our way to study hall, all the way to the other side of the school. Short story short we made it without a hitch and we all had some of the most well-earned pizza of our lives until the principal walked into the room. He took Eric with him back to the office. 

All of us in there were mad and wanted to get back at him for this and all the things like this he had done. One suggested a walkout, another just suggested we all go to detention with him if Eric goes.

Meanwhile, in the office, I bet eric let slip who helped him steal the pizza because then there were four names that were called down to the office, all members of the senior class that I can easily see doing it. Haven't had contact sense, but I'll be sure to bring updates to Pizzagate and the Pizza rebellion as it develops.