The end of quarantine is gonna be kinda symbolic in my town (plus more advice and shit) So my town has essentially confirmed (can’t say for sure because it’s 2020 and everything always gets worse this year) that school begins in a hybrid format on September 10, and that depending on which group you’re in, you go back either September 10 or 11.

I view that as kinda symbolic because the time when the last major tragedy happened in 9/11 (the recession maybe but I’m going with 9/11 here) is when we’re likely finally gonna be able to put quarantine behind us, hopefully for good. 19 years ago it was a very tragic day, but this year it will hopefully be a very triumphant day.

It’s also kinda weird knowing how we started this whole thing, not knowing how deep in shit we were back on the night of March 11 and it will likely take all of six months and finally end on or around September 11. It‘s weird how that works out because they were on opposite ends of the calendar year, and were very different tragedies.

Maybe I’m not making sense, hope I make sense to some people lol.

I’m just so excited for my senior year and to hopefully see some of my friends again. I’ve been going through in my head all of my friends by last name as I think that’s how they’ll do it by when it comes to groups.

I just hope that this hybrid shit doesn’t last the whole year, but you can’t be greedy in 2020, if you’re greedy you get rewarded with remote learning or another major world disaster. Back in June and early July I was very confident in being back fully in person and what happened? Trump opened up his damn mouth, they switched it to hybrid and the extreme negative momentum made it feel like remote learning was inevitable, the second I accepted that this year was cursed and that we can’t have good things they essentially confirmed hybrid.

For everyone who is returning to school this year and not fully on Zoom, SOAK IT ALL IN! Soak in every bit of it, enjoy every moment because you have no idea how long it will last. I live in a very liberal state and I have no doubt that if coronavirus gets even remotely bad again they’ll pull the plug faster than you can say “social distancing”.

Enjoy every moment, every memory, document it, keep a journal, because 2020 will try to rip it away from you. This isn’t gonna get that much better until at least this awful election cycle is over and maybe not until the New Year. I know numbers are dropping but still, that probably means that we’ll probably have another national tragedy in September (as this year we tend to have a different national tragedy every three months), because the last time coronavirus dropped massive protests and riots happened that made it spike again.

Another piece of advice, don’t make fun of lockdowns and shit because it’ll make them happen again. On March 10 or even March 11, the last day, I vividly remember mocking the word “quarantine” as my mom dropped me off at school. A week later, I wasn’t laughing. The night of March 11 ONE HOUR before we got the call that school was cancelled for the week, I remember telling my friends at my last normal extracurricular for the year “Guys, it’s just the flu, don’t worry.” Just four nights later, when school was cancelled into April and all major sports were cancelled or postponed, I wasn’t laughing.

To my fellow class of 2021 members and the class of 2020, we’re in this together, we’re the coronavirus classes and will always be joined at the hip because of that.

To the class of 2020, watching you lose it all hurt me, not getting a chance to say goodbye to you on your last day (and then making the rest of May and June a party as the new seniors, my dad says that that was the best part of his junior year) really sucked. Maybe I didn’t like some of you all that much even like 9 months ago, but as I made more friends from your class as 2019 became 2020 I grew to really like you guys. Be proud that you graduated and hold your heads high as you look to college or any other plan you have for the future.

To my fellow class of 2021 members, we’re almost there, and let’s all pray for an amazing 2021 to make up for this god-awful 2020, pray for a vaccine, pray for a healthy family and friends. It’s probably gonna be a rough year, at least to start. We might not get all the events we dreamed of, or get them at a later date, and it’s okay to be sad about that, it’s okay to cry, just remember that we’re all in this together until the very end. If we get a vaccine we could have an amazing spring, a storybook finish, and even without one we still have a chance for most of our events.

Peace out and stay safe everyone.