Please educate yourself TLDR: Please watch the videos linked and bolded to educate yourself on what actually goes on in the animal industry. 

I recently commented on something talking about animals suffering. Obviously I got downvoted for everything I said and all the replies I made under that. It also showed me how uneducated everyone else is in the animal industry. It made me want to educate myself even more. I decided to watch 

[#Dominion](https://www.dominionmovement.com/watch)

It made me sad even though I’ve been vegan 3 1/2 years. Even just the first 10 minutes are awakening. Refusing to watch this is refusing to be educated. I can’t force this on anyone, but for anyone who wants to educate themselves- especially those who wanted to downvote and reply under my comment- please do. You will feel better about yourself. I used to think that I’d never go vegetarian. My sister was and I made fun of her about eating meat and other things like that. Soon after that I came to a realization and decided I’d go vegetarian. 6 months later my sister decided to show me 

[#this video ](https://youtu.be/_K36Zu0pA4U)

I had dairy that morning, but immediately after that I decided that I was going to be vegan. I haven’t turned back since. Best decision I’ve ever made. My only regret is how long it took me to realize what I was doing wrong. I feel better both physically and mentally than ever before. If you are on reddit, you have the time to go watch these videos. If you want to continue eating animals after watching them, that’s fine, but at least you became more educated and now know my perspective. Another benefit is the environmental impact. [Here’s an estimation of what I have done for the environment in the 3 1/2 years I’ve been vegan (not including my 6 months of being vegetarian). ](https://imgur.com/gallery/9V6Cozo) I don’t normally do this,  but Dominion had a big impact on even me and those comments that people made upset me. I’m probably going to get downvoted for this too, but if I cause someone to even just eat meat 1 day a week less, I consider that a win. Thank you for those who actually read this far and I hope this helps you!