I think my dad is tearing apart my family Recently since i’ve been getting older i have been noticing more about what’s going on around me and taken it into a deeper understanding. One of these examples is the realization that my father has been causing everyone in my family mental harm. My father (well refer to him as tom) has always had a bad relationship with me since i was little. He would force me to do stuff i didn’t like and would often use slurs at me like “sissy” “f*g” “pu$$y” etc. I grew up hating my dad until the age of ten when someone told me that it was just his way of “loving” me. For a couple of years i pretended it was ok for him to make remarks at me, treat me badly, and to make me cry constantly to the point where i couldn’t anymore. This all went on until recently this year when i realized he had been afflicting this onto other members of my family. Tom had taken negative impact on my sister (we’ll refer to as sam) and caused her to try to hush herself from her opinions. Sam is very opinionated and loves to take action on world issues and fight for equality, unfortunately she came to me one day in tears because she was afraid that tom was going to cut her off from the family if he found out about her beliefs. This is mostly because Tom is very closed minded, which means he only likes his political parties opinions, never admits to being wrong, thinks being LGBT is bad, is racist, and tries to brainwash me and sam to think like him. Tom also likes to yell and scream a lot when he gets mad, my mother (we’ll refer to as Sarah) is always a victim of this. If tom comes home from work and the house is messy or he had a bad day he’ll scream and get frustrated at Sarah. Sarah used to be a very happy person and great mother but now she is always very tired and will never disagree with my father out of fear. There are plenty more examples of this throughout the family though. All of our family members don’t like asking tom for help because he always complains about having so much on his plate. Unfortunately i seem to be the only one in the family to see what Tom is doing to us. when i’ve mentioned some things he’s done to other members of the family they’ll just say excuses like, he has a very stressful jobs, he makes money and supports us, etc. So now i have to pretend to like Tom for another 4 years until i can get out of the house and get away from the pain he has caused me.