Does she [19F] like me [20M]? I've never called or texted this girl; we've only exchanged numbers because she said hi to me at the same school we go to and I asked her for her number. Just about a few days ago I added her on Snapchat via contacts, and surprise(!) she added me back.

Interestingly, she consistently views my stories on Snapchat. Most of which are reposts of my own videos from TikTok (mainly food, comedy, music/lip-syncing; occasionally politics). She never unfriended me or anything so we're still friends :)

This is the first time in about six months I have had anything to do with her since I was fired from Target.. she never ever told me she has a boyfriend or anything but every once in a while I check her Instagram and she had two different boyfriends as I recall (one of whom is her current boyfriend) that boyfriend of hers is 18, but the girl is 19

I'm 20.. and I have a feeling women are into older men even if they have a younger boyfriend since they tend to be more mature, secure, professional, king-like, monarchic, and this girl doesn't really post anything on her Snapchat .. but she views my story every time I make a post..

Btw I'm a semi-Trump supporter (I post hilarious musical stuff to appeal to Trump supporters) and this girl is a cute Mexican girl with some mixing of European.. I used this IG Stories website to view her story and during early June in regards to George floyd / Breonna taylor stuff going on she put a story saying black lives matter but that performative activism was just as much of a stupid idea as staying silent in the injustice..

her boyfriend is east asian from what I can tell... and I am a middle eastern armenian kind of guy.. funny thing is I do have two tiktok accounts, one I always keep away from my snapchat and instagram friends and family ... on THAT account i petitioned that all hispanic women marry white, arab, armenian men only... and that black and asian men stick to their own and I got hella likes and comments on it thanks to 'for you page' promoting it..