Homeschooling is needed bc of the virus, but I am fucked I am a 16 year old german, and of course in homeschooling because of the virus. And thats not bad because yk if we all would go to school we would be really fucked.
But, I cannot concentrate as good as I could do in school. I sit in my room the whole day, not doing my homework because i cannot concentrate. And its been like this for weeks. My friends sometimes send me the homework but don't want to ask them every week and i wont learn anything if i just keep asking them.
Also I haven't seen my best friend in a year because he fell into a really deep depression and after 2 months of slowly distancing himself from everybody, he just didn't come to school anymore. He still like graduated (I mean did the exams to finish 10th grade and all) but still. And I constantly think that its kinda my fault because i didn't help him and that he thinks that I wasn't interested in helping him. A week ago it was his birthday and i wanted to send him a card. Just so he knows I am still out there, thinking of him. That i still care. I am pretty good with his mom and she said he wont open letters so i should just send a card. Of course i would like to send him a whole idk 3 page letter but well then. 
I still haven't send the card. Because I been sittin in my room all day saying to myself 'alright man, you gonna do your work right now' and then don't. I am pretty sure his mom is looking in the mailbox everyday, getting more and more disappointed that no card arrived. I am sending it tomorrow but still thats way too late and i hate myself for that.

The only happy moments i have are saturday evening, when all my friends meet on discord and we play games together. I love playing videogames, but I haven't been able to play some ps4 in weeks because i literally sit 24/7 in my room.
And i know, its important to take breaks and all. And i do, i have a dog sometimes I go on a walk with him. Not everyday tho. And I mean otherwise? I watch a hell of a lot youtube everyday. So thats basically "taking a break". And idk if you understand me, but thats a damn downspiral i have here and idk how to get out of it. 

Sometimes i do get some work done. But that like costs me a day because i work so slow.

But its said that schools will open on 7th of March again, so... yea. Idk if this is good or bad, considering everything with corona rn. 


Anyway it is 4:21am (i missed 420 yay) and I can't sleep i'll try again now and we'll see.
I dont know if anyone is goong to read this but i needed to say that and where if not on r/teenagers?

See ya guys