For all my fellow teen girls Society says that girls have to be skinny. Society says that girls have to be tan, with thin waists, flat stomachs, thigh gaps, big butts, thick thighs but not too thick cuz then you'll be fat, and society says fat is ugly. You have to have long painted nails, flawless skin without a pore in sight. You can't have any body hair because that's "not lady like". You have to have waxed brows and perfectly straight white teeth. God forbid you have stretch marks or cellulite. Society says you're here to please men. You're here to cook their food, wash thier clothes, keep them happy. That's a girls job. To just sit their, look pretty and do what the man says. Society says a lot of things. Well, society is wrong. You are beautiful and amazing just as you are. Yes, even with your frizzy messy hair, your awkward smile, your unsymmetrical face, your acne, your body acne, your small lips, your wide nose, your undone nails, your non trendy clothes, your stretch marks, your small boobs, your cellulite, your big boobs, your food baby, your pale skin, your dark skin, your glasses, your braces, your oddly shaped butt, your flat butt, your big butt, your crooked teeth, your weird shaped toes, everything. Everything society says makes you ugly and not worthy of love and respect is what makes you beautiful. We're teenagers, not everything is going to be exactly how we want it, and there's a lot of stuff we can't control. Everything is changing, and it's stressful. You're trying to figure out who are with the weight of unrealistic beauty standards on your back. Life is rough ride, and your gonna get thrown off sometimes, and when you tell people you're struggling you get ignored because it's "just hormones" and "you're overreacting". No you're not, this shit is hard. And your feelings are completely valid. All of them, and they should be taken seriously. I just wanted to come on here and let you know, You. Are. A. Bad. Bitch. You ARE hot, you ARE sexy, you ARE beautiful, but you're also more than your looks, you ARE talented, you ARE loved, you ARE precious, you ARE capable, you ARE deserving of respect, you DON'T have to skip that meal, you ARE good enough. YOU ARE GOOD ENOUGH!! And I don't want you letting anybody make you think differently.