Some advice for the boys of Reddit You’re on Reddit. Chances are you are either ugly, lonely, or emotionally unstable. Chances are you want the girl.(or guy, that’s chill too). So here are some tips to help you out.

Note: none of these include changing yourself(personality wise). Half the time a girl can see a fake bitch from a mile away. And if she can’t, her friends can.

Tip one: grow your hair out. AND TAKE CARE OF IT. Girls like longer hair. Trust me. I’m not talking about shoulder length hair. But like hair that goes down to your eyebrows. ESPECIALLY IF YOU HAVE WAVY HAIR. Also curly hair. Girls love that shit.(straight hair is still good thought, don’t worry) Be sure you’re regularly washing and conditioning it though. Otherwise it’s a greasy snarly mess and that won’t get anyone’s attention. 

Tip two: FUCKING TALK TO GIRLS. Most girls aren’t gonna shoot their shot even if they like you. DONT BE A CREEP. If she expresses that she wants you to leave her alone, leave her alone. Some girls play hard to get, but the majority of girls don’t. And if her friend tells you to leave her alone LEAVE HER ALONE. But otherwise, start a nice conversation with her. Send her a meme that reminds you of her. Walk by her in the hall. If you can initiate a conversation, try it. Just don’t be a pushy creep. There’s a limit.

Tip three: make her laugh! The way into a girls heart is through whatever organs make her laugh(idk basic anatomy) if you can make her laugh then you have a solid shot. There is a possibility of getting stuck in the friend zone for this though.

Final words of advice. Most girls aren’t super shallow. I mean all of this is easier if you’re naturally attractive, but even the ugliest guys have a shot with the prettiest girls if they play their cards right. You can be ugly, lonely, or emotionally stable, and that doesn’t me you don’t have a chance. GIRLS ARE NOT OBJECTS. If you don’t want a girl to be shallow to you, don’t be shallow to other girls. Also, you don’t need a girl to survive. A girl does not determine your worth. You don’t have to change yourself to get the girl. And this advice won’t work for every girl.