I just need to vent. Probably not gonna he here much longer So for the past year and a half I’ve been sharing a room with 3 family members and I don’t even have a bed to myself. I have 3 dogs in the room that always jump on the bed so I’m basically sleeping in a sand pile every night. I share 1 bathroom with 4 people and I’m rarely ever alone in a room.

This all happened after my dad quit his job 4 years ago and couldn’t get another for 3 years. Over those 3 years I went from living in a half-decent house to a health hazard. Dog shit stained into the floors, roaches everywhere, the septic system didn’t work properly, only one shower and toilet BARELY worked, and for multiple months I didn’t have running water. Also not to mention no air conditioning for 2 years. I live in Florida, where it’s 90 degrees for 10 months of the year, so you can imagine how shitty that was. Their car got repossessed so I had to bike everywhere. Sometimes I had to take whatever money I had down to McDonald’s to eat since we didn’t have food.

But that’s just the beginning. My dad racked up over $20,000 in debt on the house from not paying the mortgage and we finally got foreclosed and evicted in September of 2019. They didn’t even ASK to stay with anyone until the day before we got kicked out, so you can already see how shit they are at planning ahead. So long story short we moved in with my great aunt and we were supposed to only be there until April. My dad finally got a job but then covid happened at the worst possible time.

Now here it is, New Year’s Eve, and I’m still in this house. We’re getting kicked out tomorrow and I don’t know what the fuck is gonna happen because my parents don’t plan anything or tell me anything. Now they’re complaining about not having more time and shit. Wtf? They’ve had a FUCKING YEAR to plan this out. They’ve had a place to live for a year and a half AT NO CHARGE and they have the audacity to complain?

I’m just so done with them. I’m so done with all of this. They have no self-awareness and blame everybody but themselves. And I still have to balance school throughout all this. I’ve had some seriously bad thoughts the past few months but I’ve been doing better in December but now I can’t take it anymore. Sometimes I feel like driving myself to a bridge and just ending it.

So what happens now? What happens to my stuff? What happens to our dogs? What happens to me? I don’t think I should have to worry about not having a place to live. But hey, this same thing happened when I was 15 so at least I know what to expect. At least this time we have cars and money, cuz last time this happened, my parents didn’t have a dollar to their name or a car.

I just don’t know what to do at this point. Idk how the fuck I’m gonna go back to school in 5 days when I’m about to be living in a car or hotel. But like even if everything turns out ok, I can’t live with this. I’m so fucked up in the head from all this I don’t think I’ll ever live normally. Is it too much to ask for just one of my teenage years to be normal?

If you made it this far, sorry you had to read all of that. I just need to talk to someone about all of this.