The 3 night's saga: a story about how my heart was crushed Friend of mine told me to post my story here, so I am doing so. Sorry about any spelling mistakes, I'm from Brazil

Ok everyone, here I (M17) am going to talk about my story with V. V (F17) has been my classmate since the start, and when we were 12, I developed a crush on her, but I was a big coward and did nothing. Guess what, she started to have a crush on my best friend, while I received the role of being her BFF. And I accepted it, it was better than nothing to me. Time goes on and my best friend hates her because of previous fights that they had and other stuff, but she continued to like him. And I was still in the friendzone. This all ended with her finally giving up on him and not having a crush on him anymore, so I knew that my time was going to come. Time flies and it is the beginning of 2020 and I stll haven't kissed no one ever, so I went to a party with my friends to end this.

Now I need to open a parathensis to talk about my cousin. P (M15) is my cousin and he is practically a brother to me. P is the total opposite of me, he is popular with the ladies and athletic. So one day I was talking to V at school, when she suddenly asks: What if I kiss your cousin? Which I responded to: I would be very pissed. She asks why, but I can't tell her at school that I like her, you get me, right? So I just say that it is because he is my cousin. She accepts, and it is clear that I am going to be mad if she does it, and she respects it because I am her BFF.

Parathensis over, let´s talk about the first night. In this night, I went to a kind of a night club with my friends to score some chicks ;). The night goes on, I kiss 3 girls and i am the king of the night lol, I was really happy. Then I was talking to a friend of mine, when he suddenly says: Yo, look at V and P on the corner. I turn around and there they are, kissing. a. lot. I see this, turn around and go straight into the bathroom. I am just sad and dissapointed at them, if she values our friendship so much, why would she do something to hurt me? And P, (he kind of knew I liked her) why would he also do something to hurt me? I was lost in my thoughts in the bathroom, when a friend called me to come back to the party. I go back and V comes straight at me asking if I was mad, I say yes and she apologizes but asks why I was mad, I had to confess that she was my crush to justify my angriness, and all she said was: But you didn't tell me! Just to remember that I made it really clear before that I would get mad if they hooked up.  About P, my parents told me that I can't fight with family because of girls, so I am not really angry at him, but I was just dissapointed really. First night is over. I hope I still have a shot with her.

Second night time, we were in a kind of street party during carnival here in Brazil, but then it got dangerous because of robberies and all and the group split up, guys to one shopping (including me and my cousin P)  and girls to the other one. I was there eating when suddenly V calls me, she was in the party before and completely wasted, she couldn't even stand up normally. She calls me and says: Hey, I really need you please come over I need you. I think to myself, Well then, now my time has come. She then tells me that everyone is going to gather in the hall of her building, just to talk. So I tell her to come to where we are so we can all go together to her house, and she says ok. Then when she arrives, she proceeds to, grab P and tries to forcingly kiss him. P remembers that I don't want that to happen, so he turns his head away, avoiding the kiss. I immediately am like: WTF?? but we still continue to go to her building. Arriving there, P sits in a bench. V comes in and tries to forcefully kiss him AGAIN, P then leans his head all the way to his back so that he can avoid that. Once again I am very confused, but now I am really pissed, I tell P to get his because we are getting the fuck outta there. I get home, V calls me. I tell her to fuck off, I don't want to talk to her. She insists and I accept the call. She starts to talk about how drunk she was and that she didn't want to do this again. As I am a fool, I go soft and forgive her.

Third and final night, the night of chaos. Me and P went to a birthday party of a friend of ours, and V was there. Of course, when I got there, she was kind of drunk already, and I get pissed because V drunk is really annoying. The party goes on, we are in a circle talking and a friend of mine, whose name is F, is by my side. V comes in and says this to F: Oh P, you are so funny. Everyone is chocked, they look at her, then they look at me obviously, and I just ignore it because she is clearly drunk. The night goes on, our ride is coming by now, P is by my side. V then proceeds to say the exact words: Oh P, I really need to kiss you right now let's go please. P then is hesistant, but still gets carried by her hand, and I watch as they go into a dark corner... I am then completely devastated, my stomach starts to hurt and I get dizzy, my friends and even V's best friend started all to say nice things to me. The worst part is that after 5 full minutes they get out of the corner and P gets in the car with me. Complete and akward silence on the way home. This was in a friday. The next monday, V comes apologizing, she acnoledges her mistake and all. Then, she gives me a ultimatum, because both me and her were tired of this situation: Or I just let it all pass, let her kiss P and try to forget her orr we wouldn't talk anymore so that I forget my feelings about her. Of course I go with the second option, I just couldn't stand watching them together, so I go away from her. Quaratine came in and I still haven't forgot her. It's been six months. She text now and then to see if I forgot her, and I tell her that no, it is too hard and she apologizes. 

Now fellas, I have indeed been hitting on other girls, but she is truly unforgettable. There are friends of mine that tell to just stop being a little bitch and just forget her already and move on, there are people that understand my side, I have been considering calling her and ending our previous deal... What do you guys think about the whole story?