Need some advice on family stuff For as long as I can remember I’ve never been the favorite child. I’m 13, my brother is 16. I know this sounds dumb to complain about, but honestly everyday for 13 years gets to you.

I’m still treated well, (mainly from my mom :/) but my dad absolutely is nicer to my brother.  My supposed bed time is 10:30, which doesn’t make any sense because I get up at 9 for school so apparently I need 11 hours of sleep. 

Anyway, here are the list of “offenses”

From when I was really little, I can remember waiting to play on the Xbox with my dad, but he was busy playing with my brother. I would ask when we could play and he’d say “soon”. He’d make me wait for hours until it was time to go to bed, and me being an innocent little kid asked at bedtime “when are we going to play”. I don’t remember what he answered, but obviously nothing noteworthy.

He’s always had a history of getting really mad at me, and while I am more vocal than my brother it still doesn’t line up. For example, if I would speak to loud while he’s watching a movie (yes) he’d probably get mad at me and say some dumb shit like “I’m trying to watch a movie!!”. 

More recently, when “bed times” come into the mix, he’s a giant douchebag. My bed time is 10:30, my brothers is 11:30. I stay up to 11:30, I’m a war criminal. He gets mad at me and says what’s your excuse this time” (I was up late yesterday because I was waiting for the hot water so I could take a shower). Yet not even a week ago, my brother was up until 1 am and my dad never said a thing. When my dad caught my brother doing homework at 1 am, he just said “keep up the good work”. If I did homework that late, he’d say “do it before playing games”. (my brother played games before his homework)

I’m not sure if I’m explaining my situation in the most clear way, but it’s so annoying. I’ve even tried telling him that I think he’s being unfair, and he says the typical “I love you both the same” bullshit. My dad grew up without a dad, but honestly I’m starting to think he’s the lucky one here.

Any advice on what to do? It’s going to be a long 5 years...