Do I go for it? EDIT: I'm making an update tomorrow.


Basically, a new girl came to my class yesterday. She's english and she doesn't know any spanish (I live in Spain), so she needs some help with the language. Casually, the only empty chair was at my right, so she sat next to me. Everyone was being so nice to her and talking with her, my introvert ass was just sitting next to her and just watching all of them socialise. This sounds rude, but I didn't talked to her on the whole day. When I arrived home, I promised to myself to not be a dick and to talk to her tomorrow (today). The day arrived. I'm a person of saying but not doing, we could say that I was waiting for the correct time to come, I was thinking of the correct moment to talk with her. Something happened when History period came. She's new so she doesn't have any books, my teacher said to share my book to her (as I was the most near to her), I was really anxious, instead of sitting next to her, I tried to put the book in her table and just read from my chair. The teacher didn't liked that, she thought I couldn't see the book. My biggest fear came true, I was obligated to sit next to her... I was uncomfortable, there wasn't any problem, I was just being anxious. The teacher told me to sort of traduce for her, I did. Then I sort of starting talking a bit, just traducing. Then the class entered on a debate, they were discussing why was the Nile river considered a god. So, I traduced all of it to her, and I started to feel a bit comfortable. Then we needed to start doing a little research of the god, and I now started to chat and drop some little comments. For example, commenting why the hell the god was a jacked off crocodile with nipples (made her laugh). Then I made her laugh twice again and I talked more with her. When the period was over, no more interaction was made with her, but during Math, the girls behind me gave me a paper, confused I opened the paper and discover that they gave me her Insta (really kind ladies). I was wondering, do I try to talk more with her? All my friends are fighting over her (they haven't even talk with her), but as I'm one of the more talented on english skills and also had talked with her, I think I have a bit of opportunities. Do I talk more with her tomorrow? I tried to text her, but I had a really busy day. So, do I talk with her tomorrow in class?