I met up with my crush after not seeing her for 3 years. Kind of a long story but it’s about an event that was so important to me. I know these posts about crushes are really common but I can’t help but share. Me and my crush were in the same class in 5th through 6th grade. We both liked each other a lot and we knew we liked eachother but nothing really substantial happened between us because we were so shy and people pressured us into starting a relationship so much, even the teacher a little (I know wtf). We ended up meeting a few times after school in 6th grade to get ice cream or something together. And we didn’t talk to each other at all during it and it was so awkward. Eventually later in the year she texted me telling me she wanted to break up which I was completely fine with at that point. This was all over 3 years ago. 

I the past 3 years I haven’t done anything with any other girls because I remembered how awkward it was seeing a girl outside of school in 6th grade. I hated it so much. Even though I still liked her. Until about a month ago when that same girl from 6th grade added me on Snapchat. We were sending each other snaps back and forth for a month. Which I didn’t think much of because she was very popular and probably does it with several other people.

And then a few nights ago I was hanging out with my friend at the local elementary school at night (that’s where we always meet because it’s a convenient location) and I sent her a snap from there. And she recognized where it was because that’s where we went to school in 6th grade. And she sent me a picture from outside in town just a little bit down the road. And she said she snuck out of her house and couldn’t go back in until her mom was asleep. My friend was reading these snaps with me and he convinced me to ask her to hangout right now. After him convincing me like for 10 minutes I finally did it. And to my surprise she said yes and told me she would meet me at the school.

So at that point I was so nervous. I was freaking out so much I couldn’t believe it. I was running through every possible thing that could go wrong. I imagined she would come with a group of friends meaning she didn’t care about me specifically. Or it would be really awkward and quiet like in 6th grade. I thought she might just think I wanted to be friends with her and I would end up embarrassing myself. I kept thinking she didn’t care as much about this as I did and she thought it would just be a one time thing. My own brain was just bombarding me with these horrible thoughts. I had never reacted to a social interaction like that before. I expected I would just be too nervous to talk to her at all because it took me like 5 minutes to think of a response when I was talking to her online.

And then after five minutes of waiting with these bad thoughts she showed up. Just by herself. And when we saw each other I couldn’t believe what was happening. We just had the most natural and mutual reaction to seeing each other. We were both just looking at each other and smiling and giggling. And I said the first thing which was something like,”Oh my god I haven’t t seen you in so long.” I couldn’t help but smile so much when I was talking to her and she was doing the exact same. And we just started talking naturally and I wasn’t even thinking about it at all. I couldn’t believe it. It’s like the words were coming out of my mouth and I didn’t even have to think at all. It was incredible. 

After talking for a while well we were standing outside she suggested we sit down and I took her to the vestibule of the school because it was only like 30 degrees out. And then we talked in there for like 30 minutes. We talked about very basic stuff like school and what not. I brought up how everyone even the teacher pressured us in 6th grade and she completely agreed. Anytime there was a break in the conversation we would just look at each other deep in the eyes and smile for like 5 seconds. She lead the conversation mainly because she is way better at social interactions than me. We were both giggling and smiling so much just by looking at each other. I was still very nervous and she could tell. She told me I seemed nervous and I just admitted to it. And then she said she was nervous too. 

Eventually she wanted to go home so I walked home with her. I gave her my jacket for the walk home. And it was so cute. She kept telling me it was fine and I’ll be too cold since I only had a      t -shirt underneath. But I told her it was nothing and I put my arm around her and pulled her in close to me for a few seconds. I have no idea if that’s a really awkward move because that was like my first time making a physical move on a girl. But it felt very natural and I didn’t even think about it before hand, I just did it. 

When we got to her house she told me she wanted to get together again and I agreed with her. I was planning on telling her that but she said it before me. 

I was in  complete disbelief of how well it went. I’m pretty certain she likes me as more than a friend at this point. But I’m not completely sure because I know absolutely nothing about girls. I’m still worried she doesn’t feel exactly the same about me. God she was more beautiful then I ever remembered it was such a wonderful experience. The weird part is the night before that happened I had a very vivid dream of us being together and walking together and holding hands. Thanks to anyone who actual read all of this.