I need to rant real quick (thank you to those in new who give this post your time) (Warning: Kinda long, self hate, mild depression)

It used to be that some days I felt as though I just exist and that there is no point to it all, as of recent, those thoughts have been constant.

I don't do anything with my life, I just sit on the computer and do schoolwork, and watch YouTube. When I do go out, it's either to get canned coffee, or make smart bets at the skate park/during a sporting event with my family and earn a few bucks every now and then.

the only people I talk to are my parents, and my brothers. One of which is a complete asshole, and the other is always screaming because he's a brat, and refuses to have anything not go his way.

I stay quiet most days, and scroll through reddit, slowly chipping away at my workload, all the while, my brother is getting visits from all of his friends every FUCKING DAY WHILE I BARELY GET 2 TEXTS/DISCORD DMS IN 2 MONTHS!!!

I think I might be going off the deep end and just become a lunatic one of these days. life sucks. I have everything I could want, which is nice, and I'm about to be able to drive. but what does all of that matter if I'm never happy, and I wont have anywhere to go. All of my "friends" treat me like shit, and are really my brothers friends, and I'm just kinda there.

you know the meme where some guy says a banger joke, but nobody laughs, so he says it again, and his buddy says "why'd you just say the same thing twice"? that's every conversation when I'm hanging out with them (my "friends").

the worst part about those 2 texts in 2 months was that one of them, from somebody I really do consider a friend, was them asking me to follow one of her friends on twitch, and when I try to get a conversation going, they go offline. the other text was from someone else saying "sorry, I forgot my password lol" and the same thing happened.

I used to have a bunch of friends, but then my dog cunt of a brother gets them to hate me, and start hanging out with him. 

I am convinced that I cannot get anyone to be friends with me for an extended period of time, and some days I wonder if I should even try to get up. I don't have anywhere to go since I'm doing online school full time, and nobody seems to care about me, not even my parents, they only seem to care about me when I fuck up, or if my grades are fine.

I cant even express if I'm annoyed at something where I live. if I so much as sigh the wrong way, my parents start saying that I have nothing to be angry or sad about, but sometimes, someone just maybe, oh I don't know, FEELS SAD?!?!

sometimes I'll get a buzz from my phone in my pocket and I get excited, but then I look and its some bullshit about a new deal on sweat coin, or a bot text from tony hawk, and sometimes maybe an @ everyone on discord.

so far the only good thing that has happened is I found a relatively cheap gym, and now I'm going there to hopefully get better when it comes to managing my weight, but it seems like I'm destined to be a disgusting fatass.

thanks for reading this, I just am in a bad spot mentally and I don't want to burden people that I see every day with these thoughts. I'm sorry if I upset you, and I hope I didn't put a bad twist on your day, or make the start of your day sad.