HOOOOOOOOLY FRICK I JUST STEALTHED BACK UP TO MY ROOM WHILE MY MOM WAS AWAKE BUT ALSO PEED IN MY UNDERWEAR So, lemme start with a basic layout of the house. My computer is in the basement, my mom sleeps on the living room couch, and my room is on the second floor. The stairs that go from floor to floor are right next to where my mom sleeps.

I was on my computer in the basement playing a game that didn't end till 3 AM, when my bedtime was 2 AM. I turn off the lights when it hits 1:30 so if my mom looks at the door, she can tell I'm not awake. The game finishes at three and I shut everything off. But the moment I do that, I hear my mom get up to go to the bathroom from above me. I realize I lost my shot to go upstairs seamlessly. Also, I suddenly really had to pee.

My first thought was. Oh god oh heck oh frick. I NEED TO PEE. So, I began devising a plan to get to my room, where there is a bathroom. I first thought to wait a couple minutes to hopefully hear her snore. As I'm waiting, I try to think of a safety net/excuse to lighten the blow. I strip to my underwear, so that if I were caught, I might have a slim chance of explaing that I couldn't fall asleep, and I was getting a drink or something.

10 minutes pass, no snoring. I hear her shift on the couch again.

I really need to pee, at this point it's go now or die.

I begin heading up the stairs, and as I hit the 3rd to last step. I hear a couple of drops of liquid hit the carpeted stairs. Thankfully, it really was only a couple drops. I look to see with my phone light that my underwear is now streaked with urine. Cool, deal with that later.

I continue heading up the stairs and I finally reach the same room my mom is sleeping. I need to pee now. I quickly, yet quietly walk to the bathroom that my mom just used (which is right next to the living room) and relieve the urge that has been there for so long.

At this point, I think I screwed myself. There is now way she didn't hear me go to/in the bathroom. I wait a couple min and decide to just go. I walk past her as quiet as possible. Quickly crouch and climb the stairs on all fours (the stairs that go upstairs have a 3 foot wall of one side that block her vision) and finally get to the second floor. I see my room. I pretty much made it. I walk to my room silently, and successfully make it without her noticing.

Now I wait till morning to see if she really didn't notice.