DEAR FELLOW TEENS, PLEASE READ THIS, THIS IS IMPORTANT! Today my phone got stolen, but that's not the important part, what's important is how to prevent it from happening to you! 

(Scroll down to get straight to the point, I'll now be telling some backstory which also doubles as a rant)

Today I went to Amsterdam with a friend of mine, eventually, as we both headed home and had split our ways I decided to get and eat a slice of pizza before biking home, which is a good 45 mins worth of cycling. Because I'm not that familiar with Amsterdam I wanted to be sure I was headed the right way. 

I parked my bike next to me and sat down on a picnic table, as I was getting ready to open my maps app I looked up, and it seemed like this dude was in front of me out of nowhere. 

He politely asked ''Ma'am, may I ask a question?" out of mutual respect I removed my headphones (Still holding onto my phone with my other hand) 

The bastard then reaches his arms out to grab my phone, I was able to get a better grip for a while, but to no avail. His bastard friend said something hesitantly, but the main thief did not listen, instead, I had to look the fucker in the eyes as he overpowered me and took my phone away. I swear, his stare seemed gnarly, I'd never seen one like that, ever. As if I was face to face with a husk. Before I knew it they ran off and turned the corner. 

What just happened? 2 humans ((?) -were they though?) yoinked my phone and ran off within a span of 45 seconds. I was in complete shock, it all just passed so quickly and those fuckwits now gained extra cash, which quite frankly is absolutely disgusting. They really do not deserve a single fuckin' penny. I do however know what their address might be since they turned on my phone. We told the police, and they said there's nothing they could do.

(stop scrolling!)

ANYWAY, THE POINT I AM TRYING TO MAKE: Whenever a stranger walks up to you, ALWAYS make sure to put your valuables away first, or at least out of their reach. THEN, and ONLY THEN start focussing on the stranger.

&amp;#x200B;

Excuse my profanity by the way.