I don't know what to do or how to handle this honestly. So I was talking to this girl for like 2 months(I come off as very cool and collected but I get really insecure when faced with trying to advance with a girl) and I really liked her.

she was like, perfectly my type. her personality is very similar to mine except she knows how to process emotion, shes slightly less stupid and has 3x the amount of common sense, and she's a hugger (Touch starvation isn't cool) lmao. Personally, I'm not very picky when it comes to their body but this girl has what I would consider my ideal body type. shes 5'3(As we all know at this point short girls are elite), and has a fit build(Idk how else to explain it) 

We would text for hours every day, and we FaceTimed a few times. Our parents are also very similar and she said in the past she has been grounded randomly and recently she just stopped responding to my texts. Honestly idk if she just ghosted me or if she got grounded because she doesn't seem like the kind of person to just ghost somebody. 

That was like 3 weeks ago (I know what you are going to say "Just get over her" yeah I probably should) but I'm still just waiting to get a text from her. She was one of the only people who I felt comfortable talking to about my problems. 

The fun part is I have what most would call mommy issues which is pretty much because of a lack of a good maternal figure in my life. So I get very attached very fast, and I crave positive attention from women (She was a very positive person and I get very paranoid and insecure sometimes so ill be convinced I'm a bad person or something and she'd help me come out of the intrusive thoughts and paranoia, she would say she liked helping me through things like that and whenever I would thank her or apologize for tweaking out and her helping me she would always tell me not to apologize and that there was no need to thank her. so I could assume I wasn't just draining her because of all that but who knows).

 I usually force myself to not get attached to anyone out of fear of being hurt but I felt like this girl was someone I could seriously go for. So I let myself get closer to her than I really ever let myself get with anyone else and now she's just kinda was gone. It really sucks because I was actually thinking about telling her that I liked her, which is something I NEVER do.

Idk some advice or something would be nice but it is what it is.

TLDR: Got attached to my ideal girl and she ghosted me weeks ago and I can't really get over her.