So this girl I liked turned out to be lesbian and I’m frustrated rn I’m just devastated. I’m not gonna share too much of my personal business since it’s possible someone I know can find this out 😬 but I don’t know what to do.  To provide some context here’s what our relationship is like. Around the age of 7 I moved in with my uncle because of my parents which I won’t go into detail about. She was a neighbor so I guess u can call her a childhood friend. We went to the park together, went to amusement parks arcades and even 2 vacations. One to the Grand Canyon and the other to Las Vegas. The Las Vegas one was a little over a year ago before covid. At that time we were 16 and now I am 16 and she is 17. A few months older than me. As you can tell we are extremely close and during COVID we hung out a lot on our own. I’ve been wanting to tell her how I feel but I have always been too embarrassed and scared of rejection. I don’t mind her rejecting me as long as we can still be close friends, I’m cool with that. But I still have my doubts that she will feel the same. I hate when ppl break up as friends after a confession, its so easy to just forget and move on but I know that’s not the case. So (I’m gonna make up a place for the sake of privacy) we go to Bobs burgers a week and a half ago and not many people are there since it’s early in the morning. We order 2 double cheeseburgers and sit at the back of the restaurant. As we are talking she looks unnaturally nervous which is very out of the ordinary. I ask her to let loose and tell me what’s been bothering her. I don’t like seeing her like that. She tells me that she has been struggling with her identity for a while. This is what made my heart sank because as you know I have a huge crush on her. “How do you feel about it?” I ask her? I’m not good in serious situations like this and I never know the right thing to say... She then tells me that she thinks she is gay. That for the past couple months she has been looking at girls more and more and guys aren’t doing it for her. I say “Well you haven’t been with a guy before as far as I know so maybe you are lesbian. Makes since to me since you know, you seem to like girls” Time goes on and she seems to agree. The next day she calls me and we have an hour long talk about how she feels lesbian is the right term for her and that she is confident in her choice. So there it is, she is gay. I tell her in happy for her and we have fun talking for a bit more but after we hang up I start panicking a bit. I really love her and I’m happy but I thought we were a great match. I haven’t talked to any other girls since a bit after the first time I encountered her at 7. (I wasn’t flirting at that age but I did like hanging with other girls since you know I wasn’t into the idea of a relationship at that time). I won’t be confronting her ever since I respect her choice but I can’t stop having short breaths when I’m around her. Guys plz any advice on moving on mentally? I can’t stop thinking about her and I refuse to date just for the sake of not to think about her. That’s not fair to the other girls. I just finished working on one of my final projects and so I had so much time to type this out. In sorry for this long story but plz I could use some support rn, even if it’s virtual.