I feel like most people saying “fortnite bad Minecraft good” just go with mob mentality and say it because others do... So I will actually say why “fortnite bad” and “Minecraft good”

EXHIBIT A: story

You can’t really put story into an FPS game unless it’s single player or it’s in a single player element of a multiplayer game. Fortnite save the world does this well, fortnite BR does not. All I know about the story is a cube became a lake, then it became an island, then there was a blizzard and then a volcano. Minecraft on the other hand doesn’t have an overly invasive story. Sure you can beat the ender dragon, which can be a story, but it’s optional, it doesn’t have to affect you, and the story itself is good because, well, it can be single player, like I said earlier.

EXHIBIT B: content

This is again about overly invasive things in fortnite and perfect places for things in Minecraft. Not only can you play in earlier versions of Minecraft if you don’t like the later versions, but if you do like the later versions, you aren’t forced to go through all the new content. It’s not hard to find it but it’s not like you need to be involved with it when you find it. Fortnite on the other hand, adds content which gives major advantages, but removes them weeks later. The meta changes constantly, nearly no features are left unmodified, and it’s just too hard as a new player to be interested.

EXHIBIT C: community

The players of fortnite suck ass, I’ll just get it out now. They are pretty much as toxic as a game of tf2(from what I’ve heard they can get pretty toxic, never played tf2 myself tho) or the chat in the hypixel prototype lobby when skyblock goes down for maintenance only allowing ranked players in(not relevant to the whole Minecraft topic rn). Not only are players of fortnite mean to their teammates in squads or duos, but they also humiliate their teammates over the smallest mistakes while they themselves make massive ones, thus being a massive hypocrite. Minecraft only has these aspects about 2.5% of the time as opposed to fortnite’s percentage which is closer to 50%. Minecraft also has a good aspect of it, that being that you don’t just meet someone, talk to them once, and forget them, you’ll most likely see someone again and again because many servers aren’t as large as they first appear, and if you really click with someone, some servers have a friending feature. Fortnite has this too but it is much less likely that you’ll make friends over it, so near nobody in fortnite will be on your friend list other than irl friends.

Thank you for coming to my ted talk