For all of you who are wanting to talk to a girl/guy you like, or just get know more people but you think you are too introverted I want to give some advice. I myself am an extrovert sometimes and an introvert sometimes, it depends on the people I am around, so I understand what it is like to be introverted. I am going to talk to a girl I don’t have any classes with tomorrow, which is very nerve racking on the introverted side of me and makes me get some extreme anxiety because I find attraction in this girl as well. To give an example of what to do when talking to new people you need to...

1: Push yourself beyond your limits that you think you have. This can really go for anything, but in this case you need to open up and start talking to people instead of worrying what they think about you. You should have nothing to worry about because if they judge you by your looks before or after you talk to them they are bad people, and you dodges a bullet. 

2: Engage in conversation with the person you want to talk to. To start off you can go two ways you can either start talking to them in a group of people if you have mutual friends in there of course, or you need to find a time that they are alone and you can get like a one minute conversation out of them at minimum. 

2a: If you go for the method of them being alone this is my preferred choice because I think it is easier to start a conversation with them. The great thing about this option is that you get to choose when you want to talk to them it can be walking down the hallway, in the lunch line, outside, in a class if you have free time, or whenever you feel like it. To start the conversation with them you need to walk up to them and introduce yourself and ask their name, but if you already know it you can compliment them in a low key way. For example you could say: Hey so and so, I like your shoes. They would then probably say something along the lines of thank you and after that you can start talking to them.

2b: This method is trickier because you once again have to kinda get them alone/isolated from the group a little bit. You can start be getting closer and closer to them then greeting, complimenting, or asking them a question about themselves. They will then reflect this question back at you and boom! You have engaged in conversation with that person this also goes for 2a.

2c: This one is a bit odd in my opinion, but if you can get a friend to give you their number you can start talking with them over text and then transition into real life. All the things you can do in real life/ 2a and 2b can be applied to text.

3: Once you have started talking to this person you can then go talk to them the next day or whenever you feel like it. From there you can learn more about them and get their phone number so you  can start talking more.

4: If you are looking for a relationship with this person than you need to start flirting with them either in person or over text and see how they respond to it. Do this for sometime before you finally ask  the person out.

I hoped this helped some people out there who are looking to meet someone new. If you think you are too introverted for this you will not get very far in life, but you can also push yourself to the limits and try to make it farther. Thanks for coming to my ted talk.