Is this normal? so....  lets say there was a girl and i really really liked her but a few weeks before i actually wanted to say it she just comes to me with a big great crazy secret... the secret is that she likes girls more than guys and that she maybe now has a girlfriend but she isnt sure and asks me for advice... i just laugh it of and try my hardest to forget about it

a year and something later there is another girl that was just so amazing so i just you know started talking eith her than going out and things as you can see i am very very slow with these things but i just dont wanna rush it you know... anyways a single freaking day before i plan on giving it a shot 
she just straight up tells me a secret and that secret is that she has a girlfriend she met online this time a laugh and cry inside a lot more but mostly laugh out loud because everyone knows me as that cheery funny always happy guy 

after 2 years i started going to a little amateur theater (or how do you say it sorry english is not my first language) technicaly became an actor but not really... all is going good and well for a long time so i try giving another shot to dating 

for a few months we were very very slowly growing closer to being every week at least twice somewhere out and talked about everything and because of my absolute lack of experience i was conviced this is the girl for me... one day we go to a beautiful place in the nature close to the town she lives at and i just couldnt resist and told her ...it was amazing the best day of my life even maybe i dont know ...until i said it  you see because i never really had any kind of romance ever i had no idea what to do after i said it... but it wasnt that bad she said she needs to think about it... then some time later i am somewhere with her and some friend of hers and i hear:(sorry for bad translation here)
the girl: so i tried sushi yesterday 
her friend: without me??
the girl: sorry it was with (some girls name)
they look at each other ... then the girl looks at me and her friend also looks at me and smiles and i go "Oh, OH, oh no"
yeah that girl she talked about was her girlfriend (of like 3 days) and she didnt want to tell me because she would feel bad

and now i just think to myself... what the fuck ..why the fuck and why is it so funny and so sad

anyways thank you for reading it have good time...