Pressured Into A Relationship (Rant) About 5 years ago in high school  There was this guy I knew since kindergarten We bonded over our love for video games However as we grew older he got a crush on me. In high school he became much more vocal about asking me into a relationship I politely declined and said I'd rather just keep the friendship we have but he was persistent 

He would ask I would say no, he would wait and ask again Senior year he asks again This time im 17 and dated no one at this point. I relented and gave him a shot

I immediately did not like it He became very invasive of my personal space, everything felt like it was moving to fast, and I was not ready and I just could not force myself to reciprocate the same feelings 

We never did anything intimate not even kiss he just became very hansy I tried to tell him to take it slow but he just continued to pressure his way on what he wanted to do I felt trapped and extremely uncomfortable but I have a bad habit of being a pushover

I ended it after 3 weeks However the rejection went awful He at first wanted to talk it out at school but I needed some space and did not want our friends to get involved.

After some days passed he proceed to give me a gift that was the N64 gaming console I  had given him for his birthday and with it a nasty single spaced  one page paper basically saying how its all my fault how awful I am and the line that drove me into a rage was when he stated how I am worse then my alcoholic father I know I was avoiding him at the time, but I was not doing anything else to fuel this kind of behavior. I never spoke ill of him and I never asked for the console back he could have kept it and I'd be fine with that

My dad is probably a main reason why I was not ok for a relationship because of how he treats me my sister and mom My dad made my childhood miserable and at the time I did not realize how depressed I was in high school. He crossed a hard line he had no business saying that when he had no idea what I go through at home He was just being spiteful and purposefully being cruel 

I avoided speaking with him and demanded an apology He did apologize later at the end of the year and I forgave him. I did reach out after some years past, but he asked again. 

I realized I could never be in his life I came to the realization that maybe he never wanted to be friends I think he just stuck around in the hope of having a relationship and was to immature to actually say that

Here is where I think I might be an a-hole. I do feel like I played with his feelings and if I had not said yes this whole thing probably could of been avoided, or I could have handled the situation better. I can be a really oblivious and dense woman so my intention was never to lead him on, but I felt like I did due to my naive personality. I felt like i should have been more aware of how things could have been emotionally perceived. However basic kindness is not flirtation either

I tried posting this in AITA but it got removed and was not sure where to put this story.