Honestly I'm not one who usually makes these kinds of post, and some of ya'll might disagree so HOT TAKE HELLA RANT COMING UP

I don't like to talk about my childhood or my past pretty much, cause I like to leave it behind me. But to give a very vague summary, It wasn't great. I grew up without a home, had a broken family, and struggled quite a bit in school because of that alongside mental illnesses. I truly believed from the age of 12-14 that my future was either me becoming some stripper/prostitute, or being 6 feet under. Because I saw no options for me. and I KNOW someone out there reading this can somewhat relate. I know someone out there has a mental illness or life situation that makes it hard to picture a future where your life isn't complete shit. 

and none of this is my fault, and its not your fault either, its just unfortunate life circumstances that put us in these situations. 

That being said, and here is the controversial statement

I was, and still am so sick of people with savior complexes trying to lift their ego's up on "saving me" when really they don't give a shit. This does not apply to people who genuinely love and care for peoples well being, like you KNOW yourself and you know when you're being genuine. So this post does not apply to you. But I've had people use me for their own gain, to make themselves look like great people. I've had so many "Friends" make public post before saying "Look at how great of a person I am, because I am friends with this girl who went through all of this, and I am helping her" posting MY traumas to stroke their own dicks. Or even people who I've dated who would make their own statements or brag to their friends about dating someone like me. Had an exgirlfriend use that exact statement "SOMEONE LIKE ME"

To everyone in my life who has truly helped me, I love yall, and yall know who you are. But people who have been through it, we know when yall are faking it to feel good about yourself, we see right through it. 

Final note: If you are in a shitty situation right now and you see no bright future. I have so much faith and belief in you that you can fucking take this head on and win. You have a chance, and you can win this fight. And once you're out of that dark tunnel, know that its YOU who did it. YOU took that challenge head on and came out. Don't let no bitch try to make some dumbass instagram post saying "Look at what I did!" nah bitch, you did that. 

If you actually read this entire post btw, know that I love you sm. And I know some people are gonna be like "thats so rude of you to say someones an asshole for helping you" and its hard to explain but what these people are doing isn't help. They're milking my trauma for them to feel good and it ultimately makes me feel like shit.