I have burden to share with you guys, if you think it’s worth listening. It’s been a few months... Or heck, even a year or YEARS, if I’m counting correctly, that my father been a bit of a... Manipulative... guy. 

So, why’s that? 

Basically, it all started in June of 2020. Things were already heating up between me and my father, no less my enitre country (Which is not the USA, by the way. ) suffering from depression due to a government-mandated “Movement Control Order”. Occasionally, I’d find something that I would get annoyed about, be it his manner of speech, or opinions, or his thought on the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, or a conspiracy theory he believes. Something would always get me upset.

Add to that my father’s constant, unpredictable mood swings. Every once-in-a-while or so, my father would either be EXTREMELY happy, or on the other wnd, mad over an issue that happened a few YEARS ago. I’m not going to lie when I say that I did and sometimes, DO still do it, but when my father had these mood swings, the other three-fourths of my family would either be very happy or vey teriffied of what had happened. I used to have a very good relationship with him, but it only because I resembled his personality very closely.

So, one day, my father invites the other 3-4ths of my family to our old home. My father stayed back to maintain our old home, and my mother decided to move into a location close enough my sibling and I’s school, which meant I didn’t live my father for quite a period of time. At this time, we were also moving things from the old home that the other 3-4ths of my family, that being my mother and sibling, needed.

So, coming back to what I was saying. He invited us to our old home, and called a family meeting with us once we were there. In his paranoia, he talked and talked about how essential it was for my sibling and I to be independent, and dragged it on for a long time. 

Then, disaster struck. Just as well as he was talking about our future, he was also talking about my sibling and I to shelf our hobbies for a future he suggested would only involve part of it. Or in other words, he told us to not focus on our hobbies, and do what he would prepare for us. He would make my sibling and I businessmen, and we would only be able to focus on our hobby once we were “successful”.

That made me EXTREMELY mad, and that was because I envisioned the rest of my life to depend on that hobby. I just couldn’t stand the fact that he’d so carelessly dismiss it. What’s important to note was that I had a pretty BIG ego back then. It was one that stopped me from feeling anything. It made me careless, just as he. I was a mirror reflection of him for such a long time, that my mother and sibling joked about how similar we were, and I took it in like a COMPLIMENT.

But it wasn’t a compliment. It was a reminder of how unoriginal I became. And that all ended when I ego and narcissistic views decided to explode... At the worst moment.

So, in a stroke of anger, I angrily questioned him why he “called my hobby” stupid... Or redundant. I sort of forgot. His response defined how I would live, right up to now. 

He began to raise his voice in a more-than-unsettling fashion, and shouted at me for bringing that up. His voice shook me down like an American drill sergeant shouting at his Private. In the end?... I still had a tinge of that ego, but I decided to stay “unphased” for the moment. I actually was SERIOUSLY phased by what had happened, but I just didn’t want to show it.

After a whole day of feeling nothing but what I could describe was satanically-induced HATRED for my father, I broke. I cried the next day, and I continue to feel like everything was hopeless. Not only was that, but I had also tasked myself with learning how to be socialble and independent, things I hadn’t learned until the days which followed the incident. It weighed on me like boulders, and being as emotionally moody and as unintregrity-traited (AKA, I’m VERY, VERY, sensitive) (Emotionally) as my father, I just could not handle it. 

Eventually, by the end of the week, it was partially resolved.

But that incident had changed the way I saw him. For such a long time, I looked up to him a beacon and a mentor, since I was AS much of a person like him as he was. Now? I looked at his personality for the monstrosity that it was. I vowed that from that day onwards, I would NEVER try to be like him again. I charted a new path for myself, which was for me to become THE nicest person as I could humanly be. No, not nice as in “submissively nice”, but nice as in even the harshest no would be understood, and wouldn’t hurt anyone sort-of nice. I didn’t want to attack people for living how they do.

Then he attacked my mother for bringing me and my sibling up to dislike him. For a few months follwing that incident, things were as hard as they were back in June. Then my brother, too, for being “femanine”. I felt like my father had no right to criticize someone else for how they chose to live their life, and that made me very angry.

A few months, hospital incidents, and health crisises later, and my family had partially grown out of it. 

My goal next? To change my father. That worked for a few months, before he had the occasional set back. That came either from the wicked parts of me refusing to go away, or himself, whose past I believed tortured him.

Then, after all the drama, the hardships, and all the things I faced has come this month. This month, my father criticised me for being myself. For trying to be nice to him, specifically to change him for as long as possibly five MONTHS and to only get that response, made me terribly angry. Once again, I showed my ego. Now? I’m forced to act the way he wants; cold-hearted, emotionless, and definitely not in the endearing way I’ve been with him. It’s taking a toll in my mental health, and I sometimes feel like I’m becoming even more suspectibly bi-polar because of it.

Yet despite that, he continues to weigh down on me excessively. I have never been very comfortable with him since June of 2020, going out, since I know something or someone (Either me, him, or his clients) would ruin the day.

Then, he also has this deep, mostly unshared, inner hated for his family. I don’t know who is at fault, but I do know that this hatred has molded him into the person he is today. Not to mentioned that I feel like he discriminates against everything I like, too.

I just want to be nice to people. I don’t want to be the person I was a year ago. Not anymore, Not ever. Yet, I still find myself going back to it, like I just CAN’T DO IT.

It’s all burdensome to me, really. I’ve been losing sleep over it. I’mmlosing my creativity over it. My future, I feel, is being jeopardized over it. All of this stuff about my father, then I myself.

I know my writing and proper grammar makes you think otherwise, but even when I’m burdened, I can’t help but write the way I always have. I’m sorry.