I need to share this it’s literally so funny to me and I can’t believe it Mobile warning!!

So I was watching greys anatomy last night (don’t judge lol) and for a little backstory my family’s account was hacked about a year ago and all our individual profiles and progress on everything disappeared, so I haven’t watched greys since because it’s a super long show and I didn’t know where I was in the series since progress was lost, so this was literally the first episode I watched since to find my place.

So anyway, I’m watching and like 10 minutes into the episode, there’s this minor character who had come in because his p*nis was swollen from sticking it in a hornets nest (gotta love tv writing). The beginning credits were still appearing on the screen a bit, but at that point it was the actor names of the people who were guests on the show, and one of them caught my eye as the scene played out with the patient, who looked very familiar btw. 

When that one credit popped up that caught my eye, I somehow knew it was for the hornet guy, and so I did a little research on him cause I do that a lot and I wanted to know where I had seen him before.

Get this: I had never seen him before, at least not consciously. Who I HAD seen was his BROTHER. Who’s his brother, you might ask? 

MY FREAKING GOVERNMENT TEACHER from senior year (I just graduated).

That’s right, hornet penis guy is the previously unknown (by me) brother of my history teacher from high school! I told my friends of this discovery, and none of them like me, knew he had a brother, or that he was an actor.

Besides this one awkward role, he’s been in a ton of movies with actual Hollywood people, and is friends with a ton of celebrities I know of, but the craziest part is I had no idea, and this one random Netflix watching led me to find out all this! It’s crazy how I just happened to watch that episode and see his name, and that he was my teacher’s brother, who lives halfway across the us from him and otherwise has no connection to him, other than being brothers.