kinda of a traumatic story so context: I sit in a special class every tuesday and friday where we have to plan and build stuff with building tools. (also English is my second language Dutch is my first is you're curious also phone)

So this happened last year

for my class we had to build a wooden train. So there were two boys let's call them nick and mike. mike was kinda annoyed because he couldn't draw on his papers to plan because nick was sawing wood. nick asked mike to move but mike is kinda the weird kid. Even though there were a lot of open places (including by me) but he refeused saying I was here first (even though the table was already used so kids can get their block of wood). it got really heated. so nick wanted to hit him with a saw (wait before you think he is a psychopath i talked to him and he said he wanted to hit him with the side of the saw and yes this is as stupid as you think. but it went very very VERY wrong) so he hit him with the saw but misjudge the hit and it went teeth on his neck and of course mike jumped and and by doing so he sawed his neck (saws are sharp af). I was sitting the table next to them (not used for sawing) screwing the wheels on my train, but the silence of shock ,you could probably hear a nail drop. The only thing you could only hear mike screaming of terror and the wound ( so much blood) on his neck it was like 20 centimeters (they had to stitch it). Screaming he ran out the class. I wasn't allowed to leave until class was over it was my last class and it was almost over so when I went out of the class the ambulance was already there. People where confused what happened so I informed them the last i saw from mike was him getting in the ambulance with a glance like he was a corpse (yes he's alive (i hope) and i didn't saw nick for like 2-3 months in the class. it was so popular it even was on the news (article in the comments or here. It's in dutch tho)

p.s I asked one of my teachers and she said that this was te first time this happened.

Also Mike moved to Romania this wasn't a reason. 

Also also in the time of COVlD. I had a group project with nick. I and another person (its was a 3 person project) did everything while he only had to do one thing he had 3 day to do it ( he didn't do it) i'm i was happy that my grade and the person got and good grade while nick got a low grade.