Can I get some privacy Dont read my history, my text messages, and most importantly MY DIARY. I KID  YOU NOT DON'T READ OTHER PEOPLE'S DIARY WITHOUT PERMISSION. My sister read it and my mom did. why do they think I try to hide it. My mom has had it for the past few days in her room. 

My school has a thing with 2 teams and 1 team goes to school on Mondays and Tuesdays the people on Turs-Fridays would have zooms on Mon-Tues and would stay home. I'm the unlucky one where my mom still makes me go to school on Monday-Tuesdays just to attend zooms. I already have been attending my zooms my mom said she signed me up for it  just so I will turn on my camera. I won't do that. But my point is I have to go to school all week while my sister gets to stay home half. I found out on the days where she is home and I'm not she would read my DIARY. Jeez like a year ago I was mad about something and wrote something about murdering family. Of course I'm not gonna do it I was just really mad that day. 

My sister said it randomly and I didn't think my mom would have a part in it so I told my mom to make my sister respect my privacy.  Next day, My sister is mumbling stuff like "you don't deserve anything because you wanna kill your family, Idiot, What stupid person would get so mad from games they would want to kill their family." I couldn't punch or slap her so I flicked her in the head. She burst out crying to my mom that I punched her. IT WAS MY FINGER HOW DID IT HURT LIKE A PUNCH.

Later that day I got a lecture on why I can't hit her which went like "No putting hands on other people, If I hear you beat her again I will know something ect." I talk back by saying "it was a flick not a punch" Of course I get another lecture. Later I had to got to the store alone with my mom. I didn't feel like talking. My mom tells me "your notebook fell from your bed and I don't like what you write in it." At that point I wanted to die. It was private and its obvious on the front of the notebook "DON'T READ IF YOUR NOT ME" and somehow it opens to the page about murder where I forgot to write the day. I swear she takes me as a idiot when it comes to logic. says " You want to kill me?" I say no   "why would you write that"  I was mad     "when did you write this a week ago or yesterday" I didn't get to talk because she kept cutting me off.

Over the month my mom has been crazy with not respecting my boundaries and privacy. She banned me from reading horror books and watching anime because "that's what gives me bad thoughts". What parents reads messages to their friends. History is one thing but messages to friend you could obviously tell it's my friend if I talk to nobody else. 

If your a parent reading this let you child have privacy I could not stress this enough everybody has secrets good or bad but you must respect that your child has stuff they won't tell you. If you know they won't tell you it isn't your place to try and finding out. This could hurt your relationship with your child if you don't try and reflect on your ways of being a parent and think "How would my child feel about this."

&amp;#x200B;

Too long to read- (idk how to shorten that) My mom and sister don't respect my privacy and read my diary. While my mom also read my History and text messages.