Im afraid of the things i like and now i dont know what to do.  Please tell me how do i snapp out of this please. Science and maths are my main interest in life, not any science in specific but science in general. Knowing were does things come from, how they work, what is everything made of and the way we interact with things gets lots and lots of my attention.

And knowing and understanding math used to made me feel like a god. It made me feel like even the most complex and apocaliptical problem had a solution in science somewhere, it always gave me hope.

But in the while past month something bizarre happended. Suddenly every science related topic started to give existencial dread. It started with large quantities and numbers. Like the amount of microtransistors modern technology uses. How many people are on earth right now. The amount of cocacolas ever sold. Thinking about it terrified me for no aparent reason. Then it extended to machines i recently learned how they work. Like analog televitions, cameras, computers, etc, and it catalyzed with day to day objebts i recently learned how they are made. The thing that for now scares me the most is astrology and enviroment related science. The mere idea of outer space terrifies me, and something about the enviroment that mades feel like we are all going to die. And it confirms in recent nightmares in having. I had one were me and my crush were kidnapped by aliens to do some kind of experiment. Apperantly they were planing to make her pregnant by an alien to held a half alien half human baby. And for some reason they needed some one in love of her to make the experiment worrk i dont remember exactly why. I other me and she were attacked by some sort of mutant chiken inside a abandon industrial barnyard. It was trying to made us suffer from the same pain that we humans made suffer him and his animal friends. With things like trying to put me in a male chiken only meat grinder, Cut us both with mechanical saws, Trap us in extremly tight cages, it tried to put my girl on a human milking machine he made, and it tried to cook us

What could be causing my science phobia' Please some one help me. Its making me hate the only interesting part about school besides my schoolmates antics and the sports.