Help me with my in person school problems plz 
Ok so I’m in 8th grade at a small catholic school that’s in person. It’s my last year at this school and we did student council elections and stuff last Friday. I wanted to go for vice but they were doing 2nd place for prez gets vice. So I ran for president against a couple of people, my friend Shea and my friend evie.(one of my really close friends but not exactly in my friend group, I low key have a gay crush on her but that’s kinda irrelevant lmao) I was kinda procrastinating with my speech but I came up with the idea of Chick-fil-A day.(once a month we get Chick-fil-A and sell it for a little extra.) Food usually gets you votes at my school haha. So it was the day of the speeches and elections and we were talking to a camera that live-streamed to the whole school. I finished my speech and it was pretty short and to the point expressing my ideas. Then Shea goes, his speech was a little long but my mom liked that he talked about his faith. He promised “COVID care packages” with candy and stuff. Then evie goes and her speech was also long and she talked about her dad being proud of her for running and starting up more charity events. A couple other people ran but they were kinda irrelevant. I wasn’t even expecting VP I thought evie was gonna win. But that afternoon they announced that I won and shea was my vice. I was really happy and my family was surprised because they all thought I would lose. That night evie had a sleepover with kelly( one of my best friends from when I was younger but all my friends started hating her and I think she hates me because my mom went psychotic on her mom for having a birthday party for her brother with over 40 people.) anyway this Monday I went into school and william and Shea kept implying that I bribed everyone into voting me. ( Shea and willam are kinda my friends but they mostly hang with evie.) I was like “haha weird but just jokes so it’s cool.” Then I went out to recess and saw evie I talked to her she was kinda cold and made a joke about how I bribed everyone and I was like ok. Then the game started and she didn’t talk to me at all. So the next day I asked Kelly if evie was mad at me and she was like “ she’s not mad at you she just thinks she played by the rules and you didn’t.” (On the student council packet it said no bribing but it meant no giving out candy or money) since all this she’s been really cold to me not looking me in the eyes and everything. it’s now Thursday and I’ve been told she’s mad at me, she’s not mad at me and she’s mad people keep asking her if she’s mad. So um help? I want my friend back! :( 
TLDR: I think my friend/kinda crush is mad at me and thinks I bribed everyone into electing me as president. ( I kinda did ngl, I proposed a Chick-fil-A day lmao) I love her and I don’t know what to do but people have been saying she is annoyed at everyone asking if she’s mad. HELP I’m begging u