What do I do guys Alternative title: Truly fucking broken

_Sorry it's long_


My gf and I broke up last monday. We had a relationship of over a year. It was fucking perfect. And I don't feel like it ever will be again, eventhough we decided to stay friends.

The reason we broke up is because she lost her feelings for me. It hurts so fucking bad, guys. This girl has literally been the reason of my happiness over the last year. We were so fucking close. I've literally farted IN her ass, thats how comfortable we were around eachother. And now it's just gone. It just sucks so, so, so fucking much. I still love her to death :/ 

We met today for the first time since we broke up. She was feeling lonely because her parents were gone for the weekend and she was home alone. I came over before I headed to work. It felt so trusted and yet so different and strange. I was so confused, still am. We had so much fun, even playfighting, but it was just different. All of a sudden there were boundaries, but I didn't know them? I was poking her leg because she was poking mine, and she said: hey dont touch my ass! (In a funny way) I said it was her leg I touched. And then I wanted to slap her ass and say "this is your ass", but I fucking couldn't?? I didn't do it because I know it was no longer something I could do, but it just felt so FUCKING WEIRD. 

We still hang out, we still videocall, we still have fun together, we still compliment and support eachother, we're still eachothers venting points, but she just doesn't love me anymore?? THEN WHY DOES SHE WANT TO SEE ME. WHY DOES SHE TELL ME SHE DOUBTED HER DECISION AFTER SHE READ THE LETTER I HAD SENT HER BUT NOW ITS ALREADY DONE. WHY DOES SHE STILL TRY TO MAKE ME LAUGH. WHY DOES SHE STILL CARE ABOUT MY WELLBEING SO MUCH. WHY, THE FUCK, ARE WE TEXTING, MOOORRREE, THEN WE USED TO???!! WHY. WHY ARE WE STAYING EXCLUSIVE TO EACHOTHER WHEN WERE NOT EVEN DOING ANYTHING. FUUUCK.

It doesn't make sense guys. I just don't get it. And I don't want to bring it up to her because it's going to ruin our friendship. I can't have fun with her, because when we do, I want to hug her, I want to tell her how much I love her and what she means to me. Tell her how much I love how funny she is and how perfect she is. She's fucking gorgeous and I can't tell her anymore all of a sudden. We always used to lay in bed together and watch TikTok. I fucking hate TikTok. But I loved it with her for some reason. We watched TikTok today too, sitting besides eachother. Not even an arm around here, because that's "weird". What? Weird? We just spent over a year practically living our lives together, and now I can't even put my arm around you? (This is just what I'm thinking, didn't actually say this) Fuck it I'm gonna stop writing this because everytime I think about what I want to write it just fucks me up and I lose it and then it comes back and fuck this.

I don't know what to do guys :// I tell her everything, and she always helps. But now I can't tell her :/ I'm fucking broken and I want to just sleep forever. I'm so sad, frustrated, confused and sad again. I just want it to be like it was one week ago, when we were discussing our future together :/ I see her everywhere, and when I smell her parfume I just have a mini die and I break the fuck down. I can't get over her, I don't even want to begin having the slightest intention of getting over her. Not when everything is the same as it used to be, except for the part that made it so perfect, being one.

TL;DR: FUCK



For those who want to read just a little more:

We're going shopping together tomorrow. We're gonna have a drink and some food at a terrace. We going to drive Go-Karts with my brothers. She's coming over to eat dinner at my place, with my family. It confuses me so much, how can we be this close but not together, when together is all we've ever been?

Im going to fucking sleep guys, have been writing and semi- crying for over an hour. Hoping she falls in love with me again tomorrow :/ I know damn well she won't, but I just don't see how I can go about without her. 


Greetings, :(

sleep well dudes and other dudes