Update on my Corinna Kopf Situation I got clowned on every platform out there, I didn’t expect a lot of people to see it. It has gotten worse from then, as it was spreading around one of my friends somehow found it and he recognized my reddit username and then he texted me asking if it was true, I told him yes since I trusted him. He then posted it on his Instagram story and tagging me in it as a joke, I didn’t really pay attention to it since I don’t use Instagram as often, I then realized it 4 hours later that he tagged me in a post I then checked it out just to see a screenshot of my post and text saying “this u @(my username) 😂😂😂” I instantly texted him and told him to delete it, he did right after but it was already circulating around and half the girls in my class had already seen it. I was already embarrassed by it and people started private messaging me making fun of me. It started getting worse and worse and getting sent into different class groups luckily the teachers never saw it but it was sent to 4 class groups ( with only students in it btw) and it could’ve been more. Since I had just started high school in 2020, as well as my classmates, a lot of people didn’t know me since we only went to school for 3 months and that was a little bit of an advantage. But it didn’t stop the embarrassment. I knew it would get worse since our country government announced that schools should be opened on the 29th of January which was a week after everything happened. I thought everybody would’ve forgotten about this but I was wrong. When I went to school on Friday people were now mocking me making fun of me and calling me the “Vlog Sqaud girl freak”, everywhere I would go people would call me that. I was so embarrassed even during class you would just see girls sending me letters saying “hi how is your vlog squad  girl addiction going” it was so cringe and it was embarrassing. I couldn’t focus in class like everyone else cause people were just mocking me during class. As I thought it wouldn’t get worse it did, when we started our physics class a girl threw a letter at me and the teacher saw it, she told us to come to the front to the front and read it out since she couldn’t get the paper cause we are still taking COVID precautions. She told me to read it out to everyone and I just said a random thing I was thinking of so the girl and I wouldn’t get into trouble and our parents called. She told me to leave the paper on the desk and she would want to speak with me on Monday which is tomorrow. And physics is our first period and I don’t know what to do. This was very embarrassing and people are still spamming me messages calling me “the fap master” and stuff. I will try my best to keep you updated and I hope this doesn’t get to my parents.