my 11yo sister gets bullied at school and i’m tryna get her to leave her bully-friends. help for context, my sister is 11 years old and has learning difficulties. 95% of the time she tries her hardest, in all subjects even out of school. she has a couple friends (i’ll be calling person a, b, c, etc,) who bully her (not often, and it’s more of an emotional thing) and my mum and i are tryna get her to leave her friends and find new ones. for example, today she wanted to hang out with a friend of hers (person z) but another friend of hers doesn’t like her, (person a) so she says “no let’s go play by ourselves. i don’t like her she’s not nice.” (total lie btw) and my sister goes “no, i want to play with her. (she said something else which might not be important but i’m not sure)” and then person a makes her feel bad for not playing with her by saying shit like “i really wanted to play with you”, “i had something really cool i wanted to do” (again, lies), etc. another story, it was a thursday and her class was doing geography, my sister says to her teacher “sorry sir i was at a piano lesson can you explain what to do?” and then person a butts in saying “no don’t worry! i can help you” i’m not sure what happened after this, i think she explained it too hard for her learning difficulties to understand, but then person a said “i’ll tell you on saturday” and then then saturday came, and what happened when my sister asks for help? she goes “i have other homework to do.” my poor sister then had no idea what to do for that whole weekend, she would’ve finished it and probably done good since i help her with her hw when i can, but she had no clue what to do. her friends basically take control of her and do shit like that and we’re really trying to help her. i know reddit, and probably this sub isn’t the best place to look, but i’m sure there’s some mature people on this sub who are somewhat good at dealing with these situations. what we want is just how to indirectly tell my sister how to find new friends and stop getting bullied.

btw, i don’t know much about her school life except this, in australia we only have primary school (reception, which is before year 1 to year 6) and high school (7-12) and i’m in 9th grade she’s in 6th, her last year.