Stop watching porn and beating off. Stop watching porn and beating off.  A lot of us guys have zero self confidence because all we've done since ,6th grade is watch porn and jerk off. We think that what we see in these porn videos reflects the reality of sex. So here I will clear some misconception and offer great advice in which ur scrawny ass will get buff, and get the bitches. So here goes. 

Stop watching porn. 
Just stop. It's not helping your mental health, and definitely won't help you with the ladies. If u watch porn for pointers like that, you're looking in the wrong places for advice. 

What u see in porn isn't real life. 
No normal guys don't have 15 inch dicks. Right now. Most of us are developing and we see porn and think. Damm that guy has a horses cock. And you're right. HE DOES HAVE A HORSE DICK. And that's not alright. It may be ok for him. Cuz he's making porn and bigger is always better in porn. But when it comes to real relationships; ur girlfriend is probably thanking GOD  that you're only 6 inches. And that's fine. 

IF your girlfriend laughs at your 6 inch dick, then you are, more than likely, dating a whore. These chicks have zero remorse for you, they couldn't give a fuck about the positive / negative impacts on your life or family/friends. A lot the guys are going for the wrong type of girl. These girls have been so used to taking dick, that your normal sized dick provides them no pleasure; so #DontDateAwhore 


As days go by without porn and beating off,  And u see the changes in ur health x self confidence x ur dick will get bigger longer more powerful boners. You'll gain muscle more easily, and you'll feel ALPHA. 

 Now u keep going. 
 U work out. Not too heavily. But 15 minutes a day. Every day. 
Life some weights. U only need 10 pound dumbells. Remember. Ur in it for the long haul. And keeping a medium dumbells will allow u to get more mass in ur muscles. 

Eat right. 

Raw eggs. Don't listen to the bs TV has to say, they only wanna sell ur dad viagra. I'll tell u how u will *NEVER* HAVE TO USE VIAGRA EVER. The media doesn't want healthy Individuals. For infinite testosterone do the following. Trust me. I have nothing to gain if u eat right. 
 Wash the exterior of the shell with soap to prevent salmonella. The inside of the eggs is almost  always sterile, obviously u won't eat a green raw egg. Eat the yolk

If ur trying to gain muscle
Egg whites is for pussies. Eat the yellow yolk part. Raw. Eat 4 to 6 raw egg yolks every morning. 

If ur trying to lose weight. Drink a hot glass of water with lemon. Make sure it's real squeezed lemon or ur just gonna waste ur time. A full cup hot water with a quarter lemon squeezed. Every morning. This helps speed up your metabolism, makes your skin more beautiful and restores testosterone.