Fellas, what should I do? About a year ago, I started dating this girl. We had been friends for a few months beforehand, so when she told me she liked me over the summer I was kind of surprised but I asked her out. We dated for almost a year after that, until around March/April (roughly the start of quarantine idk). I broke up with her then because I felt like in a lot of ways we were still kind of just friends, and maybe the whole quarantine thing was a good opportunity to just get a clean slate. We said that we would stay friends and I guess we kind of have, but I don’t really talk to her all that often because the friend group we were a part of was basically just her friends, and I felt like they were all “friends” with me at the time just because I was dating her. 
Since then, she’s started dating a guy from another school, and I was ok with it and happy for her that she had moved on and found someone else. While I haven’t moved on yet, I felt like I was pretty much over the whole thing myself until today. Last night I had a dream about her, which is weird since I usually don’t remember my dreams, but it got me thinking about her more and more. All the memories came back to me and I started thinking about how even though sometimes I felt dissatisfied with our relationship at times, she still made me so happy and I was glad to have someone like her who cared about me and liked me so deeply. I remember feeling so certain that breaking up with her was the right thing for both of us, but looking back now I can’t say things have gotten better for me since. 
Obviously though, I can’t and shouldn’t make a move. She seems really happy with her new boyfriend and it would be crazy of me to tell her how I feel. He’s a senior, and goes to a completely different school, so one way or another I know he’ll be gone in a year and if I still feel the same then I can always give it a chance once he’s gone. On the other hand, there is a girl in my current friend group who I’m pretty sure likes me, and while I’m in kind of a weird mindset right now, part of me feels like I should give her a chance, but I don’t want to possibly ruin the friendship we have. 
Sorry for the rant, but I don’t think anything has bothered me this much for a long time. Obviously it’s not a problem that’s going to fix itself anytime soon, but what do you guys think? Should I just try to get over her, if so how? Should I wait and try again? Or should I try my chances with someone else, and hope that I’ll get over her and be able to have a relationship with someone else? I have to say I feel really confused, I’ve never posted on this sub before and never really talked about this with anyone else yet. Am I being too hasty? I don’t know, but I welcome whatever advice you guys have for me.