Group Chats 'Roles' Just some background context: I'm a completely socially inept person, and the few friends I have would agree with that statement. And because of my lack of real life social skills, it usually shows over group chats and texts. So, after a few months of lurking in a GC with some friends, I've come to a conclusion. 

There are staple 'roles' that people are in a GC which are the following (some people fit into multiple roles):


The Activist: This person is the most active member of the GC. They are constantly messaging, trying to keep conversations alive or starting new ones. A lot of the time, this person can come off attention seeking, but this is usually just by accident. This varies from GC to GC, with one person being extremely active in one GC, but less in others. The Activist may seem desperate at times, both over text and IRL.


The Planner: This person is always trying to get everyone to meet up in person, and have fun together, face to face. These people are usually the people with the most social skills, and tend to attempt to start conversations and most of the time achieve it to some success.


The Memer: This person is the comedic genius of the group. They have great timing and know exactly when to enter a conversation to make a joke to great effect. On the flipside, these people can come off a little stupid if their joke fails to land. The Memer also tends to send Memes to the GC (in my experience, mostly off Reddit).


The Lazy One: This person rarely checks the Group Chat and makes their presence known by starting with 'Jesus Christ you guys sent X amount of messages, wtf'. However, when this person joins the conversation, they usually stay in it until it dies.


The Lurkers: This person rarely messages in GCs and almost never starts a conversation. They sit back quietly and watch the conversations unfold and enter when they feel most comfortable. A lot of the time, the Lurkers will see a message and choose to ignore it, simply because they dont feel like responding. The Lurker also tends to leave the conversation at random times.


The Conversation Killer: This person is usually the most iffy in a GC. They enter a conversation and usually are able to kill it with their overall vibe. They may not be a bad person, but they might've joined at the wrong time and taken things wildly out of context.


I dunno why I posted this, me and my friend (who also uses Reddit) had this conversation and he agreed with my analysis so ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ here it is.