This is a Christmas miracle. I'm currently back at home after a day at the mall with my mom, the most relieved we could've ever been.

A few hours ago, my mom was looking for her pocket book in the Macy's store. I was coming out of the fitting room to my mom asking where it was. After she looked everywhere around the fitting room, she started panicking. One of the store employees was helping her find the pocketbook.

We looked every area we were at in the store, but we had no luck. We asked if there were any pocketbooks in the Lost and Found, still no luck. At this point mom started getting desperate, and told the store clerk that her phone was in it. The woman suggested we call her phone provider to track down her phone. So she used my phone and called Spectrum, but they were no help. She tried calling Apple, but they were no help. At that point we were convinced it was stolen. She tried asking more and more staff for help, and they all started looking. 

The pocket book had her keys in it, so we couldn't leave until we found it. While she was calling Spectrum again, I went upstairs where we came from and asked the clerk up there if they've seen a black pocket book. Nothing. I went back to check the last store we were in before we went to Macy's, still nothing. My mom went to the bathroom to see if she left it in a stall, and she didn't.

The entire staff knows about what's going on now, and they're all looking hard. At this point my mom was giving up. She said we can do one last check around and then I can call my dad to pick us up and take us home, because if someone stole it, she had to get home to her computer fast and lock her bank account, because her wallet was in the pocket book. 

And that's when we found it. The pocketbook was in the middle of some folded clothes on a table, where you could see it. I'm assuming a staff member found it and placed it there, because there's no way we could've missed it. But it doesn't matter. We found it after nearly two hours of searching. Mom was happy, the employees were happy, and I'm just glad it wasn't stolen.

My mom got me some Auntie Anne's before we left the mall as she promised before all of this started. The sugar pretzels were good.