The reason why men dont show ther emotions... So alot of being dislike how men dont show their emotions. They say society doesnt let them. While this is true. I want to explain a couple of things.

Where did men having to hide their emotions originate from? Back in primitive times. All the soldiers were men. The soldiers were a brother hood they were all close. Yet they routinely saw their brothers get murdered. Maybe even their families get murdered. Blood. Guts. Organs. This scarred them. So fucking much. To the point where they just wanted to curl up in a ball and die. But they couldn't. They had to stay strong. Fight and protect their kingdoms. The only way to do that was by pushing their emotions away. Yes, showing emotion was a sign of weakness. So that's why men didnt show them. Another reason is everyone had these problems. So much problems. They didnt have the time or want to care about someone elses emotions. If you said anything about it they would tell you to fuck off. Reasonably so, they had their own problems. They dont care about yours. And talking wont help. 

Well... This tradition has traveled over into modern times. Men have a lot of hardships. Every man does. They have their own problems and dont care about anyone elses puny emotions. They have enough emotional problems of their own. (DISCLAIMER: Not every man is the same.) We all have problems. So much so that if we let it all in we'd become suicidal or become drug addicts. You can see it in the numbers. Most suicide victims and drug addicts are men. Not only that but I've done it. A couple times I've confronted my problems. I got suicidal and ended up getting addicted for awhile. Letting them in will destory me. Make me want to curl up in a ball and die. While yes, I dont have to fight for my families lives anymore. Many people are still depending on me to stay alive and clean. Many people still need me to stay strong. It will hurt them if I dont. So I do. I keep my shit locked away. I'm protected this way. Yeah it leaks sometimes. Through anger. Sadness. That's just the cost. At least I'm not dead.

I think the people wanting men to show their emotions dont truly know the extent of how fucked up men really are. They dont know what would happen if we let it wash over us. Plus the other things. Noone cares. And even if they did it's too much to deal with.