don’t know where else to write this, just big rant i guess ok so a bit of background: i am in year 12 in australia doing a culinary (cooking) course and also working in a kitchen.
i am a part time drug dealer, also i play the guitar and do kickboxing 

ok so before covid i was super happy with life and my mental state and i think everyone i knew thought i was quite outgoing and maybe even annoying at times lol. also a year ago, the drug market was so much cheaper and i was making quite a lot of money from that.
also i was doing kickboxing 5 times a week and was looking forward to having my first amateur fight in 2020

during covid i got super lonely and fell behind in school heaps, i wasn’t working at all in the kitchen and overall i turned quite sour. i was still selling weed and tabs but i was making a fraction of what it was like before covid, this is because the borders were shut and when they opened back up they were way more strict about what came in and out of the country.
upside was that i had heaps of time to write music and also the best songs come out of sadness imo.

skipping to now, i have a girlfriend that i have been with for a few months. i love her but she has a super rare condition which makes it unable for her to have sex. obviously that isn’t the pinnacle of all relationships but it makes me super frustrated and i’ve been thinking of breaking up with her because of it, would that make me shallow? probably yes.

in school i am not doing very well, i love my friends but i haven’t talked to them about how much anxiety i am feeling about what i’m going to do as a career. i won’t receive an ATAR (final score you get when you finish school in australia) because i’m only doing school part time and working in a kitchen with the rest of my time. i think i am regretting this decision because it means that working in a kitchen will be the only thing i’m qualified to do for the rest of my life.

i also quit kickboxing recently because i felt like i didn’t feel like i was in the right mental state to be training and being kicked in the head.

every day my mind gets more foggy and i get more unfit, i feel more regret as time moves to my graduation and i’m lost.

if you read all of that then thank you, if you have any advice i will take any and all of it.

tl;dr sad chef hours