i’m sick of straight people thinking gay people make their sexuality their personality. it is so uncommon for a gay person to openly talk about their sexuality, unless it’s in a safe space like online or around people they trust. did y’all forget it’s dangerous to be gay in public??? like, i could be killed for talking about my girlfriend in public if i’m near the wrong people. there was a lesbian couple who got attacked on a bus for kissing*. kissing! can you kiss in public without having to worry about this? can you talk about love, one of the biggest factors in human life, without fearing for your safety? 

when i speak of anything relating to my sexuality, i fear being attacked, judged, discriminated against, punished, hated, stereotyped, talked about, killed, disowned, shamed, demonized, or villianized. all because i talked about who i love. do you fear these things? do you even think about these things?

you can’t go a single day without hearing a straight girl gush over her boy of the week or a 40 year old celebrity. same goes for straight guys talking about who they’d fuck and who they already fucked. in fact, i’d say straight people make their sexuality their whole personality, it’s 80% of their fucking conversations with each other. wanna know why? *because people won’t hate them for talking about it.* now be honest, did you ever think about how often straight people talk about the opposite sex? or did it take this post for you to realize it. 

maybe you notice gayness because it’s foreign to you. maybe you notice gayness because it elicits a negative emotion in you. i don’t care why you notice it but i promise you, *you’re the only ones noticing it.* when gay people hear other gay people talking about love, we don’t immediately asses them and think about their sexuality. love is love man and people wanna express that shit, that’s all we see. we don’t care what genitals you prefer. why do you?

gay people are gay, straight people are straight. these are both fundamental parts to someone’s existence and it’s fucking impossible to avoid talking about it. worry about your damn self and let people love for fucks sake. 



*link to article about that incident

https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.cnn.com/cnn/2019/06/07/europe/homophobic-attack-london-intl-scli-gbr/index.html


(and before a homophobe says shit about a gay person using their sexuality to avoid things or play the system, i promise their gayness isn’t making them do that. victim complexes, manipulative tendencies, anxiety, god complexes, apathy, and so many other things can cause that behavior. their gayness is just a weapon they have available, they’d be the same regardless of sexuality)