[vent] My job is driving me insane I’ve been working in a hotel for a few weeks now, and I can’t stand it anymore. People smoking in the rooms setting off our fire alarms, people screaming and threatening me because they broke our rules and are being evicted, and the worst of all of them was tonight. I have never felt more uncomfortable in my life. I’m an 18 year old gay man who’s very open about my sexuality, and even wear a pride mask at work. I had a guest come in to the lobby today (they were checked in already) and they immediately noticed my mask. This random guy who I don’t even know the name of was flirting with me almost all night long and couldn’t seem to take the hint that I wasn’t interested until I started ignoring him, as I’m allowed to ignore people if they aren’t asking questions about the hotel, cause my personal life is exactly that, PERSONAL. Once I started ignoring this guy, his conclusion to get me to talk to him is to come up to the desk, and ask for me to break a $10 bill into $5s for him. I sigh, break the cash for him, then ignore him as he tries striking up a conversation again trying to figure stuff out about me. He left shortly after, and then 15 MINUTES LATER he’s at my desk, wanting to break those $5s into $1s for him. The money I just turned into $5s less than half an hour ago, has to now be $1s. He tries the same thing again, I ignore him, and he leaves. 20 minutes later, HE NEEDS THE $1S TURNED INTO QUARTERS. I knew he wasn’t a threat to me, but he just made me so uncomfortable. I was trying to do my job while this dude pulled this shit. I wanted to scream at him to just leave me alone, cause I gave him absolutely every single hint that I was not interested in him. At the very least, I was hoping he’d think I was just another rude bitch and would leave me alone. 

This was just a vent post, I honestly expect most people to ignore it, I just needed to write this down somewhere cause it’s been festering in my brain ever since I finally got that guy to leave me alone, which has been driving me nuts. Sorry if this post kinda seems all over the place, I’m currently at work still as I’m typing this, so half my brain is short circuiting and the other half is just screaming into a pillow repeatedly