My experience with sex, drugs and partying  **Disclaimer: All these things are completly voluntary and you should never feel peer pressure to do something like that. If you don't want to go to a party or drink or smth it is completly acceptable and doesn't make you boring or lame**

Short introduction: I am 18 and go to school in Switzerland. I am no expert on drugs but I have done my fair amount. I have also dealt with some mental health issues but I am better now. In my opinion sex, drugs and partying can be a fun thing if done responsibly and not as a coping mechanisms. In Switzerland the laws are relatively liberal and neither me or my friends have ever gotten in trouble with the police.

Sex: Sex is great. I don't know how great the sex education in other countries is, but I will skip over that part. But there are some things that are really important. First use protection. Really basic right? But also sex will get better with time. Porn is deceiving. Communication and Consent are the most important things. Talk with your partner and do things you are both comfortable. Don't pressure someone and don't let yourself get pressured. It may be underwhelming the first time but it will get better.

Now Partying: These are some really basic rules but they are important and will help you enjoy parties. Firstly don't go alone. Take a friend or a couple of friends with you. Secondly always know how you are gonna get home. Know the last train or bus you need to take or take a bike with you.Thirdly don't take drinks or drugs off strangers. It may seem enticing but the things that can happen are not worth the benefits. But the most important thing is that you should enjoy yourself. If you don't like the vibe just go home but otherwise be open-minded and you will meet cool people and maybe even form friendships.

Now about drugs. I can only talk about the ones I have taken but here we go:

\-Alcohol: It can be fun just don't overdo it. The first time it will be hard to judge how much you can actually drink but after a couple of times you start getting a good feel for it. You also don't have to engage in drinking contests to have fun. But everyone probably knows alcohol so there is not a lot to talk about

\-Weed: Weed can be awesome. Some of my fondest memories with my friends are of us doing stupid things while beeing high. Here in Switzerland it's not really forbidden so we don't need to be paranoid. Now there are still some things that are important to keep in mind. It is very easy to cope by smoking weed. Just think about why you smoke it before you do it. The other thing is to only smoke weed if you know where it comes from. Now weed can have different effects on different people. If you want to try it out and you may not even like it.

\-Nicotine: Don't do it. 1/10. I started taking snus a year ago and I'm still hooked. It won't exactly destroy your life but it's costly, bad for you and extremly addictive. The first few times may be fun but as soon as you are hooked it gets worse and worse. So a definitive no from me

\-Ritalin: I did it once because I had to study. It's an ADHD medication that helps you concentrate. Even though it helped me to focus I wouldn't recommend it. Start studying on time and you won't have a problem. It can also destroy your ability to focus and actually leave you worse off.

\-Shrooms: I took it on a vacation with my closest friends. For me it was an interesting high and we had a lot of fun in those six hours. But with psychedelics it's more important than with every other drug to feel comfortable and happy with your life otherwise. If you don't think you are ready don't take it. Also if you have mental health issues you would be better off without it. But there is one important tip that I would recommend for trying all the drugs I listed. Have a bottle of water ready. Set a timer when you consume the drug. That way if you're not having a good time you always know how much longer it's gonna last. Have something to eat and be prepared to lose control. I would also advise to read up on the drug to know the effects and the dangers

These are just my experiences and I don't want to motivate anyone to do these things. I simply want to give my outlook, because I think there is a lot of false information about these things. If you have any questions I will try to answer them but I can't promise anything. I have had a lot of fun with these things and I think these are really important things that aren't taught anywhere, so that you can to. If you have any questions I will try to answer them but I can't promise anything. :)