My parents wont accept that I'm not a part of their religion anymore. P.S. I know that this may not be the best community to post this, but I'm really desperate for help and support.

A little background knowledge: my family has been Lutherin  for my entire life. For all of you who don't know what that is or what they believe, it's basically a branch of Christianity where they think that being gay and acting on it is wrong, they believe that their branch of Christianity and their beliefs are the ONLY correct beliefs and everyone should be a part of it, they go to church every Sunday and are seriously religious. In the case of my parents, they also believe that God is the only way to cure pain and suffering, and that's where my main problem comes in.

I figured out that I wasn't a Lutherin Christian at the beginning of this year. Making this realization took a huge weight off my chest. The rules of Lutherin Christianity are really strict, and I didn't agree with a lot of them, which really stressed me out. Since I decided not to be a Lutherin Christian, I've been trying to figure out what I do believe in, and I finally settled with a type a deism. So basically, I believe that there is a God (or multiple gods) that created the world, but they don't interact with it in any way. I've been very content with these beliefs, and I don't want to change for anyone.

The only bad part of my situation is that I made some friends at my Lutherin church, and I constantly felt like I was lying to them when I was with them. Since a lot of my morals are that of a Lutherin Christian, they never suspected that I could've made a switch, and so when they would pray or worship or talk about God in a very holy and perfect way, I would feel so alone. Over time, I gained the courage to tell my closest friends about it, and there were overall okay with it. A couple were disappointed, but they still accepted my decision anyway and didn't try to convince me otherwise.

But then the problem comes down to the most religious people in my church, and that includes my parents. I haven't told my parents directly that I'm a deist and not a Lutherin Christian, but I've given them some pretty big hints and shown that I'm not a part of their beliefs system anymore, and they aren't having it. They still force me to go to church and participate in religious discussions and follow all their religious rules. They even sometimes force me to read the family devotion even if I tell them that I really, really don't want to. And the worst part of it all is that they believe that if I just pray to God and give surrender myself to Him, then my mental illnesses will be cured, and so they aren't doing very much to help me.

The one thing they have decided to do for me is get me a therapist, however they don't trust any therapists who aren't Lutherin Christians, so that's a big issue. They first got me someone from my church, but of course that didn't work out, since our beliefs didn't match up. They are now refusing to get me a therapist who isn't a Lutherin Christian, since they think that they are only doing it for the money. It's this constant war between my parents about this, and I don't know what to. They just will not accept that I'm different, and it's really stressing me out.

TLDR: My parents cannot accept that I'm not a part of their religion anymore, and they are starting to use it against me and make my life miserable because of it.