Ben Shapiro is invading my dreams I'm honestly about as lost and confused as you are. For some reason whenever Ben Shapiro enters my dreams, I remember the dream vividly.

The first time he invaded my dream, I was in a university class and Ben Shapiro suddenly became the professor, and started to lecture the class of his beliefs. I said I disagreed and we went on a full debate about our own beliefs, some of it is heavy TW so I won't post it, but it was mainly about trans people and their position in our world, and it led to non-binary discussion and I was really scared I would out myself to a figment of my own fucking imagination. The dream ended abruptly but it was still extremely vivid.

The second dream was a lot weirder.

I can't remember what was before this part of the dream, but I was in a blank, light gray room that would have a somewhat "L" shape in it. When I turned the corner, I see Ben Shapiro himself, along with Rick Harrison and my Computer Science teacher all sitting on a blank light gray table, the exact same colour as the walls. On the other side was someone that looked similar to one of my classmates, short dark hair with large glasses wearing a black shirt and blue jeans. I think the context of this was after the debate of the first dream, my parents made Ben Shapiro my personal tutor to learn conservative beliefs, and he had fucking assignments with him about them. I was writing on the assignment, I can't remember what the questions were except for one, which was views on same sex relationships. I again, did not want to out myself to Ben Shapiro so I kept it blank. I remember just staring at the question for hours and for some reason the dream was just a loop of this.

The third dream is a lot more vague, it's a light gray room, this time just a square room, no turns, no windows, just 2 chairs, a table, and a LED light above the table. Ben Shapiro is on the other side, and apparently he found out I was non-binary and bisexual, and I remember just crying.

I have no idea what the fuck is going on with my mind, nor why specifically Ben Shapiro manifested my dreams, I don't even follow politics anymore. I feel like I'm in Inception right now, and I have no clue if I'll need psychological help.