I need somewhere to vent feel free to ignore. I'm a 15 year old kid from Cali and my father was never really there for me. My mother was there for me but she separated herself from the family, in terms of living conditions, which I totally understand. So I live with my grandparents. My father was cool and I loved him but he was a huge dick to my grandparents, he would curse them out and just be an asshole to them the hole time while I was growing up. He never gave me anything which in hindsight seems completely fine. But he always promised me stuff and always failed to deliver. He was a bum, when it was someone's birthday or we had guests over, he would just stay in his room, sleeping. He was like this most of the time, so I never got the full father experience, go outside, teach me how to do basic thing likes change tires restart a circuit breaker etc. I dont even think he know how to do them. I have this distinct memory of when I invited my friend over and my dad walked out in nothing but shit stained underwear, which was extremely embarrassing and still is, but now I look back and laugh. He would always play the victim, like when I was 13 he kept stealing my fries and one time when I was eating them, I told him no more, and he called me a fatass and said I hope you choke on them, maybe I shouldn't have been a dick but it still was really hurtful and ended up crying in the bathroom for about an hour. Now, about a year ago, he met this girl and they instantly fell in love, and I was extremely happy for him. They would take for hours on end and even introduce me to her. She was nice but I was more use to my real mom so were not super close, but we still fuck with each other. He ended up moving in with her after about a year of them dating, she lives in Rhode Island btw, and took off without saying goodbye to anyone but me. She has 3 kids (9F, 14M, 16F) and they're all cool but I dont really know them. I'm happy that they got a father because they grew up without them, but it kinda sucks that some kids I've never met a getting my father, meanwhile I'm stuck, basically the man of the house who provides like 1/3 of our income. I've had to grow up so fast, I was robbed of my childhood and I cant help think that my dad left me for a girl.

This makes my dad sound like a total asshole but this is just the bad stuff. Like he loved me more than anything and he would always tell me that, he said the only reason he stayed was because of me, which sucks because he put my family through so much pain all because of me.