People are poison. Our generation are the ones to make the change. So many people (respectively, older folks) don't seem to realise that our greed has pretty much killed our planet.

I've heard so many people say they want to make a simple change to get rid of plastic in their lives or to stop eating meat but, they come up with an excuse that they like something too much or that they'll miss. If you truly cared about making a change then you would act on it and not make up silly excuses.

There are so many alternatives to plastic, some hidden in plain site, others require a bit more digging to uncover, but they are there, we just need to put in the effort to become better people. Plastic not only harms mother earth but it also harms beautiful animals and ecosystems that we have just come along and have rudely disrupted. Plastic finds it's way to ruin something, you find it everywhere.

People don't see it is possible to cut down on how much you harm the planet. I'll admit, I'm not the best but I am trying to become the least harmful version of myself that I can. It's a path that some see as difficult or a tough journey but it is very possible to live a healthier life, for you and the planet

Buy sustainable, Re-use, Recycle, Become self-sufficient, and what might make the most difference is stop using single use plastic.

Aid the planet in any way you can; plant a tree to combat CO2, plant some flowers for the bees and butterflies, create a haven for wildlife whether the creature are big or small. There are so many things you can do to help aid mother earth in her constant battle against humanity, you just need to do your research and put in the effort.

Becoming a less harmful person can be a long journey, but theres always the light and the end of the tunnel, we just have to put the effort in to get there. I have hope, but sadly it's very minimal. 

If anyone reads this I hope that you too might make a little difference in your life to help aid mother earth in her battle against humanity.

I think that our generation is the generation to make a real change in our world, it will take time but if we make the effort then our peers and generations to come will follow suite.