Can I report my mom for making me wear pullups?? This is weird and embarrassing to talk about so please don’t make fun of me too much.. but for as long as I can remember I’ve had bed wetting problems,(during the day too but only if I can’t make it to a restroom) I’ve had multiple doctor visits for it and I’m actually seeing a psychiatrist for it now. The medication Im taking for it is an antidepressant or something I think but it makes me like really mad when I take it so hopefully I can get it changed. 
I’ve been trying a lot of just natural things to not do it as much and I’m down to like three or four accidents a week at night and maybe one or two during the day. it was almost every night before I started trying stuff on my own. 
I got in a huge argument with my mom last night though because I Hate! Wearing pullups omg. If I’m down to a few accidents a week I feel like I shouldn’t have to wear them all the time? If it’s not happening more than it happens it just doesn’t make sense to me? But she’s talking about like if it only happened once a month it would be okay to not wear them. I can’t even imagine doing it that little tbh. She’s crazy! How often would a normal person say is okay to not have to wear them? 
But do you guys thinks it’s legal to like not be allowed to wear anything over them at night?? Because I have to get ready for bed around 7 but most of the time I don’t even lay down until like midnight because my adhd meds.... so thats a long time to not be wearing clothes just to make laundry a little easier right? 
I kinda feel like she’s just trying to make it embarrassing tbh. But idk if that’s how it’s supposed to be or not? 
I was really close to not having to deal with that but right before I started trying stuff on my own we stayed the night at my moms friends house, I was wearing sweatpants and lied about having one on under them which would have been fine and all but I fell asleep on one of their new couches and freaking peed all over it. But my mom actually got mad about it though and it sucked for me because I had to clean it in front of her and her friend and her friends kid IN NOTHING BUT A PULLUP because my clothes were soaked so she made me put one on and I was crying so it was just a mess. Plus she had to add that her friends kid was half my age and he wouldn’t even have done that...Thanks mom. So I’m pretty sure half the reason for not wearing anything over them is because she just wants to see it and that makes me even more mad.Sry for venting): but can I report her for this??