a substitute embarrassed my classmate with a medical condition so for context, i have a classmate who’s diagnosed with juvenile diabetes. she has to go to the nurse everyday at around 2:00pm (which is when i have her for my class). we had a substitute today (ms. jones) since our teacher wasn’t here. my classmate (we’ll name her abby for her privacy) had to go to the nurse, so she raised her hand asking her if she’s able to go. here’s how the conversation went:

abby: uh, ms. jones? i need to go to the nurse.
ms. jones: why?
abby: well, you see, i need to go everyday for my insulin shot, since i have diabetes.
ms. jones: (she starts laughing, randomly) you have diabetes? you’re only about fourteen, though! you kids nowadays always eating nothing but junk, haha.
abby: my diabetes wasn’t caused by my diet... it was genetic, and i was also exposed to a virus that i guess triggered it. can i please go to the nurse? i really need the insulin.
ms. jones: pfft! then why are you fat? clearly it’s because of your diet.
abby: uhh, the diabetes for me doesn’t allow me to lose as much weight as i would want it to...

at this point, it’s really awkward in the class, so i decide to step in. i’m usually a really quiet and shy person, but the substitute was being extremely disrespectful to abby.

me: hey, that’s really rude. diabetes is a medical condition and she needs the insulin. it doesn’t matter how she got diagnosed with diabetes. she requires the treatment she needs.
ms. jones: excuse me? do you want me to write you up?
me: for what? correcting your behavior?
ms. jones: that’s it, i’m writing you up.
me: abby, you know what? just go. she shouldn’t be allowed to stop you from the treatment of your health.

abby hesitates, but then she goes.

ms. jones: and who gave you permission to let her go?
me: you’re violating her right to treatment. you can get fired and even sued for this. i can report you, and so can she. this is wrong.
ms. jones: (she tears the note from the notepad that she wrote for me) okay, take this with you to the principal’s office.
me: with pleasure. i’ll tell her what you’re doing wrong.

i arrive to the principal’s office and tell her everything. after abby takes her insulin, she calls abby up as well for her side of the story. she tells the principals that yes, i did defend her and that the substitute didn’t let her.

the principal ends up telling ms. jones off. she tells ms. jones to leave the building and that she’s going to report her. ms. jones finally leaves and so the principal takes over the class for the day.

later on after school, abby comes up to me.

abby: hey, thanks for defending me in there. i felt really scared at the moment and didn’t know what to do. i really appreciate it.
me: of course! she shouldn’t be allowed to tell you whether you get the insulin or not. also, you didn’t have to tell her how you got diabetes, since it’s personal. remember, you never have to explain to someone something that’s really personal to you.
abby: yeah, i just didn’t know what to say or do in that moment. plus, she was wrong, so i just corrected her. again, thank you so, so much.
me: of course! i’ll catch you later.

we both leave our own ways.

after i arrive back home, i check my email to see that abby’s parents sent me a thank you letter. [(here’s the letter)](https://imgur.com/a/yabaAEA)

we ended up eating dinner with them, and now i’m abby’s friend. i still don’t know if abby’s parents sued her or not, but i’ll see what happens.