Everyone has their own way of grieving. So please don’t think others behavior at funerals as inconsiderate no matter what. 2020 can suck my massive cock. My grandmother, my grandfather, my uncle dan, my uncle bob, and my aunt who I always called nanny. They all died that year.

My grandmother, mims, had gout in her leg and died in pain, I often referred to her as a actual saint because I believe that someone experiences all emotions with someone in their life and that is inevitable. With her I was annoyed rarely sure, but never angry with her. She was my safe haven and the person I could truly be myself around in the shitstorm known as life.

My grandfather, patch, had Dementia and Alzheimer’s, that paired with his stubbornness made him difficult to work with. But we did our best to take care of him. In the mornings I made him breakfast often and took him to the bathroom because I woke up before everyone. He drove trucks that carried sports cars before he retired and saw a space pod shoot over his head on the road. He trained the dolphins in flipper, and he was in the navy. He was a silly man who would act goofy all the time. He had all these joke phrases like for example, I would tell him I loved him and he would respond with “well, I love you, all most

My aunt nan had Alzheimer’s but it hit her much worse and turned her into a vegetable. I took care of her and helped my family change her and fed her sometimes. I didn’t know much about her but she would spoil me like my grandmother and she was very kind.

My uncle dan had a tumor in his brain. He worked at a nuclear power plant and was the best of the best there. Everyone knew and respected him there. In fact many of his co workers showed up to his funeral and said kind words and exchanged stories about him that showed his kindness.

He was a hunter and a very good one. He had many trophies and he was a bow hunter. He would also collect Indian arrowheads. He had a bunch. He was a modern day renaissance man I would say. He was astounding in everything he did.

My uncle bob I don’t know how he died. I just remember my parents getting a call from family saying he kicked the bucket in the morning. He was a farmer and a carpenter and he had made the house him and my aunt billy lived in. It was quite a nice place.(it burned down, fuck 2021 also)

All these people at their funerals, I expressed no sadness and shed no tears. I only consoled the people around me. I don’t know if its because of my ADHD or Aspergers giving me a lack of social empathy or what. But I only came close to crying when I read the speeches I prepared for them all retelling how great of people they were.

The other time is when I noticed the differences when they were gone. I only cried when I saw the differences.

I only cried after I walked into the shower to get ready for school the next morning after my grandmothers death and when I entered her bedroom connected to the shower and said good morning mims, I stopped, looked up at the empty chair and cried. I cried because no one responded.

As a person who knows death now and would like to wring its fucking neck like a towel now, do not take it lightly in this sub because I know its a tool for karma whores(fuck you and your bitch ass you rode in on) and do not treat others whose process of grief seems inconsiderate or rude.

I know that probably goes unsaid but for anyone who needed to hear it, there you go.