Ok listen: a thing about birthdays Edit: I posted this two minutes ago and I'm already getting downvoted. That's fine. It's just my opinion, and you're allowed to have your own. But please read my whole post and tell me if you disagree, and why. I flaired this discussion for a reason

I've seen several posts basically spewing hate towards 20-year olds on this sub. "You're not 19 anymore? Go to hell and die pedophile" etc. First off, isn't that a bit extreme? Sure, there are pedos on this sub. I don't deny it. But most of us are normal people. I'm 18 right now. If I wasn't too scared to have a relationship and I actually was dating somebody, would that make me a pedophile? No. You can have romance or just friendship. Just don't have sex.

Second off, there is a flair for "old" like you're older than 19. It happens to almost all of us. It's not a bad thing. Will people intentionally have a misleading flair? Sure, it happens. But at the same time, people forget. Changing your flair is quite a hassle to remember to do anyway. It took me a few months each time to remember to do mine. Can we just chill a bit?

Now that we've established that "old people" exist, can we just say that it's not a bad thing? When I turn 20 I'm not deleting my account or leaving this subreddit—Hate me if you will, but hear me out: There are multiple reasons. I'll probably still feel like a teenager. Middle school, high school, and college aren't all that different. Wild hormones and being uncertain about yourself don't magically go away after x amount of days—You've leveled up! Congrats you don't have to worry about these problems anymore. No. I can still relate to you guys at age 14, even though I'm 18. But I can tell you things like "a driving license is super stressful. It's okay to wait an extra year or two if you've got a lot on your plate" You don't hear that much from full adults. But I still relate to teenagers better than adults. Just because you expect more from me doesn't make me any more ready to fulfill those expectations

Another reason is just because you guys have great memes. Simple as that.

And I'm not going to just be like a face lurking in the sky, seeing "what the kids are up to these days". I'm also not going to constantly be spitting out advice left and right when I was your age or whatever. I still think of myself as one of you, and that will take a while to fade out. I'll probably slowly grow out of interacting with you guys, just because life gets busy. But it's not going to be like I've hit a brick wall and suddenly stopped.

I don't really remember where I was going with this, but…yeah. Take from it what you will. Downvote if you don't like what I've said. But please also have a conversation in the comments about it, what you didn't like and why. That's really it. Have a nice {generic time of day}