My dad’s reaction to me asking for a ps4/ps5 So while eating dinner I asked my parents if I could get a playstation (since I used to have one before my brother brought it with him to college). I had never even used it that much, and was expecting them to say no. The reason why I asked is because they were saying they planned on canceling cable tv because we have netflix, to which I was like ok sure and then I thought if I was gonna get a ps — which could theoretically be used only to watch netflix (which i haven’t been able to watch except on my sister’s computer with her because the ps4 is gone)— I would need to ask now or never. Before thinking at all or waiting for me to say anything more or letting my mom think, my dad says this: “ A ps4?! *You do not* need more video games. Why do you want **more** games?! No.” What he said was along those lines but not word for word, and it had the same attitude of “you play to much videogames you lazy greedy little bastard.” &lt;- [Which I really don’t, I only play among us and cod mobile and my computer is a potato’s ass.] And then it was silent. I contemplated saying my point that they could make it so I can’t get games on it. After a few seconds, I began to say this and my dad just looked at me. So at that point I just left the table. He literally made it look like I was totally out of line; like I’d just asked him if I could have a machine gun. When I left my mom was like “wait wait! wanna watch the debate from last night?” We didn’t watch it yesterday bc it isnt even a debate and I was like “not rn” and then my dad acts like nothing happened and says “wanna play chess?” (Btw, they very rarely ever get along and need a divorce. Staying together isn’t helping anyone) So they’re begging me to hang out with them at this point. And when I’m half way upstairs to my room my mom calls up and is like “Let’s watch a movie!” To which I respond, “Can you stop making me feel guilty for not hanging out with you!” And now I am in my room. Alone.