I'm just so tired and I want to vent to someone I'm so fucking tired of not being able to talk about my problems. I can't talk to my parents unless I want to be caught up in the subsequent shit storm that would stem from the slightest comment on the of the others side. And that's ignoring the fact that were hardly close enough to fully discuss how my school day went, let alone the fact that I'm bi or that I'm stressed out of my fucking mind.

Im so fucking tired of seeing the shit about the presidential election. About how Trump isn't a racist, homophobe, transphobe, sexist person even though he clearly is and people are just being ignorant. Then there's all the shit about Biden and how he's 'socialist' even though he's obviously not. 

I'm sick of knowing that this election for a leader of a country I don't even fucking live in will effect my life. I get that the presidential race is pretty much over now and Biden has pretty much won but will I have to go through this stress again in another four, and then another four years, for the rest of my fucking life?! I swear I might just fucking break down.

My mum's always fucking stressed, she does so fucking much and never gets any good for it. All she gets is a slough of arguments from my dad. For a couple days everything was fine. I thought now that we were spending more time together everything was finally starting to get better but then JUST ONE FUCKING CAR RIDE IS ALL IT TOOK TO FUCKING DESTROY IT ALL! 

My dad has a bunch of health stuff liek dyslexia which everything more difficult for him as well which just makes him miserable which means more FUCKING FIGHTS!

And I can't pile more problems on them because the last I did everything went to shit. They didn't handle it well at all.

I'm openly bi to most of my friends apart from two. Not for any specific reason, but just because failed I failed to continue my sudden rush of confidence which allowed me to come out to my friends, and now I just haven't had the strength to take the plunge again. 

It's infuriating because I just can't discuss shit liek how I think a movie characters cute or something like that. And then I have the suspicion that own of my friends I'm not out to wouldn't be 'cool' with me saying I'm bi. Said persons family is pretty religious and they've said 'how does (openly bi classmate) know they're actually bi?' but that was a while ago so I don't know if they still think that and it's just one of  many things.

I'm so fucking tired of being worried about my two best friends. They're clearly fucking miserable, shitty home life, shitty school life, and they don't want to talk about it. I know it will fucking help but I can't do Jack shit. I always mess shit up and I'll just make it worse. For Christ's sake I can't even write a sentence without a making a mistake.

I always feel like I'm a pretentious little shit who thinks they can fix their friends problems but I just want to fix them because they're my but my mind keeps convincing me otherwise. 

Schools shit as well. I want to put in effort but I'm so fucking drained from stress that I just can't! On top of that, I go to a private which I'd think would be great, I get the chance to have a really good education but all this fucking shitty school has caused me pain! The school says to be open on our self reports but then the document is literally shared with the ENTIRE FUCKING SCHOOL! And they still expect us to be honest. The school is so shit at helping. They seem to care more about their image rather than actually helping the students who are fucking drowning in stress! 

I haven't even mentioned the shit bags that go to my school. A bunch of spoiled opinionated brats who don't know what actual pain is. My friends feel like the only feel like the only people in the school who aren't douchebag carbon copies of each other. 

I'm sorry that this is so long, I'm coming off as the exact brats I hate by saying I'm unlucky to go to a school which provides a good education. Even writing this is making me feel like I'm just asking for pity but I just want to vent. I'm not really looking for advice but any given would be much appreciated.

I'm sorry this is so long and thank you to anyone who took their time to read this.