I had a date and it sucked ass This girl and I had been flirting a bit and one of her friends told me I should go on a date with her, so texted her "Do you want to go on a date" and she said yes, please. I was pretty excited and told some of my friends that I was going on a date with a hot girl. When it was time for our date I took a shower and got some nice clothes on. I biked up to the park (where we set up our date because I couldn't think of any places to go to) and this kid walked up to me and said "hey are you Palmer?" I said "yes" and he said "yeah Bree invited me" (one of my dates friends.) I was pretty confused about what was happening but I still wasn't sure and then I saw my Bree and my date coming over to us. I was pretty pissed and then more of her friends showed up (I think it was like five or seven people in total.) The rest of the group told us to do something by ourselves so I asked her if she wanted to go to Roxxberry and get something. When we got there she didn't want anything so then we sat at the table. I tried to start a conversation multiple times but she just kept saying like Idk, I guess, and short answers like that. She wouldn't even turn the conversation around like oh hbu, it just seemed like she didn't even want to talk to me. Then the rest of the group came to Roxxberry trying to like listen in on the date. So then the rest of the group just sat down at the table and they started talking. Then one of the girls said wait this is probably really awkward for them so three of them left and it was me and her with two other people. I didn't really care that those two were there because they were pretty cool and at that point, I kinda just gave up on the date. Then we went back to the park and sat on a bench. I put my arm around her and for a bit, I thought it was nice, but then two of the girls just kissed her on the lips and I took my arm back. After that, I really just stopped trying to put my earbuds in and just waited for the day to be over. Some of the girls there hated my homie and they were just like I hate him so much and then they'd look at me and say wait we shouldn't say that in front of him because they are homies but they still did it like five times. Then they all wanted pizza so I thought we were all supposed to get pizza but they just wanted me to do it myself. So I started to go and then one of the girls and the guy came with me. Which is kinda weird that the guy that I didn't even know before today and one of the girls came with me instead of my actual date. So we got the pizza and ate just the three of us and it was the highlight of my day. Then the rest of the group came and got pizza when we finished me and my date walked an alternate way away from the rest of the group. We got there and sat and I tried to start a conversation with her but she was doing the same thing that she did when we were at Roxxberry. The rest of the day was like that and then she went home and didn't even say bye to me.
 
I don't know how but I'm still sad and pissed that my date with her was that bad because before that I had a great time with her and I just feel like absolute shit.

Even though I have like no reason to be mad at myself I feel that I really messed up and for some reason, I still somewhat like her and want to talk to her.