My step dad completed suicide 6 years ago. I still cry every day.I replay the days and conversations over in my head, picking up on things now that I didn’t then. Feeling so angry at myself for it. Feeling angry at you for not asking someone, anyone! For help. But in the moment, it’s not easy. I know. I can’t even imagine how hard it was for you. Today is 6 years since you left. Every Halloween hurts, but this one feels heavier. T is 16 in 2 weeks, he should be learning how to drive with you. C only had her dad for 6 years, and now you’ve been gone the exact same amount of time. You really meant the world to them. 

The way you left creeps up on me everyday. I’m sad when I think of your loneliness. I’m angry when I hear my mom having the same nightmare each night. I’m confused as to why I couldn’t sleep alone for months after. Mostly I just feel something missing, so I look for signs of you. And now it’s been 6 years of looking for you. In the swirls of cream in my coffee. In cigarette ashes on the ground. In the shapes of the clouds and in flocks of birds, hoping maybe you’re one of them. And sometimes I think I find you; when I’m having a bad day and I find a dime on the counter, or an old song you liked comes on the radio. You taught me so many things growing up, big and small. How to make a toilet paper cast, long division, the secret ingredient to the best grilled cheese, how to punch bothersome boys -thankfully I haven’t had to use this skill yet- the list goes on. I’m grateful for every lesson learned from you, and I’ll always be happy in those memories. But the last thing you taught me was what it feels like to have your heart break, and I desperately wish it wasn’t so. 

For a long time I felt that I wasn’t really allowed to be sad, or to show it anyway. The last time I saw you was one week before you left, I was in a rush to hangout with my friends. I thought I had all the time in the world to spend with you, no need to stay and chat that day. I probably told you I had somewhere to be, and I was off. But if I had known that was the last time I swear I would have stayed. I would have stayed forever, talked about anything, everything. Talked about nothing. I just would have talked and tried my best to talk you out of it. I think of that day all the time, and when I see you, I see you’re not yourself. But I was 17, I didn’t know. That’s something I’ll forever try to forgive myself for. For now, I think of you with regret. Regret for what I missed, regret for everyone missing you, and regret for all you’re missing. 

Thank you for loving me as much as your own. Thank you for T and C. I forgive you for going. And I’m sorry for what I missed. 💙 

Suicide is not a light topic. It’s hard and uncomfortable to talk about. It has made me feel unrelatable and alone in these feelings for a long time. But it’s real. Life is fragile. If you’re hurting, reach out. You are so important, so loved, so wanted and needed. Trust me.