This was in June 2017, I still feel suicidal and every time I relive this I ended up bashing my head in to a wall because of the pain it brings me. I’m hoping posting here will relieve the pain. I got into a huge fight with my friend Endrea over the most ridiculous thing. I have a tendency each year to switch best friends because I normally get switched from classes, and she thought i was going to ditch her. Anyways there is this police officer i talked through Twitter with and i told her i was depressed and i just wanted to die because my friend told me basically to kill myself. About an hour later my dad got a phone call from the police saying that they where going to talk to me and that they would be there within 30 minutes. How they knew where i lived i do not know, but it doesn't really matter. Anyways they showed up, at this point i didn't know they where coming yet. when they arrived they came up to my room where i had just finished texting my friend Exa. The police came into my room, 2 of them, and kicked everyone out except for me. I sleep on the top bunk and they told me to come down so i did. Then one police officer started talking to me and the other one got on the phone and was talking to someone, i think they where talking to the dispatcher, MCIT , or maybe all of them. He talked to me about what i sent the other officer and then deemed that i was “high risk” of killing myself. We talked for oh idk maybe 30 minutes or so. Then i was told i was going to go to the hospital or more precisely the Emergency Room. They asked me if i had any weapons or sharp objects on me which i answered no to since i didn’t. After one officer told me that normally i would ride in the back of a police car but this time i could just ride in my dads car. When we got to the hospital it was very weird, we just walked in and the officer grabbed me a number which is when i would go. I went to sit down and my dad sat beside me. I didn't really want him there i just wanted to be left alone, but oh well. I just sat there, then i was called to a booth where they asked me what my problem was, if i had any medical conditions and just questions like that. They then told me to go sit down again and then i was called a little later to a different booth, where i got my hospital bracelet and a bunch of paperwork. The nurse lady then sent me to the paediatrics unit since i am 13 years old. My dad had to go park his car since he had parked in the emergency lane. I just sat there waiting and then one of the police officers came over and then we started having a conversation about my school and what languages i know. He told me he was Spanish and i told him i couldn't speak Spanish. Anyways we had a nice conversation. Then a nurse came and took my vital signals and the officers told me they where leaving and that i should be honest to the psychiatric and that they would help me. I said bye and they left. I then went back to waiting for another hour and a half. Then the police officer with whom i had talked to came to see me. She gave me a bracelet, it was just a regular one, we talked for a bit then she left. I was then finally admitted to a room where a doctor came to see me. It was really hard to talk about what had happened. I could barely speak. He checked heart and lungs to make sure there was nothing physically wrong with me. He left then then 15-30 minutes later a psychiatric came and first we talked with me and my dad then she kicked my dad out and only talked to me. I stated crying, it was really hard on me. She then talked to my dad about i dont know what. She then called both of us and then discussed treatment plans, she gave my dad papers about therapy sections and said that my dad would be receiving a phone call for a follow up and psychiatric treatments in the hospital. We then left. 
About 5 days later I had an appointment with a therapist at the hospital and she was really nice and I trusted her but not enough to tell her I still wanted to kill myself and always have for a long time. She was only a short term therapist though so she referred me to a different one which I hated but I didn’t say I didn’t like her so I saw her for 10 months. I wanted to tell her so bad I wasn’t happy and didn’t know how much longer I could go on. I stopped going but have now been suffering in silence.

The police service was the Toronto Police Service in Canada
All names have been changed.
