Found out my ex was seeing another woman behind my back without telling me when I was placed in a house after wanting to attempt suicide.After being together for 3 years, me and my ex split up in August. Around the end of August, I decided I've had enough and wanted to end it all. I ended up staying in a Crisis home, as an alternative to hospital,  to keep me safe. Around the same time, unaware to me, my ex who was coming to visit me and telling me everything is okay and things will work out, was also seeing another girl without telling me. We split up for the very reason being; "I'm not ready and too unwell for a relationship at the moment. We need to focus on getting ourselves better and being more stable. Then maybe in the future when we've sorted ourselves out, we could give it another shot." 

However, turns out he had already moved on to another woman whilst I was away. A vulnerable, single parent may I add...I understand he had every right to move on. But if you were telling your ex for months that if we sorted our mental health problems out, then we can rekindle our relationship. When really he had no intention to do so. I didn't even find out through him telling me. I found out through Facebook. 

The days where I rang him up crying, breaking down, shaking and panicking, scared of being left alone and fed up of feeling the way I am, he told me he was busy "working". When in reality, he was round hers. The times I had to miss out doctor appointments and had to stay at my mum's house for my own safety because he was too busy to take me or come with me for support. The times where I was self-harming and rang him out of comfort and support because I needed him. Not as a relationship. Or as a partner. But as a friend. He told me I wasn't his problem. That was breaking point for me.

For months I was lead on and lied too. I thought I had every right to know since we were together for 3 years.  We even moved out together. I've decided I've had enough. I've deleted all my social media, Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, Snapchat, etc. And I'm planning to wipe my phone as well. I don't want anyone to know where I've gone or to come find me.

I know how it sounds. You're reading this and thinking "Is she really going to go missing and potentially kill herself because her controlling, manipulative ex-boyfriend doesn't want her anymore?".  Well, no. That isn't the case. You see I've had anxiety and depression since I was 16. I'm almost 22. I also have EUPD. Also known as Borderline personality disorder. I've been suicidal since I was 12 but always tried to find anything. Whether big or small to cling onto so it gives me a purpose to live. Whether it's studying for an exam, or even meeting up with a friend on a suitable day. Anything to give me something to push myself forward to do. But this time, I've got nothing. I've lost everything. I don't see any other way out of this. I just want to be at peace. I just want to find happiness again.