Can't rewind life..This previous spring, I was diagnosed with severe depression and anxiety as it seems, most people my age are (Currently 19).  It was my 2nd semester of College where I ended going to just about 10 sessions of 18 credit hour classes.  It had never hit that low until that semester, and I was done.  It started out with lack of motivation, which later snowballed into anxiety over what the fuck I just did with that semester.  During this time, nobody knew anything about what I was doing.  My professors assumed I had dropped the courses, my parents assumed I was still going to the classes, and my friends/brothers assumed I was just missing a few classes because I'm just new to college and to the fact you can miss a class and not have major repercussions as compared to high school and earlier.  Anyways, I finally told a friend of mine who was still a senior in high school and dealt with attempted suicide himself as a sophomore in high school.  He told me I needed to tell my mom about it before it got out of hand.  It took me about 2 weeks before I summoned the courage to tell her (via e-mail even though I still was living with her due to not being able to pay for over-priced dorms).  She called me the next morning and wanted me to come in with her and talk with one of her school's (she works as a teacher) therapists about things.  She gave me the number of a clinic as well as other therapists and we went from there.  

Anyways, after 6 months of seeing a therapist as well as pills I was feeling better and told her I'm going to try to work it out without talk therapy while still taking anti-depressants.  She was somewhat worried, but trusted I could handle it.

I'm utter bullshit.

The 6 months, nothing improved.  I lied through my teeth about my true mood to my therapist simply because I can't deal with it myself.  I've felt like this since I was 13 or so and just wore a mask 24/7.  I was worried about my appearance as a teenager since I was a late bloomer.   It wasn't a large issue, but I still wore my mask about it.  Come the age of 15 and my friends started smoking/drinking because everyone else did it.  I made a decision based on that to NOT do any of those things after seeing the way it changes them.  I was too much of a pussy to take a hit, none of this would of happened if I wasn't.  I would have stayed with that group of friends and wouldn't have secluded myself from everyone since that was all anyone would do.  I was 17, had nobody.  I spent a full year without a single real friend.  The mask of having school friends hid this from everyone pretty well, my parents knew why I ditched my old group, and was under the assumption I was fine since I've worn this mask so long, it's basically become my face.  18, I have a small group who rarely goes out, I've become addicted to video games as it's my only way to bond with people at this point.  

Here I am, half-way through 19 and I've become someone I never would have thought to become.
I'm normal looking, not over-weight and am given compliments about my appearance as well as personality.

Too scared to ever have a girlfriend

I'm always complimented on having skills with working and teaching younger kids.  I'm working at a day-care and have been for nearly 4 years now.


I can't handle that anymore.


I was driving home tonight from my only friend's house when I realized:
"It's done"

I mean by this, I can't wear this mask anymore and I'm too socially awkward to just call my old therapist and go in again and tell the truth.

The only way to remove this mask is by force.  So here I am, 3:41 in the morning and I'm feeling nothing.  I've become completely numbed by my life and the only things stopping me are (pathetically) video games and the fact that it's a one way road and still know there is no going back.  I don't know anymore...


major TL;DR: Chronic depression is going overboard and I don't know how to call out for help anymore.