I found only 3 friends in 10 years and now I don't have no one.
I don't have real life friends and I don't know why. I tried to find friends since I was 5 and in 10 years I can literally count how many friends I had, 3. I had 3 friends. I feel lonely. No one had ever wrote me a sms or call me to invite me to hang out with them only if they needed something from me. I will also speak only about my new school because it's in a completely new country  and I need to find at least 2 friends so I will not lose my mind there.


New school

When I moved about a year ago in to a new school everyone was giving me compliments about how funny I'm and everyone wanted to hangout with me and wanted me in their sport team but they never wanted me to on their "friends group". I was completely ignored by them at lunch and I was always alone in the class.


Girls from my new school

Girls gave me lots of attention. I know that at least 4 girls who had a crash on me and did lots of weird things to attract my attention, two of them even told me that but I refused them because I'm not interested in them.


Online friends

I have online friends who are all over 20 and always want me to play with them. They do that because I'm really good at the game, nice and funny, from their own words.


Is suicide a option?

No, suicide its never an option. Even if I never had someone who would support me and I was lonely for most of my life I've never tried to suicide. I've learn to self motivate myself and to escape stress.


Why did i decided to find friends

I lost my only friend. She meaned so much for me, she was like a real life friend and I lost her. I can never find someone who had showed me that someone can care for me. Actually, I've never had a friend who cared so much. I can't find myself and I feel like I will brake to tears, literally. I can't live without her now. I'm such an idiot. And I want a friend for first time in my fucking life and that's weird for me because usally I don't want no one in my life because no one mattered to me. Just one person stick to my heart. That was her.