My new friend is planning to kill himself.Hello there..

Im F19 and he's M19. I met this guy online via tinder, because quarantine and all I was open to relationships/friendships. We became acquainted since we both played video games and I started talking to him 4 days ago. We've been talking on calls, etc.

Things were going well! I thought I made a pretty cool friend, until he told me he's planning to kill himself on July 2nd. He failed attempting suicide last month and was put in a psych ward for 5 days. He stabbed his gut when he was 8 to kill himself. He has a loving sister, good friends/best friends, lived a great college life and partied/joined a frat, he met the love of his life and dated but they split due to not being able to do long-distance. However, most of it roots from his mother who abused him and his sister and pushed them to do well in school in a toxic way and is blackmailing his sister for 30% of her income. He said killing himself is a way to get back at his mother and possibly make her realize her terrible ways and relieve his sister from her chains.

I myself am dealing with depression and would say my life hasn't been the best and have thought about suicide, attempted suicide, self-harmed. I understand his suffocation and hearing this left me utterly devastated. I've only known him for 4 days. Yet, I feel terribly upset. He's a great guy. He says that it's a shame because we could've been good friends, or that he wishes he could take me to get a drink if he was in the same state still (he was in my state and moved to visit his sister, he messaged me after he moved because his mother in my state doesn't want him to play video games).

I tried to talk about his plan and possibly gear him towards to rethink it. He said if he fails he'll be mad at himself. I just don't think he should die. He's too young to give up on life. I have an emotional void with everyone in my life but I have hope that one day I'll be happy. I just feel so sad for him because I can't help him or I don't know how to. He believes that he'll NEVER change..

Please help. I don't know what to do. I told him I'll keep playing games and talk to him as usual and make him feel comfortable. I didn't know why he told me. Why he would put this burden on me. He said it's because I probably won't be terribly hurt and move on anyways. And that he doesn't want to just disappear without a word when he does kill himself. He hasn't told anyone except 1 more person and has distanced himself from his friends. So, I am the only one he is mainly talking to right now.

Please help.

I've already called the National Suicide Hotline, they basically couldn't do anything because I don't know where his location is other than the state. There's no way I can contact his sister. I don't think the cops or any services is going to help him. He's already been under the care of mental health professions in the past.