I'm tiredThe suicidal thoughts are too strong today. And I'm tired. I'm tired of battling these thoughts on a regular basis. And I just don't see a reason to anymore. I feel like a future attempt is possible, maybe even likely. It probably won't be today, I don't have the means. But I feel like I'm not safe. I'm planning it. I want to go acquire the means today. Maybe tomorrow. Maybe they'll tell me I can't. But I feel like trying. I have no reasons to live anyway, what scares me the most is surviving an attempt, not dying... Maybe I'm scared of the pain as well. Anyway, after I have the means, I can go somewhere where they won't find me soon enough and do it. 

I feel like I've tried my best in every aspect of my life and it was not enough. Being realistic, things can't and won't improve for me, they can only get worse. It getting worse is very likely. I'm sick of bipolar depression. And while I'm here, fuck mania too. I'm treatment compliant and it does nothing for me, I think. I've tried so many meds. Different therapists. Different lines of treatment. Nothing really makes me feel better. I'm frequently suicidal. I feel like none of my close friends really care about me. They just don't want me to die, I think, because they would feel bad. I've told them about these thoughts in the past (I didn't even tell them I wanted to do it), but instead of talking to me, they just told me on to my family, who called my psychiatrist, who put me on a lot of meds then. But maybe that's just me expecting too much from other people. Who cares anyway. It won't make any difference. These thoughts will always haunt me until I die.

I don't even know why I'm saying this. I guess I need to vent. Though a response would be appreciated. I don't expect anything from this though. I don't know what to expect. Maybe I should just tell my psychiatrist/therapist. But what I I feel is I need to attempt. I wish living wasn't so difficult for me. And I also wish dying wasn't so difficult either. Why is everything so hard? Why can't euthanasia be a thing for the mentally ill who like me don't improve with treatment? I feel I should have the right to choose a painless way to go. And I sure would.

Sorry for the wall of text. But I can't say it anywhere else. I feel my family, therapist and psychiatrist will want me in a mental hospital. And my friends will tell me on to my family. So it's basically the same thing. I have no one I can trust regarding this. And sincerely I don't want to be on a mental hospital. I want to be free to do it if I want. Sorry.