I think it is time to get real and get it over with.first and foremost I apologize for leaving you guys when I posted http://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/wsk14/wrist_is_slit_now_it_just_a_matter_of_time/

I moved up north to "find myself"...to really become less of an obnoxious drunken idiot.  It did not seem to help.  I could not last 3 weeks on my own out here.  After the incident last week I called my parents because I was really scared about what happened.  Long story short I am driving back to Florida to live with my family on Sunday.

The problem is I don't think this is such a good idea.  I came here to better myself, and if it did not work out I would go through with my original plans and blow my brains out.  I was drunk and high at the time and I guess I got it in my head that if I used my uncle's rifle (the only one I have available) I'm sure he would feel the guilt of not locking it in a safe....i fucking know right?

So people have told me to smoke weed.  I got back into it just smoking by myself, but when i smoke just a LITTLE too much or if I'm with other people I get depressed and usually try to off myself.  Last time I smoked with someone I downed a bottle of adderall thinking it would stop my heart (I ended up walking Clearwater beach for about 13-14 hours instead...).  The time before that I cut my wrist open with a fucking buck knife.  I slit it 3 time and now I dont have feeling in my arm/huge goddamn gash for the world to see....I tell people I got burnt but I'm a horrible liar.  Anyways (Im babbling)  weed is just a no go for me, yet I wish I could smoke with people, have fun, make friends, think deep, and become the chillaxed lovable person I crave to be SO FUCKING BADLY.  The other night I thought "fuck it, I'm with people I grew up with and I won't ever see them again after Sunday."  So I smoked, not alot but enough.  All I can remember was how they avoided me when  I would geek out, (but thats not what I'm worried about).  I decided to go to sleep early to avoid annoying them.  I just remember laying there thinking way too hard, I thought my brain was going to implode.  I started crying like a bitch and punching myself in the face as hard as I could (thank god everyone else went upstairs).  It was more horiffic than last Thursday when I thought I was either in hell or purgatory.
Death seems so peaceful, even if there is a god and I do go to hell...I can adapt to that and its seems like a place I would be more welcome in.  I really just don't want to try anymore.  I'm going home, but to what?  I can't ask for my old job back,  I loved my employees but outside of work they wanted nothing to do with me.  My only friends have gone down paths I should know better than to join.  My brothers friends think I'm psychotic, makes sense because I try to scare them whenever I get the chance, I don't really know why at this point, it just feels like instinct, and its kind of fun.

I'm sorry this is so long, I guess this is my last statement to the world since I dont plan staying here much longer.  (I'll stay on reddit though, at least until I pass out.)