My storyIdk why im posting this and theres no real point to this but I feel that more people should hear it.

I grew up in a hoarder house with an emotionally abusive father. It was terrible for my Mom, my two Sisters and I. My mom tried to hold it together and even though she was an amazing person she could only do so much. My childhood was very repressed and It was far from typical. Then when I turned 12 my mom had a downward spiral of depression. Over the course of like 6 months she was in and out of mental hospitals and was all whacked out on different medicines. Eventually she shot herself and I was the only one there and I had to call 911, but it was too late. The aftermath was just as bad aswell. It was just me, my terrible father, and my dog. My sisters were in college and out of the house at the time so they could only do so much. There were times when we barely had any food and no running water. We could afford it but for some reason my dad didn’t care. When i turned 16 i moved in with my Aunt who lived up the street from my dad. It was honestly good for a little while. I was doing ok in school, i had friends, i rode a lot of dirtbikes, and it was a good time. But my aunt had a downward spiral of pill and alcohol addiction. After 6 months i moved out and moved in with my sister, her husband, and my niece about 45 minutes away. I adjusted ok but it wasn’t perfect. My Family was great but I had stuff to work on. 

Now im 19 and I feel like a loser. I barely passed high school and im working a soul crushing warehouse job. I got a loan on a car that i cant afford and my sister wants me out of her house soon. I want to leave but i dont know what to do. Both of my sisters were supporting themselves at this age and in school. I feel super lonely and gay and sad and i just dont know what to do anymore. 

I just want to stop existing i can’t take it anymore but I know the aftermath sucks but still the thought never goes away. I just want to be happy and make my family proud but I actively do nothing about it

Sorry if it sucks im high and tired but i wanted to get this out