been running on empty for monthsi’m so fucking tired. been feeling actively suicidal since june, hospitalized twice, both partial and i didn’t let it interfere with school at all. my eating disorder has come back, worse than ever. i’ve been struggling with this very on and off- i’ll restrict to 800-1.2k calories a day for about a week or two, then cycle back to normal eating for another two or so weeks. i haven’t told anybody this, but it was so bad back in june that i asked my anorexic friends to encourage me to eat less in an attempt to help me starve, which they did. i start crying randomly at least once a day, sometimes with my boyfriend or mom, and every time i see my therapist. when i say i never used to cry in front of people, i mean NEVER. not once in my two years of the same therapist and only once during my two week partial hospitalization. in addition to that i cry every night and actively have to try not to kill myself or tell my mom how i feel- she told me if i haven’t gotten better (which i haven’t) she will send me to a clinic in boston (i live in california) because she’s sick of me not getting better. i am convinced my boyfriend will break up with me or cheat on me for no good reason every day, so much i have nightmares about it. i know it’s not healthy, but he’s literally the only positive thing in my life right now so if i lose him i will be devastated. i’ve been sick for the past two weeks, but i haven’t been able to miss class because i hate my grades. i’ve just started a job in a law firm with hours only during the week, with an absolute minimum of 10 hours a week. i will get home at 6pm-9pm from now on. i am so fucking tired. i don’t know what to do. there is no break or end in sight unless i kill myself. i feel exhausted and helpless. i cant get help because they’ll send me inpatient, then partial inpatient, then iop, which all will take more than a month to cycle through- i don’t have that time. it will kill my relationship and grades. all i have left is to kill myself. i’m so tired. sorry and thank you if you read all of this, i really appreciate it. just needed it to be out there. 