I took the black pillI failed miserably. I was supposed to go with the woman somewhat in a remote location the only two of us , then she said she'd forget and I was left alone. Then she called me and told me to go clubbing and I left another venue to do just that. Beforehand, we went to get something to eat, and her boyfriend was there with some other dude. And I tried to isolate her and persuade her to come to my house to have sex or something. She seemed to be really interested or just friendly I can't make the difference because I am such a loser with no dating other than dudes on gay sites which I was persuading for casual sex, like blowjobs and anal sex nothing more. I am such a loser with no prospects which couldn't get a girl even though she was interested in me. Clubbing is not my take, I am ruining my health and my well being by drinking on psychiatric meds just to get a pussy I had last time like 5 and a half years ago. I can't do it even though I have material things. It's just myself and my lack of game. I think I will kill myself there is no other way I suck so hard despite being at my best youth years. I shouldn't deserve to.live this girl had interest and other guys had her with like nothing and I have what ai have and still had no game to persuade her to get to have sex with me. It's still so bad like I don't care if she's a slut if she is then I'm a bigger loser for not pulling it out. And also ruined a lot of money in hanging out just because maybe I'd get some moment alone. And I got and I still wasn't able to do anything to persuade her to get to my house I am such a loser. I should have had confidence but If I had a bigger dick I think everything would work it's way out. Guys had it way worse than me and still get pussy and I have to pay or something to get it it's not fair. It's because of my lack of confidence. And it's tied directly to my height and penis size. I should kill myself I don't deserve to live if something as easy as getting pussy even though it was someone else's girlfriend , friends of mine had her why couldn't I do it lol.

I'm so lonely 