I'd rather die than have to live without the person I loveI still struggle every day with the fact that the guy I was with did not love me. I was very much 100% in love and crazy about him. I just can't wrap my head around why this happened....I just wasn't good enough for him =( I can't make sense of it without putting myself down. I was rejected and dropped very very harshly and he absolutely does not care....because he never loved me and never will. We were in an open relationship.....and it lasted OVER A YEAR. He was only using me, I found out later. He did not care at all how I was hurt, and I freaked out MAJORLY when it happened. He randomly found a girl to be monogamous with, and promptly dumped me. I LITERALLY HAD A NERVOUS BREAKDOWN of texting him, FBing him when he told finally me about it. For days, I texted him, freaking out/crying/yelling at him. I was very upset and he offered NO CLOSURE....Just told me to chill out and that I didn't need him and would be OK. NO CLOSURE. He kept repeating himself and didnt talk me out of anything. And now, I have all this emotional baggage, depression, loss of confidence, and EXTREME EMOTIONAL PAIN that has been going on for 3 months!!!!!!!!! He broke things off with me about 3 months ago, and the pain still lingers. Sometimes, I sit and cry about it. Sometimes, there is numbness and I cant move. He DOES NOT care. And I know this because he deleted and blocked me on FB....he has already moved on and doesnt want me to see who he is going to be with in the future. In the end, I was the girl in the open relationship with him that he saw as NOTHING. He was only monogamous with incredibly stunning, cool girls....a categoryI was obviously not good enough for. 

what else am I supposed to think? I am very very insecure about myself and my body because of how it is...my breasts are very small, but very uneven...almost lop-sided because of my abnormal scoliosis bend. It's not fair =( I look very ugly naked and I also have a big nose, which makes things worse. I can't help but feel ugly and useless because of how I look. Guys only want to date pretty girls and I am just not one of them =( 
It's not fair. I am a very nice person, and I felt that when I was with him, I had to overcompensate with my niceness for him to love me....but he never could =( my looks got in the way too much. I sit in my room and cry every day because of how unfair my life is. I just want to disappear or die. Life isn't good or fair for an ugly girl like me...
Everything about me is wrong, and being rejected by the love of my life proves it =( ugly, pathetic girls like me shouldn’t be allowed to live. I don’t deserve love or to be loved.
