After killing my best friend and watching him die I've decided to make this my last year.Happened roughly 3 years ago. ( I remember the exact day and hour, but rather not be too specific)
We were driving. or, I was. Winter conditions. Not entirely sure what exactly happened as my mind has blocked out most of it. I keep remembering trying to avoid something and running off the road. Crashing, it all goes black. I awake to this crushed and indescrible feeling. My head is facing towards the passenger seat where my friend. My only friend ever. My best friend. The guy who saved me from my own hell of a tremendously horrible home situation and school.. Had no friends, picked on the entire first year because I was poor and filthy. Little I could do about it with a drunken father and mother. He and his family moved into town when in second grade. He didn't care about all that. Sat next to me. became my friend. And there I am, unable to move, unable to look away, forced to watch him die. listening to him beg me for help. See his eyes, his crystal blue eyes, close never to open again. fuck, I just have to close my eyes and I'm back there again. The rest is somewhat blurry as I fade in and out of consciousness. I get away with 7 broken ribs, most of them broken several places. some internal damage, collapsed lung, both legs in my right foot broken. and some more destruction. nothing of it hurts remotely as much as the memory. lost my liscens, as if I ever want to drive a car again. tried getting into prison. instead got a shrink to deal with my guilt and probation time. His parents tried to help. His father told me he forgave me, but he couldnt forget. They tried to help me in the rehabiliation time, but it got clear to all of us that they just couldnt bear to be around me. So I pushed them away, havent seen or talked to them for 19 months. 

Im done fooling myself that life is worth living. Im done trying to hang on for the sake of hanging on. Life holds nothing for me but pain and suffering. an endless and viscious circle that has left me a shattered and destroyed useless human being with no other desire than for everything to be done. Come new years eve Ill hang myself and finally do what everyone else has hoped I would do for several years.

Edit: I have no idea why I made this post, what I was hoping for. guess mostly someone to talk a bit with, get this off my chest to see. I mean, what do I have to lose, less than 2 weeks to live anyways. This whole experience is troubling. I dont kid myself into believing the internett is all warm and cuddly, but the harshness and cruelty Ive recieved in these short few hours has actually made me wonder why Im even waiting until new years eve. still, thanks to those of you who tried. Im not good at accepting help, I know that. its not something I understand completely as Ive never experienced kindness other than from my friend. Sorry if I seem ungrateful.