Had a huge mental breakdown two hours ago because of several things that happened throughout the day.My day started of quite bad. I got called by my best friend (male) at midnight. He sounded totally shitfaced. There were a lot of background noise and a lot of talking. He asked me if I was awake and alone at 00:15. Which I said "yes?" to. I had no idea what was going on. Then all of a sudden a girl started talking to him and hung up the phone. Cue panic attack. Like wtf was that all about. I texted him "okay?" about fifteen minutes later.

Around five I woke up because I felt like I was going to throw up and saw that I had two unread messages from him. In an almost unreadable text he said "huh, have I called you? Oof" (translated from another language).

I wasn't able to sleep for almost an hour because ya "boi" had another panic attack while in bed.

Then I woke up at around 14:45 I woke up because I had to pee. Dropped my phone on my way to the bathroom and found out that my bank card is gone. (Card is supposed to be in the little pocket on the case). Went upstairs to tell mom, while having a full on panic attack, only to find my aunt and grandmother in the living room. Guess who decided to invite family over for dinner without telling me (and mom).

I have been diagnosed with autism, so the change in my plans caused an even bigger panic attack. Yay me.

Three hours later (after dinner), a different "friend" sent me a long video of him lip syncing to "make you mine" by PUBLIC. I hate getting videos of him. It makes me sick to my stomach. You may think "what's the problem here?". He's in his thirties. I'm still a couple of years away from 20. I've told him so many times I don't want him as a boyfriend. (1 because of age difference. 2 We live in different countries. 3 I'm into girls.)

So anyway, after I had to painstakingly watch my way through that video, I sent him a snap saying "I do not enjoy videos from you". He read it wrong and thought I said that I do enjoy getting videos from him. Se sent the video in chat and saved it together with a cheesy paragraph basically saying "since you loved the video so much I'll save it here so you can watch it whenever you're feeling down. I love you lots."
After I corrected him, he got all sad and said "well shit 💔". I muted him again at that point.

A few hours passed and I thought that was it for the day, but oh boy were I wrong. I watched a r/wholesomememes video by The Click. I thought it'd make me happy, but it just made me cry more and more. That's what happens when you bottle up emotions for months. At the end of the video I was just full on ugly crying. I put on my favourite album by xxxtentacion, as you do when you see no end to your suffering. I ended up ugly crying for half an hour while listening to 17 on repeat.

After I cleaned up my tears and blew my nose, I just sat at my bed for a while. Tried to watch videos, but I just felt dead. No spark in my eyes, no smile, no laughter, no emotion. Just dead, but breathing.

Then I cut myself. Once, twice, more and more, the blood started dripping quicker and quicker. I stopped and got some paper towels because, ya know, don't want to leave any blood on the clean bedsheets.

So here I am. I failed the "no self harm" goal I made for 2020. Just spent an hour typing this. Even though probably nobody's going to see it.