Just want happiness, no barriers, stabilitySorry this will be long. I don't feel like myself and I have been depressed for quite some time. Sometimes more than other times. I was divorced over a year ago, while I was married it was the first time I seriously thought of killing myself as I was driving, angry &amp; just stuck in the moment because I did not see a solution to the problem. I knew then what I was feeling was very real &amp; it really woke me up. I was then living alone &amp; working a dead end EMS job. I ended up in an unhealthy relationship shortly after the divorce, oddly enough he ends up being one of my best friends who has helped me through a lot as I did the same for him &amp; gave me a lot of insights I was looking for. Though the intimate relationship was never meant to be. 

Fast forward a bit and I lost my job, had to move back in with parents. Moved back to my home state &amp; saw my old doctor who prescribed anti depressants &amp; told him I had previously held a gun to my head but set it aside &amp; called the hotline. While I was still living alone &amp; working my crappy job I had went through several episodes of intense suicidal thoughts, then suddenly I am fine &amp; happy go lucky like I usually am. 

Tonight I learned my sister got engaged, 2 months ago. It made me happy for her &amp; at the same time I started bawling because neither of my half siblings ever talk to me &amp; it makes me so sad &amp; upset. They're growing up so quick but most of the time I never know what is going on because they never reach out to me. We used to be so close &amp; I had partially stepped in for parenting. I feel they were a little jealous of me because I grew up in a different home with loving parents. For the past few years it feels like they try to show me up, my brother had torn me down before when I simply just told him I was proud of him. I have gone through a series of bad relationships, some my sister thought I had the perfect life &amp; she wanted the best for me. But they weren't meant to be. Now my sister has gotten engaged to a guy she's been with for a long time, it's very sweet, he treats her very well too. It makes me so sad &amp; I'm mad at myself for not feeling more happy for her. Seeing happy couples photos on Facebook makes me sick &amp; very sad &amp; mad, but I do love hearing stories. It makes me wonder where I stand in their lives, brother &amp; sister. After my divorce, my sis &amp; ex were still facebook friends til I asked her to unfriend him. She would post relationship posts &amp; my ex would comment Amen &amp; she would like it. It was a stab to my heart. Now I feel bitter &amp; have been for awhile. I just want to be happy. 

I just got a new full time job back home, in the psych unit of hospital where I handle a lot of suicidals ironically. I'm also working with victims of sex crimes &amp; domestic abuse part time &amp; a volunteer EMT ironically. Things are looking good, just feel so alone &amp; depressed. Like I'm unworthy of anyone's love or marriage.  