Existential boredom becoming unbearableI’m one month into my second semester at university and the boredom is setting in again. The total change in my environment between high school and college was enough to entertain me for a couple of months, but the excruciating boredom with my whole life has set in again and I don’t know what to do. Since starting university I’ve really connected with a close group of friends, something that I didn’t have in high school, and I thought that having that support system, along with moving out of my toxic parents’ home, would improve my mood, but it really hasn’t had much impact.

Since classes started this semester I’ve been acting really impulsively: I’ve given myself bangs, pierced my ears (again), and spent hundreds of dollars on random things I don’t need--and all this in the past month. This weekend I even cut myself for the first time this year

I think my problem is that I’m just a fundamentally lazy person with an attention span of about 30 seconds. I can’t read more than a couple paragraphs at a time. I can’t carry a conversation. I always need to be listening to music, playing the same album (or sometimes just a single song) on repeat for days on end until I get tired of it and find something else to listen to. I paint my nails twice a week because I get tired of having the same color on them. I’m always buying new clothes, or finding new ways to style the ones I have, because I can’t stand wearing the same outfits all the time. I daydream about being able to change my physical appearance at will so I could completely change my look depending on how I'm feeling, or dropping out of school and moving across the country to start an entirely new life. My ideal life would just be parties and concerts every night with no responsibilities and an endless supply of cash. I wish I were attractive enough to find a sugar daddy willing to fund this lifestyle XD

My frustration with the prospect of working my ass off in school and getting my degree, only to get a full-time job and work 5 days a week until I die, has caused me to neglect schoolwork and now I’m falling behind in my classes. Recently, I couldn’t even muster the energy to write a 1000-word essay for an English class (the class is unrelated to my major but required to stay in the honors program at my school), so I turned in a corrupted file to my professor to try and buy myself some time, but today he emailed me about it and asked for the essay. I’ve been contemplating catching the bus for a few weeks now, but this confrontation has put me over the edge. I know all I have to do is write the essay, which I’m planning on doing tomorrow afternoon, but the prospect of actually putting effort into something is just so overwhelming to me it seems impossible.

If you’ve made it this far, thanks for reading. I don’t think I’ll actually go through with it because I have too many plans for the next year to look forward to, but suicide is looking like a really attractive option right now. Any life advice and/or kind words are welcome!