I think I'm broken.This might be a long one. I just needed to get it all out somewhere. I'll preface by saying I've had the diagnosis of 'severe, chronic depression' for a majority of my life. There was a small period where I was getting better with the help of an anti-depressant, but the bad days just creep up on me. This is just the tip of the iceberg and more things happened before to make me feel like this. 

A few years ago, things came to a head when I was going to university for something I really did not like. My already poor mental health fell apart until I was left with nothing. I tried to kill myself, following being unable to graduate from this program I hated. 

When I was in the hospital, I had an epiphany. I wanted to be a doctor. I'd do anything to be a doctor. There was a one year program I could take to prepare me for pre-med; as long as I received a 3.0 GPA, I would be accepted into pre-medical studies. 

I've tried the program twice. I've earned a 2.86 and a 2.89 respectively. There's no point in trying anymore; I've realized I'm just too stupid. I've done nothing over the years but get more and more debt. 

I still want to be a doctor. The thought of being a doctor was the only thing that actually made me get help for the sea of mental problems I have. But I'm a fucking idiot and can't even manage a B+ average, how the hell am I going to be a doctor?

Looking back on all the things I attempted, I've come to the conclusion that I just can't be okay. It's like there was some sort of mix up, an error, that made me unable to feel real happiness or lasting positive emotions. I'm broken, surrounded by people who aren't broken. I'm less depressed and more angry that I can't feel and cope like a normal fucking person. 

I want to be normal, but I don't think I can be. I want to be smarter, but I've already given it my all twice and fell short. I want to be dead, but there's still a small chance that I can do something that will make me feel okay. So, what the fuck do I do now?