I should just do itIt’s like the thought suicide just hangs over my head and lingers even when I’m having a relatively “good day” like today. I got out of bed before noon, showered, ate two meals, and even exercised which is a stark difference to the past few weeks. But now that I’m in bed I can’t stop thinking I should just hang myself or overdose or jump off a bridge. 

I feel like I’ve ruined my life and it’s call coming to an end. I lost my scholarships and financial aid due to my shitty grades so I can’t return to school until I pay for this semester but I’m unemployed. I feel like a giant loser because I’ve been trying desperately to find a job, but it’s just been auto-rejection e-mails. With the coronavirus, my family needs my financial support so I’ve been draining my measly savings but I’m running out soon. 

Besides those issues, I’ve just been depressed for years and trying to deal with BPD and anxiety as well but I don’t have insurance so I have no access to therapy or medication. I started the process of therapy and trying to get medication through my school but at this point I’ve basically flunked out. 

I’ve been trying to hard to take everything a day at a time but I feel an overwhelming loneliness on top of everything. Everyday I just feel like nobody loves or cares about me and despite having a few friends, they can’t spend every moment talking to me so I’m basically alone everyday just going through the motions. And I’m just not close with my family, particularly my mom who abused me when I was younger and the rest have always scapegoated me and treated me like a servant. I feel numb all day like I’m on auto-pilot then I get in bed and I think ”Is this really my life?” 

It feels like I’ve been set up to fail in life no matter how hard I try and it’ll make no difference to anyone if I just die. My family can move on because they were never happy with me around and my friends probably wouldn’t even know and just move on. It’ll just be a sad memory occasionally but they’ll move on. 

My life really is completely worthless and everyday I spend alive is wasting space and resources. Even with my issues with money and school and mental health, I’d feel better if I knew I had people behind me rooting for you. People who told me they loved me and cared if something happened to me. But I’m just not important to anyone and it won’t matter once I’m dead.