I don't know why I'm still hanging on. What's the point? (22F)Honestly, my life has gone to hell. I want to drop out of school and run away, but I can't. I'm GPS tracked and I have nowhere else to go. I feel a shit ton of pressure to perform well. But I'm broken beyond repair. How can I possibly do well in school anymore when most of my energy is devoted to coping with all of this stress and pain that I become too tired and worn out to even work and function properly?! I'm constantly forgetting what I have to do. I forgot to do an exam (possibly the final) for an online class. So already, I'm going to fail and lose my scholarship again. My parents don't have much money (they're not college educated and only one parent works). I can't find a job that I'm qualified for no matter how much I try. I have Aspergers, so I'm bad at social interaction. That disqualifies me from most jobs already b/c interviews, that is, if my applications ever get looked at. I'm usually alone and left out. I don't have close friends. I've been invisible and alone for just about my entire life.

I don't know what to do anymore. If I tell someone, they'll just call the cops, possibly drag me away in handcuffs if I don't "voluntarily" go to the ER, throw me in an ambulance, lock me up in the hospital where they'll visit me only to take my blood and data, and leave me alone to rot in boredom. The doctors and staff are patronizing as well, which still irritates me to this day. And nothing changes. The underlying issues that drove me to the point of breakdown every time never get addressed. I don't get understood. So I see that no one can handle hearing my issues nor are they willing to listen and understand. Therefore, I trust no one. Whatever cliche things that people say to me is bullshit. They don't actually care and they are not supposed to. People just want me to live so that they won't feel responsible and/or to get an ego boost from "saving" someone. So I keep everything to myself, fake some smiles and laughter, try to act like my usual self just to please others.
I feel bad about hurting people if I'm gone, but I'm in unbearable pain for years. There doesn't seem to be an end or a way out. I can't take this anymore.

Since I can't go to college anymore (due to finance and being unable to handle the stress) and I have no other skills or value to add, the only thing I have left to do is to go sell my body (plasma/prostitution) for money. That's my only worth now. It's not like anyone actually loves me. I'm average looking and I have way too much baggage. I get ignored and unnoticed unless I have something of value. I get used a lot if anyone wants a favor (homework help, housework, fetching stuff, grunt work, etc.) I was in a way a child prostitute after all (a family friend molested and possibly took my virginity when I was around age 5 and paid me to keep quiet). Then again I can't do those things without being interrogated b/c I'm tracked. Plus, prostitution is illegal and there are undercover cops.

I can't go to therapy because I ran out of visits for college counseling (it's a large state school) and I have no money nor insurance. The suicide hotline sucks because they'll just call the cops.

I don't actually want to die. But living is just too painful and I've put up with it for decades. I still love learning, reading, and teaching/tutoring for fun as well as having new experiences, but what use is that? I don't have a degree or experience. I feel like I lived my life in vain. The only thing I worry about is my dog, a good friend of mine, my sister, and other things. My little Yorkie is so cute and energetic. She always looks forward to my return home. I honestly don't want her to wonder what happened to me. I love my friend because he checked up on me when I isolated myself and disappeared for a while, but we're not that close. My sister cares and I feel like she's on to me somehow. Plus, I gotta help her on her homework, even though it drains me and is part of what led me to this point in the first place.
I'm tired, overwhelmed, and in a lot of pain right now. I feel so dead and lifeless. I can't get myself started on my work anymore. I feel utterly broken, useless, and worthless. I don't know what to do without fucking up my life even more. I just want this pain to end. Thinking too much and not being able to do anything got me into this mess as I couldn't write essays and turn in work on time, but it's also keeping me alive as I'm still thinking but not doing and that's frustrating as I don't know why I'm forced to keep on living even after everything falls apart. I haven't bought the alcohol yet. 
I had to vent and I felt a bit better.