Advice?These past two weeks have been a rather rough week for me.  I have been told that I can never donate blood because I am transitioning from male to female.  I crashed my company vehicle on accident while driving TBI (Traumatic Brain Injury) residents for a walk to the local mall.  I was cited for said crash; and my deluded mind still believes I did not fail to yield.  I had attempted to off myself twice shortly afterwards:  first by being inside the resident’s garage with my vehicle in attempt to poison myself to death; and the second time via choking myself to death via a rope around my neck with a garbage bag.  Over a period of two months, I gained thirty pounds.  Today, I had a tremendous argument with my pops over Spare Tires, Phones, Cars, etc.   I just lost my month's rent in money order

Did I mention to you that in my spare time that I am a politician?  
	
Two-and-a-half years ago, I started hearing 7, 23, and 42 talk in my head.   At first, the voices would be relatively quiet and only show up on occasion.  However, as time goes on, the voices have grown stronger and louder in my head, preventing me from completing basic tasks such as the ability to drive, having been involved with police and vehicles thrice over the past two weeks. 
Every moment of my life, 7 and 23 tell me that I am a worthless piece of shit that should kill everyone that has given me a perceived slight – even if said slight is non-existent.  7 and 23 sounds like my parents. I hit myself over the head over 250 times per day, not in front of the residents of course.  It is now getting to the point to where I continually stare off into the distance; and I need about 12 hours of rest per day just to feel semi-awake during the day.  

Over the past couple of months, I lashed out.  I drank a shit ton of Everclear, I tried suicide multiple times  (be it choking myself, taking a bunch of pills, hitting myself over the head, cutting myself, etc.).  I was hospitalized twice.  The first time I was hospitalized for suicide ideation and intent for 72 hours. During this time, I became paranoid after another patient said that I would be hunted down by the Government and later killed.  The next week, I spent a few hours in a hospital drunk tank after attempting suicide again by drinking some Everclear, although I managed to talk myself out of spending time in a hospital. 

I fear that many people in my life have been killed and have been replaced by duplicates.  That is the only explanation that I can come up with for my folks going from being normal during early childhood into becoming abusive as I aged.  It is the same explanation I come up with for why one moment, my opponent will be friendly towards me and then the next minute, say I lack knowledge and look at me in a goofy way.  

I have thought about ending the duplicates lives.  I would never harm a human or any Earth creature.  However, what about those creatures that would murder others and take their lives over?  
	I take my medications daily, I attend my psychology sessions once per week, I have my partial hospitalization program upcoming early next-month.   It still does not alleviate the pain that I have, be it physical or mental.   I am afraid that by getting this off my chest, someone will find out who I am and then my life will be ruined, be it being canned from the one job that I truly love, being exposed by my opponent and blacklisted from local party politics, or being institutionalized for a significant period of time, ending up in a state of homelessness later on in life. It seems to me that historically at least, that everytime I tell the truth,  end up in more trouble than if I lied.  

   IDK.  Should I kill the duplicates?  I have a machete to help me out if needed, although 7 said that I probably would be killed by them. Due to the earlier argument with my Pops, I am afraid he is going to assault me; and thus I have carried said melee with me at all times. I am afraid if I was caught that I would be canned and made homeless however if I was hospitalized due to a lack of family or friends. 
	Back to work. 
