Just need to say some thingsIm 16, and im a kid who has no idea what he wants to do or who he even is. I have a good life, everything i can ask for, but every day i wake up with a massive hole, emptyness i cant really describe. Everyone around me seems to have everything figured out, everyone is happy, stisfied. I have parents who have worked hard all their life to be able to support my sister and me. My sister is hard working, capable and trustworthy. And I, well I am the fuck up. The lazy, worthless, piece of shit, and as my dad said "everything i ever hated in life ". Ive recently had a fight with my parents because of a C mark in school (online school). I havent been doing much in quarantine except spending all my days in my room locked away for hours. I do go outaide with my friends for long walks and going around the hills and mountains around my town. I spend my days in discord talking to my friends and playing videogames trying to escape from the outside world. Ive been wanting to die for a year and a half maybe even more. I think life is beautiful and worth it, i think people should never do something that cant be undone but i dont think life is for me. I dont really wanna spend my days roaming around in the dark stumbling with no idea or direction on where to go. Death feels like the only option i have. I feel like im never going to get out of this hole ive madefor myself. Im so lost. Im so terrified of life, im scared of failing. My parents have made it clear that im a failiure, and i just dont want to fail anymore. I never thought id be the person i am today, worthless and miserable, and i always had a high opinion of myself. Ive never been happy, truly happy, there were times i was happy, when i wanted to live but they were shortlived and not for the right reasons. I thought i was going to write a little bit better than this but im sorry, im not very good with expressing myself this way. 

I dont know what i want from this post but i guess i just wanted to talk to someone and i dont really have anyone. Anyways thanks.