Someone is trying to kill me.. Me.I am in a very disturbing place in my life, im 34 and have suffered from PTSD, anxiety, depression, and alcoholism/addiction pretty much since sexual trauma when I was 12. 

I dont want to feel like I want to die all the time anymore, to the point that I want to die. 

I am medicated, I have played guinea pig for my doctors for too long. I take an SSRI and some benzos when my doc is nice enough to prescribe them. I have tried too many brain altering chemicals and Im finished punishing my body to find that one that "works". All in all, I honestly dont feel SSRIs, SNRIS etc etc have done me any good. Studies show they are no more effective than placebo. And having used so many combinations I am inclined to believe that sentiment. 

Yes I have had suicidal ideation since the ripe age of 12, but never as much as on anti-D's. But I continue to take them.

I dont really know where to start. I am looking forward to seeing my therapist in 4 hours.

Bottom line, I am doing the things people suggest to recover. But still want the pain to end. I stay away from alcohol, cuz its the most dangerous psychotropic drug on this planet IMO. I see my doc at least once or twice a month and regularly take my meds as prescribed. Here are the major stressors in my life currently.

-excessive absenteeism at work (all my FMLA claims are being denied, they dont see paralyzing anxiety as something serious) so im about to lose my job.

-loneliness, my partner of 16 years left me last year and got remarried, grief, pain, jealousy... I attempted sucide twice over this in the past year. Feeling better about this sitch but will always be there.

-legal issues.. facing a potential dui, spent christmas eve in a jail cell. automatic suspension for refusing a blood sample. ( I am very confident I was under the .08 limit but who knows)

-isolation. fucking killer..

Yes things do get better sometimes, but the reward to pain ratio is not worth hanging on through the bad times, they say it will get better.. heres the ugly truth. it does, but my mental illness will come back to kick me in the ass always. ALWAYS.

IDK why i am even bothering with this.. I will get the usual "things get better" 

The best thing that can ever happen to me would be to have a terminal illness.  I could make peace with my God, people would treat me with compassion, who calls a cancer patient "lazy", I could die without the trauma that suicide causes to my loved ones. 

If my doc stops prescribing the tranquilizers so I can have a semi-normal life. I am going to the streets. fuck it kjahf;lakjnl;kncas