I don't know what to do... Help.First off I am a male, 17 years young... I am a senior, playing soccer and running track... I used to be apart of this community, I had another account and I would spend endless nights on here helping other people... I used to be the happiest person ever. But since senior year hit, I don't know what I am doing with my life. I don't know how I am going to be successful when I am older. I fear being a low income single person. Moreover, I always loved seeing everyone smile. With senior year being so stressful, I searched for a companion. I believed that I had found "love." I have spent the pass year devoting my time with this girl. Recently our six month relationship came to an end, not because we didn't work, but because her parents said she is not allowed to see or speak with me. I am being escorted to my classes at school, as well as her. I am constantly supervised. I haven't heard anything from her... With all of this trouble, my beaming state of mind has came to an end. She made me so happy. I have spent my days: missing work, missing soccer, and laying in my room; broken. Since then I have also been fighting partial schizophrenia, I can't tell the difference between dreams and reality. I don't believe life is real, I don't have any emotions anymore. I resemble a vegetable. I have the worse panic attacks. I can't take it anymore. I want to just give up. I used to fear death. Now as I look at it, it's just this: continuous peaceful, content, unconscious/unawareness state of mind. The only reason I haven't done it yet is because I promised her I would never hurt her. I want to experience life again. I just don't know how to overcome any of this. Last night, I panicked because I was telling myself to just do it, but all I could think about is how hurt she would be. How unforgiven, how disappointed, and how torn she would be. I don't want to be selfish and hurt everyone else for bringing myself peace, but I also don't want to continue what I am going through anymore. I JUST WANT TO BE IN PEACE WITH LIFE AND BE SUCCESSFUL!!! PLEASE! Help me overcome this.