I don’t want to kill myself, but society dictates I have to.I don’t want to kill myself, but society dictates I have to.

It’s not anyone’s fault, it’s biomechanical processes which dictate I need to be pruned from the tree. I can’t integrate with anyone and society no matter how hard I try. I can put on my best, I can dress well, do everything and nothing happens. So I’m entitled. I have skills, but those don’t matter. Nothing matters but if people like you or not, That’s literally life. If people like you, they help you, they commiserate with you and network with you and together you live. I don’t live and nothing changes that. People like to yell at anyone who says that and tell them they aren’t trying.

What do you do when your best effort isn’t enough? I can think I am worthy, I can deep in my heart believe it and work toward it, but it doesn’t matter. The bar is too high, apparently, and I am sinking. So soon I have to kill myself, I’ve been “lucky” and had extenuating circumstances keeping me from it prior, but now I know I have to. People are kind of shitty, they have no problem watching you fail and even encouraging you to take wrong steps as they snort and giggle behind your back. No one says it to my face, but people don’t like me. I take that back, some people do, but those people say that sort of thing to everyone. I can’t do anything involving another person, and no amount of effort changes that. Because we have to exist in a society, I have to die. So this is that and that is this. But I don’t understand, people say life is hard and that we all die in the end, and that life is suffering, and the entire idea of an afterlife is that this one is sort of shit, but I don’t understand why it is so difficult to make anything happen? Is that on purpose to keep people like me from ever getting a leg in? I don’t get it, but I’m getting too old to keep keeping on when quite literally, nothing has ever worked correctly and my peers double down past me, but I get the impression they don’t even have that complex of cognition, it all just comes to them naturally. I am so envious, and will be until I am nothing but a mess to be cleaned up, just like I always was, but at least that time someone else gets a chance.

There is no place in society for people like me, not socially, not in any sense. I can try to be a good person, but all that ever earns anymore is the title of “entitlement,” while others whip past me getting patted on the back for doing half of that and them going out to lunch and enjoying the show. I understand how people become homeless now, and it's not because they are incapable, or even mentally ill or addicted, it's because there is no net, and people really like to associate with the winners even if just the illusion of such.