Chronically ill. Suicidal.Sorry this is kind of long. I just have a lot to say and nobody in real life will listen. 

I’m chronically ill with, what my doctors call, a severe case of Ehlers-Danlos syndrome. All of my joints dislocate on a daily basis, sitting too long will cause fabrics to rip into my skin, standing up makes me blackout instantly and I hit my head regularly because of this, I can no longer walk and use a wheelchair to get around, I have a problem with literally all of my organs from this, and I’m constantly in pain. There is no cure for this shitty disease I was born with. As of this year, I can’t drive anymore without vomiting or falling asleep. 

Since it’s gotten worse this past year, I’ve been struggling in school. Since I have accommodations through my university’s Accessibility Resources, I have excused medical absences and no late penalty for assignments. However, all of my professors tell me to drop out since I haven’t been able to attend the last two weeks. Even before I got worse recently, they always keep trying to ask “what’s wrong with me” and I’m not comfortable sharing that with them and it’s incredibly awkward. Additionally, they’d always call me out in class and say shit like “I know this makes you uncomfortable, [name],” or “Would this work for you? I know you can’t walk.” I don’t know if they’re actually trying to be helpful but they make me feel singled out in front of 30+ people. One professor even keeps trying to meet me outside of class to talk about my “medical issues.” Accessibility Resources is in the midst of dealing with all of those problems, since I can’t deal with this anymore myself but it’s going nowhere. 

I’ve been diagnosed with Major Depressive disorder with psychotic features. Another doctor says I’m probably autistic on top of that but I can’t afford testing, since my insurance generally only covers 1% for procedures. They covered $17 of my brother’s $15k sleep study. I see psychiatrists, therapists, rheumatologist, occupational and physical therapists, cardiologists, gastroenterologist, a connective tissue clinic, and neurologists. I’ve been seeing these people, from three different hospitals, for years now. I’m just not getting better. 

I’m going to have to drop out of college since I can’t get to my classes or do any of the work. I have to quit my job because I can’t get to work. However, this job is waiting to fully hire me (with benefits and better health insurance) when I get my degree, since I’m two semesters away from graduating. But I’m throwing that all away since I literally can’t leave my bed. 

I’ve always been suicidal since I was ten and was constantly in and out of psych inpatient units. Since 2010, I’ve tried to kill myself 20 times. The last time I was in an inpatient unit (last year), one of the male nurses pressed his erection into my back, and I can barely go into hospitals anymore because I’m just terrified of male doctors and nurses now. 

I’m on ten different medications for a myriad of reasons and none work as intended. 

I don’t have any friends, at work or from school, so I don’t have anyone to talk to or get help from. I lost all of my friends within the last year because they’re “tired of being friends with someone as disabled as [me].” 

Last time I called 911 for assistance, they tried to put me in an inpatient unit, but chose not to after explaining what happened last time and that I’m actively seeing doctors on a weekly basis. 

I’m at a loss and feel permanently stuck. 

When I drop out, I’ll lose all of my scholarships and grants and won’t be able to even do part time. So college is pretty much over for me, even though it was my favorite thing to do. 

I don’t plan on living much longer. I’m done. I can’t live like this anymore. I’m so emotionally, physically, and academically exhausted. I’m truly not meant to live normally in this world and I’m tired of trying. I haven’t left my bed in days and don’t have energy to eat or drink. 

Thanks for reading this, if you did. Nobody bothers listening to me in real life, so I guess it’s nice posting how I feel here. 

TL;DR: Can’t do anything because of physical illnesses, probably going to kill myself soon.