"Life is hard."If your life is great and you never wanted off this ride; if you have a great career, loving family and hope for the future; or if you believe that life is now an amazing adventure, understand that you are the *exception* and not the rule.

For most people who think about suicide, at best, life is a struggle for meaning. At worst, it is series of unspeakable horrors that march on day after day.

Maybe what people need to hear first isn't, "Don't do it, think of your family and friends" -- which is, no doubt, an important message to convey. Don't get me wrong, I am not advocating that we shouldn't derail the runaway train before it launches itself into the chasm.

But perhaps that message can come after a true expression of understanding and fucking compassion in some form of the statement, "Yeah, life is hard for me, too. It's brutal for most humans. I see how difficult yours is and I acknowledge your pain, brother."

There is rarely or never an acknowledgement about the *reality* of the human condition. If you do not achieve a full and rich life, you have somehow failed. Maybe we need redefine success to applaud people for simply managing to hang on for as long as they have and not hold out a societal expectation for happiness.

For some situations, maybe their greatest achievement is managing to hang on this long. And maybe the best we can do is help them through that rough patch so they can continue their unbroken record of 7,346 consecutive days of not killing themselves. In some circumstances, and some lives, that may be the greatest feat.

It strikes me as odd that suicide prevention is often doled out by mental health professionals who have fairly successful lives on the surface. 

Yes, I know their first response is going to be that their life isn't exactly easy, but if at first glance you have a Ph.D., financial security, and a bright future, maybe you don't present yourself to be in a position to understand the existential crisis many people face on a daily basis when living a difficult life (regardless of your education or what research says). Someone who is successful and attractive and does not  have firsthand knowledge of a life filled with failure and rejection should probably be the last people to deal with suicidal individuals. 

Maybe it's time to stop treating it as a disease or a symptom, but the understandable response to overwhelming difficulties, pain and strife.

Honestly, many of you just don't get it. And I don't think you know how common it is for people to consider taking a way out of their struggles. Yeah, I don't care what that stats say. Without the threat of a forced stint in a psych ward or even a label, the majority of people with shitty lives will admit they have thought about it. They aren't going to admit it to a doctor or researcher. But they *do* admit it to other people with equally difficult lives.

If you haven't wrestled that beast, your words come off as ignorant criticism, hollow advice, or outright shaming. That is why so many of these threads ignore those comments in favor of others *expressing camaraderie* by redditors who are also experiencing the same pain.

You professionals might want to keep that in mind.