How long do I need to keep on failing before I can just give up?I was so selfish to have children. My first child ended up in the nicu when he was born, and I almost died having him. He had medical issues and would choke and have difficulty breathing every single day. He was at high risk of dying from the flu or even a cold, and was at high risk for SIDS. My second child, my daughter, died shortly after she was born, and I also almost died having her. Having to help a choking child that can’t breathe every day for years on end and having to worry about any little germ  is exhausting. He had gotten much better over the years, and isn’t as high risk. I also have an abusive husband, so 100% of child care is on me 24/7/365. We’ve been separated for almost five years, but we’re still married and he still controls me. I tried to get a divorce at one point. The week I told him I had gotten a lawyer and wanted a divorce, he went out and bought a hand gun. So we stay married. I think he’ll kill me if I divorce him, possibly in a murder suicide. He’s threatened to shoot me before. (There’s no help available, so don’t be delusional and suggest it. I’ve asked the police for help. I live in a small town, and was told a protective order is just a piece of paper that would make him angrier.) I was abused growing up. I was raped multiple times as a teen. The first time was at age 13 by my step brother. That lasted for years. I’m just giving this background to show how messed up I am. A traumatized f#%*ing mess. I’ve been to years of therapy. I’ve read self help books. I’ve tried 12 step programs. I went on antidepressants for a while. I’m just a mess. I had no right to have a child when I’m like this!!! I feel guilty about it EVERY DAMN DAY. It’s getting worse as he gets older and he can “see” me more. He says I’m weird. He says I’m a slacker. He says I’m fat (I’m actually not even that fat... but getting fatter by the day). Today he called me an idiot. He talks back to me. He lies. He doesn’t want to do much other than play video games online. THESE ARE ALL MY FAULT. I know that. Because I’m so messed up. I’ve never gotten mad at him for telling the truth, so I honestly don’t know why he lies so much. Sometimes I try to delusion myself and think it’s because his father lies CONSTANTLY about EVERYTHING, but I have my son most of the time. It’s on me. And I don’t want to hurt him by killing myself and having the other kids taunt him and say horrible things like “haha your mom killer herself” or “even your mom didn’t like you” or whatever else horrible things they might come up with. But I feel like I can’t do this anymore. I’m trying to be a good mom. I try to talk to him about things. I try to encourage him to play sports. I try to get him involved in things and have kids over (pre-pandemic), but I’m too messed up to be a good mom. So how long to I have to stick around and keep failing? Now we’re isolated due to the pandemic, and he can’t have friends over, and I can’t keep distracted by going places and doing things, and I’m having a hard time doing anything.  It’s excruciating struggling through each day and failing. Being a good mom is SO important, and I don’t want to live with the guilt any longer. I don’t want to keep on struggling and failing and seeing the damage I’m causing. How long do I need to stick around and keep failing? What’s the point? I see lots of posts where people say “cut ties with your toxic mom”. Maybe I should just cut that tie for him.