My girlfriend wants to kill herself and I have no idea what to doSorry for the book but here we go;

Throwaway because my friends know my account. Also to preface this, she has kind of been making me feel like shit about this all. Maybe i'm just over reacting but i'll go into depth about that. Keep in mind she also has tried to commit suicide three times before but this was before I met her. She told me this like maybe a month ago. I'm M(18) She is F(17) Please don't just say "Shes young. Young teenage girls always feel this way." Or you guys are still young you probably won't be together that long anyway. I really don't feel that way and need help. Especially since shes tried it before. She also has had 2 other close friends who have killed themselves. 

 Anyway I've always noticed signs that she was kinda depressed but didn't really bring anything up. I.e she sleeps a lot and when ever something bad happens she doesn't really like opening up about how she really feels etc. Today is different though. It is really hard for me to also help her because she says a lot of bad stuff has happened in her past but she doesn't feel comfortable telling me it. She has told me though that she used to live with her real dad but after a custody case was forced to move from NY down to PA. Her mom barley likes me because I have already been caught sneaking over to her house and we got caught in a stall at school yesterday and got suspended for it. (I haven't even formally met her mom yet)  We weren't planing on having sex or anything she just ran in there as a joke and I stupidly followed. This makes everything so much harder because its not like I can just show up to her house at any time and be there for her.

 She got in a lot of trouble yesterday with her mom and she feels like its finally the last straw and opened up to me a little bit. She was saying how she feels extremely depressed in the area we live and that she hates living at home with her mom. She is still young so she can't move out. She was telling me how she feels like her mom just uses her since her mom is single so she has to clean up the entire house and take care of her brother like he is her son and feels like her mom doesn't care about her at all and just uses her for that. She does all this because her mom works all the time and she is currently a single mother.  She also told me how her step father (No longer in her life since there is a restraining order on him now) did some stuff to her when she was younger. She didn't get into much detail just said that he was rubbing her weirdly and then said she no longer felt comfortable continuing talking about it. She was saying how she just wants to leave our state and go to NY to live with her dad. She knows I don't believe in long distance relationships but doesn't really care and wants to go through with it anyway. She says she will live up there for a year then come back to our state to finish college but I doubt that will actually happen. (Reason number one that makes me feel like shit but I guess I can see where she comes from) She was telling me how she hasn't felt happy at all and even said to me that I can't even make her feel happy. (Reason number two I feel like shit about this) So fast forward through like a 30 min convo while we are video chatting and ON CAM she starts looking in her medicine cabinet. Right there I started telling her to relax and almost started crying so I told her that I was headed to her house but she said she didn't want me going over because her mom was gonna be home and that I couldn't be over. After flipping out she told me to relax and that she wasn't actually gonna do anything. Fast forward another hour maybe of us just talking and me trying to relax her she tells me that she thinks she is going to call her ex tonight because the last time she attempted suicide he "really helped and talked her out of it" (Reason number three that made me feel like shit, this one hitting the hardest) I told her that it made me feel like shit that she said that and that I feel like no matter what I can't help her. She told me she wasn't gonna do that but I feel like she might call him later tonight. She constantly tells me that there is nothing that can change her mind and that she may not do it now but at some point she feels like it's going to happen. I've tried talking to her and telling her that its gonna be okay but I feel like I just can't help. She was also saying how she is going to give me my valentines day present tomorrow since shes "Not sure if she will be able to give it to me on Valentines day." About five minuets later her mom came home and she had to hang up.

I am sitting here typing this just waiting for when ever she can get back to me. She can't even message me or anything because her mom took her phone and I feel like absolute shit and have been balling my eyes out all day. Part of me knows that she won't really go through with it but there's just the thought that she may and that shes been talking like this all day. I honestly have no idea what to do. I feel like she doesn't care how I feel about this whole situation. If you have made it this far I thank you so much and any help would be amazing. 

