DepressedSo. I really don't know how well to explain my situation.

I'm 16, and I don't really do a lot. I've never gotten myself a summer job and all I seem to do is sit on my butt an play on the computer. 

One of the things that entered my life last summer are these things called "intrusive thoughts". For short, they are (usually) scary thoughts that enter your mind. Thoughts that you would never see yourself doing, but the picture of you doing those things feels so real and scares you. One time I had one where I thought I had to go throw my dog off a bridge into the dam with flowing water.

I've gotten better now and managing myself when I get these thoughts. I still get them sometimes, but it almost seems like a normal part of me now.

Anyways, relating to the thoughts, my first intrusive thought I ever got (well, the first one to ever officially bother me) involves a game called ROBLOX. I had an item that I worked almost 5 years to get. It is a rare and expensive item in the game, and I valued it a lot. But then I got the thought of putting the hat on sale for only 1 credit and quickly taking it off sale. 

It might not make sense to you at all. But, doing so would probably have ended with someone with a bot buying the item, and me losing my Dominus (which is the name of the hat). Again, I valued it so much and worked so hard and long creating shirts to achieve it, that the thought of me losing it and getting nothing in return bothered me so much to a point where I thought about killing myself. 

In the end,I needed to get rid of it. It got so bad that I would puke from the anxiety. So I ended up selling it for $300 dollars in real money.

I could have sold it for twice as much if I weren't going insane. But a I valued it so much that I probably never would have sold it at all. So now it's gone, It's nearly impossible to get it back, and I've recently been depressed about it. (That, and a mixture of school).

Long story short, I know that it might not seem like a problem to post about here, but it's been bringing me down lately that I needed to get help getting over losing something you valued a lot. A problems a problem. 

(Please don't just say things like "it's just a game". It meant a lot more to me than that.)