I'm stuck. Please answer me. [Long..]I have had a couple of belts tied up to my closet metal hanging rod and its sat there for close to 3 months. I look at it every night. I feel like having the ability to do it makes me feel good. I'm terrified of the after life and I truly feel like a fox in a bear trap. I mean I could bare through all this pain that I feel and bare the scars when I chew through these theoretical paws of mine...Or I could just wait for my solution to come weather it is in my favor or not. 

My story in short as possible is my parents split when I was 2. I love with my grandparents and my dad who is a recovering heroin addict. He died on the sidewalk and was revived. I smoke pot occasionally but that is it and that is one thing I look forward too in my day and I DONT DO OR WANT OTHER DRUGS PERIOD POINT MADE. My grandmother married a highly verbally abusive husband who is my grandfather. He has been so loud and mean that now my grandma is a shy shell of her former party self. She is afraid to assert. My mother I love too but she moved from our home here to Illinois pursuing other dreams at the ripe age of around 20 if im correct. I had lived with her abusive boyfriend who repeatedly hit me and has ripped my hair out, locked me in the basement and made us take showers down there...our beds were down there. Carpeted warm-ish but it was so gross...she never ever meant to put me in harm but she doesnt or didnt know how to raise me and my little sister at the time. I am split between 4 family members. Im very shy. I go from being a hardcore classic rocker to Drag Queen wanna be to wanna be broadway performer. I have NO IDEA who I what to be. Im 20. My grandpa thinks I'm going to be a future alcoholic druggie. I have no support. and if i get it its just to "Get the fuck off your ass and do something with your life. But I feel like I try to put my 2 cents in fair enough. I dont have a job but I do help bills with my band money. I use the rest for our food and I usually save a little for some green. 

I feel like a complete failure and SERIOUSLY all I have ever wanted was to love someone. Or at least have someone love me. For me...Not because we are family not because i have "mad guitar skills
". I love my music life and I love performing and I feel so alive when I perform yet the second I get off the stage I just want to hang. I have a sub to "watchpeopledie" and tend to watch suicides alot. I cant imagine the pains of these tactics but Idk how I could do it but in my head I have this obsession with suicide that is scaring me. I have cried myself to sleep because I get ONE thought of my grandmother dieing and I go into this freak out melt down. I have emotions like a PMSing tween and I have no clue how to pull myself together. Im not ready to die. But I really need someone to but the hypothetical stick in my bike wheel before I fall off the edge. PLease comment seriously or go away. 