There is no way to fix myself.I don't even want to get better, and I have every reason to be happy and grateful. I have a loving family and group of friends. I'm always able to find money some way or another. I don't have any responsibilities and am free to go wherever I want and try anything I want.

But the one thing I want, and have wanted since I was about 9 was to just die. I don't really want to see tomorrow anymore. I go to sleep reluctantly and wakeup reluctantly.

I keep telling myself that "Every day in every way is getting better and better," but I just don't believe it anymore. And I'm not even sure I ever really did.

I've already laid out how I see my life going:

I'm either gonna bounce between jobs and homes or I'll find some place and some line of work to settle down in. So far I've held little to no consistent interest in any place or occupation. I get bored pretty quick, so maybe I'll live on the road taking jobs as I go.
I hope that I'll keep my friends as lifelong friends, but I don't know if we'll always get along. Though I don't think I'll have too much trouble befriending others. Though I just can't really appreciate what my friends can give me. It doesn't feel like enough. Part of me says that's just me being ungrateful. The other half says that I just haven't found anyone on my wavelength.
I'm not going to have a family. I want so badly to have a woman whom I love and who loves me, but any time the opportunity comes, I'm not ready. Even in my fucking dreams. A beautiful girl will come into my life, and right as things get intimate, I can't do it. I can't kiss her. I can't let her tell me she loves me without breaking down and crying and running away. I want to be okay with a woman loving me. Or really anyone loving me. But when when I really think about my mother, my siblings and my friends, and how I know they all care about me, it just hurts. It doesn't feel good. I don't want them to love me. I don't love me. I wish I could love myself. I wish I could be happy that I am so loved by so many people. But it just hurts.

I expect that I'll be the first among my friends to die. I'm the oldest and the most suicidal. So if I don't kill myself, age, smoking and poor self-maintainance will. But I'd rather my friends die first. I don't want them to suffer my death, especially considering the likelihood that it will be self-inflicted.

And so I can't kill myself, that would be too harmful to them.

I don't want medication.

I don't want a psychologist.

I just want to stop existing.

Or at least to just vent on here.

If you actually love me or care about me, don't tell me that.