i don't know what to do and i think suicide is the only option i have left I'm in a really weird state of mind. I'm not feeling right. I'm looking in the mirror and I just see someone who's horrible. I see myself as the most atrocious looking person on the planet. I actually think everyone is more good looking than me and I'm just the only one who's this ugly. I don't know why and I don't know how to stop this. I don't want to get out of the house anymore. I don't want to hang out with my friends anymore because I think they are embarrassed to be seen with someone as ugly as me. I feel like I disgust them.   
I also feel like my personality is horrible, like I just disappoint everyone around me constantly. I can't stand myself, I hate that I have to endure my presence 24/7. I used to like things before. I liked my English classes until I met the 2 teachers I have now that made me realise that I am shit and that my English is, also, atrocious. I liked drawing until I realised I will never be able to pursue a career in the creative field because nobody really supports the fact that I want to go to art school and I'm starting to think they're right, how could I, the biggest fuck up on the planet, succeed in any career, really? I used to like life in general because I was happy, I used to enjoy everything. I used to be like a little ray of sunshine, always smiling, I loved everything and everyone. I don't understand what went wrong. Where did I go wrong. Now I just feel like nobody loves me, like nobody will ever be able to love me. Everyone around me is getting into relationships and I'm just the only one that can't be loved by someone. It breaks my heart because I always imagined myself being a bride. I always imagined that day as the day I'll be the happiest I could ever be. But that can't happen. Not to me.  
I'm feeling sad, sometimes empty, like I'm just a shell. I don't want the feelings of sadness and emptiness to go away, I just want to feel happiness once in a while. I want to feel like I'm not that horrible, like I'm at least a little bit attractive. But i just can't 

So i think that instead of living with only sadness and emptiness and self hatred it's better if i just end everything. It'd be better for me but also for everyone around me, they won't have to deal with me anymore