I know i'm selfish for ending my life, but i'm not sure how i can justify continuing to suffer.Exactly like the title says.

I've heard lots of people tell me that i shouldn't exit because i'll deeply hurt those close to me. I can get on board with that argument, i don't want to hurt anyone. And just because the act of ending my life is intended to end my suffering and not hurt others that doesn't absolve me of the collateral damage, just like shooting a missile to kill known terrorists might be itself justifiable but the collateral damage of killing the children beside those particular terrorists isn't. I can get on board with that argument too.

The follow up is the hard part.

Am i supposed to wait until they (those close to me) die so i can end my life? The logic is that once they are gone i'll have no one close to me. Unfortunately I'm certain i cannot take another few decades of my life, the last two with this depression was quite enough.

Am I supposed to go homeless but keep up appearances in their lives? i'm too shattered to keep working now. My finances are slowly draining away and while i have a bit of cash on the clock it won't be long before i'm a penniless waste of space. These people will not support me when i finally get evicted. Are they to see me for the rest of their lives as a homeless vagrant?

Yes they'll suffer when i die, i acknowledge that. Am i supposed to suffer life for them?

I'm not even actually a part of their lives anymore, i don't see them for months at a time.

What is it about my presence that they honestly would *suffer* from not having? I asked them, i got answers ranging from they needed me to fix their computers to they liked my sense of humor. Other people can fill those roles, is there something about my ridiculously hansom face they can't live without? I'll leave pictures.

I honestly thought life was about maximizing happiness and minimizing suffering. But there doesn't seem to be workable solution here. To maximize the happiness of others i have to minimize my happiness and maximize my suffering. Now to minimize my suffering i'll maximize the suffering of others.

It's not fair.

I have to suffer monstrously to keep up appearances for people i only see a few times a year.

But that's what i'm supposed to do.

I'm required to suffer for others.

I can no longer justify that. I'm selfish. 