On the ledgeFour years ago this week, I was on top of the world sitting poolside in Capri Italy drink in one hand, cigarette in the other. I was thinking to myself, how could things get any better. I just got promoted to portfolio manager at a hedge fund and I could hopefully make some money for a change. Up to this point, I felt like the only guy at a NYC investment firm with holes in my shoes. 

My first six months of managing money went really well. I was in the top quartile of portfolio managers. Things were off to a great start. 

Then, one Monday morning, I was getting ready for work with CNBC in the background. Suddenly I saw the headline that the Department of Justice was investigating the fund I worked for. I did not have any involvement and no relationship whatsoever to the people involved. Hell, I never even met any of them. But, boy... these dishonest pricks sure had a major impact on my life. 

The fund ended up shutting down due to the bad headlines. Investors pulled their money. Most PM's with longer track records ended up getting blanket offers from a competing fund. However, a handful of us younger PM's and a few PM's older in age (40+ years old) got left out in the cold.  As a small group, an attempt was made to re-start a small fund but it did not work out for most of us. After a couple years of struggling to survive, I was let go. The group just didn't gel well and from day one, I felt I did not fit in. 

That was a bit over two years ago. Since then, the rest of my life has fallen apart. My marriage was damaged. My wealth has evaporated. My health has declined. I have trouble sleeping, eating and living in general. I'm on three different medications and regularly see a therapist for help. 

My wife got a ok job in Chicago so we needed to move out of NYC. I've had my apartment in NY on the market for over a year. The co-op board rejected the only buyer I had for discriminatory reasons. I have a low likelihood of selling the apartment with COVID and once it falls off of forebearance, the mortgage and assessments will soak up a significant amount of my liquidity. 

My mind is a mess. I have ADHD and I'm now incapable of concentrating for more than a few minutes on anything. Depression and anxiety have taken over. I somehow talked my way into a project, my only hope at stemming the financial mess I'm in. I was fired as soon as I began. I never received a dime.

Last month my father was diagnosed for cancer. Last week my son was diagnosed with autism. Any day now, my wife will ask me for a divorce. 

I'm regularly bursting into tears out of the blue. It seems life is a torture chamber for me. Not in my wildest dreams have could I imagine this living hell I'm in. I have no idea how to stop the freefall. I feel abandoned and shit on. I just don't know how to go on like this.