I’m a fuck up.I can’t do shit. No matter how hard I try at something, or for how long; no matter how hard I study or work towards something, or seek tutoring, I just fail every time. I’m that person who will follow instructions down to every last bit of information, and still fuck up badly. 


I make stupid mistakes all the time. It doesn’t matter if I’m going slow and taking my time, processing my next move in my head, or if I ask someone for help, I fuck up hard. Nothing ever goes how I plan it. I consider myself to be very meticulous when doing jobs. I still fuck up. Why? Cause I’m dumber than a box of cow shit.


I push people away from me, often without realizing it. Friends, family, teachers, co-workers. This is because I think I’m funny but I’m just an immature piece of shit. And it annoys people. 


I don’t want to be here if I can’t just be a normal human being. It’s beyond frustrating to know that people liked me, and by trying to be a comedian, just shove everybody right the fuck away from me. 


Also I have no regard for my safety. Sure I wear safety glasses when using tools, but how about all the lead fumes I’ve inhaled because I didn’t want to wear a respirator? Or all the fumes of paint strippers and mineral oil I’ve inhaled? I’m hoping this puts an end to my life real quick. (But not too quick, more on this later)

I had been going to a therapist. But I lied to him too. My depression never went away, I just hid it. Every time I went I would be asked if everything was going well. And with a smile on my face I would say yes. And he fell for it. But no. Nothing is going well. 


That comment about my safety? Wel, For what it’s worth, I’m only alive because I have a cat, whom is by far my best friend. I can’t die just yet, unless it’s an accident, although I crave death every day. Every god damn day, no matter what I’m doing I always think about how I could die while doing it. (Driving, falling into a lathe, inhaling toxic fumes, etc) 

I don’t want to be here any longer, but I have to suffer because I love my cat more than anything or anyone. 


FUCK. 
 
