Please help me with my GF's plansI'll be cross posting this to r/depression because I need all the help I can get to help her, location is in the UK. I appologise if this is a little jumbled but I need to get it out and some help. 

A little background, suffer a large amount of work related stress at the begining of December and also some home related stress, she does not have a good family support network, there is a history of abuse from her father (who is no longer around) and her mother is very selfish and my GF could find a home at r/raisedbynarcissists. She had an attempted suicide when she was a young teenager and there was therapy but she left and did not resume it.

Basically a few days ago my GF admitted that she had planed to kill herself. She had it planned for a few weeks before X-mas. She booked the last week off work, planned on spending it with me being happy then taking the local train down to another main station near us and stepping out on one of the through trains that goes past at about 120mph. If she had not told me this a few days ago then she would have at the time of me writing this been dead about five hours.

She had about five weeks ago been diagnosed with depression and placed on citalopram to be taken once a day. She seemed alot happier but upon reveling her plans to me said it's seemed to also numb her and made the idea of death peaceful and happy. She had written a good bye letter to me and another in her works locker to say sorry to the people at work. She had bought the train ticket that would take her to the station. She said writing the letter made her already feel like she had died and made her happy. She was going to send a text to work saying she would not be in the next day. Then she said she planned on waiting to see the train lights and stepping out believing that she would be me she was stepping towards. That she could then be with me and be relaxed and just wait for me to join her. She told me because she felt sad that she might lose me though. 

I've talked to her about it and I believe I managed to get through to her but I don't know. I've told her that it's not me that she would be stepping towards and her gone forever from us and she's acknowledged that she had not tought it all the way through and that it would have been her abandoning me not staying with me. She says I'm the only thing that keeps her from doing and she can't bare to lose me it but I don't know how long that will be enough. She refuses to speak to her doctor about it or even the effects the citalopram seems to be having (she was warned these feelings might be a side effect and to let them know), she feels that they can do nothing to help and will make it worse to talk about them to someone else. She had not yet been appointed a talk therapist for her original diagnosis of depression but I feel she would not attend the talks even if she currently had someone ready. She talks and worries about having the sudden impulse just to do it before she can tell me or planning it again and keep talking about how things would be okay afterwards. I'am getting her to plan other things instead, a holiday we planned, the days out we talked about, booking events and activities to help her improve to focus on our life here and not in her head.


She does not want me to tell anyone else but I know I have to. I plan on asking her boss to let me know if she says she's off the next day (I know him personally and he has a background in the health service and I believe I can rely on his discretion to give me a heads up and watch. I plan on speaking to her doctor in advance of her next appointment this week to see if she can get her to open up and get more help. Her family are not an option, I know they have a right to know but with the history or abuse and emotional manipulation I can't trust them to not make her feel worse and tip her over. 


Please help me, I know if I don't act I will lose the woman I love but I fear that If I push in the wrong way then I'll lose her too. I need some insight to help me approach this the right way quickly so that she feels she has my support and love still gets the help she needs.