Feeling suicidal againI dont know how to start this and I dont know how to write this without it being confusing but... (I wrote more than necessary and deleted a lot of what I wrote so it probably wont make much sense, pretty much the last paragraph is the only thing worth reading I suppose

When I was little like 2-6 years old, my cousin and I shared birthdays and our family would come for our party but they always showed up for him, talk to him, gave him attention, and they would never talk to me and made me feel like an outcast at my own birthday party. When I was 7 years old I asked my parents for us not to go see our family and for us to do our own thing, and it was like that up untill now and I would invite everyone in my family but only my aunt and my grandmother would show up every time (which i am very grateful for and I thank them each time they showed). 

Also while I was growing up my father, out of my two brothers and I, treated me like I was worthless and always made me feel like shit every time I wasnt 'manly' (I was 5 years old). And I think around this time I started to feel depressed and worthless.

When I was in 5th grade my best friend died because he had a small heart. When the teachers told everyone that he died and explained what happened I just cried so much in silence. When our school held a funeral for him all I did was cry, I felt like I was the only one crying at least the only one that was loud. After his death all I thought about was me being alone and not having anyone and feeling so depressed and suicidal...

The following year towards the middle of 6th grade I had this friend that I was really close, I felt like we could say anything to each other. One day during class she was crying silently and I seen her arms and how much blood and cuts on her arm and I just hugged her and told her "everything is going to be okay I'm here for you" and she pushed me away and told me that no one cared for her and that she wanted to kill herself and I just felt my heart broke. I didn't know what to say to her I struggled so much to find the words to say to her but before I could she walked out of the classroom. After that day she blocked my number and never talk to me again. 

The next year 7th grade I had my first real relationship and I liked her so much and we were together for a year. We both were suicidal and depressed and we were helping each other and getting better together. My best friend at the time told me that he had a huge crush on her for the longest time and after a couple of days of him telling me that he told me a huge lie saying another guy kissed her and she kissed him back, I felt so betrayed and felt like I couldn't trust someone again. Later when my ex and my best friend got together, he told me that he lied to me so I would break up with her and he could have her. I didnt know who I could trust at that point. After what happened I felt so depressed I attempted to commit suicide, I climbed on the roof of my apartment and tried to jump off and break my neck and hopefully die... I couldn't being myself to jump. I think I traumatized myself that night, I am so afraid of heights now I feel so scared being on a roof. 

During my freshmen year I had a small group of friends like 5 or 6 people. Every single day for the whole school year all of them bullied me, I was pretty much their punching bag, my 2 guy friends they would always hit me as hard as they could (I'm a very skinny dude). And during class my English teacher would bully me in front of the class and use my work to show my classmates what not to do. And she failed me on all the assignments and test and even the final exam essay because she thought I copied an essay off the internet.

I moved away after that year and I'm in an independent studies school which mean I go to school once a week for about an hour. I literally have no friends anymore I been by myself for the past two years, I dont have anyone to talk to, I just isolated myself in my room for the past two years and me doing that worsen my anxiety and made me even more anti social, I cant say hi to my parents or family without getting anxiety. I feel so depressed being in my room I dont know what to anymore. I play video games to distract myself from my depression... I can't keep this up anymore I feel more depressed and suicidal than I ever did, 3 months ago I tried to drown myself, a month ago I start cutting my arm with my knife... I feel so alone, and depressed being in my room. I can't go outside cause there is always someone getting shot or stabbed. Sometimes I feel like getting so drunk that ill go run in front of a car and die... Funny thing is I'm suicidal but I'm afraid if what happens after death...