Does it ever end?Some days it feels as if things might get better. Then there are days like today. The beauty in the world just isn't enough to make me want to stick around anymore. I've wanted the pain to end since I was a little boy, and it hasn't. No matter what I do, this pain follows me, everywhere I run to.

Have you ever felt alone, truly, and utterly alone? I go outside, I walk into a crowd of people, I am terrified, and I am alone. I go into my room, to hide from the world, and I am alone. Everywhere I am, I am alone. And it's not the worlds fault, the world simply doesn't care. The only time I don't feel alone, is when I share myself with others, and even then, how am I to tell if they really care? I care about them, but how do I know that this feeling is mutual? Every time someone has told me they loved me, or that they cared about me, it's turned out there was an ulterior motive, a lie behind a facade. Fool me once..

I can't come up with a justification for enduring this anymore. Some think that we make our own destiny, and some think that we reach our place in life because of actions that are out of our control. Neither of those matter to me, as even if I don't really have this choice to end my life, simply because I was led here by a series of unfortunate happenstances, I am still here. This choice might be nothing more than an illusion, yet I still take comfort from it.

Which takes more strength, enduring a trying life, or killing oneself? I'm not an intelligent person, yet I can clearly see which choice is harder. We are hardwired with very few things, however, the most powerful driving force in our lives is our will to live, and survive. For myself, the will to live no longer outweighs the suffering I face. A simple question really, can some this up in it's entirety, a question that I've asked myself every day of my life. Is it worth living, or is ending the suffering a better choice?

In the end, does this question really even matter, if I am alone now, and I was alone yesterday, and I'm alone tomorrow? No one knows or cares about this suffering. Those that do will quickly forget, it will fade from their memory in the same way all memories fade.

I am of no consequence to the world. My life has no meaning, and it appears that it will continue to be that way.
The only question that matters now isn't why, not anymore, as we know why, but how. How does it end? Does it end in flames, and searing flesh? Does it end with a high velocity impact slug, carving out the inside of my head? Does it end with foaming at the mouth, and eyes turned up towards the sky? Does it end with a heart attack at the age of 50, sitting in a chair, looking back at how a failed life could have gone so wrong? Eventually, it will end, if not by my hand, then by the hand of time. Is it worth the wait? Will I pull through this hell? Will I ever hold onto happiness? Will my son forgive me if I do take my life? Will those that tell me they care about me, hate me, or will they even remember me?

I don't want your pity. I don't want your understanding. I don't want your sympathy. I want this pain to end.

I want to love, and to be loved. I want to make people happy, and be happy myself.