Allegedly as much as 51% of transgender people attempt suicide. I think I’m gonna join that statistic. (long af life story, trans stuff is like half way through).I have to die.

I don’t want to spend the rest of my life like this. I thought about nothing but suicide today. I’ve thought about it probably everyday for about 3.5 years, since I was 14.

I was a complete recluse back then. I had no friends. I never said a word in school. Frankly I was too scared to; I had really bad social anxiety. Being put on the spot would give me a panic attack. I was very shy as a kid but as I grew into adolescence that shyness turned into something very debilitating.

I thought everyone around me was immature and stupid. I realise in retrospect this really wasn’t true. The thing is, when I was about 11/12 suddenly I was exposed to a fair amount of adult shit, at the end of a childhood which I would have described as mostly happy. So I ended up maturing/going through bouts of depression, meanwhile everyone around me was still just a dumb kid.

So by the time I was 15 and hadn’t had a friend in years nor really talked to anyone my age, I just assumed things were the same. But then a guy started to talk to me, and that really changed my perspective.

My mindset was pretty stupid back then. Social isolation led me to make drastic assumptions about people I knew nothing about. I was the immature one.

Two years ago things started to look hopeful. I was so tired of being socially anxious I just thought if I forced myself to do all the things I was afraid to do, I’d get over them.

It kinda worked. I made some friends. I changed a lot, for the better. I started to hate myself less.

But here I am now.

I’m still terribly anxious and unhappy. Awhile ago I started to feel like I was going insane. I felt like I was living in a simulation. I’d constantly break down hysterically in my room. No one knew what I was going through. I often wanted to scream at my family “you aren’t real!”. No I’m not joking.

It was a sort of existentialism. The universe either always existed, or it never did. Or maybe there’s a third option, something wildly beyond our understanding. But we’ll never know. We’re just a bunch of primates living on a piece of dust in the vast expanse that is the universe. We don’t know why we’re here and we probably never will.

It just dawned on me one day I guess. That my life isn’t some film. It’s all meaningless and trivial. Not everything is a plot thread which will build to something in the future. My life is just a brief period of insufferable bullshit between non-existence and non-existence.

At first suicidal thoughts were scary. Then comforting. And now exciting. I fantasise about just lying down and my consciousness fading. It sounds orgasmic, just letting go of everything. Listening to music is the only thing I’d miss, nothing else really brings me joy anymore.

This is the past though. I have new extra fun reasons to kill myself now.

I’ve been feeling a lot of peculiar things lately, things which turned out to be common experiences of transgender people.

I’m a trans girl. Before you try and lynch me, just google stuff about the transgender brain. I was born like this. We both were, me and my sister, she just figured it out much earlier.

When I look at my life through the narrative of a girl being forced to live as a boy, a lot of things make sense in retrospect.

Wanting to dress like a girl as a child. Crying when I got my long hair cut short because I was tired of being picked on; I hated that I looked like a boy. Struggling to make friends with guys but easily making friends with girls. Being embarrassed going through male puberty, but likewise being jealous of girls and the changes they were getting. For so long I thought girls were so lucky because of the way they were treated in relationships; I wanted everything they got. I assumed I’d never be happy in a relationship as a result. I’d hear love songs and just get so upset wishing I could be like that girl. Wanting to wear a dress at my future wedding and take his/her name (im bi lol). I hated the games boys played as a kid and always felt inadequate because of it. Being into things like art and drama where I was one of the only boys in the group. Likewise I always wondered why the careers I was interested in were all female dominated areas. I remember as a kid wanting to play with girl toys too and owning some that I didn’t realise was supposed to be only for girls.

Somehow I ignored all this until now. Suddenly it hit me like a tsunami in the past few months.

I already was heavily suicidal before this.

It’s a horrible reality. What am I? WHAT THE FUCK AM I? The research on the transgender brain is still in its infancy. Studies have shown that brain structure and functionality of trans people is virtually identical to the gender they identify as, even before transitioning. It’s all been scientifically proven. If you do an MRI scan of a trans person’s brain it’ll say it’s the gender they identify as. There’s a lot of different documented causes for being trans, and the list is growing. Obviously what ever caused my sister to be trans caused it for me too.

But wait, what was that word...

“virtually”

So no doubt portions of my brain are still partially masculinised. 

What a horrible fucking thing to have to accept.

So am I not a real girl? I’m some sort of hybrid due to a stupid birth defect?

WHY THE FUCK COULDN’T I JUST BE BORN NORMAL??

My whole existence is a stupid, meaningless joke. Like someone came up to me one day like “ayyyyyyyyy lmao im only joking fam you actually were a girl the whole time pffffffffff dumb ass motherfucker actually tried to live like a dude this whole time aaaaaaa”

It’s just so so so

Meaningless. It’s just a stupid joke. I wasted my life trying to play a role I was never meant to play. I was meant to be a girl. But now I never will.

Transgender healthcare is so bad as well. No one should be forced to spend more years of their life as the opposite gender, and yet it takes years to get seen to possibly get hormone treatment. You have to be diagnosed with gender dysphoria as well, something which pretty much everyone in the trans community agrees varies massively from person to person. Some even have none. My sister had chronically high levels, which is largely why it took me so long to realise I’m also trans because I couldn’t relate to her at all. She’d have panic attacks over seeing herself in a mirror. My dysphoria is much more moderate. You should be let make the decision to transition if you an informed educated adult. Waiting years for a diagnosis and to be treated is largely why documented suicide attempt rates among transgender people is as high as 51%.

And I don’t care that I’m probably going to be a part of that statistic. Another reason why those rates are so high is because of the fact that society is so transphobic. Your chance of being murdered doubles if you are transgender. We are born this way, science backs this up, and yet we’re treated like trash.

I don’t care that I’ll be giving in and letting transphobes win or whatever by killing myself. I’ve had someone message me telling me to hang myself. 

People like them are largely why I’m probably gonna do it. 

But I just don’t fucking care. 

I don’t want to be a political statement.

I just want to be happy like everyone else.

But I never will be.

I just want to be normal.

But I never will be.

I just want to be the girl I feel I am.

But I never will be (?). It’s so fun being an unexplained biological anomaly.

I don’t want to fake another smile ever again. I don’t want to have to say I’m “pretty good” when all I think about is dying.

I don’t know if I can kill myself though. I’d be taking my dad down with me. He cares about me too much. I could probably convince him in my suicide note that this is for the best, I was never gonna be happy etc. But I still think I’d ruin his life.

Wow. I always hated myself and felt pathetic for hating my life because I felt like objectively I didn’t have it that bad and that I was just being melodramatic for feeling this way.

But it’s taken me until now to admit that my problems real.

I’ve never ever once said these words, but I guess I had to contemplate how I was going to hang myself before I could admit it:

I’m depressed.

This may seem stupid but I genuinely have never said this.

I’ve never talked about being suicidal either.

Please don’t try and argue transgender science to me. I literally can not take it. I’m a human being, please be nice to me. I can’t help that I feel like this. I cling to certain explanations because otherwise I’d go insane (although for the record they still are agreed to be the most likely explanation of transgender people).

I don’t even know what the point of this was. No one’s gonna read this shit.