I feel so stupidUp until a few months ago I [25] had never loved another person in a romantic sense. I had gone on a few dates, but never actually dated someone in any serious fashion. I ended up befriending a woman online about 7 months and it progressed to her admitting she was falling for me. I was naive and inexperienced and after a while I began to feel the same feelings that she had. We would spend hours together every night on skype, watching documentaries or learning about each other. She turned into the best part of my day. I couldn't wait to wake up and read what she had texted me while I was sleeping. It was like a little present every morning. She was visiting her parents nearby after we had been dating online for 5-6 months and she really wanted to see me. She ended up visiting me 3 different times during her trip and sleeping over twice. We meshed so well together, I have NEVER felt more comfortable around another human being. Not even my family. After returning all she could talk about was how amazing the trip was, and how much she loved me. Again we'd spend our nights talking to each other, about our childhoods and dreams, about music and art and food. I could talk to her forever about anything. I wanted to see her again so badly that we worked out a great time for her to visit a month after her first time seeing me in real life. I flew her out to my place again and we spent 4 amazing days together. We hiked and cooked and made love. We would spend hours in bed just wrapped up in each others embrace. I have never felt that level of intimacy with anyone. It took a good deal of effort for her to pull herself off me and board her flight home. After she gets home shes incredibly distant. She tells me that she spent 3 days in her room just burned out on human interaction, not wanting to even see her roommates. Every night shes too tired to skype, or has plans. I sense something is wrong so I confronted her about it. She says after she got home she felt like she didn't love me anymore. That she had "OD'd" on me during our trip. She explained that she had hoped her feelings would return to normal but two weeks later theres no change. It was like a fucking light switch. I don't understand the chain of events that went into play. How can someone do a complete 180 turn on me in the span of a day? It's really been weighing on my self-esteem how someone could just throw me away like that. At what point in the future is the next person I love going to do the same? I just keep analyzing it in my head, what I did or didn't do, if I was too boring, if I wasn't funny or charming enough. I can't understand why she doesn't love me anymore. I'm starting to fear that I have fallen down into a place I don't have the strength to pull myself out of.