Im going to be homeless in 2 days and will lose my animals. Im disabled with Fibromyalgia. Im leaving this world. I have nothing left.7I have an evil landlady who is 75. She has. "Fiance" in a prison. Hes a felon serving 13 yrs. Hes 30 yrs younger than her. Shes rich. She does whatever he says. Hes a moron who found out 7I was getting ready to go to law school. Im not enrolled - the law school cant help me. Please dont go there. He was coming up for a possible Judicial Release and wanted to make sure he got out. This nutty landlady, who lives next door to me approached me 0saying he wanted my phone number in case she had a "health emergency" [read money emergency]. I knew this was nonsense but she pressured me big time, insinuating I needed to do this because she let me have my 2 dogs and cats here. I very reluctantly agreed. He wanted me to do legal research for him and write a letter to the judge on hid behelf and he wasnt nice about it it. He called me all day every day. He began threatening me, subtley but clearly. He also said I would lose my apt and my animals. This woman told him every personal thing she knew about me. I started losing weight. I began seeing a therapist for the first time in my life. I knew if I refused his calls or wouldnt help him she would evict me. I cant afford another apt where I could have my animals. I have no family, no friends. I dont know anyone here. Im in a suburb of Cleveland called Lakewood. Please dont argue with me that she cant legally evict me. She can an last Thurs she did. In OH you need NO reason. It was a verbal lease. The hearing was a joke. I didnt get to present any evidence or literally say one single word. Landlady knew the magistrate like they were best friends. She sais, " I want her out". The felon didnt get his Judicial Release. Shes mad at me that she wont get to marry him. Right. I am very ill with Fibromyalgia. My life is nothing but pain and fatigue. But I work as much as I can. I have a pending SSI application but it can take 2 yrs. I have 2 .days. I could find another place to live but I had 16 days. With the animals and my illness 16 days isnt enough time. Theres an agency that claims they will SO help you: Lakewood Service Center. Theyve done virtually nothing. Theyve taken their sweet time and wasted what little time I had. Its a cruel joke. I contacted one of the TV stations via their contact form but never heard back from them. Thise LSC is telling me I have to give up my animals. Not doing that. I actually found a place with a family that will take me and the pets but LSC have to inspect the home. They will give you $1000 for 1st mo rent and deposit if it passes muster. It will, but it cant be done in 2 days. This really enthusiastic social worker who is supposed to do the inspecting during the day, M-F. These people work. They cant do that. The public kennels here are hell holes that make you wish you were dead just going inside. Thats why I want to go to law school - to get animals Civil Rights. My 2 dogs and my cats are all geriatric. 2 are sick. They need me. I cant take it. I love them. Theyre all all I have in the world. Im 59 yrs old. Not 23. I cant take abandoning them - they will think) in this hell hole. Itll probably kill 2 of them. NO THEY DONT PROVIDE THEM MEDICAL CARE. The workers hate them.
IVE DONE NOTHING WRONG. NOTHING. I have lost 50 lbs in 4 months from anxiety and seeing this coming. The hardest part of all is not taking myself out its abandoning my animals. They will suffer in hellish misery for 10 days to 2 wks before they put them dowm- KILL THEM. GAS THEM TO DEATH. This has been my lifes work. I know what they do. I wish somebody could help me but Im so tired I have nothing left. 2 days. *I would give so much for 1 real friend. I could stay in someones garage. But no one will help or care. After Im gone there may likely be some public discussion about how "unstable" I was. Im not unstable. There is NOTHING wrong with me.p but Ive had enough - Ive been fighting this for months. I have nothing left. Im leaving. In a few days my dogs and cats I love with be with me..