Feeling like a burdenSo i've been diagnosed with Bipolar Disorder and i'm also narcoleptic. I'm 18 and have been pretty fucked up for as long as i can remember, my first suicide attempt was at the age of 11,didn't talk to my parents about my issues up until i was 15 and i overdosed, my brother found me laying unconscious and called 911. Since then it's been a lot of trips to the psychiatric hospital and shit.
I now have treatments for those two things, but still attempted suicide up until i was 17, my last attempt i tried to hang myself but the rope broke when i fell unconscious.
My worst suicide attempt was at the age of 16 which endend up with me being in a coma for three weeks.

My grandfather was paranoid and was terribly abusive of my father. My mom had to get adopted at a young age because her mom killed herself, she had been diagnosed with schizophrenia.
Also, my brother was diagnosed with depression and tried to kill himself once.

I seld harmed a lot, mostly cutting myself, then developed an addiction to heroin at the age of 16, i drank, and still do, a lot of alcohol, even though i don't drink as much now. But when i do drink, i get wasted ans usually end up pretty bad.

I have a boyfriend, it's been 10 months now, it's all going so well between us, we're talking about moving together next year, i couldn't be happier with anybody else.

But thing is, i'm terrified of ruining everything. I'm so fucking scared.
I feel like a burden. I feel like i ruined my dad's life. There is not a day that goes by where he's not worried about me. I have a bad relationship with my mother, so i feel like i'm ruining that too.
I'm scared of making my boyfriend unhappy. I'm terrified of burdening him with my problems,just like i was scared of burdening my parents.

I don't want to feel like dead weight anymore.
I already talked to my dad and boyfriend about it, but whatever they say, i can't seem to believe it. They say that i'll never burden them, that they're here, and will always be, here for me.

But i still feel like shit. I hate being mentally ill. I hate myself for needing others so much.

I still sometimes wish i'd never woke up from my coma. It would all have been much easier, for everybody.

My boyfriend would've never met me, my father would've already moved on by now, and i would finally be at peace knowing i'm not a burden anymore and that i can finally let the people i love live their life without worrying about me all the time...