Just another suicidal personHello. I don't know why I'm making this, I'm not trying to be edgy or anything. Just wanting to explain how I feel, Maybe some of you might get it. 
I'm suffering.. I don't remember the last time I was actually okay, lately every thing feels like an effort for everyone but myself. They say its good for me. No its only good for them to see another person go into their agenda. Living a social life, a lie. Its a lie to me. Fuck this bullshit. Everyday is misery and no one notices my pain. They only notice what I've true doing to get out of this Fucking life. Living. I don't feel like I'm living. The only reason I'm not dead already is because of this one girl 3 k miles away.

 Im a piece of shit. White privileged piece of shit. At least I have a job and papers but god i feel so useless. I don't want to get up everyday. I don't want to breath. Sometimes I try seeing if I can just stop breathing. Or shut off a part of my brain that makes me remember to breath. So I can just fall and die. But if I did, shed be in pain and god who knows if this pain will go away while I'm alive

Last week I got diagnosed for severe depression. Anxiety and bipolar disorder. Fuck. I don't want to be here. I don't want to see people looking at me different. If I just did go through with my death I hope people could move on. Just move on, but no. 

Apparently I'm just seeking attention. "Crying for help" Fuck them all. I don't want help. I'm not crying for attention. I'm only here because I don't want my fiance to die. I only went to therapy last week and to get diagnosed because my girlfriend was worried about me. Because I laid on the train tracks. 
I just want them all to leave me alone. 

What is wrong with me? I don't know.  Literally every thing. I don't have motivation anymore. Anything else I do is just to please everyone else. To be a "great HAPPY citizen" and a part of "society"  
I'm isolated. Even with therapy. I keep getting worse. Angrier. Sadder. I'm just trying to hold on to this.
I'm scared that all my problems are making my girl's problems worse 
