Worthless degenerateI share a similar story to many here. I am 18 years old, I attend university which is supposed to be 12 hours a week but I only attend a couple hours a week of classes. I sit at my fucking computer all day, going to the gym once a day and working once a week, while everyone in my family berates me about what a worthless piece of shit I am. I have no friends, no one to speak to about how I feel. My mother calls me ugly on a regular basis as well as a bludger (yet I was 98 percentile in high school?), I see what my friends from primary school are doing and I just think how little I have done. I get told I am wasting my life and I guess I am. I've never really thought about all of this all at once and its making me cry, fuck im a baby, are men even supposed to cry? I am the only male in my family not on medication for mental health (skitzophrenia [spelling?], bipolar, depression, etc) yet I don't think I need it. It would just be an excuse for what a worthless piece of shit I am. Acquaintances tell me to join clubs at uni and socialize but it is hard to have confidence when your own family reminds you everyday of your inability to just be normal. I get high everyday and that was good for a while, now its just a few hours I don't have any memory of. I go to bed at 5am every morning and wake up whenever.


The one thing that's keeping me holding on is my siblings. My sister and brother. They never bring up the fact I spend all my time on the computer and just talk about normal things with me. Sometimes I feel like they only do it because of pity but I try not to think about that. When im sober i dont want to kill myself but when I have a few joints and start drinking it really gets to me and I look back at what I was thinking and it honestly scares me. 

Finally, the punch line is I really don't give a fuck that some guys get all the girls and go to all the parties. I am perfectly content to sit at home and watch movies, look at reddit, study, Diablo 3, LoL and I follow house, the mentalist, community and game of thrones. What I care about is my constantly being critisized about this and losing all sense of worth. 

Sorry about my awful grammar and typing. It was good to get this out there, thankyou.