A story Along the dry green grass, he walked tirelessly. His shield, scratched and scarred, weighed him down heavily. His dirty, dented armour wore loose around his body as he dragged legs forward. The night sky, filled with an ethereal glow of many forgotten colours, lit his way. His helmet sat tightly upon his head, his face of youth hidden in a shroud of war, its dull complexion shone just slightly in the gregarious light.  He was a fool. Alike many others. He believed in the bishops’ promise. He knew blood lead to damnation, and but was told more would lead to sanctuary. He had believed and followed them to the Holy Lands. He believed he fought in valour, but only in fool’s honour. Many had the youth killed, many more he would have if he had let the zeal let him. He was a fool, sharing the stage with many more, and only he had left. A damning trickery had lead him there, now a regretful insight had lead him back.  He doesn’t believe in much anymore. Many had lied to the youth, and he knew many more would.   He left in the night, after the fools raided what they were supposed to liberate. A deserter, or traitor is what they may call him, but he knew he had already committed those crimes long ago.  Now he strolls the lands back to his home, though a long way. Here he continues his regretful melancholy in a field of grass, unlike the lands he battled. A land which he had never seen. A land filled with simple complexity on a divine scale. The green grass drifted in the soft push of wind and the stars drifted in the soft mechanisms of the universe. Both come in contrast to each other. Though vastly different, they exist as one, playing they roles as they must, and stoically peaceful.  Along the ridge, he sees them. Roses. Roses of blood red, and pear green, enclosed in a royal glass of solitude. The youth approached and studied. The red head stood strong and the end of its green pillar, the glass casing imbedded itself in the ground around it, cutting it off from outside intervention. The youth grasped the glass in natural curiosity.  The simple touch of the handle unleashed the utmost complex and brilliant secrets of the universe, life and everything. The way the wind blows, why the stars move, how the waves form, why the bees sting. The Rose. He finally understood. He understood the very foundation on which everything relies.  Balance  There must be war for peace  There must be complexity for simplicity   The pillar must hold for life