I feel like I'm unlike to others, a failure. I don't think I deserve anymore to live in this world.The more I exist, the more I feel I'm unlike others and theorize that I'm mentally disabled, just like my brother, and some other members of my father's side family. Normal people can go to school easily, without losing any stuff, they can think naturally and say everything they want, they don't make any mistakes, I always make mistake that ashame me in public. 

I'm a failure, I never think, eat, naturally, always in my own world, I feel like that I have issues who other people haven't, I feel like a burden for my "friends" (I don't know if they consider me as a real friend, considering many friends in the past had backstabbed me)  I don't think I deserve to live anymore on this planet, I don't think there is any solution for me, It's just the way I am. I've began to theorize that I'm mentally disabled like my brother since November 2015, I've theorized that I've asperger's syndrome. (My brother have Pervasive developmental disorder, and some Uncles and Aunts on my father's side has issues too) But, after the summer's vacations had begun, I could again go seek refuge in my own world. But now since hell had begun, I've theorized that I have ADHD, because it matches with what I did in the past. 

People around me don't think I'm mentally disabled, but when I begin to stress or something like that when I'm alone or with my parents, I begin to bite myself or scream, I know that my parents are fed up with this, so I will no longer make suffer them, I don't want to live anymore with this life. Why normal people should live an easier life than me ? or why should I live an harder life than normal people ? It's not fair, I don't think I will survive this. These days and some months before, I see myself hanged on a rope, or I see my former school when I was bullied burning to the ground. Because It's this, if I want to live, I have to burn it, so I could be free and unleash my anger to those who bullied me. Or I decide to end my suffering, and people will be no longer annoyed by me. 