Everyone is better off without me so I am going to disappear to make their lives easierIt has become very apparent to me in the last few months that all I do is make everyone else around me miserable. They all tell me to communicate and that they want to help me but every single time I do they tell me how horrible it makes them feel about themselves and how miserable they are. I have pretty severe PTSD and ADHD and talking is extremely hard for me to begin with so it has taken a lot for me to finally start vocalizing how I feel. No matter what I do or how I word things no one ever seems to actually listen to what I am saying and instead takes it personally and then proceeds to make whatever I was trying to confide in them all about themselves. 

I have tried to make things better, I have tried to be better this entire year has been dedicated to that and things have only gotten worse. I don’t see how I am supposed to live like this or how anything is supposed to get better. I am 22 and I can’t even support myself or be independent in any way. All I do is use people’s money and resources trying to fix myself which at this point is probably futile. 

I have decided that it is finally time to take account of my actions and do everyone else a favor and just disappear. I will drive until my car runs out of gas and then I will walk from there. Far enough away where no one will find me and while it may hurt at first I know everyone is going to be so much happier without me. I have tried every single thing I can think of to soothe this situation but it has sadly come to this. I hope everyone will forgive me and I hope they understand that I am only doing this because I love them more than I could ever love myself and their happiness is far more important than mine. 

I have to pick up my last meds before I am able to make this trek, but after that I think it will finally be time to go. I’m scared, honestly I’m so fucking scared and I don’t want to but I know it’s what needs to be done and I see no other way out of this. I just hope that everyone will finally be happy now.