Just found out antidepressants can cause brain damage and memory lossI literally have no hope left. I've been on a cocktail of psychiatric drugs and migraine drugs for years with little to no effect on my mood. I've been diagnosed with severe recurrent major depressive disorder, severe generalized anxiety disorder, and PTSD. I've been on so many antidepressants and now my psychiatrist wants to try another one to see if it helps. It's obvious my depression is treatment resistant. I've even tried taking psilocybin and LSD. I've been in a psych ward for 5 days. I've tried exercising, being in the sun, shit I was even vegan for 6 months.

I'm ready to give up. I can't do it anymore. I'm ready to stop taking drugs and stop eating, drinking, and living. I have several panic attacks a day and spend my days fantasizing about dying. I wish and pray for cancer everyday.

I don't care that other people would be sad. It's more selfish to make a person in severe pain keep going. They would get over it eventually and be better off without me. My death would free up resources for my sister and alleviate the burden on my family. My own mother even said I was a burden.

And now I found out that long term antidepressant usage can cause memory loss and brain damage, which explains a lot. I can't remember anything and struggle with everything.

I saw a psychologist for ADHD and learning disorder testing and he insinuated that I was faking it for stimulant drugs. I was referred to a neuro-ophthalmologist for my migraines and he said I got migraines because I was overweight and didn't bother running any tests. I walked out sobbing because I have a long history of body dysmorphia. I sat in my car crying and even looked up GPS  directions to a bridge people in my area commit suicide by jumping from. When I got raped, it was someone I trusted and loved and I disassociated so badly I lost time for days from the trauma. I couldn't even report it because there was no evidence and reporting it would just traumatize me more. When I told my mom about the severity of my mental illness, she said, "maybe it's my fault for not raising you to be strong enough". I wanted to die right there because she was right. I'm not strong enough for this harsh world.

I'm 22 and have no car from car accidents, no job currently, living off student loan money, and on academic probation at my university.

I'm ready to go. I'm crying because I don't really want to go and leave behind the people, animals, and things I love. But it's my only way out. I've been spiraling for years and I just don't have the strength to keep dragging my corpse around. I'm tired. I want to rest now. I've calculated how many mg/kg of a certain medication to take to likely result in death and what to take with it. I might attempt before thanksgiving. God, I'm so fucking tired of living.