From me to whoever is reading, Goodbye.I am not really sure how to start this at all, im not sure if I even want to do this or if im going to give this to anyone once im finished. What I do know is that if I don’t do something about this then im either going to end up where I was 3 years ago or just dead which goes against the whole mantra of being alive somewhat. The main reason I am writing this down is because I don’t feel like I can/have anyone to speak to about these topics but I do feel an inherent need to do so.

I have a lot of unanswered questions in my life, a lot of things that have just been swept under the carpet be either myself or the other people involved, I feel obliged to pursue answers as to why, where and how these things have happened in the way that they did.

This whole thing might seem over the top or even crazy to some, however for me these are things that have plagued my mind for as long as I can remember, after speaking to a few people within my life I have managed to extract from them that talking about issues might help remedy them to some extent. I am not one for talking to people face to face about my personal issues, a lack of confidence combined with being betrayed by one of the few people that I was comfortable enough to share with have left me without the ability to do so therefore this is the next best thing for me.

Perhaps it is because this feels anonymous, or that being typed rather than actually said gives me a sense of separation from doing this therefore I feel more comfortable within myself.

It’s easier to do things chronologically, easier to read and process for both myself and whoever is reading this.

When I was younger my biological father left, I remember a lot of what happened at the time but at the same time I don’t.  I distinctly remember one evening when presumably my mother had gone out with her friends, upon her return he was very angry and tried shutting her leg in the door; this whole episode remains unanswered as to why this was happened. After he left I remember a lot of accusations being thrown around; some of violence/cheating etc, at the time I was what I presume would have been 7 or 8 so I couldn’t really understand much. I would like to make it clear at this point that I want nothing to do with my biological father at all, from what I remember he was violent to my mother, he refused to pay child support citing the house was enough (apparently) and overall he seemed like a cunt. This was confirmed at later dates after I stumbled across old court paperwork and the conversations I have had with him since being an “adult”. For me my Step dad is my real dad, I remember saying a lot of things to him when I was younger that I deeply regret, part of me wishes to go back and resolve these issues but no one seems like they want to which is frustrating but also understandable.

Fast forward a couple of years, between my biological father leaving and my mother meeting my eventual Step father my behaviour got a lot worse. School started to suffer; it got to the point where I had to go home from school at lunch times because I was a nuisance, I was sent to various psychologists to try to “help me”, I don’t really remember much of what happened with these meetings apart from that I distinctly remember not enjoying them. 

Amongst many other things somehow it was discovered by kids at school that I was having to go to a doctor etc, obviously kids at  that age are not the nicest of people, this led to a lot of piss taking. If im honest part of me is glad that I reacted badly to it because at least it gave me an avenue to vent my anger at something however it obviously had seriously bad side effects at school, no one wants to have their child in the same class as the “short fuse child”.

Being put on Ritalin was probably not a good idea, once people at school found out it became a point of ridicule which obviously in turn made things a lot worse for me. Officially they diagnosed me with ADHD and tourettes, the tourettes being the pyshical ticks as opposed to the more publicised verbal ones. To this day im not sure of this diagnosis myself, I did see that I had some weird “things” that I felt compelled to do but im not 100% sure it wasn’t just OCD instead of tourettes. The ADHD part of the diagnosis makes sense from what I have seen so far, short fuse, severe irritability, inability to let certain things go, inability to focus at times and at others being unable to pull myself away from a task.

I always felt/got the impression that most of my family didn’t really accept/believe the diagnosis, a lot of the time it felt like they thought that I was just “acting up” and that I would just “grow out of it”. This was further concreted in my mind by the eventual ostracisation by most of my family; although it was mostly for other reasons It just goes to show that they were short sighted to put it nicely. 

As I got older things got progressively worse, my ticks calmed to almost nothing but my temper seemed to just grow worse, at first I put it down to adolescence/puberty however with how I am currently I feel that it was more than that, life at home got a lot worse and I put on weight quickly. I leaned towards staying inside and playing games over going out and doing what “kids should do” at my age.

When I was 17 almost 18 is the point to which things came to a head, the arguments had been getting worse and worse at home and I was on the brink of being thrown out. One day whilst at home by myself I decided to download porn, I remember the title being something along the lines of “Young girl next door” etc, I forgot to delete it completely after I did the deed and the evidence in the recycling bin was found by my mother. My mother overreacted when seeing it and took the title as something that was more sinister than just porn, after a long heated argument I was kicked out, at the time I didn’t really have anywhere to go so I went to live with my grandparents. 

If I had known the trouble that doing that would of caused I would of just lived on the street as it would have been far easier on everyone involved.

This whole situation with me now being at my grandparents caused a family wide rift, people taking sides and a lot of old family issues across both sides being brought up in order to attack one another. The whole time I couldn’t shake the feeling of being at fault here, I didn’t speak to my parents for close to 2 years through family members pressuring people not to and me being a stubborn teenager.

Eventually I did speak to my parents and I tried to sort things out which worked for the most part, however this was met with distaste from my grandparents/auntie/one uncle, according to them I was taking a side and they took it as an insult. I can see where they are coming from however I was just trying to sort things out, little did I know that this would cause them to hate me even more, kick me out and my uncle to both verbally and physically threaten me.

Outside of my parents none of them really contact me anymore, im grateful for it however I do hear a lot of shit being talked about me through the grapevine even now, I don’t understand why this continues, In my eyes ive accepted that I am the black sheep and im completely fine with them just lumping blame on to me if it means they leave me alone however this seems like its not enough.

Recap, at this point in my life I had finished college with lower than expected grades, partly due to being kicked out and partly due to using it as an excuse to slack off from college. I had lost my job at McDonalds again due to personal negligence, I wasn’t entirely bothered about that but it did mean I had a lot of spare time to do fuck all with. I had managed to get a job through my uncle (the one that wasn’t threatening me at this point in time) for an apprenticeship which I was taking over going to university which at this point would have been just scraping in for. I wasn’t interested in the job at all however I felt like I owed it my parents to just do it to repay what I felt like I had caused in the previous 3 to 4 years, in hindsight I should of tried to do something I enjoyed but if im honest I don’t really know what I like or enjoy that could translate into a job so this was the next best option.

During my apprenticeship I didn’t particularly do that well, I spent most of my time hiding in World of Warcraft, I felt like I was failing at life doing a job I hated whilst hating myself at the same time, on the flip side I felt like I was successful in WoW so I ended up spending all my time in the game. Do I regret it? I regret the time that I spent as I just got fatter and lost a lot of friends whilst also fucking my apprenticeship up completely.

I scraped by in the end, just about finishing my college course and eventually I got my indentures, for obvious reasons I wasn’t kept on which I think at this point I subconsciously was glad, there was a lot of things wrong during my time at Vector. I won’t make excuses for my own behaviour, I know full well I slacked off and that I was lucky to pass however the way that some people in that place treated me was completely unacceptable. I could never come forward to HR with my own personal issues or raise how certain people were treating me because I felt like it would just get me sacked, one big regret I currently have is that the people that work there have a very outdated idea of who or what I am as a person and a co-worker, I want to go back to prove them wrong however at the same time I feel like it would be a waste of time. Whats done is done I just don’t like the idea of people judging me on something I did over 4 years ago.

I think it was at this point that I would officially say that I started to feel depressed about my life, I was 20 and I had never had a proper girlfriend, every attempt I made was rebuffed and I was just getting fatter and more jaded at the world and the people within it. I got a job at a local Aircraft place because some part of me knew that I needed to at least work to survive even if I hated it.

I stopped talking to friends from school/college/apprenticeship; I couldn’t drive so my life consisted of going to work, playing games and eating. After a while this gets to you and looking back on it now I can see how it started to spiral out of control.

I realise now that I had a fair amount of social anxiety when it came to going out/socialising, being fat for me meant that I got a lot of unwanted attention whilst going out in terms of name calling etc, over time it led to me just not going out at all. Over time I felt like I had forgotten how to interact with other people let alone women; I started to feel trapped within my own body/psyche.

A school friend committed suicide the second year of my new job, it bothered me slightly but the real impact it had on me was how it would just be easy to kill myself and not have to bother, being 21 coming 22 and in the position I was in I wanted nothing more to do with my life.

I met someone online through mutual friends, if I could go back and stop us meeting then I would do so without another thought. She was attractive, smart, funny, into what I liked and more importantly wanted to spend time with me (albeit online) however she was in a relationship. We spent a lot of time together and naturally became close, she wasn’t happy in her relationship and we were happy when we were around each other. Long story short she made a lot of promises, she would leave him, she would live with me, she loved me etc. which as you can probably guess was lies, to this day I can’t work out if they were malicious or whether or not she just felt sorry for me, either way it was horrible to experience.  I was devastated; someone who I had finally opened up to and poured everything that I had experienced in to could betray me in a way like this.

This pushed me over the edge, feeling like a failure at my new job whilst being hurt by one of the only people that you have emotionally trusted in a long time combined together to hit me like a slug to the chest.

During the 8 months of me “seeing” her I lost a lot of weight, almost 5 stone, she never said it bothered her but I always had the inkling that it did. Why would anyone attractive find someone such as myself attractive, This was compounded by my poor self-esteem, my weight issues, the way people are “meant to be” in social media and how usually thin people don’t go with fat (from what I have experienced).

I put it all back and then some, I was signed off of work with depression and anxiety and put on a lot of different medications, Amitriptyline to help me sleep, Citalopram and then Venisir for the mental side of things.

What made it worse for me I guess was the way work was, on the face of it it was mostly just banter which is fine in moderation, however with the social setup that was in aerosystems it ended up that “I couldn’t do anything right” etc which over time if someone keeps telling you the same thing over and over again you end up believing it to some extent.

Given the stigma that mental health has I put off telling my work for as long as I could, at the time I fully expected to be sacked but I couldn’t bring myself to care. I spent 8 weeks signed off, stewing in my own darkness spending most nights just crying for no reason, I lied to people saying I was “seeing a doctor”, this seemed to placate people asking how I was. Some part of me felt like people were only asking so as to make sure they were okay with themselves that they asked in case anything happened which although is understandable left a sour taste in my mouth when it came to interacting with most people in my day to day life.

After being off for 2 months I went back,  partly because I was “unofficially” told I was just going to be sacked if I continued, It is hard to explain how I felt in a few words, I will try my best to describe how I felt for what felt the longest of time.

During the time of being signed off I wasn’t earning as much as I should have been, this obviously had roll over effects in terms of debt. I amassed debt from living without full pay compiled with debt from attempting to buy happiness for myself or others which would in turn become happiness for me, neither of which worked. Credit card debt is hard to managed, a lot of interest accrued and in the end it all became too much, luckily I managed to get a loan for 15 thousand which would mean I would only have 1 payment coming out every month. However, this payment of debt hangs over my head like an executioners axe, I can’t stop thinking about it and its driving me further down, it is also acting as a financial clamp as I don’t have the expendable income to be able to learn to drive etc. Effectively my previous problems have now created a financial clamp which is now keeping me in a statis of work to live without being able to do anything else such as learn to drive etc.

I felt empty, this feeling of worthlessness and constant overthinking and self-loathing had started to become more than that, instead of being a part of the puzzle that was my life it was slowly becoming the entire puzzle itself, Even now if im honest I can’t remember the last time I was truly happy, Ive questioned myself as to what happiness is and if it can actually be quantified, this was brought to an abrupt halt when I realised that I couldn’t actually remember what being happy felt like. Life had become a singularity of just existing, I had reached a point of inner turmoil in which I had just accepted the darkness that I now found myself residing in, unable to open and connect to anyone outside whilst my own inner machinations being haunted by what felt like invading thoughts of hatred and disdain.

Im not sure if it was the drugs but after being back at work I started to feel “okay”, to this day im not sure my version of “okay” is the same as other peoples, my “okay” is that I can go to work and not just want to kill myself or fade into a wall. My confidence back then and today is non-existent, I have attempted to accept praise about my work or even “fake it to you make it” with lying to myself about things I do but it just doesn’t stick, I think subconsciously knowing that I am doing it means it just simply won’t work.

I have reached a point where I think people think me questioning what they say to me, be it praise or just talking is that I don’t trust them or that I suspect something, this leads to making most conversations incredibly awkward. It is almost impossible to talk to someone if you open with “Im probably going to distrust you and not believe what you say until you take a giant leap of faith with me doing nothing in return”.

When it comes to women I have just accepted that im incompatible, I have tried dating as a fat person, as a thinner person and if im honest I feel like I have exhausted every mirror image of myself that I can possibly think of. A few points are painfully obvious to me, I can’t trust people which drives them away, I see zero things about myself that I would like/look for in the opposite sex therefore I can’t expect someone to want something that I wouldn’t want myself. I have been away from attempting to socialize/date that everything just feels horribly awkward for me, I don’t feel like I know what im doing anymore and that is really uncomfortable for me. Before the point of “just be yourself” is raised I would like to point out that truthfully I don’t know who I am anymore, you make think that this is just “dramatic” or over the top but I honestly don’t know who I am anymore, I don’t remember a time before I felt like this and I can’t possibly get away from it if I don’t have a destination (a previous me) to aim towards.

As I said before, the past year and a half has been “okay”, I feel like I have been quietly sat around a neutral point, better than what I have been but by no means at a point that an average person would consider mentally okay.

Recently I feel a familiar feeling creeping back like an ominous shadow over my head, im not sure what if anything I can or want to do about it. Work is stressful, If I’m honest I feel out of my depth with the new role that I currently am in with a tremendous amount of pressure being put on to succeed or everyone fails. I feel like my previous colleagues have ulterior motives to catch me out with my lack of knowledge with what I am currently doing and use it to make a fool of me publically, I have no way to prove this but it is very evident to anyone that is concerned. I am torn between losing weight again and going against what I said of “fuck it I don’t care” when in actual fact a part of me does care, however the memories of doing it and then failing haunt me to the point where I really don’t want to try anymore.

As cruel fate would have it I have fallen for someone at work who is 9 years my younger, I don’t know what it happened and I honestly can’t explain it, something about the way she handles herself and her personality is just infatuating, not to mention she has really nice eyes and a very picturesque bum. She’s just a friend apparently, I don’t know what I can or should do, she’s the opposite of my body type not to mention the looks that we would get if a 27 year old was dating an 18 year old. I wouldn’t want her to have to carry the shame of that, although none of this matters as we are hypothesising in a world in which she wants to be with me which for the most part is a pipe dream.

In short, I feel an older shade of myself returning, this isn’t what bothers me the most about it though, what bothers me is that there is a growing part of me that just doesn’t care, a part of me that just wants the shadow to return, that wants to be consumed again. For the most part it would be an easy way out of what I am currently in.

Emotionally I feel stunted, I think most people want a lot from their love lives; I want someone that I can trust completely. I feel that previous experiences have led me to be moulded in a way that I simply cannot trust anymore therefore suggesting that it would be impossible for me to love therefore rendering me useless in a longer term relationship.

I have no idea what to do from this point onwards, I am scared to request a medication change in case it affects me at work and the alternative of just letting things slip is also not appealing for the most part.

If I don’t do something there is a very real chance that things return to a place where the outcome is not a nice one, however I can’t do much without alerting work/doctors which will in turn cause me to lose my security clearances therefore losing me my job.

I am boring.
I hate myself.
I am suicidal, the only thing stopping me is that I fear the pain.


This is my memoirs to the internet