I don't know what to doThis is a throwaway account. My life feels pointless and I don't know what to do. All throughout it I've had what I feel to be at least some kind of depression or another. Its on and off. I guess it probably started when I was about 11 and my parents split but it could be before that and I just don't realize it or remember it. When they got divorced I never really got a chance to talk about it with anyone. They sort of just blocked it out as a subject and I don't hold it against them its hard and I get that so it isn't their fault. Still I guess this just put me in a mentality where I felt like I needed to just pretend it was all fine and I wasn't upset. Internally though I was crushed and it felt like my whole world was sort of crashing down around me and I didn't know what to do and I mean I was young but I was just really sad and unmotivated for months after and eventually after a while I guess I just learned to deal with it and was able to move on. In middle school I wasn't very social at all. I had maybe 4-5 friends and didn't to many others. This social isolation only hurt me in terms of depression. It just made me feel void and unwanted even if I was probably the one doing it to myself. So those years weren't great. Far from my best years though. So I went through pretty much all of middle school like that and just learned to live with the pain and thoughts of nobody really wanting me. At this point I'd considered killing myself before but the thought scared me when it came to it actually ending. So like I said I lived with these feelings and then highschool came. Freshman year was fine. I started to open up a little more to people actually and made a few more friends. Started to find my niche in art and journalism classes. I felt like I belonged somewhere for the first time in my life. I mean I still wasn't really happy with myself or anything. So skip forward a bit and I've opened up a lot and have more friends. Still have thoughts from time to time. About ending it I mean but they aren't like they used to be. So fast forward a while and I have my ups and downs but eventually I meet a girl I love. Were together for quite a while and we have really good chemistry. But unfortunately things just don't always work out and she eventually left me to get back with her ex who treats her like shit. It just makes me feel so pathetic and powerless and like I'm worth less than some guy who doesn't even respect her... I've spent the lest few months in what's probably the deepest most crushing depression yet and I don't see it ending anytime soon. I have no motivation and I just feel drained and tired all the time. I've thought about killing myself for the last couple weeks and still the thought it it all actually ending gives me mixed feelings. On one hand it seems nice for there to just be... Nothing. But on the other its terrifying. I don't enjoy life in the slightest at this point and in spend all of my day either at school or laying in bed. I love her and don't blame her for leaving me I mean we weren't always perfect and I get it... But it still hurts so much... I'm graduating from highschool before too long and I want to get a visual arts degree but I don't think I'll go anywhere and I just feel like my whole life is pointless... I don't want to end up a disappointment and a nobody... I've never opened up to anybody before about my depression and it feels good to for once... I'm just afraid people will judge me or tell me I need help or something like that and it'd just make it worse I feel like... Also I feel like never having been able to talk about that divorce really sort of closed me off in a lot of ways... I just want it to end... I doubt many people read this whole thing but if you did thank you... I just needed to let it out... I'm afraid..