My (M24) younger brother (M22) attempted suicide over the weekend, he's made me promise not to tell our parents but I'm really torn...I had a pretty scary morning over the weekend. My brother and I had been at home for the week while the rest of my family were away at the beach for a holiday. We're both adults so aside from looking after the pets and general tidiness of the house, we both go about our lives separately - this is normal. However, late at night on Saturday, my brother has text me from inside the house and asked if I am home, and not long after he told me that he'd hurt himself (deliberately) and he's worried about it.

To help you understand my brother as best you can via a few short paragraphs on Reddit, he's a very quiet dude. He's the second-eldest of 4 boys, (me being the oldest at 24), a law graduate currently working 5 days (for free in the hope they offer a contract some day soon), he doesn't go out and party much, has never had a serious girlfriend, does have a group of good mates he sees often etc etc. He's not all that unusual on the surface. But if you mix in the stresses of our family life throughout the years, as well as whatever personal battles he's fought, it was no surprise to me when he admitted to me Saturday night that he's been dealing with severe depression for the better part of 4 years. I asked a variety of questions to try and pinpoint some of the areas he felt contributed most to his depression: relationships with females was a major one, his relationship with my parents (in particular Mum) or lack there of it - I'll explain a bit more on this shortly, and the fact that he's been self-medicating with alcohol quite heavily. It was very obvious that this Saturday night he had been drinking alone in his bedroom to a dangerous level and had spiraled in a legitimate moment of weakness where he admitted it seemed easier to *go* than to bare what he was feeling any longer.

I want to discuss the relationship issues he has with my parents a bit more because it's part of my question and I think the most important problem. Living with my parents can be tricky, we've experienced some extraordinary stresses in our lives (as a family) as well as the usual stresses families endure, and it's taken a significant toll on both my parents and consequently us (boys) as well. It's more common to feel anxious or stressed at home than relaxed - and that's on a good day. My brother has had a strained relationship with my parents for the better part of 4-6 years, in particular with Mum. It has meant that he feels it is better to say nothing - even *'hey, how are you'* to avoid any interaction which could lead to stress - which truthfully, can come at any time. But this silent behavior has become some part of his personality and meant for the last 4 years he's barely had much of a relationship with Mum and Dad. It's caused friction but largely been understood that that is simply their relationship now.

So back to our conversation on Saturday night - he showed me his cuts, courtesy of the scissors in his desk drawer. There were lots, on the upper arm, but nothing dangerous thankfully. I said we'd disinfect and wrap it to be safe. But I then directed conversation to his relationship with my parents, and eventually provided him with some suggestions about how to improve it. But it seemed pointless - he wasn't receptive to the ideas at all really, giving me the impression he felt it was too far gone to repair, so I didn't push any further.

The scary part for me is that he's told me in confidence - not even his close mates know. He could not have been more explicit in making me promise not to tell my parents, especially Mum, or even my partner. Of course I promised I would not - but I wanted to put in place some steps that keep us on the same page with your headspace and also slowly work toward helping him feel better. Thankfully he was receptive to that but we would need to discuss it later. It was all such a bizarre morning - we are not an affectionate family, he's never come to me about personal issues before, but I think he legitimately scared himself and wants some help. He won't be open to seeing a specialist because he cannot afford it himself and it would mean exposing himself to my folks - it's a tricky but I'm sure familiar obstacle many people have faced.

I've since been terrified I might come across my brother dead in his room or somewhere else. It is a significant weight to carry, but one I'm absolutely willing to. But I'm looking ahead and I can see the sense in letting my mother know. God forbid, if he did succeed in killing himself and I knew and never told my parents, they would've felt betrayed and even more helpless. My parents would never rat me out if I did tell them, but my brother's very intuitive and it would naturally be hard for Mum and Dad not to worry more and not show that in a way my brother would notice something different. At the same time - I can appreciate my brother wanting someone reliable and discrete in his corner for the moment.

How do I handle this? Do I tell my parents and act as the messenger to say *hey, he's alright today - leave him be.* Or *hey, no this is serious, we need your help now.* Or do I not say anything and be as helpful as I can to him in the hope he gradually finds peace within himself again?

Thanks in advance to anyone who takes the time to read this and/or respond.