Why is life worth living?I am a 31 year old total loser. 

Ever since I can remember I have been bullied. I was a fat half black/mexican kid growing up in Los Angeles in an area dubbed "Korea Town". I was constantly picked on and harrased for being fat/black. My parents fought alot and worked alot and werent the kind of people you could open up to. I used to try with my mother but she would just gossip out the information to all the familly members and tell them how bad I was etc. Part of me learned along the way that it is better to give then recieve. I have developed
a very short fuse personality. I am still fat but 6'5 and alot of people say I look intimidating. I tried to groom that image in highschool and college.

Part of me always new something was wrong with me. I never felt accepted in life. I moved quite a bit in my younger years. At least once a year untill I got into highscool. After an arguement with my mother about not wanting to go see familly with her and my sister due to the fact I felt they bullied me by always telling me what a bad egg I was I tried killing myself when I was 10 years old by overdosing on pills. My mother never found out. She went to the familly event thinking I was just in my room at home. But in reality I was just tired of the BS. I remember waking up like 15/16 hours later and they were home by then and just assumed I was napping. Felt sick and with a headache but was alive, and pissed that I had somehow fucked this up.

Highschool was  nothing but drama and bs to me. I comtemplated suicide on an almost daily basis. Few times I cried out for help from my mom, telling her I just wanted to die/kill myself. She would treat me like I was just being dramatic.

I went to college and for a while things were better. I ended up focusing on psychology of all things. I have always liked helping people and I thought I might actually be able to help people who were like me. Chronically depressed. I thought I could make a diffrence. But the depression was always there. I eventually got some help and medication/s. But no matter what I do the depression is there.

I started working as a counselor for teens. I think and most if not all around me seemed to think I was awesome at my job. I was promted fast etc etc. I think my ability to help kids with a variety of problems was that I knew how they felt and often felt that way to. I think it was easy for them to express themselves to me because I was non judgemental and would try offering them the coping skills that kept me alive and going over the years. I eventaully got a county job doing social work and just like before was prmoted pretty dam fast. I cared about my clients and did what I could for them. I was making 26 bucks an hour which was nice.

But as always the depression was with me. I found out from my mother that my father had the same signs of depression most of his life to etc. They had seperated when we were kids but my mom knew about my dads past to a degree. My dad was a bright cookie. And at one point was making bank as an accountant. But his depression/anxiety/paranoia got worse as he got older. He eventually got to a point where even though he was on meds/counseling he could not be around people. He was paranoid, but not a paranoid person that hides from others, more like a paranoid person who will hit you before you hit them. It got so bad the only job he could maintain was as a security guard on the late shift so he did not have to deal with others.

Kind of like my father I ended up quiting my job with the county. The depression just go to much for me to bear. My bosses saw me buckling but couldnt quite figure it out. They lowered my caseload, gave me easier cases etc. They tried to help but the problem was me. I ended up quiting and moving back home with my mother as the bills rallied up.

I stopped giving a shit.

My mother evntually help me get help after a druken suicide attempt with a machette. I remember thinking I was going to stab myself in the heart or chop of my hand so that was I could be sure I would bleed out. I woke up in the hospital with only a few scratches from where I guess I was practicing on doing it. More depression followed but I was getting help. As professional I knew all the steps I needed to get help. I presued them. But nothing was working. Meds, counseling etc.

I eventaully got to a point where I could work again. Everything was going well. Got a promotion etc, but then the darkness kicked in again. Its like I am tied in chains and weights and thrown into the ocean. All I can do is sink. No matter what I try, how much I know, who I talk to, I am fighting for breath unable to enjoy life with only morbid thoughts on my mind. After 2 year I quit my job.

I have failed in every single relationship I have been in. Because I am ugly, fat etc I just end up hooking up with w/e woman gives me attention. Most of them seem to be complete bitches. They usually cheat on me etc. The friends I have I cannot maintain. I start taking out my depression on them, being mean verbally to them etc. Most still want to be my friends, but because I have not developed the behvaiors to control myself when I get like this I just want
them to not be around me. So Isolate myself.

2 years ago my father couldnt handle the depression and paranoia anymore and he shot himself in the head.

I am 31 years old. I dont hate life. I hate my life. I hate the choices I have made in it, I hate who I am and how I look, I hate this fucking darkness that has been around me since I child. I am tired of the meds and counseling not working for me. I am tired of not being able to find love or to give love to others properly.

I am sitting here jobless, dam near friendless, romantically loveless, and with the knowledge that my condition will just get worse. Everyday I am in pain. I hate waking up. I hate going to bed because I know another day of more of the same is waiting for me.

I hear people say "you dont know what tommarow will bring" etc, But I do know, it will bring more depression, paranoia and anger. I am tired of this shit already.

Why the fuck is life worth living under these circumstances?