I think I reached my breaking point.I've been on and off suicidal for about 10 years now, mostly due to circumstances happening at the time. In the past 2 years or so, I've been having an awful time, though, maybe more than before. I'm asocial, I dislike most people and I don't want to be near them, and I'm hesitant to go out with friends (not that they tend to invite me), yet I want to socialize. So I constantly fluctuate between being unwilling to socialize and being painfully lonely as a consequence. 

People tell me that I'm good looking, yet I've had terrible luck with girls. Even if I meet one, which is rare because, as I've said, I don't go out and I don't meet new people, it ends poorly because I have no social skills and I get ghosted or they go on to date somebody else. Most recently, I met a girl who I found really nice and very pretty, so I wanted to ask her out, and I asked my friend what he thought of that idea - turns out, she's that friend's girlfriend. 

This is already getting long, so I'll finish up with the examples here. All in all, I feel like throughout my whole teenage life, as well as these couple of years after that, I've had terrible luck with everything I tried. I have no social life, no girlfriends, my academic life is good but I have no practical knowledge like other hard working people around me do, I have no hobbies and no interests. For years I've been trying to find something that interests me, to no avail.

I feel as though I've wronged some celestial being, and I'm being punished for that by living this life of apathy and emptiness, being baited into hoping that tomorrow might turn it all around, and always ending up knocked down to the ground. I've been trying to recall if anything nice happened in recent years. I can't say that absolutely nothing nice happened, but it wasn't anything genuinely nice that would bring a smile on my face for more than half a day, something that could've not happened, but it did.

I'm on antidepressants (SSRI or whatever), but they're not really working anymore. Even when they did, they only managed to stop me from feeling "physical" sadness, not make me into a functional human, and the psychiatrist isn't working on it, either. I've been thinking constantly what would happen even if I managed to somehow fix myself and get rid of this parasite in my brain that's making me feel so apathetic and making me see things in this way. But even if I became normal, I can't see myself fixing the things that are actually making me feel awful like this. Maybe that's just the parasite speaking, I can't seem to figure that out, and that's making me feel even worse that I can't use the one thing I rely on - my brain and its logic.

They other day I bought a rope (kind of a funny story actually, I wanted to buy something else as well so I don't seem suspicious, and I almost decided on buying rope along with duct tape), and I thought of how I'd do it. It's bad enough that I don't care about the consequences, I don't care about how my parents would feel or that maybe some friends would briefly miss me. I talked to some of them and none of them could say anything nice they think happened to me, nor could they give me a fair reason to live other than "Well you only have one life, and that is just how life is." If that's how life is, I'd rather jump into nothingness that endure this awfulness for a couple dozen more years. 

I'm giving myself a couple of months, and if nothing at least partially life-changing happens by then, I'll be seeing you all later.