I don't want to do this anymoreNo one is probably going to care but I just need someplace to vent I guess. I don't want to live anymore it's so exhausting. I hate school, I hate writing exams I study so hard but I'm never good enough anyways in the end. This year I'll be finally finishing school but I don't even have any realistic goals for my life. I wish I could just live on a farm far away from anyone somewhere in the mountains, just enjoying each day and being self sufficient. Or at least have a stable income so that I could just travel. I don't know what to study in uni. I don't know what I like to do. I do have hobbies but nothing that could be realistically turned into a career and I don't want to waste my life working a dead end office job. I can't socialize properly, I just never know what to say, even if I finally manage to engage someone in a conversation it's always just a meaningless conversation in the end. I hate my life and I hate myself and frankly I don't think that anyone really cares about me. I have no real friends and I just feel like I'm a burden to my mom and grandma eventhough I try my best to support them and they tell me that they care about me but it doesn't really feel like they mean it. I wish I could have the courage to kill myself in the end one more person that's dead won't make a difference. I hate this fucked up world, people always fight over the dumbest shit for no reason. No one ever cares about real problems, everyone gets caught up with petty shit like caring about what skin color people have or what sexuality you have even though there are children dying and enitre species but no at least we can be racist to our neighbours because that's going to fix all our fucking problems. And I love how now that we have covid no one seems to care about climate change anymore or homeless people. At least everyone is wearing masks cause that's the most important thing in the world not the fact that people still die of other way worse illnesses or that there are still homeless people in first world countries that don't have enough food.