[23f] frustrated with everything and I know I need help again but I just can’t make the call.I’ll probably delete this later but I really need to vent right now. Haven’t had this level of suicidal contemplation in some time. 

I have a history of self harm and suicidal thoughts but for the past four-five years have been better. Self harm free for 4 years on November 29th. My teen years were hard for me, but being an adult and having freedom and control helped with that. I got my own therapist went on meds, and just got away from my mom which was a plus. 

Today is the anniversary of my dads death. He died suddenly from a heart attack while being monitored for symptoms in the hospital. He went in with blurred vision and numbness in his fingertips and they thought it was lymes disease symptoms (he had chronic lymes), but they agreed to monitor him overnight, and he died the next morning. It was horrible and sad. My dad was 66, very active and vibrant and no one would have thought he’d die. He and I were extremely close, he owned his own business and I worked for him part time for 5 years since I was able to work, while also having another part time job. This allowed me to have a flexible schedule when I started college in 2014 as a senior in HS. I literally saw him every day. I appreciated so deeply everything he did for me. My mom is/was a basket case, cheated on him multiple times, caused drama in our family etc. so dad and I really had a bond. I miss him terribly. More than I can describe in words. I haven’t been the same since losing him. 

I lost him at a very hard time in my life. The year before he died my mom kicked me out (I think I’d just turned 19) because she didn’t like who I was dating and how much time I was spending with him. My dad tried to stop it and couldn’t, but he gave me a room to live in, in a building that he owned and rented out. I was still in college so I didn’t have much money. It was the best he could do and allowed me to save money to get my own place. I got kicked out in the dec/nov of 2016 and in late summer of 2017 my bf and I moved into our very own house after building some savings. My dad helped me move and he was so proud of me. 

In the fall of 2017 I started trying to rebuild relations with my mom, she had changed her view of my bf and things were going better. 

And then dad died in dec 2017. My mom and him weren’t married and I have 3 siblings that my dad has from a previous marriage. Dad owned several properties and owned a retail business so closing his estate was hell. My mom created so much turmoil that my siblings no longer speak to her, except for one. My older sister was the executor and she was very fair and loving to everyone, but closing such a complicated estate is very hard, relationships with family were very rough during that time. It took 2 years and 3 months to close dads estate and it was ALOT of work physically and emotionally. I had to say goodbye to almost everything my dad worked so hard for. 

My mom inherited my dads house as her portion of the estate at a significantly reduced cost, we split the estate equally 5 ways since they weren’t married and she was a bitch. She threatened to sue us over that, but as soon as our lawyers got involved her lawyer realized she had nothing to stand on. I am the only kid in her will and the only thing I get is the house, but now she’s planning to sell it. 

My brother started using meth and drinking heavily again soon after dad died which was even harder on everyone. He’s the oldest and had heavy equipment we needed to move dads stuff, so it made it really hard cause we needed him and he just wasn’t there. My dad really was the glue that kept all our lives together. My brother is still using meth and drinking to this day and it ruined his marriage and his career. Right now he lives with my sister while his wife has the kids. He tried to kill himself 3 times in the past 2 months, two of which ended up in the emergency room/hospital.  

I sought out therapy again after losing dad, got on Prozac, etc which did help. I remained strong as I could and every time I think of self harm or suicide I think of all the work he put into helping me and how much he loved me. I was actually doing a lot better since the estate closed in February. I was starting to feel good again and starting to look forward to my future again. Lately it’s been hard though. 

Covid hit and I’ve been very isolated from friends and family which hasn’t helped. So many disappointments because of covid. Had to cancel a vacation to see my grandma, who is very old and frail. I don’t know if covid will get better in time for me to see her. She’s in her 90’s. I Am being forced to work in a school system that is extremely unsafe right now. They don’t require kids to wear masks even. It’s a joke, but I also love my job and I feel trapped. And many other covid related worries and troubles. 

This year several bad things happened besides covid. I was doing pretty good with all things considered until things got really bad. 


It started in August when I came down with salmonella and was treated with heavy antibiotics because it wouldn’t go away. The antibiotics caused a severe antibiotic associated bacterial infection called Clostridium Difficile. It effects your colon and causes profuse diarrhea and pain. I was sick for almost 2 months between the two infections and at times I thought I might die. I was treated with 3 different antibiotics between the two infections which in itself was hard on me. The symptoms of it are so severe sometimes you wish you would die. I’ve been better for almost 11 weeks but The Clostridium Difficile  I had is prone to recurrence once you’ve had it so every day I wake up and I’m afraid the symptoms will return. It is a very anxious life I live now. The only thing that kills the bacteria is bleach so I literally bleached my entire house at one point but there are things you can’t bleach. I’ve become so anxious that I threw away a ton of stuff I touched or used while i was sick because I feel everything is contaminated. I have become a hypochondriac which I never was before. I’m scared that the bacteria is everywhere, I obsessively wash my hands and sanitize surfaces and obsess over the things I can’t bleach. I realize this thinking isn’t healthy and this feeling alone has brought me close to that feeling of “may as well just die so you don’t have to deal with it”.  In addition to the constant fear I also have permanent damage from the sickness. They call it Post Infectious IBS and it is really tough. I no longer have normal bowel movements really, and frequent stomach pain I’ve never had before, which is really annoying in itself. I’m afraid to eat most things because my stomach can handle almost nothing now and I’m scared of germs on stuff. It’s just insanity really. 

While I was sick my mom dropped a bomb on me that she was planning to sell my dads house unless I myself could purchase it. She’s asking 100,000 more than the worth that she inherited it for. I’m a broke college student and I’m paying on my own home there’s no way I could ever buy a house for what she’s asking. I told her this and said basically “do what makes you happy”. And that was the end of it. As far as I know she hadn’t listed it yet, but she’s been making small repairs and doing all the things you’d do to prep a house to sell. It was a huge slap in the face, and to tell me while I was so sick.... it really wrecked me emotionally to be honest and made me more mentally scarred from the sickness than I probably would have been otherwise. Any relationship I was trying to build with her now feels so stupid and fruitless because all it does is hurt me and yet I still love her and get hurt again and again. 

After that my brother tried to commit suicide at least 3 times, hospitalized twice. He was brought to a drug rehab facility where he tested positive for covid. He left the facility by his own will after completely the 10 day covid quarantine. He tried to kill him self again, rolled his truck, sold a bunch of the stuff he inherited from dad, etc. so that’s been a huge stress for me too. 
But helpless to do anything to help him. He’s been doing okay for 2 weeks now after moving in with my sister and under 24 hour supervision. I worry about him daily. 


It seems like every time in my life I feel better and less depressed then a whole pile of things suddenly appears to beat me back into submission again. I don’t really believe in heaven, but sometimes I feel like I might want to die just to avoid the constant pain life has been lately, and the turmoil I’ve experienced over the past three years. I feel like since I got sick I’m suddenly a changed person, dealing with anxiety and ocd behaviors I’ve never seen in myself before. My fiancé has been great through  most of this but lately he’s very short and edgy with me. 

I forget to do things or do something wrong and suddenly I’m being yelled at or just treated as if I’m a nuisance. Which I understand. He’s been with me through thick and thin and I’m not who i usually am right now. I would be frustrated too, dealing with me. And really I am frustrated with dealing with me. So sometimes I don’t know why I am even here anymore. 

I think I’m going to go to therapy again, but then I just never call. I think I might try a med change but I don’t want to go to the clinic cause germs and covid. I cry a lot. I contemplate putting a gun in my mouth and then I freak out for even thinking like that, thinking that I could just give up like that and that someone would have to find me like that. There’s really no way to kill yourself and hide your own body. 

I really just don’t know anymore. I’m going through the motions of life but I’m so afraid and sad all the time I’m miserable.