I'm probably leaving within the next few daysHey all,

I'm 25, and have had depression issues for over a decade. 

Recently, i've been experiencing almost constant hallucinations. I live with parents, and live in an upstairs bedroom. I frequently hear my dad calling for me, even when he isn't home. I also keep seeing spiders and other bugs crawling on my arms, when they aren't actually there.

I'm likely about to get turned down for a really good job because of some bullshit with an ex-employer. 

If/when I get turned down, I will have to leave this house. My dad seems to be going through some sort of mental illness where he is losing his memory and is increasingly violent for reasons that don't make sense to anyone else. My best friend's mom recently went through something similar. Police and EMS finally got her sedated enough to be admitted to a home for Alzheimer's/demetia patients. She died a few months later from undiagnosed ovarian cancer.

This is a super rural area. Homelessness isn't a thing here, and I don't have anyone else I can stay with. Best friend is working through losing his house because they got a reverse-mortgage to handle mum's care. The only other friend I know who owns a house would need an exorbitant amount of rent per month, which I obviously couldn't provide without a decent job, which i'm about to get fucked out of.

The only other option is to find a way, within a week, to raise enough money for a plane ticket to the foreign country my fiancee lives in. It costs 3-4 times as much for me to go there as it does for her to come here, so....extremely unlikely. Her country's laws are much nicer than mine, I could go with no visa and stay up to six months, which would be enough time to get a life figured out. 

Instead, i'll likely end up wandering into our woods some night with the 30.06 that is sitting by my door. 

It sucks. One good opportunity for an okay income could've led to a lifetime of happiness for me and my wife to be. I live in the rural midwestern US; if I had enough for a down payment on a house, I could pay the bills working at McDonald's, no joke. 

My parents are millionaires, but regret having kids, so there's no chance of getting financial help from them. Raising kids has already cut into their retirement too much.

All I ask is that someone post me on DeadRedditors if I don't post on next Wednesday. 

I just want to be somewhat remembered, as we all do. 

Thanks, everyone. 