Hmm. I can't think of a good title that isn't generic. I'll say it's a normal suicidewatch wall of text.I'll start off by saying that I am not going to kill myself.  If I know one thing about myself it is that I am terrified of dying and will do everything in my power to make sure that doesn't happen.

I'll try to be short and concise.  Walls of text are boring and honestly everyone has probably heard all of this before.

Currently: age - 26, male, live alone with dog, no friends, one psychologist/therapist, diagnosed with- depression, ADHD, anxiety, type 1 diabetes 

Backstory: 6 years college - dropped out,  many psychologists and therapists, many different diagnoses,  choleric temperament - hard to work with, upper? middle class, white, extreme guilt of not living to potential

5 years ago I broke down in college and basically stopped everything.  I hated myself and everyone.  I was angry, frustrated and sad.  As the years progressed I became more isolated.  As of now I have maybe one friend I talk to on facebook who moved away a year ago.  I have no job, I dislike speaking to my parents, and I really only go out at night when I take my dog out for a walk.  I guess I also talk to my psychologist, he is the only one I have ever not hated.

It seems that the only way to change ones predicament is to want to change.  My parents have money, I am not in jail, and I am relevantly smart.  I know depression causes a lack of motivation and all that, but it's not just that.  When I would get a job (a shitty one) I would become quickly bored.  I never last more than a month and usually I do something I'm not supposed to do before I quit - crash company's servers, make people angry at me ect.  I am told I have the potential to be smart, but then everything I do is wrong.  I basically have to have my hand held to do anything correctly and it takes me many tries to learn to do anything and I am completely bored.  

I know people with depression and other mental illnesses have a hard time seeing their life in a clear light.  There is a fog that we supposedly cannot penetrate even though we believe we can.  I believe I can and the one thing I do with all my time is research and read textbooks, articles and studies on illnesses and general philosophies.  Am I right?  I am sure I am not, though I have a really hard time trusting other people when their view differs from mine.

Anyway, I see my lack of motivation.  But it isn't because I feel like I can't do things.  I have done things, but I forget them so quickly I have to relearn them over and over.  Usually I can do something once and then I lose the motivation to do it again.  

A solution people come up with is not to get disillusioned by failure.  If you ask out one girl and get rejected then ask out 100 until someone says yes, but that isn't the problem.  The problem is I am so extremely lonely, but the girls I see I hate.  I don't want a gf, I don't want real friends and then I am stuck in this world I made of utter, complete loneliness that I don't want either, but it is a lot easier to handle.  My majors in college became boring as I was studying them, I couldn't keep going on.  I always felt like I wasn't learning well enough. I would forget what I learned the year before and feel lost even though I had ok grades.  I always felt like people were judging me so I never connected with students and eventually I would quit just like all of my jobs and the few girls who did go out with me a couple of times.  I always end everything and it seems my cutoff point is about a month.  

I feel this insane guilt of doing nothing for society and taking so many of its resources to keep me alive.  My fear of death makes it so that I am constantly trying to find the best medical help.  I worry about every pain and problem with my body.  I don't want to die, but I feel as if I am too broken to be fixed and that death is this only thing left for me.  There is this schism in me where I am cocky, independent, egotistical, unique ect and then there is this other part of me that has no confidence, needs babying, scared and obviously unoriginal.  There is no bipartisanship between any of my feelings so I can get something done and leave this horrid place.  I don't trust anyone, not even myself, but then I judge myself by everyone's advice and what I believe.  When I am alone I wish I wasn't, and when I am with company I wish I was alone.  I fear death and yet I wish for it constantly.  I wish people would do stuff for me, and when they do I become incensed that they would do such a thing.  I get a gf, a job, a school and think immediately about leaving. 

Anyone who used to care about me, I think, has long given up.  Everyone except myself and the psych who I pay loads of money to.  I think they gave up half because it was confusing and half because what I say made no sense and so I became untrustworthy.  I would have conversations where someone would suggest something and I would say I couldn't do it.  They would try to help and I would say no thanks I can do it myself.  I can see how it makes no sense and yet, I still understand how both things I said were completely true.  

Holy shit.  What a wall of text.  I can't even TL;DR it because it still feels like I missed the point. 
**TL;DR** How do I stop being a white male, privileged little bitch?