I can't fix my problems4:41 in the morning.

I've spent the past hour crying. I've cried myself to sleep every night for probably a week now.

It feels like I'm drowning. I'm constantly suffocating and can't do anything about it.

I don't mean I'm suffocating in a mental or stress related way either. I mean physically, I genuinely can't breathe. I've never been able to breathe.

I was misdiagnosed with Chronic Fatigue Syndrome some years ago. Turns out I have a badly deviated septum and severe turbinate hypertrophy. I can't breathe through my nose at all. Nothing. I'd say on a good day, I have 20% airflow. Most days I legitimately have 0%. I have to force myself to manually breathe regularly. It's caused me severe fatigue, and lifelong migraines. My episodes of fatigue come and go to an extent. I'm always exhausted, but at times, I'm almost bedridden. Now is one of those times. 

I lost my job about 2 months ago, and with it, my insurance, and my only chance of getting surgery so I can function normally. I should have lost the job sooner, but FMLA and tons of vacation days saved me. I was constantly having to take off due to my health. The procedure isn't even incredibly costly. I've read it ranges from $1000-7500. While I'm basically bedridden, I can't work. I have college this fall and if I can't get surgery by then, I'm just going to drop out again. I don't have anyone to help me. My family is poor and has no real desire to support me even if that wasn't the case. No way to get insurance. No way to get surgery. Almost 21 years of just feeling like I'm drowning. My only income is my unemployment. It ends soon, and it won't cover my surgery anyway.

The fatigue and inability to breathe are my biggest contributors to my mental health at this point. I've worked through my trauma as well as I can, and at this point, it's just me slowly suffocating my life away that makes me want to kill myself. There's no way to fix this with my current situation. I'd rather be missing an arm or a leg than this. I'd rather be dead than this, but god knows I've tried and it never works.

Something so easy to fix is something I can't fix because of lifelong unfortunate circumstances. I just want it to stop.