I dont know anymoreI dont know if I even want to be alive anymore and im just writing here cause I wanted to vent a little, but honestly I just can't take it. My mom is single and my dad was a very bad guy drugs and stuff and she didn't have anyone to turn to besides me to help her through everything and be the man of the house at a very young age, I mean it made me grow up alot faster. My mom was with a bunch of people and some where bad guys one was a 30 year old guy fought me cause his kids were throwing rocks at my brother and I stopped them a few others told me I shouldn't be alive and how my life was a joke sooo that kinda sucked. I've always been looking for love cause I had to be there for everyone but rarely was there anyone to help me, not to mention my mom hates me and tells me all the time I do nothing for her. I just wanted to find someone who loved me and was there for me i envy that the most about some people, so I was with alot of girls just to feel that love I mean i never stayed cause I felt it wasn't the one. Then I met this girl who was the love of my life who actually made me want to live to have goals for. 2 and a half years we were together we broke up around a month ago and honestly I feel normal now like how I did before I met her, and honestly I can't stand it. I just seem to be ruining everything I am doing not so great in school(I'm a junior) because im pretty stupid when it comes to learning. And I went to a Therapist for around 5 months before I moved back here(my mom sent me off cause I was smoking weed which her boyfriend started me on) but when I saw the Therapist I told him everything he made me fill out some tests and I answered honestly on how everyday goes and he looked over it and was shocked that I scored the most I could on it by just answering honestly and said I was in severity depression and asked if I wanted meds I said sure and since then the mess have stopped working......I dont see a future for myself...all I can see is me in a motel with a gun to my head....I just dont know if I want to feel anymore. To be eternally asleep it sounds like a dream come true.....