How is it possible to get better when my brains wired to be suicidal and suffocating no matter what?No really I'm asking. I'm a bad person. I cause my own problems and my own brain tortures me over them. I'm a jealous, unreliable piece of shit. I think of suicide constantly and even minor inconveniences/issues from others send me spiraling. They're not doing anything wrong. It's me. I know it's my brain because it's always like this. I'm an angry person but I never act on it and show it. I try my best but that doesn't mean that I'm not constantly angry and sad and want to kill myself. Knowing that my situation isn't that bad, that spending time with friends, making plans, and taking care of yourself is good doesn't matter because I do those things and I'm still fucked. Everytime I get my shit together to become momentarily happy I become even more desperately invested in the few ties I have and I become so anxious and overanalyzing that I isolate myself so I cant get hurt more anyway. And so it gets worse again. And when I'm "in a good place" I'm so acutely aware of how fleeting the situation is that it means nothing. Even when I do "have my shit together" I still want to kill myself. I had fun today with my friends but I still would end it literally any time during it if there was just a button. So yeah maybe I should try to do the right things to take care of myseld but here I am doing the right things and it never fucking matters. I don't want to go to the fucking hospital. They don't do anything to fix your problems, just make your very existence more unbearable and you can't do anything cus you're in a fucking prison. I can pretend to be feeling better, I can force myself to pleasantly interact with the other patients, not be quiet or brood, and say whatever I need to to get out early. I've done it before. What's the point? When I come out my responsibilities and few relationships have deteriorated more. It makes things worse. I can't be honest with my counselor because I don't want to go there again. I won't call a suicide hotline because they'll call the police and what could they offer me that I hadn't heard before? I don't feel like I can talk to my friends. I feel too guilty to talk to my girlfriend. Yes people would be sad if I killed myself. But I'm a bad person and I'm selfish and I'll be dead so I couldn't feel bad about it then. And yes I know that I'll never know if it gets better if I do it but I also won't be sad if I'm dead. Not feeling is infinitely preferable to being suffering constantly. Help me please. I wouldn't be asking for help if I didn't think there was some semblance of hope. But my patience is running thin. I used some aggressive, maybe abusive language in here and I'd like it apologize to any who read this far because you're just trying to help and it's not in any way your fault or something you should feel obligated to help with.