Not really depressed but I just don't really see the point.Hey I'm a 19 yr old and just felt like I needed to let somethings out. I dont really feel depressed but recently I've just havent seen the point in going on. As cliche` as it sounds I just kinda hate my life right now. I can't get motivated to do seemingly anything anymore, I just feel like laying in bed pretty much all day. As a result I am about to fail out of college in my Sophmore year. I have been living a lie and telling everyone, and even myself, that I could do better and get good grades and stay ahead in college but I have already fallen far behind with almost no hope of catching up. I am already on academic probation and will most likely be getting kicked out of college in a few months.

Once that happens I will just be a huge disappointment to my family, and even to my friends who are all doing totally fine in college. I really don't think I can live in shame like that, not to mention the over $30,000 in debt I would have racked up with absolutely no way to pay back.

I don't currently have a job and am afraid to get one because I feel like I will just blow that off too. I honestly am trying really hard to get things done but it all just seems hopeless and I can't motivate myself, and that in and of itself truly scares me.

Also I have had feelings like this in the past but usually my friends were always there to keep me from ultimately going through with it. I couldnt bare doing that to people who cared about me but recently after drifting apart I feel like most of them would eventually get over my death and move on. Hell I have even had to go sober because I am actually afraid that I may drunkenly go through with it and kill myself.

I also hate myself physically but that is a whole different story. I know it is a long whiny story but I just needed to let it all out somewhere.


**TL;DR - About to fail out of college after lying to everyone, don't think I can live in the shame plus massive amounts of debt, and feel like no one would miss me anymore.**