happy childhood
my notes from last night since i’m such a suicidal fuck.

i hate my life. i didn’t ask for it. i got it. i’m lonely, i have depression, i’m impulsive. i was abandoned by my parents multiple times. i only have 2 friends from different schools. i lost my best friend, pushed her away. it was for her own good. my fucking family, caused most of this shit. my dad isn’t a good provider. my mom tries so hard to keep us alive. and there’s just me with my fucking mental issue. they keep stressing my ass. they made me move every year since 4th grade. it was fucking hard to make new friends, but i could handle it. until this school. i’ve been left out and bullied. moving fucked me up, my dad’s drinking, smoking, and gambling issue fucked me up, my mom stressing abt it fucked me up, but there was this girl who made me really happy and really sad at the same time. it wasn’t her fault. we were the complete opposites, and yet we became fucking close. she saw my bad side. she dealt with it until she finally gave up. i fucking hated and loved her at the same time. she was my last straw until i broke and wrote this shit.i will never forget her. i will not contact her until i get better. what the fuck is wrong with me? please tell me. please give me answers god. i know i stopped believing in you after i was in 4th grade, crying to a mirror, looking at my reflection and telling myself to end my life. i was 9? maybe 10? i had just lost my older brother then. i never got the mental help i needed. i never got the help i desperately needed. my life is fucked up. lord tell me why you gave me this life. what did i do in my past life. let me know please. i’m desperate for fucking answers. this might be my suicide note even. if i die first in this family, i want my mom and siblings to have a better life. i don’t want my siblings to go through what i fucking did for 6 fucking years. why was i built like this? why couldn’t i just be normal? with a normal and happy family? it hurts. it’s been hurting me, at an early age. i want to die. i want to end everything. i don’t have a purpose anymore. by the end of this month, i will kill myself. i will finally end everything. i hope i’ll finally be happy. i don’t self harm, i’m scared. i want it quick, i want it over. i know i’m emotional, i know i’m clingy, because i was fucking abandoned. i didn’t feel love at an early age. that’s not true, i did feel love, i did feel it. i was just raised wrong. i was so happy in the philippines. my dad moved us to hawaii, can barley take care of us. and dragged my mom into this mess. so, diary or whatever you are. future me? if i make it. i don’t know what to say but in case you survive this. just remember. you are only 13 years old. no one better find this shit. duces *insert whatever kine shit*

peace reddit