Im so done with healthy peoplr trying saying shit that never actually helpsDon't you get that I'm not you? I'm not loved or seen or fucking great. I don't have your talents or social skills. You're not the fucking disposable friend. You had a nice childhood, you had people who valued your existence, I didn't and I don't. The people you love don't just leave you. You don't have the same struggles that lead people getting tired of you, knowing that it's good they leave because they're right. You're not an option. You're not boring. You're not a toy to be used just to be thrown away again. You have a future, a job, kids, a goddamn spouse that adores you. And I'm what? A kid who won't even live long enough to see their nieces and nephews. I won't reach the age of 18. I won't even fucking graduate. You're not me. Fuck off with that chipper attitude, your bullshit word vomit isn't gonna "open my eyes and heart". Most of you fuckers aren't even that caring, you just don't want the weight of death on your hands. I've never been able to express my anger and I'm finally able to goddamnit. What's it like being able to be yourself, without having to worry about your *friends* leaving? Easy, huh, you ignorant bastards. I want to blow my brains out til there's nothing left but a fucking smoothie, but guess what? I can't do that because my parents care. And that hurts even more. How can y'all not worry about the day you'll be alone? When all the people you love die and leave you to rot alone. I'm destined to be dumped to the side with no one to give two fucks. No one to look at me and see a person. No one to fucking look at me and take the time to get to really know me. All you assholes do is assume you know who the fuck I am when you don't. You just want to protect your precious conscience. You don't see shit like this and think about the human, you think about making yourself feel good. And fuck you. I know I'm being entitled and bitchy but I'm so fucking done. No one even sees beauty in me. Not a single person even thinks I have anything. If I ever survive long enough I'm either going to be fertilizer or some arm candy for the neighborhood creep . I don't know when I'm gonna get the guts, but I swear on everything I'm not gonna live to see another week, fuck everything