Fuck this life tbhThe only thing keeping me from committing suicide is the fear of failing and having to live locked up in a mental hospital with a permanently severed body.

I'm an 18 yo male and I have absolutely 0 friends, and my family is so fucked up. My father (who's an accountant) is always outside (not just for work), and gives no fucks about the family, he doesn't even provide basic needs (like food/water...etc), and sometimes doesn't even pay the bills. Oh, and he often throws a temper tantrum around when he feels a sense of disapproval from our side.
My Mother (who's a pharmacist) is always nagging and bragging about how I'm not like the rest and shit. People start their days with good mornings and I start them with a 'supportive' mother reminding me that I'm a failure who's inept at everything, and the worst of it all is that she believes that my depression is due to my lactose intolerance (as in whenever I eat anything that contains milk, I get depressed) which is fucking retarded coming from a PHARMACIST. Heck, even my psychiatrist cared to explain to her how my lactose intolerance (which is almost non-existent nowadays) has no effect on my mental health but she's too stubborn and self-entitled to give a fuck about a professional's 'opinion' (as she likes to call it).
My sister, who is 28 years old, (honestly surprised why my parents were so eager to have a child 10 years later, only to bring him to suffer) moved out 6 years ago, is independent and has a stable job (medical delegate) and has the opportunity to open a pharmacy later on (since she has a pharmacy degree), but she's still depressed (though she doesn't require medication and at least she has friends around her and my parents don't shit on her). Ever since she moved out I had no one to 'talk to' or a family for the matter, which lead to me becoming the loner I am right now.

I don't even have dreams, ambitions or a clear career path to follow, I'm not even happy that I graduated with a decent score.
I lost all the interest in the activities that I used to enjoy such as playing video games, playing the piano, drawing, swimming...etc

I'm so fucking tired of waking up, I wish I could just die during my sleep, or at least sleep 23 hours a day if I'm bound to stay alive. I'm always tired, slow-thinking, and my depression has fucked up my ability to memorize and concentrate, but at least I can sleep for up to 15 hours a day. I've been contemplating suicide for over 9 months but held on to life thinking that maybe graduating will 'cheer me up' (except that it didn't), + summer is almost over and I didn't find anything to relieve my depression yet, nor hung out with the only two people whom I considered 'friends' since they cut all their ties to me after we finished high school.

I'm not even looking forward to start college, especially since it forces group projects on a weekly basis on someone with extreme social anxiety like me. Heck, I don't even have the determination for individual work/studies nor a vision for the future to motivate me, I'm literally going to fail so hard.

I'm only alive right now because I have yet to find a 100% lethal suicide method. I wish Euthanasia was legal in my country.