Everyday gets worse and I dont feel like being aliveEveryday I feel liike im breaking apart bit by bit, I start feeling worse and my depression and anxiety start taking hold more and more. I will be listening to a podcast or watching a video and suddenly a thought of being bullied pops into my mind for no reason or they will talk about school or an embarrassing moment and a thought of being bullied or any moment i deem embarrassing will pop into my mind and I get depressed. Each day this happens and I cant take it, I think about suicide and ive thought about calling the suicide hotline but ive gotten very paranoid recently. I get paranoid that no one will take me seriously about this and im too scared to talk to anyone about this other than my therapist. Im nervous about posting here, maybe someone will see this that I know and will confront me.

 The only time im happy is when I play games with friends, and its not often or for long. I play Overwatch with them for 2 hours sometimes and then they leave. I get they are busy and I appreciate that they play with me even for a minute but right after that its the only thing I can hold onto. I can barely even hold onto it as the thing i may be the most paranoid about is if my friends actually like me. I talk to someone that ive known for nearly 5 years now and im always paranoid that he isnt who he says he is and even if he is if he even likes me at all.

 I cant even go out either, I recently got an "appointment" to visit a nearby ups facility to tour it and possibly get an interview afterwards but my anxiety was so out of control I couldnt go. I cant even get to school, I havent been to school since maybe 10th grade but I dont even remember. Speaking of not remembering my memory is complete shit, atleast recently. I'd say the last 7 months or so I can remember things i should, I cant remember peoples names sometimes and even if I do im scared im wrong. Life was never this bad and now I dont know what to do other than kill myself. Ive been thinking it over for a while now and even planning a bit but I just dont know.