The dog is the only thing keeping me here, and she's oldI realize many people have it worse than me, but I'm ready to leave it. I have a wife who loves me but I know she wants kids and fatherhood would absolutely break me. I got laid off from my high-paying job at the start of COVID and started a consulting business that's actually thriving. I'm making good money again, doing it at home in my sweatpants, and everything about running a business makes me absolutely miserable and I just want a boss and less responsibility.

Also, my brand new computer decided to stop connecting to the wi-fi today so I had to switch to my old laptop, which barely works. Not only am I going to have to spend money and risk COVID getting it fixed, it's going to take me much longer to do my work on the old computer this week and I'm really annoyed about that already. Time is money, and I'm taking a pay cut because fuck me right. 

Anyway, hard to see the stress level going down anytime soon or ever. Being the world's most reluctant entrepreneur, I feel like I'm always on the clock and hate every second of it. I've traveled the world, had some crazy times and some fun experiences. Fortunate to cross most everything off my bucket list while I was young and healthy.

My wife deserves better, and I owe it to her to stick around long enough to leave her in as good of a financial spot as I can. My parents are carefree rich people with very easy lives who shower their patronage on some of their kids, but I wouldn't know. 

I've spent time in therapy and really tried. I have plenty of friends, exercise regularly and do all the bullshit that's supposed to make you high on life. But I know myself pretty well at this point, and I'm just not a person I like and want to spend a lot more time with. Also, I'm pretty sure my home country of America is well into its decline, and it's no fun to be on a sinking ship. 

We have a rescue dog who was abandoned by her owner before, and I owe it to her to be with her to the end and make sure she knows she is loved. After that, who knows.

Appreciate the opportunity to vent here...