"And I'm at an all time low"Hi, Reddit Users. I am not sure how I can go about life now. My plate is over filled for a 20 year old in my opinion. I am just basically destroying my life and any chance I have to be happy.
I go to college as a Computer Science Major, my fiance and I are planning to get married in the summer, and I currently work at Walmart. I am in serious pain and stress. Mostly about my fiance. She was sexually assaulted by both of her parents as a child, was put in foster care from thereafter, and she recently moved to about 45 minutes away from me, going to a high school that is the largest in the state. She lives with her family, but still under foster care even at 18 until I think 21. She's wicked smart, all Honors/AP classes. But she wants to be an art teacher, and she is having many problems in her life, which translates to me.
See, we've been dating for 3 years as of this post, and we've had our fair share of hardships. She's had more from it from her past. So much so that she came from a poor family, and still is in one. I'm in a middle class family. I feel pain for her, honestly I do. But stress for me basically boils down to me helping. She recently got her learner's, but she doesn't want to learn from me because I stress her out. And nobody else in that family can drive. I'm the one picking up her grandmother and her uncle from dialysis, and taking her places because she never goes anywhere. Her guardian (who is her great aunt) is barely driving, and her great aunts son is not allowed to drive by the state because of constant seizures. So, living quite a distance away, I have to travel a lot. And Walmart paycheck is hard to stretch with credit card bills, paying my parents for living expenses, and wedding stuff. She's not able to pay for her dress, so I have to. Actually, I'm paying for the entire wedding. She's not able to get a job because of her limited mobility. No car, and she doesn't know how to drive.
But her trust is also a problem. She doesn't want me to drink. A great example is my 21st birthday, and she's guilting me into not drinking. I never intended on getting drunk (I have the rest of my life to do that, if I really wanted to), I drink to taste, not drink to get drunk, and on that day, I didn't get drunk at all, not even a slight buzz. In fact, she won't let me talk to anybody, because of her trust issues. There's this one person I met when I was chaperoning my old high school's JROTC trip, and because of some false rumor that happened in high school to my fiance's friend, she banned me from talking to her. But, I asked her on a facebook post about a certain haunted house from her home city of Akron, Ohio. My fiance got PISSED. Needless to say I paid more for the "crime" itself. We can only see each other on Saturday's, because of work, school, and her guardian. Obviously, holidays are an exception. However, since I was in the marching band at my college, and I was doing it for pleasure, not for a grade, the football games were held on Saturday's. Obviously, I'd be too tired to see her after a hard performance. I'd love to if I had energy. She made me quit because she was guilting me into not seeing her on Saturday's. I enjoyed band for 7 years. It was the only hobby that really got me to be in the least bit social with people I consider family now. I also like to DJ. But most gig's involve me to be available on Saturdays, which if I say I have to do something, she absolutely loves it, not talking to me and crying about it for between a day and a week. And since she only confides in me and me alone, I have to listen to all her problems. I don't have time to relax properly. Last time I relaxed fully, was the summer of freshman year of college.
She seems to expect phone calls as well. Every day. If she doesn't get it, she gets depressed. But most of the time, I call on my 15 minute break at work (I work in the evenings into overnights), and after I close the Deli, she takes over my lunch, and I can't eat on the phone because it would annoy her, and it would normally lead into her being mad and she makes me talk her to sleep every night for about a year now, and being forced to talk if i don't say anything on the phone is hard, and it honestly stresses me more than anything else. Although most women freak out if you don't text them within 2 minutes, she doesn't care if I am at work, and she will get depressed for attention. In fact, it is very common for me to be on the phone while I am at work, during my shift, and she doesn't understand that could get me fired. She hates when I have to go, then she gets depressed. No matter what I do, she gets depressed and it is 90% my fault. I love her to death, honestly. But she has a lot of weight on me. So much so, that I never have time with friends or family. I basically alienate myself (adding to my existing Asperger's Syndrome is not a good thing) in my room and praying for a peaceful time.
Ever since, I get mad at myself, suicidal because I can't fix everything. I can't make myself better. I feel like I'm so mad at myself, that I have no reason to live. I have been in stages of anger so fierce that I feel like I have an "Omega" form that wants to destroy. And I learned that this mental form change is very potent and toxic. I had a punching bag. HAD. But it got destroyed because of my inate anger at myself, since hurting myself was never an option in my book, but since my fiance is Manic Depressed and Bipolar, I never truly know how my day will go.
My "form" gets worse with music. I like EDM, Dubstep, Drum and Bass, Hardstyle, Metal, and other Heavy Genres. In fact, one time I had a "form change" so bad, that I ripped metal fence out if the ground (with my bare hands and no tools, mind you) while listening to some Dubstep. These form changes never started until College, oddly enough. Her jealousy, her feelings, and her well being have a toll on me. I work very hard. I never have time alone, although I feel alone. When I'm sad or stressed about something, she makes it about herself and how she has or had it worse that what I'm in.
I understand what she has been through, and I try to support her as best I can, because I truly do love her. Sure I may accidentally convey that she is becoming a monster, but she's not. She is never like this when we are in person. With one exception.
Her jealousy (like I've said previously) is extremely volatile. In fact, she dealt with a miscarriage almost 2 years ago. I'm still dealing with it to this day (actually, this is the reason I made this post, I needed to vent and get help when I can.) because the jealousy of the school (which has a daycare in the facility) and teenage pregnancies (especially her friends are getting pregnant as well), and she gets extremely depressed and the only way it gets fixed is to name the miscarried baby (which I aptly named Dakota, because its a neutral gender name), and she wants to fill the void in her heart with another baby, one she can actually take care of. I'd love to do it if it wasn't for her not even going to college yet (she will be going in the fall, but if it happens, theres a 70% chance she will drop out because her stress threshold is a little below average) and she wants to find a job (again with the stress), and as of right now, I'm currently the only one between us that has a job, paying all the bills, paying for the wedding (especially my side of the family as a whole), and having only one vehicle (which is breaking down a lot), buying a house or living space, and paying for a lot of things, and college is also a problem. But if I even mention breaks off classes or finals week being earlier than her high schools, she will flip back at me.
But after all this, the storms in my mind are rumbling and rolling thunder crashing harder as the day goes on. I can't take much more stress much more, and its been getting so bad that I can't follow my dreams, build Internet of Things devices and making objects for people, especially for my aging grandparents. It's honestly putting a toll on me that cannot be easily repaired.

Also, because of this, simple things like food, have no taste, and I never eat because I feel never hungry, I don't remember the last time I ate, and my hobbies are not interesting to me anymore, and I feel as though my future will hold nothing in store, and will always be just another anxiety inducing stress fest and I will never amount to anything in life.

There's way more, but this is a condensed version. I'm in serious need of help. Anything is very appreciative. Thank you for listening.