I think I'm a pedophile, and I'd rather die than become an offender.WARNING: Some people will probably find this downright sickening. I can't blame them. Don't read if the subject matter troubles/disgusts you.

I'll cut right to the chase. I'm fifteen years old, and there hasn't been a day in almost four months where I haven't battled with myself over whether or not I'm a pedo.

It started in March, shortly after the stay-at-home order come out in my part of the world. I was masturbating one evening when my little brother's face popped into my head. (he's 10)

I tried to brush it off that evening, but the thought of me being something that I absolutely despised stayed with me. I couldn't let it go. Despite overwhelming evidence to the contrary (at the time), the thought stayed with me.

None of this was helped by the spike in "MAPs" (Minor Attracted People, for those fortunate enough to not know of these people) appearing on Twitter at the time, and what seemed like an increase of child sex offense in the news, although looking back, this was probably just my brain cherry-picking.

Anyway, the thoughts persisted. I started masturbating more often to keep sexual thoughts out of my mind. I started to try and "test" myself, where I envisioned sexual scenarios that were pedophilic in nature to see how I would react. At first, my mind refused to go there. When it finally did, results were as I would have hoped, at least, until they weren't.

This led to something even worse. I couldn't look at younger boys without thinking about sex. At first, I didn't even think about fucking them, just about how much I didn't want to. But eventually, that changed. Soon I thought about having sex with every underage boy that was feasibly in his double-digits as a matter of habit. Following that, I started to get aroused by it.

I lost interest in porn that used to arouse me. Actually, "lost interest" isn't the right word. I couldn't be aroused by it anymore, or at least, I thought I couldn't. That was very distressing to me, to say the least. So, I went to the next obvious step. I started browsing 4chan's /b/ board to find shotacon porn. (drawn porn of young boys) And again, at first I couldn't get a reaction from it, but soon enough I was popping boners from it. I refused to jack off to it, I guess as a matter of principle.

Just recently, me and my family went to a resort for vacation. On our second day, we go to the pool. Lo and behold, there were scores of young boys that I couldn't keep my eyes off of.

And I felt horrible. I ran off to locker room and locked myself in a stall, out of shame. I was in there for 20 minutes, until my mother came and got me.

And that's basically how I've been living for almost four months. An endless cycle of self-hatred, bargaining, and self-pity in my head. But it's almost like waking from a dream when I try to write all the details down. Naturally, it drudged up plently of suicidal thoughts.

I've considered all sorts of things. I tried giving up porn/masturbation. That didn't last long. I tried giving up shota porn. I always relapse after a few days, though I'm going on a week clean as of today. I researched castration. That would throw off my puberty. I tried going on sites where I could talk to psychologists. The ones I tried either failed to submit for some reason or yielded no help.

I'd love to seek therapy, but what happens when I do? I have to tell my mom, who inevitably tells my whole family, and the therapist has to tell the school. All this is putting aside that it'll cost my family a pretty penny.

I also worry that if I am a pedo, that it's all my fault. I started watching porn at a very young age. I was 8 when I saw my dad search for images of women topless on his computer, and naturally, monkey see monkey do. From what I read, pedos tend to become this way from either abuse or young sexual experiences.

I've lost interest in all of my old hobbies. I stopped watching YTers that I used to enjoy, I guess because I felt bad that I was a bad person enjoying all of these things, I guess I feel like I don't deserve it.

Sorry, I got really off-topic there. Point being, I don't want to risk offense. I would rather be asexual if it meant I felt like myself, but that's impossible. I can't live with the endless morbid thoughts for the rest of my life. The only alternative is suicide. I figure that if I'm a danger to those around me, it would be better for me not to be around at all.