Why do we not own our lives?Hello, this is my first time using reddit. I don't really know where to start writing. I just feel like im running out of options and there's only one sure fire solution in my eyes. For the past 14-15 years I've been depressed, I can pinpoint the time to when I was around 11-12 years old however I can't identify any reason as to why things started to get bad for me around then but they did. I view it as a graph where my happiness and state of mind slowly began to decline and as the years went on the decline became much steeper much faster. If I've been depressed for 15 years then I've  been contemplating suicide for 12.

I've tried everything, I've been on multiple medications been to multiple therapists, trying different techniques and nothing ever helps. In fact the medication did the opposite of helping and drove me to a suicide attempt this time last year. I have since stopped taking medication but I am still suffering their effects as I can no longer sleep as I could before. Before it might only take me 20 minutes to nod off, now I'm lucky if it takes 90, then there's the nights when sleep just doesn't come, like tonight, im writing this at 4:58am.

Everyday for the past decade I have had suicidal thoughts and I say that with 100% sincerity. I often find myself hoping that I'll one day awake with a serious illness, heart attack or get in a fatal accident so that things get taken out of my hands. It's on nights like this when I can't think of anything else other than suicide and I've been asking myself recently why is it that we seem to have no control or say over our own lives?

I'm certain that if I lived in America then I would not be here to write this, as I would have done the deed years ago with a gun. Why does society persist against my wishes to try and "fix" me when I could have told you 10 years ago that fixing me was impossible? Instead, they wait for me to hang, poison or eviscerate myself in order to make that conclusion? For God's sake, we have clinics all over Europe that monitor drug users when they inject themselves with literal poison, why cant we have any to ensure people safely leave this world? Instead they're forced to do it alone, scared and broken. I know about the euthanasia clinics in a few Scandinavian countries but they usually require a terminal or exceptionally special case before going through.

All I want is the right to die by my own rules but of course our governments wouldn't want us destroying their property: The tax payer.

I apologize for the long winded post but its just been playing on my mind as things usually do when im awake at 5am and I wanted to vent somewhere. I'm quickly running out of alternatives and don't see any reason to carry on and I think at this stage its an inevitability that I will die by my own hands, which is a relief in some ways. 

