I need to tell someone.Reddit, this was something I swore to take to my grave, but the guilt is tearing me apart. I need to confess to someone anonymously.

I have been dating my wonderful boyfriend for 5 1/2 years now. We just bought a house together (but have yet to move in). I can't imagine myself with anyone else.

Financially, I'm not doing so well. I have a lot of student debt, and I don't make much money at work. I'm trying to find a new job, but I have been very unsuccessful. Because of this, I accepted an offer to do some topless modeling for about $500, which my bf was ok with. The person doing the shoot insisted it be 1-on-1, so I went to the place to do it yesterday alone. I did the shoot for the topless modeling (no face showing). The person doing the shoot said in one of the shots, he had to touch me. I wasn't really ok with this, but I needed the money and just let it happen for a few minutes. Then he told me about another offer, one that could get me $3000. I asked what it was, and he said it was just me doing panty teases and playing with myself a little. Ok, I guess I could do that. Then he said I had to sit on him for part of the shot and do the same thing. I expressed my discomfort, but he insisted I wouldn't get paid for the previous shots unless I did it, and that was the last shot we needed. It wasn't though. From there, it only got worse. Now he had to rub his penis on my panties, and then he had to rub on my bare vagina. I expressed how severely I was not ok with this. I was hyperventilating and sobbing how I was not ok with this. He insisted, saying I wouldn't get anything without this shot. Said he was trying to help me, that he knew I needed the money and he made sure he could get me a lot of it. I was afraid that because my face slipped into some of the shots, it wouldn't be edited out if I didn't comply. I'm afraid of the shame that could come with it. So I laid back and let it happen, all while sobbing and expressing how much I couldn't stand it. I hurried and left after the entire ordeal was over, leaving with only $200.

Why am I posting this here? Well, what happened is destroying me. I need to get this out to SOMEONE. I cut myself several times for the first time after being clean for about 6 years. I'm fighting the urge to do more as I type this. I feel so horrible. I can't eat, I can't sleep well, and when I do, I'm plagued with nightmares. My boyfriend would leave me if he found this out, I'm positive he would. He's been nothing but wonderful to me for all these years, we talk nothing more than spending our long, wonderful life together. He has never given me any reason to distrust him, and I know he doesn't have it in him to do anything as horrible as what I did. My world begins and ends with him. If I lost him, I couldn't carry on. 

Thank you for taking the time to listen to me. If I could get forgiveness from just one person, I'm hoping I would feel at least a little better.




UPDATE:

I called my boyfriend and had him come to my house after work today. It was hard, but I explained the situation to him. Though he was upset, he handled it very well. He was more angry at himself for allowing me to go in the first place (I told him before I went that I wouldn't go if he wasn't ok with it), and alone at that. I told him I was just trying to be more of help with our house, and he told me as long as I had no intentions of it getting that far or any interest in this man, then he isn't mad at me.


Thank you all very much for giving me the courage to come clean, I don't think I could have done it without your encouraging words.