I have not felt this bad in years...Basically, I cannot stand living with major regrets. It all happened last year when I "broke" a friendship with my friend. The funny thing is that she was actually an "internet friend", met her while playing games online, but it really felt like she was my bestie. She was my shoulder to cry on, I was hers, she told me about her friends, family, boyfriend etc., I told her about my life, my friends, school, she told me everything about her fears, dreams, I told her mine. We were communicating through emails...

Her messages always brought me smile, you cannot possibly imagine how relaxing it was to sit down, check my email, talk about my life with overseas friend.

And then it happened. We had a mini argument about something (just a general thing, will not go into details), she called me some bad names which I took too seriously. Basically started ignoring her emails... That is what hurts the most. Her last mail contains just a few words, basically saying: "oh wow, he is gone"... Answered to that short message two days later, and since then I have not heard from her. In the last three weeks I sent her like 5 emails, hoping she might answer, but no response. I feel like she was only using email to communicate with me. I am also back to online gaming, hoping she might hop on. One can only hope...

What is interesting is that I almost forgot about her. She stopped talking to me, too bad, but life goes on, right? Well, not quite... Three weeks ago I just wanted to look back a bit, started going through all our messages and then it hit me. Had this sudden attack of nostalgia, thinking about all our conversations, thinking about how much I actually miss her. I have cried since then like 6 or 7 times. Only because of that. Am I weird? Am I weird for craving that internet friendship so much? Lately I started talking to my friends even more than before because I simply learned to never take friendships for granted and to never let go people who care for you. Even though, she was "just" an internet friend, she cared deeply about me. I only realized this when I went through her messages. Really a great friend even though I have never met her in real life.

What else? It seems like she cared more about our friendship than I did. She cared more about me than I did about her. And that is what hurts. When I have not answered to her emails in a week or two I told her I was "busy"... Yeah, right, I just wasnt in the mood for sending a message. Busy? BUSY?! The fuck... I had all the time in the world and I couldnt sent at least one message to my friend? God, it is so painful to even think about that time. How good it was to have someone like her. I knew I could trust her, she knew she could trust me. And now this time is gone just because of me... Just because I was "busy". Just because I couldnt find a minute to say hi to her. A simple "hi" would do it. "Hi, how are you? How is your life? I hope you are doing great :)" A simple message would do it...

Honestly, one more time: how weird is that? Missing simple emails from whom you actually never met? I would be one of the happiest people if we start talking again.

All I feel right now is just major regret... Why didnt I answer earlier? Why was I busy? And regretting is the main cause for crying like a baby. Regrets are tough and painful. Too sensitive? Perhaps. But what can I do...

I would never imagine such a thing can affect me so much. Basically lost any motivation to go to the gym, I feel sad most of the days, but at least I learned some valuable lessons.... 

Meh, I feel horrible... Sorry, if this "novel" seems out of place, but right now my mind also feels disorganized. Will try to cope with some NBA today.

Oh, Merry Christmas and Happy New Year!