Hanging myself tonight when everyone goes to bed..I can’t do this anymore. I’m sorry to all of my family, my kids... but they are far better without me. 
I’m tired of going on. For the 23 years I’ve been alive, I have never been truly happy. Since I was 4 years old I was just made to be sexually abused. At the hands of my biological father and so many others in my life. I never understood what was wrong with me. Why I was constantly targeted by men. Always sexually subjectified even as a young girl.. I became using serious drugs at only 12. Starting cutting myself even earlier.. I hate myself and who I’ve become. Someone who is weak. All I do is think negatively. It eats away at my soul and there is nothing positive left inside me. I feel so bad for everyone who has known me. I’m just a piece of shit and they all know it. The only thing that I have to offer anyone is my appearence.. that’s all anyone cares about. I can’t tell you how many stalkers I’ve had at every job I’ve worked. I’ve been taped by a bestfriend. Raped by my dad since a child and continually. Molested. Physically abused by ex boyfriends. I can’t take this pain anymore. I can’t talk to anyone about how angry I am and how much I truly hate myself because they don’t want to hear it. But I can’t keep it in anymore..... my baby’s dad hates me and thinks I’m a whore with nothing to offer anyone. And I believe that. I’ve given men what they want at the expense of my own emotions. I am physically numb in my body. I don’t enjoy anything in life. I never want to eat.. Each day I’m fading away. I have numerous health problems and none of the doctors can help me. Had an appointment for over 6 months at Stanford,the other day, showed up to find out I couldn’t be seen.. I have the worst luck guys. I no longer want to fight for my health. I give up. So this is my goodbye. I’m sorry and I wish I had the strength in me to not let go but I’ve been holding this rope for years. I’ve lost my grip now. This beautiful world will be missed. But I won’t miss living in it with this body and mind.