I don’t know what to do anymore...I don’t know what to do. I feel I’ve been battling this for a long time now, on and off. I’ll be fine for a period of time and then not fine for either a shorter amount of time or a longer amount of time. I’ve always felt worthless and that I don’t matter to many people or anyone at all, or that I don’t matter to the people I want to matter too. All of that and probably more depression and anxiety that I feel I have but never diagnosed, weigh on me like the sea crushing someone who’s drowning. It makes me feel like I don’t want to live anymore. That it would all just be easier if I wasn’t here. That what I’m not burdening anyone anymore or being a dependent. All my problems would go away if I wasn’t here, I won’t have to deal with anything anymore. It would just be peaceful blackness (maybe that’s why I love sleep too much). Today it really hit me though. I’m not perfect and I know that. I know my own intentions and sometimes my thoughts. There are times where I feel like I’m not listened too or that whatever I’m saying doesn’t matter (someone talks over me and I just stop talking like I never started in the first place) or I’m never given the opportunity to explain myself so that they understand. I’m an up and down back and forth side to side kinda person. I’ll try and explain and have to go back and re explain because I thought of a better way to say it. So nothing ever really comes out right. Anyway back to today, it hit me again, but really hit me. The thoughts flooded in and I couldn’t stop them. It started at noon and still hasn’t stopped. Thoughts of ways I could end it, how easy it would be. Drive my car off a bridge or into another car head on or into ditch if I go fast enough. Or more simplistic ways like cutting or hanging. I couldn’t stop thinking about them. And it all comes back to the feeling that I don’t matter, I’m not good enough, no one cares, I can never explain so that they unadorned. So I guess my mind snapped and everything came rushing in. I’m just lost honestly. Torn between reality/life (that I don’t want anymore) and death. Like I said I’ll think of ways to hurt myself or off myself, but I’ve never acted upon it. At least not in the last ten years or so. I can still think of the negative outcome that friends and family would experience while I want to kill myself and I think that’s what stops me. But at the same time I think, what is the point of life? I’ve fucked up too many times, cut too many people off that I now have no one. And I don’t really mean that, I mean I know there’s family like parents and siblings but I’ve also cut them off. I conceded myself inside my head and room so much now that I find death as an escape, the only way out. I don’t want this life I have anymore. I want to start over, have a fresh start from birth again. Maybe have a better family, make better friends, better choices etc. I just don’t know what to do. I want to die but I don’t. I want to start over but I don’t want to put in the effort to try that now. I don’t know where to turn who to talk to. So I turned here to Reddit. Hopefully someone listens