My girlfriend is the most suicidal person I know and I don't know how to help her anymoreMy girlfriend and I are both 21. We met through social media and we've been dating for about 10 months now, and I've known about her suicidal ideation and intent for somewhere around 9 months.

At first, I found it almost romantic be helping her with her struggle. She needed someone in her life to listen to her. It was so great to feel needed. She seemed to be getting happier. But as time went on, it became more apparent to me exactly how "at risk" she actually is. I've done some light research on suicide prevention, and the more I read the more I realize that she fits almost every risk factor. Loss and detachment from family, childhood abuse, drug addiction (heroin 7 years, 6 months clean when we met and still clean), mental illness (depression, anxiety, OCD, bipolar, etc.) no job, no drivers license, and the only two friends she has are both suicidal as well. Her partner before me was also an addict, physically abusive, cheated on her multiple times... Not helping the situation.

She has recently started seeing a psychiatrist and therapist, but the medications she has tried so far aren't working the way they're supposed to and she hasn't made a lot of progress in therapy despite weekly visits. She's losing hope that anything is going to change. I'm the only person in her life that she feels actually listens to her or understands what she's going through. In my eyes, this puts a huge strain on our relationship and has been draining me for quite some time. I'm exhausted, and my feelings for her aren't as strong as hers are for me. She talks about how cute our children will be, talks about marriage, about forever... And she's never met my family or formed a relationship with anyone in my life. I'm not ready to think about "forever" with anyone just yet. I've tried to end things between us a few times, but every time I do she threatens suicide. Once, she even hinted towards becoming violent with me, claiming in her rage that she wanted to "stab me repeatedly."

It's not as if she's just being manipulative to keep me from breaking up with her, because she constantly talks about suicide regardless of how things are going between us. All the time, even when I'm not breaking up with her, she talks about how I'm "the only thing that gets her up in the morning" and "the only reason" that she has to stay alive. Last week she made an attempt on her life because of an argument we had. I'm really scared. I know that I can't continue in this relationship anymore, but I'm afraid it will kill her if I leave. I'm afraid she'll die even if we do stay together. I'm afraid for my own safety as well, but mostly for hers (I live 60 miles away from her and she has no way to get to me if she wanted to hurt me). 

I don't know what to do. Obviously, I don't want her to kill herself, but I also don't want to be in this relationship anymore. Any advice at all would be greatly appreciated.