I'm a piece of shit to the one thing I care about and I can't ever find the effort to fix it. When it gets bad it just makes me feel like such a piece of shit that I shut down until it passes.My family. I'm 21. Learning a trade so I can eventually move out, but I'm terrified of when that'll happen because I have zero social skills and anxiety in about everything I do. The only time I feel comfortable is playing video games so I do that probably too much. These past two weeks I've been on break and just got into an argument with my mom because she asked me to watch my siblings and I didn't like how short notice it was (for some reason I get really bad anxiety when schedules are changed suddenly, even if that schedule was nothing in particular). The two weeks went on fine, but my mom just dropped it on me that she goes out of her way not to have me do anything because she knows it gets to me when stuff unnexpectedly comes up and she "feels like a piece of shit when she asks me to do something". I had no clue. Just thought she didn't have much for me to do lately. I feel like such a fucking loser asshole for making her feel that way. I'm a huge burden on my parents even if they don't ever voice it. They talk all the time about "When you move out" with such a tinge of optimism in their voices and it makes me feel alone and really makes me feel like they can't stand me. I can't stand myself honestly. I have no motivation. Even the trade I'm learning I told them I'd do just so I could keep from getting a job that would eventually lead to me moving out. Everyday I tell myself "What the fuck are you doing with your life, you won't be anything you're not normal enough to do so." It's almost like a tick that anything bad that happens to me my brain instantly thinks "fucking kill yourself" to myself. I can't stop no matter how much I try and honestly I'm starting to seriously think it. They don't like me. I don't like me. I honestly would've done it a long time ago had my siblings not been born. When I move out I might do it when I become disconnected from them long enough. 

Edit: lol even nobody in this sub wants anything to do with me cuz I'm such a fucking mistake. 