game over?
childhood:
(home life) physically/mentally abused by a relative that was suppose to be looking after me while my mom was busy working two jobs to support the both of us and have a life of her own as she was young.

he would smack me around, make me kneel in the corner of the living room for hours on end. tell me he would cut off my "wiener", cut it up and cook it then feed it to me. always told me i was stupid and would never amount to anything and i was a waste of life.

i hated staying at his place. i especially hated when the weekends came and my mom would go out on friday and leave me there with him. i tried my best to stay awake at night so when she returned i could go home with her instead of having to stay there for the night and having to deal with more abuse in the morning. 

all this started when i was very young, before school. it continued until i was about 8-9 years old when my mom finally allowed me to stay home alone and take care of myself.

(elementary school life) at first i was happy to be at school because it meant i was away from my abusive uncle. but i was constantly bullied by classmates or even the teachers would get at me. 

the classmates would bother me because of my name (feminine to them) and the teachers seemed to be focused on asking me what the answer was to whatever subject was being discussed. to this day i am not sure why i was the major focus in class, perhaps it was because i was very quiet and mostly kept to myself and it was there way of trying to open me up.

every morning before the doors would open to start class i had to fight someone. they would start name calling, then pushing me around. eventually i had to retaliate. this ended up with me in the office all the time talking to the principals about why the other kid was crying and i was sitting there calmly explaining he was pushing me and calling me names and i defended myself. but of course they didn't believe me, i wasn't the one crying.

i spent a lot of time in the principal's office explaining myself. i would miss out on a lot of field trips and almost never attended physical education. they would always send me to the library to clean and organize books while all my other classmates were enjoying themselves.

punished, for defending myself. girls apparently liked me a lot i found out later but were scared of me because they assumed i was a bad kid. perhaps thats why they even liked me. the illusion that i was a bad kid. 

(summer holidays) i thought a way of avoiding my uncle would be to visit distant relatives. my mom promoted this idea and thought it was a great idea. my other aunt and uncle had a farm and quads so that was exciting to me. my cousins out there were pretty cool too. except one of them. she managed to force me to eat her out on a regular occasion. i am unsure of what age she was(teens), but im certain this started when i was 7 years old. 

i tried to kill myself at some point in elementary school. my mom caught me and i talked to her about how i didnt want to live anymore. basically explained all the problems in my life at that point and how i was so alone and never had anyone to hangout with or talk to. one of her jobs was to help mentally challenged people and i mentioned to her how i wished i was mentally challenged so she would pay attention to me. 

(middle school) this was a very new chapter in my life. moved far away from all my relatives and i would no longer have to see my abusive uncle ever again, although i had done a pretty good job avoiding him for the most part before we left.

to be honest middle school was great for me in this new place we had moved to. i made friends really quick and became fairly popular with everyone. especially the most beautiful girls in school at that time. 

i made a best friend too, we always hungout and did our school work together. it was great. 

things took a turn for the worse however, i am not sure if it was jealousy or what. but my friend was always chasing after the girls. i was still really shy and quiet but once i opened up i was pretty fun i suppose. his girlfriends for some reason always found themselves more attracted to me and always tried to call me and come over to see me when he wasnt around. i always told them no and to leave me alone. 

i made the decision to let him know they were calling me. not to gloat or anything, just so he could be aware. 

next thing i know im going to school and theres a rumor going around that i was telling people some girl gave me a blowjob that was his girlfriend at the time. pretty soon going to school in the morning was much like going to school in elementary school except it was 5x worse. instead of it being just 1 kid wanting to pick on me, it was more like a mob of young teens. 

even a couple of guys from the high school made a special trip to our school a few blocks away during lunch to lay some punches into my face. my popularity wilted away. i no longer had a best friend. 

(high school) we had moved again, so it was a chance to start over again. school started out decent. i didnt make any friends right away or anything, kept to myself and tried to keep my eye open for someone who was as distant as myself. 

found him in the computer science class. and noticed we had a few other classes together so we started to hangout and walk to school together and discuss dragonball z, starcraft and counter-strike together.

we always talked about everything, things were great again. everything was falling into place once again. it didn't last very long however. he ended up meeting a girl in grade 10 (which hes actually married to now) so i rarely ever saw him anymore and we only had one class together at this point.

i started to get harassed more and more every day by these two guys that were in a couple of my classes. in art class they destroyed a few of the things i had designed out of chicken wire and paper mache. the teacher witnessed it but never bothered to do anything about it. she was old, probably close to retirement and didnt give a fuck.

*neglected to mention this earlier, but the moving started when my mom met someone*

things at home werent so good, talks of breaking up and whatnot always happened. i always went to bed listening to an argument of some sort. doors always slamming. 

eventually i discovered i could escape reality by sitting on the computer, putting some headphones on and playing videogames, watching movies or designing websites for clans that played counterstrike. 