What now?Hi. Props to you if you read this, it is quite long, boring and probably excessively self-indulgent..

So, a couple of years ago, I graduated and after a lot of working for free, found a way into working my full time dream job. Whilst were many areas of my life were unfulfilled, I had stability, inspiration and drive, and a love for life that kept me going. I did deal with the occasional bout of suicidal feelings, as I have PTSD from trauma that occurred through abuse in early life. However, that was why I worked so hard at my career. It was the only thing I had.

I was living at home with my family to begin with. My sister has mental health problems so things weren't exactly stable or peaceful. But I was out of the house for the most part.

So, several months into what was turning out to be the start of an incredible career, my Mum cheated on my Dad, and my Dad threw her out of the house, and me, just for being related to her. It was okay for her, she just shacked up with her then boyfriend, but me? I had no place to go. I wound up sofa surfing, I couldn't cope with the stress, and I had to quit my job. I had no money and ended up living on a credit card. A previous commission turned into £4,000 worth of debt to an employer who wouldn't take my situation into account and who sent the bailiffs after me. I had to cancel my bank accounts. My credit score is fucked, and I can no longer afford the things I needed for my career- or just need in general. Not that it matters now. 

It's been around a year and a half since I was originally made homeless, and I've since moved back in with my mum, who's no longer seeing her dumbass drug addict boyfriend, and while I'm thankful for that, she regularly puts me down, saying I'm lazy, entitled, etc. 

I was working in a retail store until last week, but it was a temporary contract and my employer made me redundant due to lack of business (they are usually busier this time of year, and it was a small, local company..). Although it wasn't what I wanted to do, I was enjoying working there, as my colleagues were very nice. I did feel as though it was a very stagnant, dead end job, though, with no career progression. And for my age, the wage is inappropriate. 

My mother wants me to move out, but how can I when the wages are so low that I'd have to work a 60 hour week just to be able to afford to survive? Surviving, only to get up and work another meaningless, dead-end day, it's fucking killing me. I don't have anybody to be a guarantor for me, so I'd have to probably sublet or something. 

Aside from all of this, a poor diet and lack of money for food over a year and a half means I'm pretty fucking malnourished to be honest, and I honestly think a 60 hour week would literally kill me. 

I don't dream anymore, now, because my dreams are all un-achievable. I don't have any relatives. I don't want to work in care, but that's all there is for me now. I'm really depressed. I'm in a relationship with a guy who is 7 years my senior, has extensive family who care about him, and is achieving his dreams, honestly I'm really jealous of him. He will probably leave me, for somebody better, prettier, healthier, happier, somebody who has lots of family and who doesn't have these problems. 

I tried to call my Dad the other day. He won't pick up the phone to me, and neither will any of my other relatives.

I keep thinking why would anybody want to be with me, because I can't do anything fun, I'm always so unhappy, I don't enjoy anything anymore, music, art, sex, it means nothing to me, and I just feel totally utterly numb. It's like, the despair over the loss of my job and my identity has gone away, and it's just been replaced by this flatness, sadness and lethargy. I used to have so much energy, but my soul has been crushed from everything I've been through. 

I'm so unhappy, I want to just disappear.