I did a terrible thing, and I can't forget itThis may be triggering, I guess.

tl;dr Me, gay, molested best friend's fiance while drunk. We lived together then and still do.

Well, hi. This is the story about how I did something terrible and want to die. 

Background: I'm a 26/M/Gay, with very minor bi-curiosity. I live with my two best friends, an engaged M-F couple. 

I moved back to my hometown after a break-up 2 years ago, at first living in a shared flat with the above couple. It was one of the happiest years of my life - I'm a socio-phobe and struggle to make friends (always suspected I lie somewhere on the autism spectrum, to be honest), but these were my best friends in the entire world. We did everything together, and never got sick of each other, even living in a pokey flat. So we decided to upgrade to a house. 

Everything was wonderful, until New Years 2014. We had a stay-in New Year with our group of friends at their house. I'm not a big drinker, but I got drunk enough on rum and...something else I was offered, that I only vaguely remember the New Year itself. 

Then I broke everything. When we got home, me and the girl went to our rooms, while guy friend and another friend were talking downstairs. I didn't fall asleep - instead, apparently, I decided to text the girl to tell her that I wanted to fuck her and guy friend at the same time. Then I went into her room, naked, and got into bed with her. I tried to kiss her, and tried to touch between her legs. She pushed me away, thankfully still sober enough to understand what was going on, and got her fiance from downstairs. All he knew was that I was drunk in their bed; innocent and stupid, right? So he didn't do anything more than try to turf me out. 

He didn't have any reason to suspect anything. I've never done anything like this before. I first had sex at 23 and have never really understood flirting, so to make unwanted advances on someone just makes no sense to me. 

The next morning I woke up and realised what I'd done. I don't remember deciding to do what I did, or how it could have seemed like a good idea at the time. It felt like a terrible dream, but I had to deal with the consequences. I immediately text messaged her to tell her sorry (they were still in their room), but obviously she was disgusted and wanted nothing to do with me right then. So I went for a walk, and didn't come back until the afternoon. The third friend had stayed over, so I couldn't talk to them until he left. 

As an aside, while on my walk, I found a key on the ground outside an apartment. I handed it in at the local police station. I don't really know why what that's important, but doing a minor good deed while my world fell apart has stuck with me. I don't believe in fate, or karma. I wish I did. 

I called my mum because I needed to confess what I'd done. She supported me as best she could, but I couldn't bring myself to tell her about the text part. 

I got back home, and me, the girl and the guy sat down together. I apologised, over and over again, and broke down in tears. They hadn't ever seen me cry before that. I didn't have any answers for them. 

We still live together, a year later. Things have never really been the same. My anxiety and depression have returned worse than ever, and I feel like a monster. Every day something triggers me, even something stupid like a standard Jekyll/Hyde plot or some other betrayal story on TV. That's me, I think to myself. That's what I am. They got a lock installed on their bedroom door, and every night she openly brings the 2nd room key to him so he can get in later, and no matter how good I'm feeling right then, I suddenly collapse and feel like a disgusting waste of space all over again. 

I know I should just move out, but I can't afford to live alone, and they're saving for their wedding, so I'd put them out of pocket, too. I know all they want is for me to be how I was and to forget this ever happened, but I can barely summon the self-respect to get me through the day. I honestly don't know how she feels about it all. He's like the twin I never had, and he's long since forgiven me, but it didn't happen to him. It happened to her. For all I know, the fact he still treats me like his platonic life partner upsets her more than anything. 

All I want to do is throw myself into the sea. I can't do that, because it would destroy my mum, and leave these two people I've already damaged to pay extra rent they can't afford. But it feels like the only right thing to do. 

Sometimes it feels like this was done to all of us, like something horrible took possession of me to make us suffer. It's never a decision I'd have made sober, and I quit drinking immediately and haven't look back since. I don't understand how alcohol twisted my mind so much, except that I've never been a big drinker and always distrusted alcohol, so maybe I never got used to it. That's another layer of bitter irony in the whole thing. But I know it was me, and I did it, and I have to live with it. I just feels unfair. 

Even a year later, I can't summon the willpower to care about myself, or anything around me any more. I feel like I don't deserve to be happy. 

I feel like I'm living in Hell, and I don't know what to do any more. 