So I made a bad decision and can’t afford therapy(long)Hey, I’m here because honestly for the first time in my life I don’t know what the fuck to do and my thoughts are becoming terrifying. You can find it in my previous posts I’m pretty sure but I went on a three-day DXM binge and posted about my trip on the last day yesterday. On the third day I found out my dad had lung cancer and proceeded to drop that night and following I either had a terrible 4th plateau trip with hints of a sigma or a terrible 4th plateau trip with a self-induced near psychotic break because I wasn’t able to process what I found out and what was going to happen to my dad at the time since I was afterglowing and I oddly began to in the beginning of the trip that night. It’s been almost three weeks now and I still panic and shake when I think about moments in my trip and I have a hard time staying in the same room as my dad for a long period of time. I’m still horribly dissociated and my depression and mania are horrible. I can’t even remember much of anything that happened this year besides finding out about my dad after that night.

I eventually told my mom because the whole dilated pupils thing ya know and it wasn’t the best time for her to suspect I was on actual hard drugs, but mostly because I couldn’t get the thoughts of my dad and vivid CEV’s of him dying out of my head and I wanted it to stop. She wasn’t mad she just said not to do it again and that she doesn’t want to have to worry about me too but she really understand how bad it really is and how the trip went, even after telling her bits of what I saw and what I can still perfectly imagine. I’m afraid to tell her now how I’ve been processing it because she doesn’t have the mental fortitude at the moment and she has a hard time understanding. 

My intrusive thoughts have become almost constant and I just have constant scenes of various methods of me dying playing in my head but I don’t feel the urges to kill myself, I just have this constant feeling now that I’m watching myself through a camera instead and just feel void of any emotion whenever Im not having a dissociative episode of me thinking about my dad or trying to remember my trip. It definitely doesn’t help either that I quit my job in the beginning of the year because for the first time in my life I was getting panic attacks and it was mentally taxing, and now my mom is refusing that I get a new job because she wants me to be there to take my dad to treatment appointments so all I can do at home all day is just sit in my room staring at the ceiling going in between bad thought loops and dissociative episodes. I want to be there for him I really do, like I said in my trip report I wrote, last year LSD taught me that my dad is pillar in my life even though he doesn’t know it. But...it’s almost unbearable seeing him in the condition he is in now. He is a strong hard-working man and now he can already barely talk or do much moving around or else he feels like he’s going to pass out. I genuinely feel like this is going to kill me before it kills my dad. I just want this all to end, I want to feel like me again.

I’m sorry but I just need to talk about this and just get all this shit out. I don’t have many friends to talk to but the ones I do have are all people that have had plenty of bad experiences with LSD, K, and DMT etc etc but again they don’t know or understand how bad it really is and I don’t want to freak them out or overshare. Thanks for reading and sorry if it’s hard to understand but just mentioning the trip still makes me panic. Not even sure if this is the right subreddit for this but I’m getting desperate..