I'll never experience loveI realized I will never be loved in this life...


I hate myself because I have been unable to find love and affection throughout my life.. the only way to cope with my high sexdrive was masturbation and porn addiction over close to 2 decades, I hate myself even more every time I fap. It's so pathetic. A grown man watching other people having sex and fantasizing of having a girl by my side, while I fully know I will never be able to have that. I used to go to callgirls a few times, felt even more like a pathetic loser afterwards though. 


Every time I found a girl I liked I managed to mess it up so far, I either can't really open myself or I got awkward around her, or I didnt make a move when I should have or whatever. I probably seem cold to them or as if I have no interest, or maybe even just plain boring. I really don't know at this point, because I never had a working relationship and girls usually don't tell me either..


Even on the rare occasions when they REALLY liked me, I somehow fucked it up.. and they started ignoring me or lose interest or whatever. It has always been the same. And that happened mostly when I was younger where I actually was around girls a decent amount of time. Nowadays the only chance for me to meet girls is online, but I don't seem to have any success there either. Which means if I didn't have success back then, how the fuck should I have success now..


I'm already 31 years old, never been in a relationship, depressed as fuck. Hardly going out anymore, no job anymore, failed university student.

Why should I even try? Things are not going to get better from here on. All my friends are now married or have partners and so I don't even see them hardly anymore, and I'm slowly losing these friends. In my 20s I had so many friends, social contacts and acquaintances, even many girls who had interest in me, and now there's nothing left.

Feel like an alien nowadays tbh, I really hate being lonely and I always used to be a social person, but nowadays every day is just me doing lonely stuff at home on my laptop, or going to the gym alone occasionally. No dreams anymore, no goals, complete failure in life.

At this point I pretty much feel that my pathetic life is over.. but at the same time I do not have the courage yet to take my own life, and I don't want to hurt my mother and friends.


TL;DR : I feel like a loser, I hate being lonely and never gotten to experience a true relationship. My best years were all wasted. I will have to end my life eventually.