if i dont manage to get disability, then i might not live any longer.ive got 6 months before obamacare fucks me over for not having insurance and more then likely i wont get disability anytime soon. i have no medical records, couldnt afford going to the doctor while being on my moms insurance to begin with. i dont know what im gonna do.... if i didnt need my hearing or sight to be happy with disability, then id gouge my eyes out or jam skewers into my ears. now im thinking about offing myself cause me being here will only put my mom in debt. i shouldnt be alive anyways, im just a burden, a stone that just gets heavier the longer you hold it. hell, the only things i love for are food, video games, and my lover and all of those are in jeopardy of being stripped from me. without money i have no games and less or no food. i wouldnt be able to contact my lover who lives in the uk either and i wouldnt want them putting theirself in debt for me either. im just a leech. i cant even be disabled right! go figures it would all be mental and that its the hardest disability to prove, especially without the money to get checked up. i might of been fine if i had gone gor disability sooner, but my mom never believed me. she still doesnt. she probably thinks im just a lazy fuck who wont get a job. i question wether i am too or not too. mabey she would if i displayed my emotions, showered her my depression, made it more clear. but i just cant do that. besides, even when i told her when i was molested at a young age, she just took me to a counciler a few times and then after i said that he wasnt helping she just dropped it. it was kinda understandable because even then when we had at least a little money, it was still really bad coupled with her medical bills on her thyroid removal and such. and lets say i do get disability? what then? it still wont get me any closer to the one i love. im fairly certain that stuff doesnt carry over if i try to get citizenship in the uk, and they cant leave their mom whos dependant on them behind. mabey i was born to die and just never gave in. god i hate myself. im nothing but a broken failure that cant do anything right. its no wonder why my dad left saying "im leaving because of you". its no wonder why i was always picked on growing up. its not wonder why even when i tried to get a job i was always turned down. i wish id die in my sleep, because i even lack the guts to kill myself like ive tried in the past.