Imposter SyndromeThings have been going pretty well for me lately but I don't think they're going to last. 


They never do. My life has been a series of ups and downs and I am on medication for major depression and what she called "mild" anxiety. Which I can see because I have anxiety due to having been in real shit and not wanting to return to that. 
 

The meds do help. They really do but I don't feel like I deserve anything good. In fact they make me feel like I'm looking at this all clearly and factually.


I am constantly scared of messing up, my family doesn't actually care about me (this isn't an exaggeration. Any conversation steers towards them asking me for money.) I made my own family with wonderful friends and my lovely boyfriend but I can't help but think how much better they would be without me. 


I have found my father dead and dealt with setting all that up and dealing with my family afterwards at 21 years old. During this time I watched my dear friend of 10 yearsdie from cancer. She passed when we were 23. Last year my grandmother has passed (25) and now my family is calling me up for money again because they no longer have her to take care of them. A few weeks ago a childhood friend of mine  had passed. I'm assuming suicide as he wasn't doing well the last time we spoke.


I'm 26. I'm going to school and working full time. I'm failing my precalculus class. I'll probably get at bachelor's at 33. 


I am in charge of my team at work and they seem to like me but I know I'm replaceable. I work hard but I don't think I work hard enough at work or school. I hardly sleep. I also have a sport I play but I'm not as good as the others. The girls that praise me only think I'm good because they're new. They'll be better than me in time. (As they should be! They're hard workers!)


 Unfortunately if I kill myself my boyfriend doesn't get my life insurance policy which is 150k. I keep thinking how he can go to grad school and get a nice house with that money so if I just die "accidentally" it would be okay. He'll have a great life.


I don't think I'm worth all the love and support I receive from others. I feel like I'm a failure. I'm terrified of letting them down. I feel awful for wanting to die and I know it'll hurt them beyond belief but I've been there many times and I've moved on from their deaths. They'll move on from mine. I mean shit even my friends fiance has found a new girl. My boyfriend will find someone as well. I'm just fooling them and not letting them find someone better. 


They'll all be okay without me eventually. I love them all so much but I can't seem to love myself that same way. I feel like I'm just in their way and taking up their energy. 


I haven't made a plan to die but I certainly don't want to be alive anymore. I guess I'm here to express my feelings without emotionally burdening my friends further. They all know I'm depressed and want to die. In fact my best friends are all mental as well so I don't want to trigger them.


Thanks for reading.