I killed my dog.Kyle has had lymphoma (cancer) for like a year now. He’s being going through chemo and he was healing at first but recently his health got a lot worse. About a week ago, he started being lazier. 2 days ago, he started having trouble breathing. Today, he died. In the most HORRIFIC conditions possible. Because of me. My mom in the morning went to the vet and he said he was dying and he had to be put down, but my mom told him not to yet because I was still sleeping and I couldn’t say goodbye to him. So she came back home. Kyle couldn’t move, he was stuck in a small bed in front of our main door. He was breathing terribly and it was obvious that he wouldn’t live 2 more days. From 12:00 to 2pm the vet is closed, so I called for an appointment to put him down in the afternoon. At 1pm today, he died. The scene was horrific and traumatized me and will stick in my mind FOREVER. He was laying, trying to move but couldn’t, and at exactly 1pm he let his soul out go in a last terrific sound that he made from his mouth, as if gazes were leaving his body. A sound that I will never forget and has been in replay through my mind since then. A horrific sound that no one could ever replicate, and that sounds exactly like death if it had a sound. I saw his soul leave his body. My mom was crying and shouting as I’ve never seen her before. I didn’t want him to die naturally. I wanted him to be put down so he couldn’t feel anything. Because of me, he died agonizing in front of our main door. I am currently writing this at 1am. I cannot put to words how much I loved him, he wasn’t a dog for me I considered him as a human, there was just something so special about him, his soul was not one of an animal to me he always behaved like an intelligent and thinking person would and it always baffled me. But today because of me he died in the most terrible conditions possible. I feel SO much guilt and have had a pit in my stomach since then that will probably never leave me. This dog was my life. I love you Kyle. But I feel like he’s mad at me because of how I let him die and I’m losing my mind. I genuinely feel like he’s going to take revenge on me one day, his spirit have been haunting me since then and I feel are going to kill me. Please I’m scared. I already hallucinated his body walking in our garden like he always used to twice today in front of the hole we digged and buried him in today. I am scared of the dark, scared to be alone, scared of going to sleep, because I feel his spirits upon me and they are angry at me because of how I let him go away.