"survived" attempt last year. feel Death laughing in my face ever sinceprobably attempt 6 or 7 was last year, lost count when i moved to the city, haven't died died soo idk if its even considered attempting, just hard failing hahaha. havent slept so this will probably be ranting

Got a sous job. felt great, started to feel alienated, hosts werent listening, chefs weren't listening, i just felt over whelmed like what the fuck am i even doing in a kitchen.whatever it's not like they even called my ICE contacts to check on me so. pfft lets die, ok. boom lets go. 

I think at the time I woke up again and just started dying, I just felt weak, like I would probably bust my head on the way to the bathroom. I remember wanting to die, but just panicking bc i knew that this would just end really badly I took somewhere between 2 and 3 hundred pills of zquil,tylenol,advil pms. And all I could think of in the moment was *fuck.* No anti-nausea meds (dumbass) so I start blowing chunks, obvs lost my pill count. I knew if anything I just fucked up my system and it's going to be  long ass week. I remember smiling at whoever intubated me bc I knew it was all fucked.

stuck in icu for a few days, but i enjoyed it. my dreams were the scariest but turned into the most beautiful things after i'm guessing a few days . I really hoped in my heart of hearts that I was at least in purgatory. I wake up to find a friend at my feet. I didn't want that. I wanted everyone gone. I didn't tell anyone bc I really just wanted to die y ya. How did this turn into a whole thing. I didn't want her there or SOs mom looking at me as i lay passed out, I just felt more alone with everyone. Even Sos friend knew, i wouldnt have minded but they stayed over like the next month and i could just feel quiet judgement or at least weird quiet, no one talked about it but his friend and his SO knew. his friends SO said she was glad I was ok before they left after the weekend. Fucking slutbag, idk u or your bf but you both are balls deep in my business ok. anyway..

 I remember waking up again on one to one but I had my phone. I looked up my balance to check my deposits and either my balance was 360 or 360 was missing, I think it was supposed to be around 7something or almost 8. I bring it up to SO who got defensive saying so much was going on and he was worried, MTG games, Beer, Cigarettes. thats where the cash went. He said cleaning but there was still friggin nyquil goo on the floor and the trash wasn't taken out when I got back from the loony bin. call me heartless but idk i was out for a few days and 3 hundo was gone lol, how would it have been if i just died like?

So i was supposed to see a friend after it all, almost died near Katz deli. light said walk and I was inches away from getting it by a produce bus that ran the light, and I felt so alive. now I just wished i took a fucking step real quick. I wanted to think there was a reason I was here, that it was the universe saying I was leaving on her terms or not at all. 

Go to this place to wait, waited almost an hour for my friend to come by while the waiter ignored me which I guessed made me feel smaller than most times. Ah well, still alive. but since then it feels all downhill. Lost touch with that galpal, but we were both sad. I felt like sometimes she did things to make me feel smaller, but also feel like its just the fear of inadequacy telling me that. I do feel like she took me to a dark place that was unnecessary though, I felt wasn't allowed to really have problems. there was someone else who had something terrible happen. couldnt visit or call the loony bin bc she was busy (then why be over me in icu with ur sister who doesnt even know me). But at a certain point I felt like she always wanted to be the little wounded deer everyone helped but refused help bc she was too tuff . She talked about how certain people resented her, and how shitty everyone was, but I feel like she was a mean girl on the low. Like she has called me crying, she has been to my house at godless hours bc she was alone, i have literally dressed her wounds. we were thicc thieves together for a minute then I guess I got too much. Always late to see me, not texting for days, not really asking about me, and I felt like the one always seeking approval, and I felt she liked that bc she also felt shit?. Or maybe she was too depressed for friendship and maybe i'm just a needy piece of shit. Alone now so who is really laughing.

SO has been supporting me on and off bc I can't hold a job anymore. I think a few months before my big job he kept saying how I can't hold a job (idk it was in an argument) and now I really can't.Both drank and argued a lot, think it calmed officially a couple of months ago once I officially lost income for my own hard stuff. Right now he is playing fortnite. Before he took a nap at 12 he was also playing it. And yesterday? Yes. Also playing. We went to the store yesterday and just holding the basket not talking about anything. not discussing anything. he just took time off work to get a different job and I feel like I am good bc I am convenient?  I gave up my lease to be with him and now I feel like it's an obligation to take care of the things he can't/won't because he supports me and is happy with me sometimes. I feel like he's just been accustomed to having a plus one, it's not like a partner. I have no one and no where to go. no money and no income. as unhealthy as we are together sometimes, he is all I have here. aside from immediate family he talks to sometimes I feel like I am also his only friend. sometimes i don't want to die, I just want to go far away so he can develop on his own. He doesn't get" depression and I remember even throwing a noose I made at him. he was shocked and we stopped arguing that night, but guess  where that noose is? still on my dresser, and we live in a studio! wild.

 I've had 2 terminations and one miscarriage. (1st was bc of my new job which was a simple choice, save up and start, then the second I had been home from hospital for a little over a month, the last one I got a pill to finish bc I was but it was 'gone' already) He doesn't want to be a father (he said yes the last time but it was so scared and hollow i just had to go with my gut and went to the doc for the news), and I don't think we should raise a child who will grow up around resentment. (im a foster kid so tbh i would rather be a single mom but that was a whole thing so) I can't see myself having his child and remaining happy for the next year even. still think what would have happened had I just hit the road and started my own thing for me and my kid, think I wouldve been a good mom.

my dad friend keeps telling me to make moves to get back into painting but I wasnt even great at 17, I don't want anymore tiring adventures.

 It seems so pointless I'm not even sure if direction is necessary anymore.

I feel like I can't find my footing, I'm fucking tired of the kitchen, but i've been here since I was 16, it's all I am. I feel if you're not planning on being a chef, you'll be a linecook forever. while there's no shame in an honest job I feel like I wanted more from this life. I wanted to dream, and I feel like I dreamt too big. 

I feel like Death is laughing at me, and just waiting for me to fully get it through that I am alone. i feel like anyone's attempts to help are meant to sate their own senses of fulfillment, no one knows me, no one really cares.