Abusive 'Christian' parents - Need quick advice    I'm 18, and in great need of advice on what I should do.

    My parents are both Christan (Baptist) and wealthy (each making over 6 figures.) Unfortunately, my mom is abusive and my father is either away on business or doesn't want to go against her. She also has a history/present(?) of depression/bipolar disorder. Lots of irrational anger too.

    Close to ~3 a week she'll swear, yell, and get mad at me for very minor things, and on occasion (25% of the outlashes) has hit me.

    For example, my dad has been away on business for a few days now and this morning getting ready my sister asked if I could drive her and a friend to school for the third day in a row. I said "if you need one, but I told my friends I'd pick them up and I'd rather not." My mother then proceeded to swear, yell, all the while I sat there, not raising my voice, not acting defensive. For saying I'd rather not drive my sister to school, she took my brand new phone, unplugged and took my desktop computer/receiver(trashing my room in the process), went through my stuff(during which I'm assuming she found a couple of condoms, which I'm sure will be a whole new issue when she gets home), and ripped a bunch of stuff out of the car she legally owns but I drive/use almost exclusively. (CB radio which was tucked and out of the way, air freshener, school parking pass, little astronaut dangle I got in NYC, FM transmitter I had wired and tucked under the dash, phone charger, and took all of my stuff that was in the car out and is currently sitting in plastic bags on top of the fridge.)

    I'm not sure what to do, the smallest things send her over the deep end. I'm afraid to take a stand, tell her I don't believe in her relegion(she pushes hard, painted bible verses on the wall, one of the main organizers at church, meetings, youth group, bible study); as I 1) need my parents money if I want to go to a good university(straight A student) or 2) want any "privledges."

    Mom is horrible, dad is fair when he's around/not ball and chain from mother

    I'm so lost, angry, betrayed, and most of all, scared.