alone, need some helpi see things that aren't there. i miss my dead dad, dead at 57 out of nowhere. i miss my dead cat and blame myself for not seeing he was sick early enough to save him. i was abused for years. sometimes i think the universe is telling me things. sometimes good. sometimes bad. i thought the radio told me to cut myself last thursday, and i did. i've been cutting 16 years, and i have no idea how to stop. i abuse medication, but it almost doesn't matter, because my psych has put me on so many i don't know how i really feel about the world.

my psychiatrist is the only one in the area seeing new patients, and he will not talk to me about the abuse. he thinks all of my misery is my dad dying, and half of each session is how dad overcome his illness, so i can too. whee.

my husband lost his job and got another at the same time i did. our whole lives changed.

my second to last semester of grad school starts next week. i drive three hours total for work. i have about three hours to do anything after work. i feel overwhelmed and unable to focus. so i started taking adderall.

my hands and feet always hurt. literally. my backs out of alignment or something weird. iono. but they burn from the inside out. i take 1800 mg of gabapentin and 100 mg of tramadol a day just to manage it. it's still there, just much less. without it, i could not work or go to school. it used to be so bad i couldn't even hold a book open. i also get migraines. a lot of them. weekly. i have no diagnosis. we're "treating the symptoms," but that means no cure. not now.

there's clonazepam, effexor, risperidone. im still depressed, anxious, and hallucinating, though. all fairly high doses. they dont work.

i have nightmares where my mom kills herself repeatedly, right after telling me its my fault. i have nightmares my dad sells me into sex slavery and laughs at the rape. i have nightmares like that every night, multiples. i wake up already miserable because its so crystal clear.

i don't want to spend the rest of my life in pain and grief. i hurt so much. and i don't know how to deal. i stopped eating, but i havent stopped the treadmill. clears my head for just a little bit.

i don't want to die, but i don't want to live either. i need help.

i am currently completely alone right now. my psych can't see me, and i don't trust him either.