I don't know what to doI've never really asked for help online. I usually go to my close friends for advice. Anyways, my names Andrew and I'm starting to get negative thoughts again. With everything that's gone into my life and all the obstacles I can't see myself overcoming, i feel like giving up. There's been 3 suicides the past week at my city and it's literally eating at me. The fact that someone 18 years into their life is just gone. Poof, like a forgotten memory. Memorials have been organized by friends and family and my school today mentioned a passing of a student who committed suicide yesterday because of another person doing it. It feels as if this can be a chain reaction and I feel like it's about time that I hop on board. 

I've been depressing for a while. Every since I was a kid I always dreamt of becoming older like I am now. "Oh man, when i become 18 my grandparents won't hit me anymore." Well that time has come and I still get yelled at. I still get told I'm a failure. My friends have to give me rides to their houses when I want to see them because my mom believes she's sick which is utter bullshit. I know she has some illnesses because I have some too, but she uses them as an excuse. You know when you have to do chores or really anything that you dont want to, and how you start to feel tired or weak? It's like that for her but instead its with every little thing she does. She's gone to professionals and almost all of them have referred her to a counselor of some sort. She was absent during my childhood which led to my grandparents who are absolute scum, to take care of me. They beat my mom and her sisters and the tradition was passed down to me. I wasn't beat as in like punched or anything. I was mostly slapped but they would ground me and make me stay in my room for long periods of time. No getting water, no bathroom, nothing. I would have to pee in empty water bottles. Not only did that happen, but i had a bed wetting problem up to around 4th grade. The doctors said I had an underdeveloped bladder and that it'll take me a bit to be able to hold it in as I sleep. My grandparents didn't understand that. They still believed it was my fault and they would scream at me and put me down to the point where i would pack up my things and walk out of the door. Keep in mind I was around 8 or 9 so after a couple steps I would run back into the house, afraid of being alone.

Shortly after that I moved and it was actually pretty nice. I made friends easily and formed some truly great freindships. After a while I moved again... and again...and again... and now i'm moving again. Right before i go off to college too. Luckily because of my mom not having a job because "she's too sick" i'm allowed to get bussed by my school since my mom pays no rent which technically considers me to be homeless. When highschool hit I immediately performed poor and now as a senior i have a 2.2 gpa. It's awful and I'm ashamed, but i lack the drive to give it my all. It's not even from the stupid things going on around me, i'm also extremely lazy. From a sociological standpoint it's because my grandparents and mom are all unemployed so i think it rubbed off on me and became second nature. They only leave the house for groceries really. 

My mom's had shitty boyfriends that have lived with us and ruined my life. Hogging my videogames (which are my passion and escape) to threatening me, beating my mom, cheating on her, and various other things. My mom has an awful choice in men and now she's dating yet again so thats of course going to end badly.
Uhm, my father left when I was 4 which led to me being an emotional wreck that had a shell that breaks like glass. Little comments towards me drastically affect how i feel. I dont normally retaliate because i hate being mean to people, but it leaves me upset when i'm on my lonesome and ruins the bonds i've gained with my pals. Me being black leads to stupid jokes always being said. I live in an overwhelmingly white community so i often hear racist jokes. I know they have no ill intent but it still crushes my insides and makes me feel like a sack of shit. I tell them constantly (after letting it happen for several years) to stop. Or just not giving them a response. Yet they still do it and i absolutely hate it. One day i'm going to snap and i dont want it to get to that point.

Apart from that i have an alright set of friends. Theyre who i always hangout with even though i have a good amount of people to talk to, basically none containing women. I mean yeah that's okay, but none of my friends are sensitive or know what i'm going through. I've talked to the "popular" girls and such asking for help a couple weeks after we've talked and theyll give okay advice and then basically stop talking to me. They'll say like hi in the halls MAYBE, unless they're with friends. It sucks. I don't think i'm unattracive or anything and i dont have a bad image so i dont know if its because i'm at the middle in terms of popularity and since i'm not a jock they dont want to associative with me.

So yeah, i just want some help. People to help pick me up. I need something refreshing apart from the things that my friends have been recylcing for years. The funny thing is i've given them and plenty others advice in life. Whether that be relationship or personal. Yet i cant follow the things i direct them to. I've been in such a good place for the past to years but with the stress of not getting into a college even though i've been accepted, the fear of not finding someone, the fear of having to move again and not see my friends anymore because of distance when school ends, and everything else, i feel like my shell has cracked and everything is flowing back in. I don't care if you PM me or comment on here or what, but i just need you guys right now


