Life - side by sideThis is my first post on Reddit. Yesterday was a rough day. I'd introduce myself but would rather remain anonymous like many do. Call me B. Yesterday I tried to take my life. One side of my life is fine, and I work extremely hard to keep it balanced. The other side is dark and takes over any great progress. It's like when you take something so beautiful and then turn it in to crap. That's how I've been feeling. I'm 30, I'm gay (that doesn’t bother me, it has nothing to do with anything), I take care of my mom who has been diagnosed with brain cancer, my brother died 3 years ago from a choking incident (at the home he was in, cause was neglect). R's death hurt us badly, so why would I want to destroy my mother anymore? Yesterday I self-mutilated. I was in a mood, and while I rarely have ever done this, I took some EKG calipers and dug them down my wrist. After that, I decided to go sit in the hot car for almost 2 hours. I would have died if my step-father hadn't come out and got the door open. Next thing I know, step-dad, EMS were pulling me out of the car. I declined medical treatment. Whether they saw my arms, I don't know. They asked if I did it on purpose and of course, my first instinct is to lie. Why tell them? Honestly, I have been on both sides of this. I have worked for mental health as well as in an ER, have also voluntarily checked myself in years ago. They sat me up, shoved glucose gel in my mouth (BS was 55) and then got me in the house and cooled me down.  I'm on the ketogenic diet and have been for a couple years. I was close to 300 lbs., I am now 189 now. Awesome, right? My BS was expected to be a litter lower anyway, but again I understood that it was lower than normal, so I allowed that sugary shit in my mouth. All I could think of was 1. I don't want to pay a deductible, 2. Going to the hospital would have possibly came with a psych consult. I am almost done re certifying in another course right now, start back the last quarter on Monday, so clearly, I can’t miss that, alive, anyway. I live with step-dad and mom. I never asked to be here for 2 years. I am paid to care for her and I do. I never wanted to be paid for it. There's a sense of guilt. But, having had no income at the time I decided to get a contract with the state to provide care. It's not much, but it's enough to keep me alive. There's a side of me that's bright, funny, compassionate, and there's a part of me that is irrational, full of rage and I scare myself. To those have read this far, thank you. You didn't have to, but you chose to because you seem to believe in me, the way I want to believe in me. No, there isn't much of a support system around me. I have a few close friends, but they live nowhere near me. I feel isolated most of the time. I have goals and dreams, but I am running on empty at this point. I don't know why I typed this out. Maybe because writing our feelings does help? I fear myself right now. Nobody seems to understand, and I am feeling very quiet today. I have Xanax prn, and I should probably take some maybe TID for the next week. To be completely honest, I do not drink or do drugs, however I have recently quit smoking Marijuana. It’s a challenge because I live in a state where you can buy it at a store and plus mom and step-dad smoke. So, yeah. I feel like I need a break from everything, more than anything. I think I do want to stick around, but also… I don’t give a shit anymore. I took my FB down because I hate that site and it is certainly not MY happy place. If people don’t like it? Tuff. Anyway,  I think it’s compassion fatigue. I feel miserable and really did want to die yesterday. Again, thanks for reading. I’m sorry if this triggered anyone. -B