How far do I have to fall?I have two questions, how far do I have to fall in life in order to be justified in giving up? And how far do I have to physically fall in order to truly end it?  
  
I have been reading this [Page on the mechanical analysis of survival in falls from heights of fifty to one hundred and fifty feet](http://injuryprevention.bmj.com/content/6/1/62.3.long) and feel odd relief. I like the objective nature of it, merely describing the life ending or not ending effects of falling rather than directly talking about suicide. I don't need a pep talk, I need answers. Or at least somewhere nice and peaceful for my imagination to go before I am snapped back into reality.  
  
I live in a 6 story building, and most days - more and more as time passes - I wonder if I should just jump. I live on the 5th floor but of course I would try to go as high as possible before actually taking the dive, possibly climbing up to the roof.  
  
And I don't even care. The biggest things that keeps me from doing it is that I am relatively smart, so I know that there is a lot I do not know and my perspective can be so very wrong, and that I can conjure pretty vivid memories of thinking about suicide from when I was a kid and the pure disgust I had for it.  
  
Sobriety is cool and all, but what the fuck is with people? Sober people seem to be the most goddamned selfish. Everyone just seems like a justified shitty result of desperation in life: some people chose drugs, some people chose stepping on other peoples heads to get what they want.  
  
I feel pretty competent for the most part. I've had a new job for a month and a half and I just had to tell my boss that if he fires the lady who trained me (and who I am realizing I am replacing, she is super stressed and sad, and a great worker) that I won't work here because I refuse to work for a place with shady fucking practices like telling an employee that you are hiring to make her life easier when the plan all along was replacement. (woo run on)  
  
My family is like a bunch of high mass bodies caught in a chaotic orbit around each other, but the gravity wasn't strong enough from the start, and they were doomed to eventually lose their close proximity and all just float away, and we're right there at that point, barely hanging on. I'm the only person that seems to care, but I'm caring less and less everyday as I see I am the only one.  
  
There is some king of chant going on in my mind:  
Jumping jumping jumping jumping  
Falling falling falling falling  
Crashing crashing crashing crashing  
Sleeping sleeping sleeping sleeping  
Weeping weeping weeping weeping  
Stalling stalling stalling stalling  
Hauling hauling hauling hauling  
Lolling lolling lolling lolling  
  
Dumbest thing ever, and I can't get rid of it  