Losing the will to liveHi guys. I've been having an extremely tough time recently. For a while I've not been doing too well both mentally and physically. I've always struggled with some depression, anxiety the most however after a recent break up with a girl I spent over to and a half years with, things have really took a turn for the worst. Basically I've been blamed for everything that happened in the relationship, and I'll admit of course I've done wrongs, I'm only human. However it's just she threw me so far under the bus and I didn't mention a single thing she's ever done wrong so that she would be protected even now. Since she's been gone, I've found no motivation to do anything. I can't eat, and I'm currently way under weight yet I can't help but not feel hungry. My anxiety has kicked up a notch, I find my mind racing about various things, mostly to do with my ex, if she's with another guy either intimately or just being with one etc. Well me and my ex were talking, she had been out drinking etc. Previously she said she wanted to know my true feelings so I contacted her tonight (When she was out with her friends etc) and I said my piece however all she did was reply with some GIF (the type you can use on Facebook) which made no sense. I then asked if she was okay, she said yes, and then she never replied back to me even though she seen my later messages. I'm so incredibly hurt. I only wanted to be nice, say my piece and try and sort things yet she was completely insensitive towards me and the worst part is, she knew I was feeling suicidal and this is only fuel to that fire. I find no reason to even keep trying to go on anymore. I have no friends, I never leave the house and the only enjoyment I get is out of video games which is slowly leaving me as well. I just want to give up, yet I don't want to hurt my family. I just wish I could end this pain and I'm seriously due doing it. Self harm has been something plaguing my mind as well. Being shut down by the one person who you really love and care about, and them knowing you felt suicidal yet still acted so insensitive just really pushed me over the edge. I feel trapped, lonely, and it feels like a nail in the coffin. Life in every aspect has been totally shitty, and I just want a way out and peace in my life.

Sorry for rambling so much, I've not had anyone to get this off my chest too and thanks to whoever takes the time to read this. 