I thought it couldn't be worse, then it got worseSo my last post was about friends not being nice and stuff and if you want to read it, you can check my profile and stuff and click it.

I am feeling bad every single day. Every day is the same. I wake up feeling neutral, I think I'm having a good day at school and when I get home it goes downhill. Every single day I think it is going to be better and I hope and I try but it doesn't change. Tomorrow my test week starts and I can not concentrate. My parents know little about how I feel because I don't think they will take it seriously. I don't know if I have depression because I haven't been diagnosed, but what I do know is that I feel dad every day.

Here comes the part where why I chose this title

I was friends with someone, good friends. I was in love with her and I knew I had no chance. After I told her and telling her that was my last effort. Things went downhill. I thought we were good friends, but after I told her I realised I did everything in our friendship. We got into a fight and a couple of days later we talked and it was fine again. She was also in our little friend group and we had a small argument about something stupid. A day after that she didn't want to rant/trash random people anymore in the group, which was basically our humor and still is. I came up with the idea to stop ranting people and become a wholesome group. My entire life I have been changing myself to make others like me or not be annoyed by me. I am absolutely sick of it. And I told the group and they understood as they know my past. Then the girl I used to fancy (by that time not anymore) left the group because she thought our humor went too far. Since my friends know that I am almost always sad and know my situation (including her), I talked about my emotions and mood every day. So I thought I'd ask her if she would still want to know since she had left the group. She read it and completely ignored it. She has been online and talked in our class group multiple times so it's not like she doesn't have time. It feels so much like I wasted my time, effort and love for nothing. I feel like she pretended to care while she didn't. I feel like she took advantage of me, because I try to be a supportive friend. It hurts so much and I don't know what to do. There are others reasons I am almost always sad, but this is a big thing for me. 
Idk if I am being a wimp or whatever, but I just wanted to share. I am just kind of lost I guess.