What's the point of life alone?
I get the feeling that personal relationships, and close human connection are what make life 'worth' it, but I feel like I am incapable of those things. 

I've never been close to anyone in my family, or had any close friends, and very few relationships, none of which resulted in any strong feelings. _x000B_
I have friends - people who at least pretend real hard to like me. I met all of them through a student organization at college. But there is no one that I've ever hung out with outside of gatherings or events planned within a meeting of this organization. 

I don't have any real passion - my only hobby is reading. I'm not really into music and I don't want much TV. I've never been to a concert, never had a loved one die, I've never had sex, I've never been on a real vacation, all these things and more that most people bond together over. I would kill at never-have-I-ever, if the thought of playing it didn't terrify me. 

When I look into how to develop close friendships the advice is always to invite them to do something. But what? The thought of hanging out one-on-one scares me because I think they'll realize how boring I am. 

In group meetings, I do pretty well. I speak up, I make jokes. I am very good at making the room laugh. But I feel like that’s all just a paper thin mask, but underneath there is nothing. Everyone wears masks in different situations, but I feel like there is nothing underneath mine. To be able to share things and empathize with each other - that’s what makes close friends/romantic partners. And I feel like I have nothing to share. 

I've never shared these things with anyone because I'm ashamed of them. If love is the purpose of life - whether romantic or parental or friendship or just passion for something- and if I am incapable, then what is the point of me? If I'm not capable of being happy, what is the point of continuing on? 

Sorry about the wall of text. I'm just confused about why I should still be breathing. 
