Hopeless and skill-less and friendlessI'm 22. Just graduated from a state school with a political science degree. I have no passion for it, and no idea of what I want to do. For the past couple years I've had 10-12 beers by myself probably hundreds of times. Alcohol is the only way I feel better. This has caused memory problems and lack of motivation, not to mention the health issues that are sure to arise. But, it's all my friends want to do when we do hang out. I don't even get that much enjoyment out of drinking with friends anymore. For most of college I just stayed in my dorm and fapped or wasted time on reddit. I've never kissed a girl, or done anything more. I am not interested in doing anything anymore, and I work at a deli and I hate it. I'm closing all week. I don't have anything to talk about with anyone. Music doesn't even interest me anymore, I spent today(like most of the past few weeks since I moved back to my moms house) fapping and rereading Harry Potter and lying down. My sister just started college and she is having the time of her life. I just wish I could start over at high school and try to make friends and talk to girls. Oh and I'm balding heavily and I never did any internships in college. I haven't hung out with anyone in about 2 weeks. My only friends are from high school and I haven't been able to muster the energy to do anything with them, or I have nothing to talk about with them. I've been having suicidal thoughts and am scared to tell my therapist or doctor.I get into a hobby like writing or drawing or rapping then I get bored of it. I've always been the quiet kid and never spoke up in class. My parents went to a great school and are hard workers-doctor and lawyer. I just feel like a huge letdown to them. I can't even bring myself to clean up the house for my hardworking mother.  My mom and I live together and hardly talk. My dad and I drove down to DC last week and we had nothing to talk about. I used to be really into sports especially football and basketball, but I hardly care I'm missing the game tonight because I'm closing again at work. Oh I also majored in Spanish, but my skills have eroded from lack of use and I don't know how to improve them. One thing I got kind of good at is free styling over instrumentals, but then I got bored of that. I do have my CDL class B but it lapsed and I don't care enough to look into it.