Hoping for advice, or maybe advice on where to look for adviceEveryone in the world sees me for what I am which is dogfood, blood in the water,  easy pickings. Everything I do is a mistake easily and rapaciously capitalized upon by anyone needing or just wanting the satisfaction of a personal victory; I'm a walking textbook example of how not to play in this rat race we're all being coerced into by the emptiest and most sadistic among us. There is no pleasant future for me, only defeat, suppression, and victimization. I will always be crushed if I try to express myself because someone will know how and the cassus belli is there and it is permanent and everyone knows it's due for me; I'm a leper now and nobody will save me but to eat me alive for themselves. 

I want out. I want freedom. I value peace and harmony with the world above all else. But I also value integrity, though i refuse to hurt myself or others in response to social pressures or insecurities. I'm not going to be a victim in this world. I know nobody benefits from my death just as they don't benefit from my life; what causes people to hunger to see me kill myself will remain unsatisfied with or without me in the world. But after typing that I know it's not true; everyone I know would love to see me kill myself. It would really distract them from their own lives I bet, give them a nice poster boy for how not to live, what can happen if you don't be just like them, if you don't make the same life decisions and mistakes as them, what happens when you're too stupid or blind to see what they always knew or were lucky enough to be told by their mommies and daddies when they were babies and didn't want to do their homework or go to cheer practice or participate in church activities. Poor him, so glad those weren't my circumstances. My day just got so much better. I can't wait to tell everyone how nice I was to him and how unexpected of a tragedy this is for capital ME. Fuck him, he was trash taken out at his own expense.

I wish I could take the L, delete Facebook, move to a different city, change my number, never talk to any of these people again. Find a job with a decent a wage. I have an engineering degree with a good GPA. Maybe I could find something. It's a nice fairy tale. I'll probably just keep eating shit.