Here for the cupcakes.Ok, I lied. I am just another person who is suicidal.

Because of the flow of events in my life, I have never connected much at all with any of my peers. My family is, and was, very very much fundamentalist christian. I took passionately to the faith; this conflicted with a growing realization that I was only attracted to other guys. My family moved on average every year until recently. A "friend" in my mind has come to mean somebody I feel safe talking to at all. In grade school I got very good grades and was in the gifted program. I have pretty awesome SAT scores and am a black-belt (in tang soo do). I hate myself. Being my mother's emotional support and punching bag since my father left when I was a freshman in high-school has made me deeply fearful of connecting with anyone to even the slightest degree. I have told, since I was 10, the people around me that I was deeply sad. After my father left my mother finally took me seriously enough to let me see somebody about it. Depression meds made it difficult for me to think or feel anything at all. I started cutting soon after starting on the meds. I took myself off of them and stopped cutting after about a month after the meds started to have an effect. I haven't ever told anybody about the cutting. Who wouldn't feel ashamed of not being able to deal with what so many other people clearly are dealing with just fine? I talked to several councilors but it always ended in them thinking I was just fine because I couldn't tell them anything that really mattered without also telling them that I had a strong urge, though not desire, to end my life. I have fallen completely behind in college, and I will most certainly fail my entire second semester, after getting full A's in the first semester. In a very painfully deep way, I don't know how to handle knowing that I will wake up tomorrow. On the drive to and from school I have found myself making very very stupid mistakes and also found it very difficult to resist driving off a bridge which is close to my house every time I pass it. (the speed limit there is unreasonably high for the back road it is) I just want to make sure there isn't something super obvious that I am missing that everybody else is somehow just understanding.

I would be very appreciative if the things below did not show up in the comments:

1) anything with the word "wait" or "it gets better" in it  
2) anything about being there for somebody  
(In the metaphorical sense, it is a kind gesture but not honestly helpful; if I had somebody there for me irl I wouldn't be posting this right now.)

EDIT: This was all typed in one go; if there are spelling or grammar mistakes, please tell me so I can fix them.