My ex [M22] recently committed suicide and I [F26] am now falling for one of his friends [M24].## 

Backstory - I was with my ex-boyfriend for 2-3 years and thought he was the love of my life. He took his life a few months ago. He always battled with depression and drug/alcohol addiction and had many other issues. We were very happy together and I encouraged him to be healthy and get help which he did for the time being. He ended things with me while his parents went through a messy divorce and wanted freedom to do whatever he wanted. I was completely devastated for a long time. I cut contact for one year - then six months ago we got back together for a month. I live in another state, so I was visiting him at home for this month, and when I returned back interstate, I stopped hearing from him all together. Last time we said goodbye he was crying in my arms promising we would be best friends throughout the later stages of life and promising me he wanted a future together - so I was once again pretty heartbroken.

Fast forward those six months, and his friends and parents are messaging me looking for him. 24 hours later I'm told he has committed suicide. From what I heard from his friends and parents he had been struggling and had turned to the hard drugs and was failing university, cheating on his recent girlfriend etc.

I saw my ex's good friend (let's call him Josh) at the funeral and had a hug and a chat. We all grew up in quite a small town, where my ex and I used to always run into Josh out walking and I always thought he was a genuine guy. We stayed in touch every day since over message or call, and caught up for a walk or a meal when I was home each time over the last 3-4 months since my ex died (all completely platonic).

He has just left my city after visiting for a week - and from the first night we were all over each other, just hugging and spooning at first, then inevitably further and further. I had to stop a lot because of thoughts of my ex, but that slowed down over the week and I've now found myself starting to fall in love with this man. I never thought anyone so great would give me a shot, but now we're not in the same city and also are unable to tell our family and friends. Not to mention the amount it's fucking with my head that I'm doing something that is so wrong but feels right.

We also both feel guilt, thats why I'm here for outsiders thoughts. If I were an outsider looking in, I would think this was totally wrong. I feel like a horrible person to have done this. But we discussed that after enough time, if things work out, maybe people will be okay with it?  
I'm considering seeing a therapist to discuss it as I am so conflicted, but have spent so much dosh on grief counseling.

TLDR; my ex bf committed suicide a few months ago. i've stayed close with one of his good friends since the funeral and over this last week we have gotten physical. i'm scared to continue and maybe fall in love due to the nature of our history and the controversy living in a small town.. i know i need to do what makes me happy, but idk how to approach the situation