I want to die but killing myself would be a just another burden to everyone around meI am getting more and more suicidal by the day but I know killing myself would burden the people I care about financially a lot. I left an abusive home and live with someone I care about who doesn't care much about me and her family, who have been really helpful in me leaving abuse. I dont have much independence, since I left with the clothes on my back and the money I had in my pocket, so I have to rely on them. They take me to both my jobs, they help me go to therapy for my PTSD, they're all supportive but I know I am a massive burden to everyone around me. I take up extra space in their home, I take up their time, I burn a hole in their pocket. 

I've relapsed into self-destructive tendencies out of the guilt I have for being here but I know if anyone finds out I'll just be more of a burden on their minds then I already am in every aspect. I've never felt so guilty for being alive and for feeling isolated when I have so much to be grateful for. I should be grateful I'm miles away from abuse, but I'm sad my loved ones like my friends arent around anymore. I like spending time with a nice new family, but I dont have any friends to talk to and I feel like everyone deals with me out of pity. I appreciate having my own space, but I left a sharing a room with my partner who wants little to do with me while I'm depressed and struggling. I'm not fun anymore, so she doesnt want to be around me. We broke off an engagement and she goes out all the time now, leaving me alone most days and nights. I understand why because I dont want to be around me either, but it hurts terribly to be suddenly all alone and to keep being pushed away while I struggle with being by myself. 

I'm not who I used to be. I should be grateful, content, and embracing life but instead I'm miserable and lonely. I feel like I'm an inconvenience everyone pities. I just want to die. But if I die, theres more burden. Theres more inconvenience. I force these people who already are troubled by welcoming me into their life with funeral expenses and everyone knows how expensive that is, I leave them the trauma of finding my body and hurting them emotionally, and if I fail an attempt, hospitalization and more therapy. Nothing is cheap. I'm a burden if I live. I'm a burden if I die. I would just make everyone worry more until they stop caring at all because I know I'm not worthwhile to worry about. 

 If I had any mode of transport I'd take myself far away and end it so I wouldn't be anyone's responsibility and they wouldn't have to find me and be hurt by me, but I don't have that. I hope I get mugged and stabbed on a shift or someone hits with a car when I go for a jog so things wont be my fault and I wont die as guilty as I'm living. I never wanted things to end so badly, even when I was facing violence every day. I always dreamt about getting out of all of it. Now that I'm out and free and the dream's dead and gone and all that's left is the weight of burdening others, I want to give up. I want it to be over. I dont want to be everyone's problem anymore. All I am is a problem and I just want to stop being so useless and burdensome.