something's wrongokay SW.. ive been telling myself im okay and dont need to post here. ive been lying to myself. 


i'm not okay

i'm not okay. i haven't been. i will not be. 

i just woke up sobbing. i was crying in a dream. i woke up in tears. my chest is tight, it hurts. a lot. it hardly ever stops feeling this way. sometimes its hard to breathe. constant lump in my throat. sometimes i have to try not to cry at an inappropriate time. head hurts. its a dull pain. it hurts because i'm sad. i can't sleep well. i only dream about bad things. i take my medicine. i thought i was doing the right thing. someone will tell me i'm not. that i'm only feeling sorry for myself and should get over it. i talked to a therapist. what else is there? what else can i do to get better? what am i supposed to do? i tried to get help in all kinds of ways. even the suicide help chat doesn't care. they ignored me. there's no one else here for me. i don't have a friend to confide in. no one there to listen. even people here at SW.. a couple kind words but then they forget about me too. i dont expect much. im thankful for the people here that try to help out(you're good people, thank you). but it doesn't help me much. but i need to say all of this. 

 i feel like i'm losing my mind. i'm sure i have. everyone replaces me. i'm not worth anything. people only want my body and not me. maybe my money. i'm not good enough. I'M not. I'M not memorable. I'M not worth keeping around. they use me and leave me. they find someone else to make them happy while they use me. when theyve found someone else, they leave me. they're happy with someone else. it's like that every time. why doesn't anyone care about me? I just wanted to be friends. maybe more. I hate it when you leave. Stop leaving me. it hurts too much. i'm not going to try looking for a replacement like you do. like you did. it will hurt when they leave too. it would hurt when i'm unable to find one. it would hurt when i have to start over again. so, i'm not going to. someone older than me will tell me, you're young, you have your whole life to look forward to. You'll find the right person. someone like that doesn't understand. no, i'm not going to. i'm flawed. i'm sick. who wants to put up with a sick person? the only way people like me is when they first get to know me, and don't realize my sickness. that's the only time someone will say that I'm an interesting, extremely kind, smart, caring, beautiful, funny person. and then my sickness. then all of it becomes "you have too many problems. go away" 
i can't get better. it's nothing i can cure. it's always going to be the same. i'm sorry. i'm sorry i showed you my bad side. i thought we were friends and it would be okay. i needed help, that's why. i can't always keep it to myself. i thought friends were there for each other. i'm sorry i ever said one negative thing. i'm sorry i did stupid things to myself. i regret it. I FUCKING REGRET IT. i should've been the kindhearted and happy person all the time. maybe you would still care. all of you. i'm still that person too. but i'm sick. i'm annoying. i get on your nerves. i couldn't say the right things. look at me right now. who would want to be friends with this? no one. who could love this person? no one. 

 sometimes my sadness becomes anger. i break things. i have terrible, violent thoughts. those concern me. i can't tell anyone much about that. i'd get in trouble. but it's getting worse and i don't know what to do about it. my psychologist said i was a threat. my appointment should've been weeks later but i got it day later so they could put me on medicine immediately. i don't think the medicine is working yet. sometimes it feels nice, because i don't feel anything at all. but it doesn't last long enough,. do you know, sometimes when antidepressants end up giving you suicidal thoughts? i hope this medicine gives me those thoughts. i think it is. i'm going to continue taking it in hopes that it gives me suicidal thoughts so bad that i can follow through with killing myself.


i can't stop crying.. 
