I feel extremely shallow and ungratefulIt's always been very difficult for me to express negative emotions. My mother is a good person at heart and I believe she truly does love and care for me. But it's always been clear to me that she has mental problems which are unacknowledged by most people outside our family because we are all very good at pretending we have our shit together when we don't lol.

She was especially angry and domineering in my early childhood. She was (and still is) very short-tempered, and I learned from an early age what I could and couldn't say or do around her if I didn't want her to explode. She would get especially nerve-wracking when I myself was in a bad mood, so I learned very quickly to avoid showing her when I was sad or angry or dissatisfied with anything in any way. I think when she saw me sad she felt I was being ungrateful, when she saw me angry she took it as a challenge, and when she saw me hurt she felt frustrated with herself for not knowing what to do. Whatever it was, it all resulted in the same reaction: her blowing up at me and just yelling and yelling endlessly about the dumbest fucking shit. So to protect myself I tried as hard as I could to just always be "ok" with everything. 

I also had trouble processing compliments/praise from an early age because the context of that praise was almost always in comparison with my sister. I'm lucky and happen to have the limited, arbitrary set of skills you need to get good grades in the limited, arbitrary fuck-up of an education system we call school, so I've been at the top of my class every year. My sister has consistently scored above the class average too, but she felt it was never good enough for mom because mom always told her she "could do better" and it was pretty clearly a wish for her grades to be more like mine. Several close friends of mine have expressed to me over the years - both intentionally and unintentionally - that they also envied me very deeply for various reasons and wished their lives were more like mine.

I try to downplay everything because I don't want people to resent or envy me to the point where they don't want to be my friends anymore, and I try to hide my negative feelings from everyone the same way I do with my mother because I don't want people to think I'm ungrateful or get angry at me or feel like they have to take care of me because I'll just feel like a burden.

I'm so, so, so scared of conflict or disagreement of any kind. Terrified to death of it. Even when I'm dealing with a person who's very nice and who I'd trust with my life, I can't separate the act of expressing sadness/anger/hurt from a feeling of deep, deep, fear. Fear that I'm angering or inconveniencing whoever I'm talking to, fear that people only enjoy my company when I'm happy. I genuinely feel like all my friends would leave me if they knew the full extent of my feelings.

Needless to say, that didn't really do much for my mental health lol. I can never really escape the feeling that I'm a bad person deep down. I lie to people on a constant basis and form connections based on a personality that isn't even real. I feel like I'm just using everyone and wasting their time. And when I'm not lying to them, I'm snapping at them horrifically with pent-up frustrations I hadn't brought to their attention earlier because I can never bring myself to be honest about that kind of thing in the moment. That or I vent my frustrations about them with other people behind their back, which is even worse. It's not even their fault. How could they possibly know that something they've been doing has been bothering me when I never even told them about it.

Any time I try to break out of that cycle and confront them head-on, I feel terrible afterwards. I feel like any time I tell someone they're bothering me or hurting me I'm just trying to control them or guilt-trip them or some shit like that. Believe me, I have a profound capacity for manipulation. I've never really had to think hard on what to say to make people think or feel what I want them to think or feel. It's always been very easy for me. Almost everything is easy for me. Getting people to like me is easy and getting good grades is easy and I never really need to study or put in any effort or try hard for anything. I was on my school principal's list ever since our school principal's list was a thing, I graduated high school a few months ago as valedictorian, and I've had multiple people in my life who told me I understood them better than anyone else and that I helped them more than anyone else could. That makes me feel even more ridiculous for feeling the way I do.

Three years ago when I was 15 I hurt a couple of people pretty badly. I don't want to explain it fully because even now I can't express everything for fear of damaging my image, even on an anonymous fucking account lol. But basically it was rooted in my cowardly fear of conflict and unwillingness to be honest about my feelings as usual. Lying, deceiving, two-faced bastard, etc. Nearly every online friend group I've joined since then I haven't been able to maintain for more than a few months, because when I stay too long I start fearing it'll just be a matter of time before I ruin everything again and hurt everyone. 

I have some friends irl but I don't feel close enough with most of them to share this kind of information, and as for the ones I do feel close with, they tend to have severe problems of their own and I can't bring myself to add onto it more than I already have. There was one online group I got particularly close to over a full year, but I left them a few days ago because I realized I'd already spent 2 birthdays with them despite the fact that I promised myself I'd eventually leave them from the beginning. My head told me to stop postponing it and just fucking leave already instead of tricking them longer than I already have.

I loved them and they were very kind and good to me but I just couldn't do it anymore. I hate myself and have hated myself for so long and on such a ridiculous level I don't even know what to do. When I left the group a few days ago I had a breakdown of sorts and returned to the group with the two people I'd hurt when I was 15, because despite everything I still feel more understood by them than I do by most other people. They told me I'm not a bad person and they don't want me to kill myself and since then I've calmed down a little. 

Currently I am in a numb slump and am just feeling very tired. But there are always periods when I go back to that suicidal state and my self-loathing just skyrockets like fucking crazy. I'm too scared to get professional help because it's severely stigmatized in the country I live in, and my mom would dismiss it for fear of how other people would see the "perfect family" she's worked so hard to build, as well as protecting herself by denying a truth I'm pretty sure she's intelligent and perceptive enough to have been worried about - and ashamed of - deep down.

I feel extremely unstable, and any happiness I derive from talking to anyone feels so fragile. I feel like a crazy person and I feel like everything is temporary. I feel like everything I've established for myself is fake and could collapse at any moment. I feel like all I'll ever be able to really do is use and abandon people like a bee flies from flower to flower for nectar, and that I'll never be satisfied because I'm greedy and insatiable and constantly unhappy. I'm so much more trouble than I'm fucking worth. It's insane lol.