I'm going to kill myself if my gf leaves meHey everyone, 

I'm so hopeless. I know what you are all going to say, it's not worth killing myself over a girl. But it's not just that, my sister passed away last year, I broke up with another serious girlfriend, and that never got better. I recently met a girl, who was visiting England from New Zealand, she is the nicest girl I've ever met. Our first date was the best day of my life. No anxiety, just fun and laughing all day. 

A little backstory on myself, I have severe anxiety and it interferes with my functioning every single day, I get severe symptoms like chest pain and brain fog. It terrifies me. I have felt suicidal before many times. I've told my family and they are so unsupportive, the only reason I'm alive now is because of this girl. 

Now this girl has moved back, we FaceTime and Skype twice a day, we're both crazy about each other, but she also has severe anxiety, she says she can't bring herself to get into a long distance relationship, because it'll drive her crazy, yet she still says things like she misses me and that she is crazy about me. And it lures me into thinking so highly of her. She's moving to university in a couple of days in NZ. And it is making me feel suicidal again. Because I can't shake the feeling she will lose interest in me and find another man. She also might not have Internet access where she is moving. And that means we wouldn't be able to talk as much as we do, and the fact we talk so much is the only thing getting me through the day. 

So basically. If she does find someone else, or lose interest. I have absolutely no doubt that I will kill myself. It's been 17 years of pure hell. In and out of hospital, not knowing if my sisters were alive when I was at school all day. (One had cancer 2 others have SMA)

I can't take it anymore. I cry all day until I FaceTime this girl and it makes me happy. As soon as we hang up, I just plummet straight back into that depressive feeling. 

I wrote this in the hopes it would make me feel better. If you look at my post history you can probably see I'm such an attention seeker and I'm basically so annoying. 

Thank you for any replies, hopefully you can snap me back into reality. 