I’m stuck.I volunteer for numerous suicide hotlines and talking to them just doesn’t feel helpful for me. 

Most of my friends are either deeply engrossed in their own mental health battles or are professionally subordinate to me (e.g., I’m their supervisor). 

My family is a big source of my stress.

I just feel stuck. The only thing helping is this bottle of vodka and music. 

Sorry if this post is stupid. I can’t really...I think Ive lost the ability to open up. I don’t know how to. There’s too much but there’s nothing. 

I just...I wish some ninja would come in and assassinate me and that somehow people actually turned out to secretly dislike me so they won’t actually care that I’m gone. 

Or like I die in my sleep so I don’t have to think about it. 

I’m just...I keep on trying to tell myself if I do good things maybe it’ll all work out. But I don’t think Im good enough for it to work out. 

I have a list of ways I could kill my self. Luckily my education is helpful with that. 

Idk if I will kill myself. this might sound stupid but I can see my mind trying to use cutting or binging as a way to stay alive temporarily 

Idk anymore. I just wanna cry but I can barely get any tears out. I just wish I could disappear. I wish I never existed so that if I were to disappear no one would notice. 

Gosh this post makes no sense. I’m sorry if yours readying thing. I don’t feel like getting my laptop. I just wanna pass out and not feel anything anymore. It’s too cold to find someone on Grindr. I just need to not feel. I need to just not exist. That would be nice. 

Sorry for taking up a post here. Maybe I’ll delete this when I sober up. I just want to stop existing. I can’t get the other one thing I want. Why can’t I have this. I try to be a good person. If I can’t have that one thing then why can’t I just disappear without causing anyone pain. 

Gosh I sound so spoiled. I’m sorry. I just should try to go to sleep. Or eat some Oreos. Or something. Idk. I don’t want to be here anymore. I’m sorry for wasting your time if you read this. Hopefully a mod deletes this for breaking a rule or something. I’m sorry. 