hidont know where to start...
i have one brother and a sister i had a second brother who died in afghanistan
my brother and sister both live a life that is quite sad(have no friends/gf or bf and no career)
during my life at some point poverty hit us hard, me being the retarded one/last one had to suffer from this/ i was really fucking skinny cause there was literally nothing to eat
because of this  during my childhood i was bullied hard, i was mocked almost every day, got called a freak. faggot, pussy, the main problem now is relive those memories every day... even when i go to work, and someone makes a silly joke about me, i later go home and cry like a little bitch, i am just very broken inside.. i do realise i was not in control of anything during childhood,. i remember passing out many times from standing up too fast..problem was my mother was a bit insane or something, she saw us as some burden, told us quite often she wanted to die/wanted to get rid of us/terrorised us, by being extremely violent...(she locked me in the basement, cause i spilled something on my pants lol) the problem is everytime someone now says something bad to me, i literally rethink everything people have said to me, there is constantly someone in my mind who is telling me what a freak i am. at some point in my life when i got away from home, i tried to improve my life. i think i did for a short while lived a life where i could reasonably hope for a better future, but i never am accepted anywhere as a normal person, its like people can see i am broken, this has resulted in me being isolated. i am generally afraid of people...right now i am pretty depressed i am thinking about ending my life, cause i literally just think i am not worth this life...
so my life has pretty much been a nightmare, at the moment i am 25 years old i work as a cleaner, but i can not even use a hoover for a prolonged period of time cause these thought of being tormented will come back to my mind, and i get very angry, i have broken 3 hoovers at work, from smashing them against something..
what the fuck should i do ???