I hate everything about meI hate everything. I hate how my brain works, I hate the situation I am in in regards to medicine. I hate how I can't be normal, I hate everything. I'm too much of a bitch to take my new pills even though I bet they will help me. I typically punch myself to relieve stress, but all of the usual spots are too bruised, and it's starting to hurt too much. I'm too much of a POS to get a job, or clean, or do anything productive at all. I'm too afraid to leave this room, if I do I have to at least wash my hands and feet. For some reason I start screaming and grunting whenever a bad thought crosses into my mind or something upsetting happens. I'm also lonely now, because my cat recently died. I used to play video games to relieve stress and distract myself, but I can't, because I'm too dumb to make myself go into my room because I think there is mold or something in there, even though there probably isn't. I just want all of this to end. I wish there was someone who understands me. It seems like everyone is doing everything they can to irritate me. They always talk to me and ask questions and it may seem nice for you guys, but I HATE talking to people. It takes so much out of me. It's so difficult to have a conversation. I just want to be normal. I wish I could get a job and just move into a small little apartment somewhere and maybe get a dog. That's all I want. I want to be normal. I hate everything about myself. I've tried to get people to help me, I tried to go to the ER in hopes they would do something, but I lied to them last second and bitched out, just like me. I lie to everyone that wants to help. I'm probably addicted to my pills, but at the same time I don't know. I'm not sure. I think I just like them. They make me feel at least somewhat normal regardless of all of the side effects. It's better than how I was without them. I want to play games again. I want to distract myself. Doctors keep wanting to change my pills. I just want to stay. Why did I have to be born at all? I'm the third try my parents had, the 1st one is actually successful, the 2nd was a miscarriage. They should've taken the 2nd one as a sign. I'm a mistake, I'm fucked up in the brain, I can't do anything physically, I sincerely cannot do anything. I have nothing I am good at. I hate it. Everything is bad.