Talking made it worse for meThe common response to everyone asking “what can I do?” always seems to be “look for help, talk to other people about the way you feel.” Well, I tried. 
The only person I could possibly talk to is/was my best friend, since I don't have a good relationship with my family and never had a boyfriend/girlfriend. Most of this year I've just been staying alive because I didn't want to hurt her. So I had the feeling that she'd be the only person I could trust. I don't actually know what kind of reaction I hoped for, but probably something emotional, like “Please don't do it, I care about you.”, a hug, something that would feel good, even if it's just for that moment. But the only thing she told me that she can't help and that I should talk to a therapist and my family. “I've been there as well, and that's what helped me.” Advice is good, but not what I needed at that moment.  I don't feel loved. If you still care, then please show me. But it just got worse. “You need to love yourself first, before you expect others to love you. You have to be able to stand on your own feet. You depend too much on me. What would you do if I had an accident and died tomorrow? If one of my close friends died, I'd move on after a while. Maybe our friendship is poisonous for you. Some distance would be good for us. Maybe it would be best for you if we weren't friends at all, but you don't seem to think that that's a good idea. I know how it is to like someone more than they like you back, but I can't cope with people being too clingy and needy, it makes me uncomfortable. I don't have a best friend at the moment, and I actually don't want one. Maybe we can go back to the friendship we used to have, but therefore you'll have to get better first. I think it's better for both of us if we stopped talking for a couple of months.” 
What am I supposed to make out of that? No need to tell me that I'm being annoying, whiny and pathetic. My mind keeps telling me without her help. And did she just say that it wouldn't have such a big impact on your life if I died? Great. Number 1 reason to stay alive just lost all it's value. 
Being needy was me hinting  that I wanted some love and she pulled back because she felt cornered. It took me so long to find the courage to actually tell someone everything I told her (and I didn't hold back much), but now I feel even worse, because the illusion of her really caring is gone. So I'm lonelier than before. 
Should I forget her or wait for her and try to work it out?
