Things are finally looking better, so why am I still feeling this way?Wall o' text incoming. TL;DR - There are probably better people you could be helping right now. 

First "I need help" post here. For a long time I tried to help people under former accounts. 

For the last couple years I've been on really hard times. No job, few friends, no prospects, previously homeless but starting to try and get my shit together. Well, shit has been gotten together finally!

Tonight was my first employee meeting at my new job. I start training in a day or two. It's a nice job. I'll work nights, and I work with a few friends. I'm reestablishing myself as a person again. I've been clean and sober for well over a year now. I'll finally have no money pressure really. Plus, I get to work alone most nights, so I won't have as much social anxiety about other people. 

Sounds good, right? But I'm still sitting here pricing handguns to blow my first paycheck on. Just as things are getting better, I thought I might start to feel better, but I'm not. It isn't better. It isn't worse. It's the same darkness I've been lost in for years now. 

All I can think of is finally buying a nice little revolver and ending it. I know all the reasons I shouldn't, but my brain knows them, not my heart. 

I used to tell people on here that the sadness they felt was the sign of something good. It meant they cared, it meant they wanted to fix the world, it meant they had a purpose. But I served in the military (I'm not saying which nation or branch here for obvious reasons) and I did awful things. I took lives. And I never, not once, not for a second felt bad about it. 

All the good I saw in the others on here astounded me. It made me feel humbled and awed by the human spirit. But me? I'm a killer, and what's worse, I'm a killer who never felt a damn thing. Some kills were justified, some were mistakes. But I never felt guilt, and I still don't. I never lost sleep over those I killed; I lost sleep over the fact that I'm dead enough inside so that I never lost sleep over them, if that makes sense. I'm not the guy who can fix the world. I'm the guy who can burn it a piece at a time when it serves my need. 

Five years ago I pawned all of my firearms so I wouldn't get to this place again. This week I start work. I'll have a paycheck Saturday. Not much, but enough. 

So, dear angels of SW, I'm not asking for you to solve my problems. I don't expect you to change my life. All I'm asking... all I'm BEGGING for... is for someone to convince me to wait even until my second paycheck. That's all. 

Hate to put a clock on the issue, but let's be honest, in a bit I'll chicken out and delete this. Until then, any ideas?