It's all a JokeI fucking hate complaining. I have never felt worthy of being able to complain. Like my problems don't stack up to some people out there facing genocide and war. But at some point, you hit a breaking point.

I plan to end my life. Every day I fantasize about escaping the pain. The extreme depression and anxiety. I am just waiting for the day where the concept of death no longer scares me, and that day is inching closer all the time.

I have clinical depression and panic anxiety. I suffer from the beginning stages of fibromyalgia and arthritis. I live in constant pain due to a spinal birth defect. Coincidentally I refuse pain killers because my parents are both addicts. This year alone, they have taken $14,000 from me to fund expenses because they can't stop buying shit. And I don't have a job. That was my unemployment. As a university student all 3 of my jobs were lost with Covid. I just get guilt tripped into it every time and I can't listen to my mother cry and tell her no like that...

I call my parents as some of the closest people in my life. But neither of them accept their gay child. I've fought  for 7 years to convince them its not a phase but don't worry, "I'll find the right woman eventually." He'll, when I came out to my mom, she tried to kill herself because she "couldn't live with her son being gay."

My father no longer feels like the same person who raised me. He's become blatantly racist, and is horrifying going off the deep end in morality.

Its hard because deep down I know they care. I've watched my mother, even when completely out of her mind due to medication, still try and take care of me as she fell apart. So it fucking hurts to say I feel so detached.

I'm 25. I have not hit any of the milestones associated with being young. Normally I'd say thats okay, but I've never been on a date, had a SO, had the first kiss, anything. Hell, I feel so goddamn ugly and unattractive and fat these days its hard to say I blame anyone for avoiding me. (And yes, I've tried dating apps. Fat chance getting a message on those)

I grew up middle class. Still am since I live at home. But growing up I quickly learned no one really cared about me. Everyone has left. Even as a kid, on 3 seperate instances, 3 of my so called friends tried to choke the life out of me. Of those 3 times, the police were called once.

Even recently I've been assaulted by my psycho neighbor. Broke 2 toes and injured my wrist. The police didn't do anything because his story differed from our version of events. It literally happened on OUR porch, several houses from his. Police said "Well if he does anything again, call us and hopefully we will get here before he kills you"

I am religious, and I've settled with the idea that God doesn't hate guys. I don't believe that. But I've gotten to the point that he hates me specifically. 

I've gone full nihilism. My life doesn't matter. I'm untalented, useless, and nothing in the universe ultimately matters with the eventual heat death of everything. So my death won't matter here and now either.

My body exists as an autoimmune disorder. Fucked up skin thanks to a bad case of KP, im losing my hair at 25, and as I said, full body pain most of the time. Hell, I shouldn't even be alive. I was "born" a month early but I was clinically dead until doctors saved me.

I possess no saving grace. Hell, my best friend in school graduated. We went from talking every day to barely at all, and its not from lack of trying. I feel as though most of the people that call me friend do so out of pity.

I have rebounded through several therapists to no avail. My school transitioned me between several therapists as they hired and let people go. I got tired of starting to explain myself over and over and over and over to new people so I have given up.

There is no hope. Not an ounce of me left wants to live just to continue suffering. I have such a negative self view of myself I won't even look myself in the mirror. I get depressed when I see images of people I like/find attractive. How could I ever think about an idol romantically. The thought of them stooping to my level disgusts me. Hell, I used to be a big fan of BTS, both for music and looks, but I can't listen to them anymore. I took down their posters in my room because I felt so repulsed by having their eyes in me.

I like to say I have a big heart. I love fully, unconditionally, and I am very sweet. I love the little things in life, and im generally a bubbly and happy person towards others... but its getting so hard anymore to fight... just yesterday I self harmed again for the first time in a while.


I plan to end my life. Its only a matter of time. So why am I posting here... A cry for help maybe... for a lost soul who feels the world against him... A gentle, peace loving person who is haunted by immense pain and loneliness... someone with so much love he wants to give but can't seem to find it in myself to love myself back...

Please... I beg the internet... help me save me from myself.