I need to get this out of my headBefore I go into further details, I would just like to say that I would never, ever imagine ever making a post like this in my entire life. First of all, I may need to say that I am a 17 year old Caucasian male, and the reason why I am here is because of secondary school. No, it is not from girls, or friends, or my aesthetics, or anything like that. It is in fact the school work itself and how I squandered my way into oblivion. I live a pretty comfortable live thanks to my hardworking parents. I myself, at one point, followed the same sort of work ethic throughout elementary school, and even through my earlier years of secondary school. Throughout grades 8-10, I would pretty much always get a 7 "A"s and 1 "B", although my "A"s were usually just the bare minimum.

This year, as I enter my second last year of high school, I've come to realize how important these grades are alongside 12th grade (final year ) marks in order to enter a good university. However, I've somehow dropped the ball. In my first semester, two of my classes I received an 89.5% and a 90%, whereas in my other classes, I received an 80% and an 81%. My parents were fuming, and I was beating myself up about it. Fast forward now into second semester where my grades are in a similar, but yet at the same time much worse situation. In two of my classes I have 90% and 92%, respectively, whereas in my other two I have approximately 80% and probably even worse in a grade 12 course. To clarify on the 12th grade course, I have a large assignment due tomorrow that I pretty much started tonight. For the sake of anonymity, I have decided to keep my classes private. Although, this will probably give it away with me saying that many of these classes were taken as I really wanted to study engineering at a university of note. Normally, this wouldn't have been a problem with my current grades in some of my classes, however, my awful performance in my other classes have dragged my average down the gutter, probably sealing my fate to not go to a reputable university. Upon hearing of my grade 12 course, both of my parents were seething with anger and dissapointment at me. I can't blame them.

Despite my drive to em better myself and break the cycle of slacking off, I continue to squander my family's time, forcing them to resent their son who sleeps in and forgets to clip his toe nails. Where I live, our driving licenses are acquired through a graduated licensing program, and, after my 3rd attempt, I finally passed. However, if I were to fail it, I secretly promised myself I would end my life, being as how I'd probably do mediocre on the other two tests that day. Sometimes, whenever my parents see me cry, they usually ask why, only to be responded with an "I'm just tired". These sort of emotional attacks have been frequent within my mind, and I'm not sure if I can stop it.


Edit: This really isn't a troll post; I could use any assistance  if possible.
I understand that once you die, you cannot feel "relief", but how on earth am I supposed to cope with the knowledge that I can never be what I could have been? 