I dont know how it got this bad. how did i end up the abuser....i just need to get this out, im hopeless, im lost, on the verge of no longer wanting to live. 


lets start around September October of last year i really dont remember the story well, so i hope i can tell it properly but my depression tends to erase everything after a while. 

my bills were pilling up, i lost my job for a long time and my credit got fucked due to it. started  A new job but everyone there thought my work was sloppy and bad even though i was the best worker at my last store. pretty sure they were just bias because of my colored hair and piercings because people who worked worse then me got treated better, 

my house is a mess constantly. mold in the kitchen 3 people a dog and a cat in 1 studio apartment. idk my depression got bad and my anger wouldnt stop. ( im not an angry person just depressed and riddled with anxiety since i was 12, tried siucide multiple times, parents divorced when i was 12, lost our house, born with a heart condition) it started with the mess i would just get so mad over the house being messy. then everything would set me off even people i cared about. i was so stressed over work and my debt and the house. my anxiety has me leaving in fear of people hating or leaving me. 

decided to start going over to friends who lived really close. i thought everyone could get along.. me and my bf who lived with me and our group of friends (around 6-8 people) who me and him have known for a while some are new though. 

something always happened were my bf had work or my bf couldnt go when ever me and the friends did something. i always thought it was an accident. i always wanted him there. i never thought it was a big deal. i guess it was and it seemed like my friends were not allowing him to go, witch i never really noticed? i mean they made remarks here and there but i thought it was a joke or didnt mean anything? fucking around ya know? ive known these people for so long i never thought they would lie or try to hurt me. 

i guess this is were it got bad? i went to a rave out in the middle of no where, asked my bf before hand if i could go (he said yes) i also wanted him to go but everyone said there was no car room and i figured it wasnt that big of deal since these kind of raves were known for being really shitty and ending early or with the cops. 

boyfriend wants to take lyft there since the car is full. i said he could but the lyft is gunna cost like 80$ plus and its not worth it so he really shouldnt go and ill be back soon. my phones at like 20% when i leave. so i leave it in backpack the most of the night. 

im cold  the rave sucks. we dont get there till 11pm- hasnt started yet. meet this girl we hang out around her car the most of the night and the dance floor. i dont do any drugs- rest of my friends do acid ( most people cant look at electronics on acid) 
bf apparently has been messaging people all night and i didnt know.
phone was in backpack dying most of the night and no one else told me he was looking for me until past 1am! at this point my BF wont stop calling me back to back to the point i cant even message him the address to come. but also at this point our friend who drove us who had left was on his way back and said we were going to leave. 


tell bf to not worry we are leaving ill see him soon this rave sucked anyway

driver took like 2 hours to get back to us so at this point its like 2-3am he rolls up mad as fuck saying cops are coming. tells us all to shut the fuck up and get in the car. 

phones almost dead but i try to message my bf on the way back only to be getting lectured by him well i try to explain nothing hapened

come home to him accusing me of cheating and that i planned all this. ( yes i went with a guy i was good friends with and he liked me but no i didnt sleep with him ever i dont like him that way he was just a really good friend who happened to have feeling for me but i thought he knew i didnt like him as ive denied him a relationship in the past) 

from this point apperently my friends were trying to brake us up so i would get with the friend who had feelings for me. i didnt really know this and my bf tried to tell me but it was him vs 6-8 people who i trusted just as much as him. they were like my family. they were sending him texts to leave me alone and to let me do what ever i wanted , etc ,etc ,etc. but they told me this wasnt going on so i kinda always defended them when ever he tried telling me what was going on. it got so bad we were yelling at each other every night for a whole month. we told each other to kill eachother called the cops. i threatened to kill him but he also told me to kill myself called me a bitch a cheater, i called him every name in the book to though.. we never slept. maybe got 2-4 hours a night if that for WEEKS. it was bad for both of us. not mention we were doing molly occasionally to get things to work or to help. i love him and i still do and i never meant to say any of those things to him i just was so sleep deprived and had people from multiple angles telling me how much they thought i hated them for not hanging out with them and how people thought he was abusing me when i told them MULTIPLE times he wasnt. it eventually lead to me kicking him out witch i never intended to do. in reality i wanted nothing more then for him to cuddle me that morning but my anxiety causes me to get angry out of fear and once i get rolling and sayings things my anger convinces me to keep going because its already to late. 

i end up going to a few hospitals that weekend. took

 a bunch of pills tried to kill myself multiple times. somehow coninve him to give me another try after weeks of fighting and crying and trying to tell him im getting better. 

 ( i forgot to mention he was going to ask to mary me at an event that i ended up going to with a friend that liked me. bf did tell me not to go or hed make me miserable,  i honestly just wanted to go to cry. i wanted to see him and i wanted us to make up somehow like a fucking movie. i wanted to leave with him and everything would be ok. i didnt even want my friend to go he just ended up being there. bf came and left befroe the even started because i was there. ended up messaging and calling me all night saying horrible things. writes on the event page on fb that the girl wearing my costumes aka me was a cheater and the guy i was that night i cheated on him with. again ive never cheated on this guy. ive been cheated on i know it hurts and i never would) 



i was getting better. i had a new mindset. i told myself that i can do this i odnt have to be angry. lived with my friends for a while since our lease ended. ( i thought they had talked out it out though, so for a while it seemed we were all ok) but before we got back together my bf had told me to kill myself to live stream it on fb and that i didnt deserve anything and that i deserve pain and suffering witch kind of broke me of my mindset.. it was hard to keep going after everything. i would go inbetween my friends and my bfs house. we would still fight ocasionly. we were jus drained and our friends were still causing problems.. friend ends up in hospotil says my bf is part of the reason because he doesnt like how he treats me ( witch is none of his buinsess btw considering this friend cheats on his pregnant gf and i never said shit about his relationship) and that my bf isnt aloud over anymore. at this point ihad tried to commit suicide the day before and needed my bf more then anything in the world. that was the last straw i was done with my friend. 

my bf goes to his parents i go to another friends. im kinda on the street at this point, but end up at my boyfriends, i cant live here anymore. i go back home to my parents 3 hours away. 

note during this time i had 2 guy friends say they were trying to brake me abd my bf up and they didnt give a shit if they knew they were and i had 3 or 4 friends say they didnt like my boyfriend. i dont talk to any of them i messaged them prety much to fuck off a this point because i cant believe they manipualed me and my bf to fight for weeks because they told me one story and him a different one. 

me and him are still kinda fighting still kinda together. he comes visits. out sleep schedles dont work out so we dont see much of each other. we fight, he makes me cry i throw shit. 
....

shit gets better i go to the doctors. i get therapy and an antidepressent. were ok for a while. im starting to be happy again. 

bf wont stop bringing up how mad he is over everyone. how i called him crazy but he wasnt crazy he was right. everyone was fighting against him including me. i should of been on his side. 

i should be angry. i should want revange. i should want to riun my friends lifes. i just want this to be over. i just want us happy. i love him. i want him for the rest of my life. 

he wont let it go. every few days he brings it up making me cry and feel like shit. this goes on for like 3 months. im still trying to get better. im busy with a new puppy and work and my mom who makes me do everything for her. 

he thinks im ignoring him and not responding. when really ive just been really busy and emotionally off and on. 

we get into a fight. idk what to say. i ask if he wants me to go and he says no but i go to bed anyway because ive already been crying and am tired. he says ok goodnight ily. i say ily back the next day

it says seen around 1-2pm so i wait and i wait and i wait for a reply but nothing. he never says anything back. until the next morjing he said goodnight ily again around 10pm the night before ( i went to bed at like 8 because i was sad he didnt ever reply) i never sent anything else that day because i thought he was mad at me? he sawm i was active and sent a message why didnt he reoply? 
so again the next day i send an ily says seen and no reply 

again that nigh goodnight ily from him so i send :/ ily

he says what why are you sad? then accuses me of ignoring him for 2 days when hes the one who didnt reply? i could of sent more and i could of put ILY2 because just putting ILY was an automatic response i couldnt take 2 seconds to write the 2. i told him i was just to lazy to write the 2 witch then makes him think hes not worth the extra effort ( like this guy spends all day in bed? hes super lazy i didnt think me not putting a 2 was an issue) 

he then says how much he hates me and how selfish i am for making him stay in the relationship because tbh i would threaten to call his mom if he didnt listen to me but it was because i was so scared of him leaving. hes all i had left. he would accuse me of things i didnt do and leave because of them and i would only get him to stay because what he said wasnt true. i was never palying games or cheating or trying to hurt him like i did. 

then tells me that he cant even get sex now so theres no point even cotiniuningand that im a cheater and i have no proof to prove i didnt. even offered to pay for a polygraph test. 
even said ill message everyone i know to prove i didnt. 

says he told me hed make my life a living hell and accuse me of everything and i said it was ok... .. so i guess thats what hes been doing for the past 3 months and that after what i did at the concert he would never spend the rest of his life with me.........
and that now im posting all these sad suicidal posts online because i want people to believe me... the last three night ive been on the verge of haning myself or taking pills and i cant take this pain anymore. i never cheated. i admit i said fucked up shit but so did he. i never slept with anyone else. i never meant to ignore him.... 

i hate who i am and what i did and i cant picture being older because i cant forget what i said and did to him in my past. i feel like the worst person i dont deserve the pain of death i deserve to suffer bu i cant handle it anymore. idk what to do. i stopped taking my anti depressents and i just want a way out. 

no one understands the whole situaton. no one understand the fighting we went throught that october. 

no one knows the things that were said on both partys.......



