You know what?  It's really all just a fucking waste.Why do you people keep on insisting that things are so hunky-doory and peachy during the fucking apocalypse?

You tell people, "OH CHEER UP SIR, THINGS WILL GET BETTER, NOW PUT A SMILE ON AND HAVE CONFIDENCE HUUURRRRR."  Well guess what?  It doesn't get better.  The entire world is fucked, wave of wave after genocide and thievery and government and authority and liars and sociopaths and the iron fist of assholes and authoritarians blah blah blah.  The world is beyond redemption.  You fucking hipsters talk about "democracy" and working together like fucking niave children, thinking you can save the world magically.  Well guess what?  Democracy, and all the others, are failed ideologies, just like Communism.  You won't change the world.  What you're getting is the result of human nature.  You think you can just tweak the system, turn a few knobs and dials and change some parameters and fix the world if only people were good little progressives.  You're fucking nuts.


And what do I have for myself?  Nothing.  I'm this fat, ugly, shrill funny-sounding fat cretin of a man, virgin (as you would expect) that is graduating from college with a useless degree--I decided grad school is not for me--with nothing but tundra in all directions.  I'm trapped in an emotional frozen desert and I've got nothing going for me in life with you assholes.  "It gets better!" you shout to me from your Macbook, your short break from making hip cool comments about how cool Obama is (or maybe it was a FFFFUUUU comic on 4chan, or something) despite the fact that you've never been truly miserable.  The unhappiest you've been was the time you accidentally stepped on and broke your Animal Collective CD.  Or knowing this bunch, probably some dumb techno bullshit.  Regardless, you stand there with your mouth agape telling me that things pick up from here on out, that I can get a job and a nice woman and everything will be gosh-darn swell.


It doesn't end like that.  A job?  A recluse like me doesn't get a job. A recluse like me doesn't connect with people, doesn't want to talk about the BIG FOOTBALL GAME or small talk about how their nephew farted in class and got soooo embarrassed or how that one American Idol contestant was gypped out of winning their shitty pop record deal.  A spineless loser with no talent does not get any job that requires skills.  People skills?  We've already established that.  Artistic skills?  Even my handwriting is a mess.  Mechanical skills?  How can I fix anything if I can't even fix my mess of a life?  The rest of my life is being put under the yoke and collar of middle management.  I shall become Lord of the Smoothee machine!  My legacy:  "Look upon my Large Fries, ye mighty, and despair!"  I shall be fondly remembered as the crazy guy that washed dishes and was ugly as shit.

Ugly as shit!  Did I mention I'm a virgin?  Oh, yes, I did, didn't I?  I would make a great virgin sacrifice!  I've spent many a night meating my meat in mechanical agony, getting a nice tan under the glow of my TV trying not to sob because I know I couldn't get anything even remotely close to anyone that looked like those girls interested me, not even halfway as good.  Then I'm reminded that there's ugly girls out there, ugly women as I am an ugly man, and I'm not attracted to them, and if I can't be attracted to people as ugly as I am, how can I expect to be loved or even be worthy of love?  I've been utterly ignored by the opposite sex--they've told me I'm ugly, you see.  Don't start on the confidence bullshit!  I'm not like you, hipster redditor--I don't stutter and cum my pants just because a girl looks at me.  Confidence doesn't net you girls, means to provide and good looks does.  The literature of this subject seems to agree with me, as confidence is explained as being DUE to ability to get girls, as due to physical attraction and so on, and so, hipster redditor, you mix up cause and effect (for the most part) so you yourself can continue to live in a world where everything is just and equitable and progressive and works out in the end.  Well, take those shades off (it's indoors, you fucking hipster!) and look around you, by and large, good-lookin' men are with good-lookin' women.  The hot chicks are moaning because the hot studs are boning THEM.  Only in hollywood does Joe Nerd McLinuxpants fuck the cheerleader.  I'm too spoiled and selfish not to go for the fat goth girls with mommy issues and heads filled with borderline personality disorder (all I can get; all I'm good for) and so I shall die without ever getting my dick wet.  And even if!  Even if I were to find one I myself liked, they would not like me, as I am physically repulsive to behold.  But I have not loved a girl ever, not with the complete unity of my personality, because I knew--KNEW--there were all a mess in the head, and incompatible with me, my interests, my goals and desires, and the life I wanted to lead, a life without family, religious dogmas, social dogmas, cultural Christianity, the whole average all-American mediocrity and what-have-you.


Friends?  I have but one, and due to a GREAT life on Earth with all you fabulous human beings I'm incapable of fulling trusting him.  Or anyone else.  Not like there's much else out there worth talking to, the conversations are terrible.  "Dude, you like music too?  FAR OUT, I LOVE RAP!" "WHAT DID YOU THINK ABOUT THAT $LOCAL_SPORTS_TEAM GAME LAST NIGHT DUDE?"  "DUDE, DO YOU OWN AN XBOX?  I LOVE HALO!"  You're all miserable and stupid as shit!  And they think I'm crazy--they're the ones that believe in their metaphysical manifestations of meaninglessness.  Gods and ghosts and all sorts of bullshit!  How can you make friends with people that are just so... so, BENEATH you?  And they are completely beneath me, intellectually speaking.  Not a slight bit of an interest in philosophy (Continental philosophy is not philosophy), or science, in music (urban poetry is not music), or good TV, or good video games, or just all-around CREATIVITY.  You step out of the line and they start to become visibly distressed that someone isn't in their place.  Oh praise Jesus, hallelujah, he stepped back into line, now I am back in my comfort zone in my American Family Values Midtown USA existence!

So am I going to off myself, since this is SuicideWatch?  No, not today at least.  Somewhere down the road, though, maybe, because it's too cold here and there's only so long you can walk through the snow without wanting to just collapse in it and let it overtake you.