Compared to everyone else here, I live a charmed life. And that makes me feel even more guilty/depressed.I'm a early-20s male in a prestigious grad program. Loving parents, caring friends, an upper class upbringing. No obvious mental or physical deformities. I am talented and intelligent. I am fresh out of college and already in the top 10% of income earners in the US. I am social and witty. If you were to see me in public, you would think "wow, this guy has his shit together."

Reading the other entries on this subreddit, my life is a lot better than many others'.

But every day when I come home, I spend hours staring at the wall and contemplating why I even bother to exist. Sometimes I cry. Because of one fact: I have no sexual experience. I can't remember the last time a girl enthusiastically touched me in more-than-friendly way. Can't remember a single time.

You're probably laughing to yourself at this point. "Wow, what an entitled crybaby fucktard this guy is. He should be thankful for what he has. He shouldn't be hung up on the fact that he can't stick his penis into a vagina."

And you'd be right. It is an entirely selfish and myopic reason for me to be as depressed as I am. But it is what it is. I come home every day and spend hours in a stupor, with these thoughts of worthlessness and sexual impotency going through my mind like fireworks. Clouding all of my thoughts.

It started in college and every passing week it gets worse. It started in college, wondering why all of my guy friends had some romantic experience but no girl ever wanted me. Then I began to put myself out there, and after getting rejected over and over again, the depression started settling in. I worked out. Still rejected. I went to parties. Still rejected. I did online dating for 6 months. Still rejected. I tried being enthusiastic, aloof, basically any strategy under the sun. Still rejected.

I don't want to be alone forever. What good is my advanced degree, what good is my money, what good are any of my talents if I have nobody to share it with. Can I hug my credit card at night before going to sleep? Can I pillow talk with my diploma? Can I Skype with my new car while I'm away on business, telling it that I love it and blowing it a kiss over video connection and then spending several minutes staring into its eyes?

Without somebody, I am nobody; just a robot that makes money and presents a happy-happy-happy face to the world. And if I am nobody, then killing myself shouldn't be too much of an impact on the world.

I found myself watching videos of suicides on youtube last night. Don't even know why I did it, and it scares me. It scares me a lot because my suicidal ideation is becoming stronger and stronger. It started off as just a general feeling of worthlessness and then progressed to fleeting thoughts of "well, *what if* I were to theoretically end it all?" Now I'm watching videos. I'm afraid that soon I will start planning.

I wish that I had good reason to do it, that's all I would need to have a clear conscience. But reading other people's stories here (like the woman who's son is a sociopath or the guy who has cancer and cleans toilets) is the only thing holding me back, because I feel incredibly guilty throwing away my privileged life. That's the one thread holding me back from plunging completely into the abyss. And soon I fear that thread will break as well.