Keeping my fiance aliveHey, hopefully this is allowed here as I'm not the one on watch. My fiance is in crises. I'm not sure what to do for her. She's diagnosed borderline, she's also had multiple brain injuries, so she's fairly chemically doomed to erratic mood swings. She's also suffered extreme trauma. She hates herself.  More than I ever thought possible, literally as low as self esteem can possibly be that's where she's at consistently her entire life (even though she's objectively very attractive). I'd bet there's probably some neurological dysmorphia there too. The lows are so low. She's attempted twice and wound up in the hospital in critical condition both times so I know she's serious. What scares me most is that things in life are good, about as good as they'll get honestly, and she's doing everything she should (on anti depressants, in therapy, we talk a lot about everything, CBT), so now I'm scared that if all of this isn't working, how can I fix this, how can I protect her? I literally CANNOT live without her. I can't get that phone call or find her dead. I'm paranoid about it constantly which I know she notices and then feels bad for being a burden, which I also can't afford so I'm constantly hiding all my fear and stress to protect her. She's the love of my life. I'm so scared she'll give up. I hate that she's in pain like this, suffering. I wish I could take it from her onto me. I'm scared we'll run out of options, because we're already doing a lot and nothing is helping, and nothing will work and that it would then be cruel to expect her to continue suffering and I'd have to consider allowing her to let go with compassion which honestly mentally I can't even fathom as an option regardless of my ethical belief in the principal. I'm a huge advocate for psilosiben or even microdosing MDMA, ayahuasca, hypnotherapy.. literally trying absolutely anything to help her but I'm worried she won't be willing to try everything that could help. She just told me she's now lost the care for other people. Usually worrying about me and her family and dog keeps her alive but she cried to me that she doesn't even have that anymore, she just wants it to end and doesn't care who it affects or how. She seems totally emotionally detached, like she's disassociating maybe. I'd consider bringing her to a hospital but I honestly don't even feel like they help, they just drug you up a ton. For now she's promised she won't do anything until we can get to our resources and try a plan of action but I feel like that's just buying me a tiny bit of time and that's it. I don't know what to do. I don't know if I should hide her meds and give them to her as needed like a doctor, or call her family or what. What if nothing works? How do I keep her here then? I'm so scared.