(rant)I probably cry for hours 5/6 days of every week. I cry for no particular reason, when I reflect on my life and what could have beenー I was a social elementary kid and likely would’ve stayed that way if life went differentlyー, I cry at any form of insult no matter how minor. Ik crying is supposed to be a way of releasing stress but it doesn’t help when I otherwise repress emotions 24/7. 

Speaking of life, do you consider how much happier if something happened differently? I do at least once a week; if I went to the MS with my elementary friends I probably would still be the upbeat kid from back then. Old me would probably slap me now. My self esteem is bad, socializing makes me too nervous, I’m too afraid to express myself. I don’t blame my parents for not sending me to the MS I wanted to go to, but I could have been so much different if I did. I could’ve got a variance to ride on a bus outside my school zone to go there (it was only 10-12 minutes away, similar to the MS I ended up going to), anything to get me there with my old friends. My mom says she sent me to the other MS to build up my “mental fortitude” but god my fortitude is several times worse than it was. Worse part is the school was so bad the district was offering new bus routes to help kids go to a better school and my mother wouldn’t let me do it ))):

Won’t go through what happened in MS but think general bullying. I used to be sad about not having friends and such but now I stopped caring, after a while I stopped wanting it. I’m pretty apathetic as well. It’s such a contrast from who I was and I want to go back to it.

I wanted to be an author when I was younger but now I see no future for myself. I hope I’m just dead before I turn 20. I’m too much of a wuss to do it myself so I’m just wishing something or someone could do it for me. HS is WAY more tolerable in comparison but I got into an academic program and the students are so stressful and make me so nervous. Only reason I’m not dropping it is because I’m getting an all costs covered deal for college out of it. I like online school more than physical if only because less nerve wracking students but it’s still too much.

I’m too sensitive, nobody cares and I want it to end. I don’t fear death, just pain. I wish humans had an off button so I could click it and be done forever no complications. But then I’d feel bad about leaving behind my dogs and my parents would feel super guilty even if I’m not close to either. Also my sibling graduated this year and I don’t want to sour the year for them with my death. If only I was never born. SIGH