I feel like I've gone down the path of my life for 
which success is not the correct choice.People used to respect me, I think. I didn't think they did because I was still always so self-conscious. I thought many of them hated me. I thought I hated me. I have wanted, on-and-off, to kill myself since the age of 12. I am 18 now.

I have been smoking a lot of a certain synthetic cannabinoid over the past few months because getting high helps distract me from myself. I hate that I'm even writing this, I shouldn't be. I'm not one of the people that really need help. Ever since I was 8, I have absolutely abhorred the idea of seeing psychologists. I'm not insane. I'm not clinically depressed. I have no need of professional help.

I've been walking a lot at night lately and in November I walked to a nearby park with a lot of trails. One of these trails goes by a lake where geese like to gather during the month or so before they migrate. They seemed like Greeks in Plato's academy, discussing important and academic goose matters. I walked to this park, and when I got there I was drenched and every piece of my clothing was soaking because it was raining quite heavily. I planned to wade into this lake and slit my wrists with the knife I brought. But upon approaching the gate to the park, I stopped for several moments, before ultimately deciding to turn back and head home. I decided to do this because I didn't want to be eaten by bears, and I wasn't sure if bears make their rounds in those woods.

I've always heavily associated colours with everything, especially music and people. My friends say they do not relate to this when I explain it to them but I know it is a normal thing. They just don't realize it happens to them.

But once I started smoking, the colours became more important, and they became accompanied by other senses. I have been glimpsing childhood and all the important symbols that dominated life in my earlier ages. I have been quite literally travelling back in time, but I can't change anything. There are no paradoxes to worry about, because the universe is neither deterministic nor random. I cannot change what I do at age eight because who I am at age eight remains the same. When I wander about the yard of the house I lived in when I was young, short as I was when I lived there, I wonder if the waking world of me with eighteen years isn't some distant dream.

There are too many coincidences and too much magic in the mundane for the story I have lived to be governed by anything less than an author's pen. I have often fancied myself to be that author, but I have many colours, and I am not always the author. I have always held a strange suspicion that I cannot actually die, and any attempt to end my life will result merely in a life of misery in a wheelchair. But I have recently gotten the suspicion that I have not actually lived the past ten or even fifteen years at all, and that if some screaming automobile were to steal my life, I would awaken with a start in my three-year-old body, free to begin again.

But I don't want to begin again. I want to take all those chances I missed. I want to correct my mistakes, which are worse than those of most because they were committed by so vile and so empty a human being. I want to return to the time when the Girl Who Is Blue loved me, and when I loved her, and I want to make something of that. I want to go once again through the mediocrity of public schooling to the end of success, as a mind of my calibre truly deserves. I want to undo all the misery and petty fights I had with my stepsiblings. I want to not be so afraid of everything. I want to have lived.

But I have not lived, and when I have tried, I have revealed myself to be a shell of a human being: not as intelligent as everyone around me had always said. Not as moral as I liked to believe. Not as charismatic as the colour Red had me painted when I was young. I have memories I scarcely can call mine, because my body has been home to a series of small and feeble cowards, each less genuine than the last.

I have not lived, and all I have to show for my unlife is a long list of unappreciable ramblings in the form of poetry and prose. Certainly I will be missed when I decide to depart, and at this point I must. The successful me branched off much earlier in my life, and while there exist paths yet which lead to prosperity for me, they are not the correct ones for the place I am going. I cannot expect to be respected when I cannot respect or even like myself. In some crystal clear moment of perfect sobriety I will lose my fear of fate and remove myself from this world. Not tonight, I think, because there is still a will to live somewhere in my chest. It is faint, and it is tired, but it is there.

I just wish I could apologize and make a difference. I just wish I could stop and turn around. I wish I was never so good at running away. And when I really think about it, I want to die not because life is painful or unbearable in the slightest, but because I am.

I'm just sorry.