My therapist used my fear of pain against me today. I'm just afraid now.(Long read, you better have your snacks and your beer.)

I've been getting help for the past three months following an attempt, meds and therapy. During those months, I've been pondering about stuff like the meaning of life, why am I *still* here, is suffering even worth it, do I even care about any of the shit I've been doing, etc. Most of those questions are answered with "I don't know, I don't really care" or "no". So I've been thinking, hey, maybe it's really just a matter of when and how now. It's a little relieving to think, hey, I don't feel like I need to be here anymore; it's kind of like that feeling when you're about to finish a particularly horrible shift at work, almost. The "but my family!!" reason has started to fade too because mostly, I think my parents would be more bothered about the fact that my passing would make them look like they failed as parents (my culture is strange). I love them, I really do, it just doesn't matter anymore. I'd wish they wouldn't have to be in pain but it's just inevitable if I go through with it.

Today, my therapist wanted to talk to me about the fact I had a fit last week (crying, talking more than necessary and generally being at my worst, I didn't feel in control) and told her so many things that were on my chest. Honestly, I just wanted at least one person to know I'm in this much pain, to acknowledge me, to understand this pain is real. I think I just overwhelmed her. Now she's all like "I don't know, I feel like we need to reorient this and adjust our meetings to avoid going in all directions" and she tried to go into what was great about the me I used to be instead of the me now. A kind of buddy-buddy approach, the "let's focus on how to fix yourself" and I'm like, how do I know that? I don't know why I didn't react well to that. I felt like my pain was dismissed, like the me now doesn't matter because the me then was a fucking awesome gal. It just made me realize the gap, how gray I've become, how I don't like any of the things that used to thrill me, how other people matter more than me, how my self-esteem plummeted. It's like "hey, you used to be outgoing and prettier and nicer and people actually wanted to know you, you had less inhibitions and you were okay in your skin and in your goals and you didn't see failure as something that defines you. Where's that girl?" Man, she's gone. She's been gone for a long fucking time.

So she asked me if I'm still thinking about killing myself. I said yes, that I have no plan on ever turning thirty. The deadline I kinda gave myself is somewhere between now to when I'm 27. (I'm 26.) If I live to 28, I guess I'll have to force myself to carry on. I'm supposed to graduate in 2020 but I'm not even holding on to that anymore, I don't really want to do what I do.

She asked me if I had a plan. I said no but I want to not be in pain, so I mentioned a specific method that I'm not going to mention here which involves some science since it's supposed to be painless if you science the thing properly. And she's like "some people tried that, survived and report it really hurts." Aaaaand it makes your body really ugly to look at too. I'm afraid of pain and of being uglier/hard to look at during my funeral service (my parents wouldn't cremate me even if that's what I want.) So, yeah. Awesome. 

Now, I'm alive because I'm afraid. It feels awful. I'm too afraid to live, to afraid to die. It sucks.