[SW] Should we really be allowing posts that claim to have already "committed suicide" ? Is this causing more harm than good?When there are posts made here that are basically "Hey I just took a bunch of sleeping pills, this is my last post, good bye!", and then the OP doesn't actually respond to anything further, it leads to several possibilities:

1. Maybe they really did commit suicide, and they are using r/SW as a place to announce it. This place then becomes an announcement board for people who have actually committed suicide rather than a place to help them. Is that really the role we want to have?

2. If someone is really committing suicide, and using r/SW as a place to announce it, then they are getting the postmortem attention that they desire and they feel satisfaction in doing so. It is like their final message to the world, and r/SW is serving as a platform for that final message. 

3. This could encourage other people "on the fence" to go through with it, and actually commit suicide. It can't possibly be helpful for someone who is actually considering suicide to see a post like like that. They won't get any positive benefit from it. Seeing someone else do something you are thinking about doing can give you just enough of a push over the edge to cause you to do it also.

4. It could be trolling, and a way to play with the emotions of people on r/SW. I am sure at least some of those posts are trolls, and again even if they aren't trolls, it is certainly doing no one any good. In any case, troll or not, it serves absolutely no purpose for anyone.

5. If the OP never responds, it leaves people who have responded to that post feeling bad. Maybe they couldn't say just the right thing, maybe they didn't get there in time, etc. It is harmful for members of r/SW to see posts like that, to genuinely consider that maybe another human being has taken their life, and be totally powerless to help.

I propose two suggestions regarding this:

1. I propose that we discourage any such posts using posting guidelines. If anyone makes such a post, they should receive a very kindly worded message explaining the reasoning behind why such posts are disallowed, encouraging them to call a medical center. They are welcome to make a new post, or maybe even the mods can make a new post on their behalf.

2. It should be r/SW policy to alert the authorities any time such a post is made, including Reddit admins, the police, etc. This also could be enough to help discourage trolls from posting here knowing there could be real world consequences to them.

To summarize: I feel that posts on r/SW where people are NOT here looking for help, but who are announcing their own suicides, should not be allowed for all of the reasons listed above.

Thoughts?



