I'm more likely to run away than I am to commit suicide. But I'm keeping both options on the table. I want to confess many private things. Much rambling.This is going to be a very long post. If I were you, I would grab some soda, popcorn, take a seat back, and listen to me bitch about life. I have no real idea where to start. So I will just wing it.

I'm only 18 years old. I live in Texas. I very likely have depression, OCD and bipolar disorder. I haven't been diagnosed, but I very strongly suspect I am. I have taken many psychological quizzes, and they all say I have these. I realize they are no replacement for a real diagnosis, but regardless, pleases keep this in mind.

I'm a combination of several different stereotypes into one person.

I'm somewhat socially awkward, nervous, anxious and shy. But at the same time I definitely have social skills, I'm somewhat funny, I can be the life of a party, keep a conversation interesting and going, make everyone have a good time, and make people happy.

 I'm also the creepy, edgy, intimidating, and strong and silent type Punk/Emo kid in the corner.

I'm atheist. I've been atheist for a little over a year now. I don't believe in God(s), fate, destiny, predestination, or that anything happens for a reason.

I'm also the geeky, nerdy guy, who has few friends, and plays video games for much of the time. 

I'm somewhat a forever alone, nice-guy type, and this hurts me the most. I've never had a real-girlfriend, even though I have had many short-lived long-distance relationships. I've never had sex, received a blowjob, made-out, or done anything sexual. I've barely had my first kiss, and even then, I'm not sure if it technically even counts. We just touched lips. The handful of times I came close to having someone, didn't end very well, and I've almost lost my virginity twice, after trying to plan meet-ups with strangers. I haven't done anything sexual at all. I feel so jealous and resentful of anyone who has.

But at the same time, I have real empathy, and I don't do things just to be nice or because I want a reward, I do most of what I do, because doing something good without expectation of reward is fantastic.

I'm not the most ugly person in the entire world, but at the same time, I'm not the most attractive either. Especially with my glasses. I really fucking hate contact lenses. I've tried them, and I just don't care for them.

For the past 6 months, I have been regularly working out and exercising, and I've lost a shit-ton of weight and fat. I'm in the average weight range, but I continue to workout to lose even more weight, stay in shape, and I'm trying to form abs.

My other interests include history, science, video games, and martial arts and parkour. I'm currently taking both self-defense and parkour classes, and they are one of the only things I really enjoy.

Now, onto the shitty parts.

I haven't come from as great a home as I used to think I did. I stay in touch with my mom, but I live with my grandparents in a really shitty apartment.

My grandparents are borderline fanatic religious homophobes. I'm an uber-Liberal, left-wing person, and I think I may have somewhat softened their views. But they are still assholes much of the time.

I'm bisexual. I prefer women 90 percent of the time, but there are some guys I have been at least somewhat attracted to, and wouldn't mind at all having relations with.

My family and I are poor as hell. They both work their asses off for almost nothing. They say they do it all for me, and I'm the only thing they have, but much of the time I'm not so sure anymore.

Over the past few years, I have filled out dozens upon dozens of job applications, and used references, but I still can't get a fucking job. I'm always rejected, or told I don't have enough experience.

Motherfucker, how the hell am I supposed to get experience WITHOUT a job?! And how the fuck can I get a job without experience!? I've applied to all kinds of places, even minimum wage, minimum skill-level jobs, and gotten back jack shit.

I don't want to spend 5 years looking for a goddamn job, and leeching off of my family, like some people say they do.

I also don't have a car either. Its way too much stress on my body and mind to drive, even for just a small amount of time. My family drives me everywhere, and I'm starting to hate it.

I originally thought I made a good choice, given that I'm a decent runner, and I'm learning parkour, or I could get friends to drive me.

But no, after thinking recently, I completely understand the vast distances as to why people want cars. I've personally wanted a motorcycle, but its a little more dangerous and I can't carry much when I move.

I have a personal fantasy of having sex in a car, but I highly doubt I can achieve that at the moment.

I hate this society. I hate this country. I hate everything.

The entire world, and more specifically the U.S., is almost like a real-life version of 1984 and Brave New World.

The proles are too blind to see that they are wage-slaves to the military industrial complex, the politicians, the businessmen and the corporations.

People are too stupid and selfish to look at the bigger picture, to rise up in Revolution against their oppressors. Anytime someone comes along to change things, it doesn't fully turn out well for them, and the sheep criticize them, because they have been conditioned to love their wage-slavery and servitude to their Corporate Overlords, politicians, sociopaths, and religious nutjobs, fanatics and fundamentalists, such as ISIS and the Republican Party.

Democrats and Republicans are both two sides of the same pro-establishment, center-right, corporate coin. The main man who has even a chance of changing things, Bernie Sanders, is criticized by the proles, ironically as he is our only real hope, because the proles are too content to change anything or rise up in revolution.

I'm sick of it. I'm sick of it all. I want to fight against the oppressors of the world. But I'm not fully sure that I can do it. I know how utterly the odds are stacked against me, but I won't give up. At least not yet.

I've been told that I'm somewhat of an old soul. I don't care about money as much as everyone else does. I care more about love. But at the same time, I don't fully believe in true love, and I honestly have doubts that my dream girl is out there waiting for me, because I'm relatively picky, and because most blondes don't like me. Kind of a generalization, but still.

My dream girl, would be a woman who is a few years older than me, an athletic blonde with blue-eyes, and is simultaneously a Punk and somewhat-slutty type of girl, but at the same time shares the vast majority of her political and philosophical views, outlook on life, interests, music, video games and hobbies as me, and would smoke weed and drink beer with me. I've never done drugs, but I would love to try them.

Basically, a real-life version of Chloe Price, from the video game Life is Strange.

But even if I met her, I might be too much of a coward to say anything or fail to get with her. I am coming out of my shell when it comes to shyness, anxiety and awkwardness, and I do talk to people and greet them more than I used to, and I take more risks, but I'm not completely out yet. I can be very blunt, determined, and brutally honest.

I think if I met her, she might friendzone me, or not friendzone me at all, but reject me to get with Chad Thundercock, who has a 20-inch dick, cares about no one but himself, loves to get drunk, and is an all around psychopath.

I now try to be very upfront and forward with all people, especially women, and put them on less of a pedestal, and try to treat them like how I would anyone else, since I know from life experience, heartbreak, and advice, that women are more simple than most guys would think. If I gain interest in a woman, I will tell her as soon as reasonably possible, maybe even at a bad time, and not drag it out.

I don't plan on having kids, and I would hope my future wife wouldn't either.

But at the same time, the vast majority of the girls I have had long distance relationships with, were brunette or black-haired women, were somewhat religious, and wanted kids. But that was before I realized what I want my future wife to be, and how I felt about having children.

Even though I don't have a car or job, I thought I could save up money for airplane travel. I really want to move somewhere, and meet someone, go on badass adventures with a new crew of friends, live life to the fullest, and life fast and die young, none of which I have ever ever gotten to do, and I feel like I have wasted much of my life.

I want to move to somewhere like Oregon, New York City, Washington State, or Ohio. In that order. I like to think it would give me a new lease on life, and I would find love, adventure, and excitement.

I told my family how I feel about moving, and my grandfather got all pissed off, and threatened to kick me out, because he felt like he wasted his life raising me, only for me to move.

So I planned on running away. I'm not planning on going to college, since it costs thousands of dollars for just a chance at having a better life, job and salary, and be stuck in debt for decades. Besides, most of the rich and famous people I can name never went to college, or dropped out.

I don't even fully care about graduating high-school anymore, which I will in less than two months. No job will accept me anyway.

I had everything planned for running away. I was gonna empty out my giant backpack, and fill it with essentials like several days worth of food, water, toilet paper, shaving cream and a razor, towels and clothing, a blanket, some money, my non-driver's license I.D., a few letters of recommendation, and my social security card. I was gonna leave a long note of explanation, and motherfucking bolt it from my apartment while my family was gone, and never ever look back.

The day I was planning on it, my grandfather apologized to me. Its almost like he had somewhat of an idea what I was gonna do, even though I told no one. Now he wants me to became a poor wage-slave, like everyone I know.

I realize that running away is not like it is in the movies. Its one of the hardest things you can do, both mentally and physically. Its not all sunshine and rainbows. Its very dangerous, very challenging and everything. But I don't care. I wanted to. 

I feel like a prisoner in my home. My grandparents rarely allow visitors, I am never allowed to meet with my few friends, I've never brought a woman over, I've never had "the talk", they rarely let me drink alcohol, I've never had sex, I've never acted out, and I've never done any fun teenager bullshit that most people talk about. I feel so sad and alone and depressed and motherfucking pissed off.

I don't care where or how I was gonna run away, just where my feet take me. I was planning on running north, and finding temporary shelter, then transportation or a ride of some sort, or even just continuing to run.

I'm so sick and tired of being told that it gets better. I'm so sick and tired of being told that it gets better, not easier. I'm so fucking sick and tired of being told that all you need is confidence to attract a woman. I'm sick and tired of being told I need to be a productive member of society and sell myself into wage-slavery to the bourgeoisie.

I'm obviously a rebel, and I'm in general tired of people telling me what to do.

Again, I'm far more likely to run away than kill myself. At least then I have a chance at happiness, love, adventure, and doing what I want to do. I feel everyday I spend in my apartment is a wasted day. We're supposed to move out within one year, but my family said that one year ago. Even if its true, I don't want to wait one year to move out of this hellhole.

But I will keep suicide on the table, as an absolute-last resort.

My mother, her boyfriend and her friend aren't in a position to take me in.

I do have one gay friend, who is very close to me, and said if I ever need him, or if I ever planned on running away, he would drive the four hours to get to my apartment as fast as possible, and try to let me stay with him or a friend as long as he can.

I've never met him in real-life, but I know what he looks like, I've known him for months, and I can trust him.

I've also met a girl on this online forum, and she is almost everything I want in a woman. She's 17, about a year younger than me, and we both face very similar issues, problems and outlooks. We're not boyfriend and girlfriend, but we're not just friends. We're closer to fuckbuddies, but even that doesn't fully describe us.

She told me she would be heartbroken and cry over me if or when I one day run away, because I wouldn't be able to talk to her for a long time, if ever again. 

She made me promise not to run away.

I promised that unless my life, safety, or well-being (including finances) were in danger, I wouldn't run away. She also deals with suicidal thoughts, but she said she is too much of a coward to actually do it, and because she has me and her friends.

I can confirm that she is a girl. Her pictures are genuine, we both know what we look like, we talk for hours, we've known each other for weeks, we have much in common, and she has sent me some naughty pictures. I've used TinEye to prove that she is genuine. We're inseparable.

But again, we're not fully compatible because of several key differences I don't want to get into.

I don't know what to do or think right now.

I've been told that running away will not solve or erase your problems, since they will stay with you, but I don't fully agree with that.

I've heard from other angsty kids who used to be in my situation, that its better to stick with it until you move out, not run away.

But I've taken a different path in life, and I don't know where to go, or what to do. 

I doubt I will ever find someone. I don't expect my future wife to rescue me from all of my problems and make everything worth living. I just expect her to make things a little easier, and will stick with me and stand by me.

Just... give me advice, help, or reasonable hope. NOT false hope, and standard bullshit lines and grandstanding, generic advice or platitudes.

I'm genuinely afraid of what my grandparents would do if they found out I was bisexual. They tolerate that I don't believe in god. But my grandpa has stated he would kill me if I was gay. But I don't fully believe that, I'm not sure how serious he was, because he isn't always serious much of the time, and my family is so fucking ass-backwards, bipolar, and can't fully make up their minds.

What would you do if you were in my position, and why? Or what advice or help can you give me?

