25 years old, contemplating, are things harder when you're young? Does it get easier?I'm 25 years old and while I don't think I'll ever do it, the only thing that calms me down is contemplating suicide and crying it out. It's hard to explain why but it feels so real, and makes me feel like there is a way out of this torture.

My problems are multi-faceted. I struggle with pretty hardcore BDD, but I had bouts of depression completely unrelated to this before I got BDD, so I think when the regular depression "normal" people feel combines with my BDD it just becomes unbearable, I see no bright future.

But the BDD is in charge, and it's over a very specific flaw which may be improved through surgery, which is also one of the things that sometimes calm me down, but then when I start seriously considering the surgery I get anxious about everything that can go wrong and difficult about it.

I also fear it's not the solution, as I've had moderate depression even before developing BDD (had been extremely self-conscious about said flaw since childhood, but never obsessive and life-controlling, just regular insecurity).

I have enough handling just this, and on top of that I need to find a job WHILE finishing school and finding and apartment and trying to save my failing relationship with a girl I love more than anything in the world.

BDD often prevents me from leaving the house, and makes me hate daytime and going outside because everything about my condition has to do with lighting, so I'm obsessive about lighting and avoid bright overhead lights like the plague.

I believe this just fuels my depression over the other things that I normally could get depressed over, and it clutters the fantasy of a better future that used to save me out of the depression before I got BDD.

Sometimes it helps to just imagine a world where nobody cares about appearances, where our culture isn't obsessed with looks, where people don't talk about and comment looks and appearances 24/7.

Sometimes I just look forward to getting old and wrinkly, hanging out with other old and wrinkly people, and not giving a shit about having perfect skin, being good looking or how "hot" or "ugly" everyone is. But that in itself is also a bit depressing, living my 20's and 30's just waiting to get old.

But maybe hanging out for 10-20 years is worth it, if I can live a happy life down the road when I'm old?

That's why I'm wondering whether anyone knows if things get easier when you're old. I don't know statistics on suicide or anything like that, but right now everything just seems like it would be easier if I was at least in my 40's or 50's.

But then I snap out of it and realise what an utter fuck up I would be at age 50 if I lived up untill then just waiting to turn 50 so I could start my life.

I don't know. I just feel like everything I obsess over, while real, is petty and restricted to the culture of young people. But then again, maybe it's just because I'm not old. Maybe old people obsess over looks as well.

Does anyone have any wisdom, or know anyone who has on this? Like, having been depressed and contemplated suicide when you're young and then realising everything you obsessed over then was stupid and unimportant once you get older?

I guess I'm just wondering if anyone has any experiences or wisdom to share.