I Don't Know What to Do.I have: Depression. Anxiety. Panic Attacks. Borderline Personality Disorder. Eating Disorder.

I got married back in August, 2018. 
He's in the military and we're broke because a) government shut down b) he recently spent $400 to get a german shepherd puppy. At the time I was like hell yeah get a dog that you've wanted for years. He got me my dog in early November so it's only fair. I wish we both had thought it through more.

Now I love my husband a fuck ton, but I'm a pushover and it's getting to me. I feel like he's taking advantage of my kindness.

I do 90% of the housework. I don't mind doing chores but when he's home it's either I have to ask him (um. Anxiety. Hello.)  Or it doesn't get done and I end up doing it because clutter and filth stresses me out. 
He's gone for 24 hours every three days and this is my first year 'on my own'. We moved across the country away from our families but he has lived on his own for a few years. I'm a pussy. I get scared being alone and I feel vulnerable.

I've been having more and more nightmares. I can't sleep. Sometimes he keeps me up at night with gaming.

My joints and bones hurt from bulimia. I get headaches and stomachaches often. I'm currently on a very weak anti anxiety pill that doesn't seem to help at all. I can't see a proper psychiatrist until February. I don't know if I can make it until then. 

I'm a burden. I don't have a job. I'm useless. I'm ugly. I'm gaining weight but we don't have a scale so I don't even fucking know how much but I can see it in the mirror and I feel it in my face. 

I've been self harm free for over 6 months but I've been wanting to hurt myself so badly. We have a scalpel in the bathroom. It'd be so fucking easy. But he sees me naked, being that we're married.

While he was gone yesterday, I watched some porn. (He knows I watch porn sometimes and he's cool with it. When hes home it's just him and I but I can get bored / lonely when hes gone). However. I saw a video and lo and behold. The man looked exactly like him. I watched it over and over again trying to disprove that it really is him because if it is, I will fucking kill myself no question. His face wasn't shown on camera but I could see his body. His hair. I could hear little snippets of his voice. It was uploaded a month ago. It was set in a hotel room that looks very similar to a local one here where we live. I could just be paranoid but I have my reasons to be suspicious. We discovered that he got extra $ in his account about a week or so ago. That could be a Christmas bonus or it could be payment if it is in fact him in the video or maybe both.

I feel fucking crazy and overwhelmed. I feel ignored and pushed aside especially now with the puppy he got. He left for the vet earlier. I told him, "hey I know its stressful, but I fucking love you.", while I was holding his puppy but looking at him. He thought I was talking to the goddamn dog. Is that all he can think about now? Am I literally nothing? Hello? Can you hear me? Can you fucking see me? Can you even tell if we're looking into each others eyes when we speak to each other? 

I fucking hate myself and my body and my hair. He likes it long but mines still growing out a pixie cut from last year so it's in an awkward ugly mullet phase. I have one friend out here and she's really nice but can be too much. And especially now with the two puppies, I feel more restricted and distant from her. And we have one vehicle.

I'm backed into a corner. I'm terrified. I'm in pain.

I want to fucking die. I want it to be over. Now.
