Maybe I'm just the bad guyI'm recently moving out of a place that has become less and less welcoming. It started very small with the other housemates all being friends and me just generally being the odd one out when the house got together to hang out.


Then the person who lives next to me Roomy 1 began to complain about my dropping things at odd ours and a banging sound at night.


The dropping things is tending to me being messy an tending to having my personal affects circling me on my bed which inevitably fall off at times. The banging...I'm not really sure, I've been trying to quell the rocking/shaking I do at night(to help with my anxiety) and have lessened it alot but she reported to still hear it.


I wasn't sure what to do and so I just left it be and hoped it might jus resolve itself. That was a really stupid idea of mine. Soon enough it got worse with Roomy 1 blaming me and my brother (whom I live with) for stealing her food/using her razor (we don't shave and we barely have enough money to eat regularly ourselves as it is, so we understand the importance of food and wouldn't steal someone else's.


They blamed most of the messes in he kitchen and house on us and (because they're all friends with one another they don't blame each other) I tried to remedy this by cleaning all the dishes and the rooms upstairs and I just kinda stopped when they continued to have big get togethers and left tons of dirty dishes iin the sink that sometimes had whole remains of food on them. (I did at least put soap and warm water on my dishes to let them soak)


It is not a few weeks down until me and my brother move, I will be getting a job soon and we are saving all of our money to leave. I thought everything was going ok. (I mean the situation has been stressing me out, increasing my depression and I mostly just hide in my room now, so not good, but ok)


But now she'd started accusing me of fucking either my brother or my puppy. (because surely thats the cause of the banging right?) She got into a fight with my brother the other day because he's upset about all this. And now tonight she made more accusations and slammed into my door repeated at around 1am. Hard enough to split the wood paneling lifting over the hinge. which I fixed once tonight and then she slammed it again repeatedly so I just curled up and left it be as she called me a bitch and said I should leave. Roommate 3 kinda told he to calm down but not much. And then they just laughed and talked it off.


The thing is, I don't know if I'm just the asshole here?


Things I do that are terrible (as far as I know):

Left a tampon out on the sink one night

Left the oven top on on warm

left dirty dishes in the sink several times

I am up at night a lot and make a lot of creaking with my bed when I shift(mostly due to insomnia)


My dog is pretty loud, mostly when I put her in her crate which I do alot or leave her outside for a while because I'm terrified if I have her in the house and shes making noise it will upset everyone. But I suppose I've been doing things to cause that too.


So I mean..Maybe I'm just the bad guy here? I mean maybe I'm just the terrible person here. I don't know, maybe its just my overbearing social anxiety telling me that, maybe its the depression. This isn't the first time I've wanted to die, but its the first time since I got my puppy (for emotional support) that I've wish so strongly I had a gun so I could blow my own brains out.


I mean...I'm just a big problem to everyone anyways. So maybe I deserve to die.


Edit: 2:10 am. Another few slams