I finally feel relaxed.It's been a long ride, honestly. 

I'm male, 26. Not a lot has happened in my life. I live in a third world country. I grew up alone, didn't have any real interaction with people my age, didn't have kindergarten either. After missing out on all of that basic socializing, I was sent to school at the age of 6, being the youngest of the class, which just made my life worse. I screwed up over and over, I got bullied over everything I did and I never understood what did I do wrong and why did people hate me this much. I also lived really far away from school and had to take a bus which came only once every other hour, so I skipped on school sometimes. This didn't really let me socialize in my free time either.
For the 11 years of that I've been an outcast this whole time and no one really cared or tried to talk to me or at least not shoo me away when I tried to talk to them. I tried talking with the transfer students, but they caught in that associating with me would turn them into a scapegoat as well. I don't really blame them, but it stung quite a bit. 

At one point I got pneumonia which my parents weren't able to treat in time because the healthcare system in here is utter garbage. Hospitals are underequipped, the personnel is not qualified, no one knows what're they doing. This really ruined my health later down the line due to additional complications - kidneys, liver, something else that I don't even know what's it called in english, my english skills are really far away from being good. So I didn't even have health either to back me up. I blacked out during PE once and no one did a thing. The teacher dumped me like a sack of potatoes onto a small bench and just left me there for until the whole thing is over. That's fine too. She wasn't paid nearly enough to care. No teachers here were paid enough to care. 
I escaped to the computer as soon as we could afford one. Years I've spent obsessing over e-books, video games and basic chats were the absolute best time of my life, with finally someone being there on the other end of the screen that didn't hate me outright for existing. However, all of the friends I had online lived really far away and neither of us could afford travel. So all of them remained just cold text on the screen for a dozen of years or a bit more. I learned english and tried talking to people overseas. It was a very strange experience. They've lived very different, happy lives which I could never understand. They said they had friends, they had someone to hang out with, they had relationships while I was steadily losing my voice over the years of just not talking to the point I started forgetting what's it like to talk verbally. Now every time I try to talk I stutter horribly because I cannot put my thoughts in order. There isn't a magical floating keyboard to turn things that I want to say into something understandable. 

Then came university. I couldn't afford dorms so the commute took me roughly 4 hours every day for years. I learned to make do with the very basics of human communication - and hell, internet was more widespread and acceptable. I tried using it to my advantage. Long story short, I didn't get any friends in the university either, nor a single relationship. I look horrendous and deformed, so I don't blame a single woman for not as much as looking in my direction. That's fine. I wouldn't want to be with myself too, why would anyone else?
I tried signing up for a psychology doctor (? I'm not sure what're they called in english properly), but all those I tried were unhelpful garbage that just looked at me with empty eyes waiting until the official time to spend with a patient would run out. I gave up on the ordeal, it's not like I can afford a good private one.

Later down the line the annoyance started settling in. I've technically had friends on the internet, but I stopped existing in their lives the second I stopped posting. Almost none of them noticed when I was hospitalized for a month. You'd think someone would notice if you were suddenly gone for weeks without notice, but I guess not. Being invisible IRL seeped into being invisible on the internet as well. Superpowers, yo. Hollywood movies made that look a lot more interesting than they turned out to be in real life.
I found some like-minded people that also never had a person they could really call a friend, say that they loved someone or were loved back at any point in their life, but most of them are gone now. Some of them left this world in peace and I used to envy them greatly. It weighs down on you that in dozens of years of being alive not one single being outside of your family has considered you attractive or worth talking to despite trying to go to libraries, uni clubs, just walking around outside or trying to read in a park only to be told to get the hell out and stop being creepy. It's fine too, I know I'm a failure and that I ultimately fucked up everything that ever happened in my life. 

I used to work on a dead end kinda job for a while after finishing university just to get by with bills and food. Mind-numbing waste of time.
A few days ago I feel like something flipped a switch inside of me. I'm finally ready to go and it feels very relaxing, like a breath of fresh air after being locked up in a cellar for years, which is pretty close to reality. Sucks that I've pulled the short straw and couldn't make it any longer with my own effort. Maybe things would be different if there was a support pillar of some sort to hang on to rather just crawling around on the floor trying to get places.

I'm closing up all accounts I've had on all services. One of my uni "acquaintances" provided me with materials to go to sleep. I paid for all the debts I've had at any point. One of the things I wanted to do is to post my small life story on the internet. Nothing is truly lost on the internet. This is about as much of a difference as I'll ever make for the planet.

I don't use reddit normally and you don't have to reply, I just wanted to post this somewhere so it'd get archived and maybe remembered by one person out there for at least 20 minutes or so. That'd be great, that's more than I could ever ask for. 

I still have some preparations left, but it shouldn't be long now - finalizing some papers.

Thank you. I'll be going now.