Long rantBoyfriend and I broke up this morning. We break up all the time and it always just gets uglier and I can't handle it anymore. I found lipstick in between his sofa cushions and wasn't really talking to him last night. He thought I ignored him all night and that it meant something when I packed up all my things (I don't live there, I pack up every morning and it didn't mean anything). I know his big issue was he thought I was still giving him the silent treatment and being distant. I didn't understand what was going on in his head because I might have gone to bed in a mood but I woke up this morning forehead-forhead nuzzling him and holding hands, he was in all of my dreams last night and I woke up feeling better about everything. He was probably asleep and didn't know I wasn't distant all night.
Doesn't matter now really. He didn't speak to me in the car, I could see him going into his phone to block me and change his number, he snubbed me at the drive thru when he got his usual coffee order without mine and when he did start talking to me he told me he wasn't going to pay me $250 like he owes me on payday and I freaked out. He knows how bad I need it, I'm going to be homeless in ten days and the plan was to live with him but we can never make it work. I lost my job because of him, then my apartment, all of my friends. The place I'm staying now is temporary because the lease holder is moving. I'm stressed to the maximum I can handle every single day and he just keeps fucking with me. He knows I'm relying on that money and it would scare me not to get it back. I snapped and I hit him. We were parked and I'm not proud of it or anything, but I felt like that's the reaction he was trying to get out of me anyway. Then he dumped his coffee all over me and my laptop and went to work. 
After I was crying and trying to calm down he told me he wouldn't want me because "look at you"

That's the worst thing because I know how far I've fallen since this relationship. I went from happy and independent to homeless, jobless, friendless and scared every day and I'm on meds to handle the depression and anxiety.
He couldn't have ruined my life more if he tried, and I'm doubtful ruining me isn't his favorite hobby. I just don't have the energy to keep picking up the pieces because he always come back, always sweet always promising everything I wanted, and then when he's taken all my money and wasted my time, he starts a huge fight/break up and goes no contact.
I was losing my fucking mind and now I just think I've lost it and it's not coming back. Already had a suicide plan for months, I'm just going to sleep all day and if I feel the same when I wake up I'm just doing it.
He knows how much he hurts me all the time and he doesn't care. He tells me to do it, he tells me if he had the chance to stop me he'd let me die. And I can't handle this tug of war anymore, he plays to all of my lovey feelings when it suits him and throws me away when it doesn't. Nobody has ever really showed me how little my life means like this and I really do feel worthless
