Help me. Please.Made this behind a throwaway, but here goes. I needed to open up somewhere. I might answer or might not to people commenting, depending on my mood and whether I can bring myself to do anything but to stare at the wall but rest assured I plan on staying alive, atleast for a little while longer.

Background: I am a young adult male, somewhere in the Europe who has lived with mental health issues for the entirety of his life, along with coming from extreme (well, extreme for western standards) poverty, lack of a father figure (my mother kept changing men like they are socks) and I've been physically and emotionally abused as a child extremely. Beaten up, spit on, the list goes on. Never anything sexual though. My mother has extreme bipolar disorder, hence the shitty things she has done. She has gotten better as of the past years though.

I have a brother, and two sisters. All of us are more or less depressed, except the youngest one since she has got to live a semi-stable family life with my ''new'' stepdad of 10 years. All of us 3 older ones are of similar age, between 20 and 25 so we grew up together, while the youngest one is just past 10. Since I was the youngest one of us older children, I was the one who had to deal with the most shit. My older siblings beating me up daily (to deal with depression? to deal with mother beating them?) while also my mother doing it to me.

How am I right now?: I've lost everything I've cared for in life, my best friend committed suicide a few years back when I was about 15, then my girlfriend left me due to my mental health issues, then I turned into drugs and alcohol, and then my dog of 10 years died. I attempted suicide about a year ago or so and was deemed clinically dead, but CPR brought me back.

I got locked up in a mental institute for months, which most of the time I spent self studying and contemplating during my free time. I got diagnosed with Not specified bipolar disorder, Anxiety disorder, schizophrenia (albeit mild), and a stress disorder.

I guess I should also add something positive here aswell;

I've managed to get rid off drugs and alcohol near completely, mostly using them only recretionally nowadays instead of burying my depression in them.

Also I apologise for terrible English, spelling and punctuation. I am extremely down right now and English is not my native language.

EDIT: I am logging off for now, I might come and see if someone will still say something later on though.