Feeling Isolated and Seeking HelpFor starters, this is a throwaway account. I follow this subreddit and even comment at times, but I haven’t posted under that account.

I’m worried because my depression is getting drastically worse. I’ve dealt with it for most of my life, but these last few months, it’s gotten much worse than ever before. It’s to the point now that I think about killing myself multiple times a day. I used to have a painless method in mind, but now all I focus on is what’s available and just making sure it’s not something I can survive. I’m troubled enough; I don’t want to have to live with the knowledge that I tried to kill myself and survived. If I hit that breaking point, I want it to be final.

I’ve lost a lot of friends over the last year. I’ve tried to finally embrace my depression and seek professional help. I tried to reach out to friends, but several of my closest friends weren’t supportive. I still have a few left, but I feel like I keep pushing people away and my world is getting smaller and smaller. I don't try to push people away, but I guess people aren't used to seeing me in a vulnerable state and many of them don't react well. I want to reach out to the few friends I have left for help, but I worry I have put too much on them. Even when they’re supportive, I just feel guilty. Like I am burdening them with my troubles. Part of me feels like, since I’ve never actually attempted suicide yet, that I shouldn’t bring it up because I don’t know if I have it in me to follow through with it. But I feel like I do. And I feel like I’m closer than ever. And I feel like this idea that my concerns aren’t valid until I actually attempt suicide just seems like I’m challenging myself to do it. I’ve tested the waters, so to speak, but never taken the plunge. I feel bad when I talk to people about my depression because people want you to get better and I don’t know if that’s even possible. One friend told me I wasn’t me anymore. But maybe I never was the person they thought I was.

I don’t necessarily want to die. I would love for my life to get better and for me to be happy again, but I’ve lost sight of what happy even looks like. I don’t even know if it’s possible at this point. Holding on just seems like I’m living without purpose. I believe I am a good person and try to help people, but it’s gotten to the point where I can barely take care of myself at this point. I’m not good to anyone any more. I feel like I’m only hanging on because that’s what people do. We survive for the sake of survival. Even if it doesn’t lead to our lives meaning anything.

Thank you to anyone that reads or responds to this. I want to be grateful to the few people that still care about me, but talking to my friends just makes me feel guilty and that makes me feel worse.