I'm tired of thisI have no one to talk to in real life, and I figure at least this way I could get my thoughts out before I make any decision but here goes.

I've been down for a while, even before COVID, but that was due to a plethora of factors. For one, I realize that for me, I've given up on establishing connections with people. My parents never understood, nor bothered to realize that anything was wrong because they were always busy taking care of other family members. I genuinely cannot connect with people and it's not a matter of trying. My mom would always compare me to my cousins or other girls who were social and keep making comments like "Why don't you have friends? What's wrong with you?" I figure it's less painful to forgo the  process entirely as opposed to eventually either be used or made fun of by others. Can't regret things this way, haha.

I didn't want to go to my current university or study my current major. When I came in, my intent was to pick an "easier" major because my top choice after college was heavily GPA focused, and just take whatever prereqs I needed later on. I didn't get that choice. When I brought it up, my mom, and even my dad kept talking about how it would be useless and I wouldn't get a job. My current major was picked by mom because *she* wanted to pursue it due to a family tragedy. She picked my extracurriculars, because *she* picked my backup career. Only problem is that I don't have the personality or patience for it. My college? My parents wouldn't let me go away from home because they wanted me in the area.

This next thing is my total fault, but I never realized I had a bad attention span. Like, I could b.s. my way through classes when I was younger due to my memory, but in college it started to cause big issues. I would sit for five hours and not be able to process things. I brought up these concerns to my mom who just told me I was "lazy" so I felt embarrassed and only tried harder. Obviously that didn't do anything, and I ended up ruining my earlier classes. It wasn't until I got treatment where I realized that when treated for it, I could actually get shit done pretty fast without as many errors. Only catch is that it's too late for me which brings me to my next point.

I've already mentioned I given up on the social side of things. These past few years, I've been obsessively trying to pursue something for two reasons. For one, I was always compared against family and pressured into this career path when I was younger. But more importantly, I actually wanted to pursue it. Considering I hate my university and would rather walk into traffic right now versus receive further schooling in the major that I hate, this career path would've permit me to do something I think is cool while simultaneously giving me a solid reason to always be busy. 

Only problem is is that things are ruined beyond repair. I hate to admit it, but I idolized someone I was always compared to when I was little. She was athletic, I managed to fracture a foot *walking*. She had many, many friends, I cannot name a single one. She was smarter, I not only went into college wanting to pursue her major, heck her minor (which I was rejected from). But she managed to get into the only club I wanted to get into at my campus which rejected me 4x! The first three I kept getting further in the interview to only naturally be rejected because as a fucking autistic I'm compared to people that have much, much better interviewing skills. 

She went into my dream school, I couldn't give a shit about ranking, I just wanted that place because I idolized that city when I was younger because I figured it's filled with freaks and maybe I'd fit in by comparison. In terms of research, she got to get into the lab under the PI that everyone wanted, I got a PI that would make fun of the way I talked, mimic me, call me stupid, and compared my expression to a dog. I switched labs solely for the intent of getting a letter of rec and I figured that due to their subject topic, they'd have to be nicer-------boy was I wrong. Not only did my three supervisors treat me with micro-aggressions, not only did another supervisor purposely retain me within the program due to having Aspergers, but even when I asked if I could continue volunteering remotely (I was denied), I wasn't given the letter of rec because my "time was cut short for things out of my control." 

If that's not bad enough, what's the probability of falling into the application cycle that corona affected? Not only can I not study at home because my family members blast music to help a family members condition, to the detriment of my ability to study. But a ton of news sources are saying that the professional school process for this program has gotten and in future cycles, will only be more and more difficult.

This was when I realized that life isn't worth living, at least for someone like me. The only thing I wanted in life was snatched from my grasp yet again. Not only did my parents, particularly my mom, not believe in me throughout this process. I was constantly put down and reminded my cousins are smarter. But now, I genuinely have no hope. It's not a matter of retrying, this particular cycle was my only opportunity to be able to move out from my parents house on time. I already have no friends and have been taken advantage of or bullied by people throughout my life. Now that the only thing that gave me purpose has been snatched, I realize that for me, I'm genuinely tired of this, more so than I ever have within my life. The sad thing is that writing this I omitted so many damn tragedies that happened these past few years. This isn't life, for me this is a living hell.