someone please read this and talk to me before i go insaneI hate being alive. At times, it’s great and I wish I could take back every time I said that I wanted to die, but it never lasts.

I’m completely alone. I’m sure there are people out there that are lonelier than me, but I’m getting there. I used to be social and happy but due to a cocktail of circumstances I had no control over, I ended up developing social anxiety around 12ish and began to isolate myself. It was okay at first. Lonely and uncomfortable, but I had a group of friends that stuck with me. Unfortunately, those friends all left and for the past 3 years, I’ve had one very good friend, aside from a couple acquaintances I talk to in class. I guess I’m lucky to have someone, but no matter how close we are it doesn’t make up or the lack of social warmth everywhere else.

My family is a whole other story. I’m an only child and live with both of my parents - I’m 16, by the way. My dad is an alcoholic. I love him and feel bad for him, but I can’t afford to care anymore. He’s been this way since I was 10 and no matter how many times he promises to stop, he never does. My dad is gone and he’s never coming back. 

Maybe it would be more bearable if I had a mother who was actually there for me. Not to say that my mother doesn’t care - she does, I’m easily the most important thing in her life, but she’s completely emotionally unavailable. I don’t know why, but regardless of how much she cares, she’s unable to express it very well. Intensely private, too. I guess I learned that from her.

It’s hard to explain the relationship I have with her, but I love her very much. The only reason I’m still alive is because I couldn’t stand to hurt her. Regardless, I’m alone. Alone, alone, alone.

It could be a lot worse. I could have been sexually abused, physichally abused, kicked out, bullied at school - objectively, I have it pretty easy, but when both your home, school and social life are complete and utter shit, you begin to break down. You have nowhere to go.

I do have internet friends and they’re all very close. They’re the only people that I feel comfortable talking to about anything and everything, crying to them over Skype and all that, but it will never replace real life friendships. No matter how much time I spend sitting in front of the computer screen, I’ll always be lacking that certain social warmth that I haven’t felt in so long.

I went to therapy and am technically still going, but it’s been useless. My therapist is nice and well meaning, but she’s at her wits end with me. She doesn’t know what to do. After a particularly bad day, I booked a last minute appointment and showed up crying, announced that I wanted to die - and what did she do? She looked me in the eyes and asked, “Well, what do you want me to do?”

Not even professionals can help me.

“Anxiety” seems like such a simple thing; nothing more than a habit of worrying too much about things that don’t matter, but when you live it every single day you come to realize that no, it’s much more than that. My anxiety isn’t worrying about grades or money, and at least for me, it isn’t about feeling on edge all of the time. It’s about bowing my head in shame when I walk past someone, feeling as if I’m unworthy of looking anyone in the eye because I’m not a human being: I’m a beast, an animal, sub-human garbage - something along those lines, anyway.

My anxiety is wanting to be with other people more than anything else, but after having grown up with a shattered sense of self-esteem and being taught that I’m nothing, it seems impossible. It doesn’t matter that I relate to people or that I do in fact have decent social skills because deep down, I’m hurt and I’m afraid and it took so long for someone to notice that there’s no going back. At this point, I’m almost positive that I’ll never be able to relax around another person again. I’ll never be able to stop wondering whether or not they like me, whether or not I’m good enough. It just never fucking ends.

Self-hatred is such a deep rooted thing. It starts when you’re young and your mother says something hurtful, but if you’re lucky, you have someone there to tell you that it isn’t true and that you are in fact worth something. If not, then it lays dormant until your dad starts drinking again and you wonder if it’s your fault. You grow older. You’re a teenager now and like any other, you’re insecure. You feel ugly, but there’s no one there to tell you that you’re not. You carry on with your life and although you don’t particularly like yourself, you’re able to move on - that is, until everyone around you starts growing, branching off, finding jobs, finding boyfriends, becoming beautiful and you’re left all alone once again, but this time you’re old enough to know that it won’t pass. You know why it happened, you’re intelligent enough to understand but it doesn’t matter because no one can make it alone.

And when you’re so used to being alone, you don’t know how to be with other people anymore. You can interact with them on a superficial level, as shy as you might be, but they will never know who you really are because inside, you are nothing but shame and despite being surrounded with people, you’re lonely and you hate yourself and you want to fucking die.

That’s me. That’s my life. I’m probably not making sense anymore, but I really don’t know how else to convey just how goddamn lonely I am. I thought that maybe it wasn’t too late, maybe I would be able to heal myself and move on and one day, I’d appreciate being alive, but no. Each day it becomes more and more apparent that I’m fucked and that leaving early would be in my best interest.

Do you know how much it hurts to see your best friend grow up beautiful and smart and intelligent and capable while you look like a rotting pile of shit and are unable to function due to how cripplingly depressed you are? I’m at an age where I should be worrying about my grades, boys, normal teenage things, but instead I lay in bed and think about how nice it would be to just fade away.

It doesn’t matter that I have good days; days where I cruise along the highway with my best friend, feeling pretty for once and thinking that yes, maybe I really do have a future, because when I wake up the next morning to the smell of alcohol and my dad’s chain smoking, I remember precisely why I want to die.

But here’s the thing: I don’t want to die, no matter how many times I’ve said it. Even if I were in a position where I was alone and truly no one would care, I don’t think I could do it. I just want to be happy or to have someone that cares and as hopeless as it seems, I can’t let go.

I’m at a point where I’m so desperate for someone to listen and care and understand that I’ve stopped doing any schoolwork. It’s a pathetic reach, but I want one of my teachers to notice. I just want someone to care. I don’t want to be alone anymore. I want to cry on someone’s shoulder for the first time in my life and maybe then the self hatred will start to dissipate.

All I know is that I can’t keep it to myself anymore and if that means posting this on Reddit for other suicidal people to read and probably not respond, then so be it.

I feel like I'm going crazy, please help. 