I want to die but I'm not going to hurt myself. How do I shut my brain up?I just posted this in r/depression but I think this might be a better place for it. There's a TL;DR at the end if this is too much text

I have had depression for a very long time and I just started seeing someone. I am trying to get help and improve. Today I was even able to sit down and get some work done which was a huge deal to me, because I have been extremely low this week with a huge breakdown yesterday and a few really shitty things just happened. Then today I found out that I have to resign from an organization because of poor grades, and honestly this organization has been the only thing getting me out of bed in the morning and the only thing I find myself looking forward to. The board that had to do it was very kind, they didn't want to but they have to follow the rules. They were all crying too and they wished there was something they could do.
I cried so hard I made myself physically sick, something I haven't done since I found out my mom had a brain tumor. She's fine now by the way, and part of the reason I know I can't/won't hurt myself.
Even at my lowest, and I have hit some pretty bad lows, I wasn't really thinking about suicide. I am a really logical person, and even when I had those thoughts in passing I was always able to make them go away and reason myself out of it so I would stop thinking about it. I certainly never said it out loud. But today when I was crying in the bathroom, I said to outloud for the first time "I want to die."
I know for a fact I will not act on this feeling. I cannot do that to the people who love me (I am so god damn lucky to have them), and logically I understand the world isn't a better place without me, me dying will do more harm than good and all those other sort of platitudes that people tell those who are suicidal. I just... can't stop thinking it. It's a constant refrain in my head playing over and over and over.
I am so scared because these thoughts keep coming into my head and I have no control over it I can't stop them and I can't act on them what can I do?

TL;DR Shit has happened, I am not going to do anything to hurt myself because I KNOW I have a lot to live for, but I still can't stop thinking "I want to die" over and over