I don't know what to doI tend to...go on for a while so avoid if you don't like long stories.  I just want to write down my story I guess, so it doesn't really matter if anyone reads past this. This will probably be long enough to be a book...

I've had depression since I was about 12(21 now). I was on antidepressants until I was 15 I think, but I got into a relationship that made me really happy and everything felt quite a lot better, so I didn't feel the need to take them anymore. Honestly the medication never really made me feel any better. It became a long distance thing at 17 when he moved away. I didn't really mind so much. We were kind of sexual but we found a nice way to cope with the distance. We wrote stories together about characters we made up. I know it's weird and pathetic, but we were both creative and liked writing, so it just...worked. We really grew to love our characters over time and they felt like another family. He never wanted kids before, but after years of writing about a happy family with happy kids he wanted some of for ourselves when we finally came back together. 

We made a mutual friend online on a forum, and the three of us did everything together. Andy, said friend, was the best friend I'd ever had. I told both of them everything. I never felt judged or like I couldn't say something serious if I needed to, even if we were in the middle of some casual gaming or whatever. When I was 18, I went to college. My boyfriend, I'll call him K, had dropped out of high school and was pretty much bumming at his dad's house. I wanted to help him study and get a GED to go to a tech school, but it never came together. 

Anyway. I had a great affinity for healing people in many ways, mainly due to a history of difficult physical ailments in my family. Little brother was born with several airway complications, and by the time that was solved, he had been diagnosed with type 1 diabetes. Seeing him live his whole life around wonderfully supportive and knowledgeable nurses and doctors gave me a passion for medicine, so I aspired to become a doctor. 

I went to college across the state. The state is Tennessee, so it was quite a long way, about seven hours from one home to school. It was tough to travel so far every time I wanted to visit home, but I didn't mind the quiet solitude, as long as I had loving messages and calls on my phone to my boyfriend throughout the trip(I know, texting and driving is bad, but I'm irresponsible). To make a complicated year shorter, I basically failed half of my classes and dropped out. I was pretty broken up, I cried a lot, but it didn't hurt my heart like some other things I'll go over in this. I had Andre and K to make me feel happy. 

My parents helped me to get a job at a Boy Scout summer camp as the camp's shotgun instructor. I shot competitively in high school and I love teaching kids, so I was a good fit for the position. There was little to no phone reception at the camp, and I was scheduled to be there for two months, so my relationship with K became strained. I connected to wifi to talk to him whenever I could, but he became less and less interested in doing so, until he finally broke up with me. It hurt, but between new friends I'd made in the camp staff and Andy, I had a lot of people to talk me through it. Eventually I started to feel the depression creeping back. About a week after K broke up with me I decided to kill myself. It was overwhelmingly painful, but now I realize that my friends should have been enough. They cared about me and all I did was ruin my relationships with them. 

I got a hotel room on my day off from camp and decided to send Andy a last message. I didn't really want him to message back but he did. He basically told me that if I tried to talk to him again about my depression or suicide that he would stop talking to me. I told him that my mind had been made up. I didn't really hear from him again after that. 

I tried to kill myself but I couldn't go through with it. Cold feet I suppose. The rest of camp came and went, and I felt thoroughly empty. When I got home, K messaged me. He said Andy had told him about what happened, and he hoped I was okay. I told him I wasn't really and that I missed him. He said he'd moved on and already had someone else, so I just...stopped talking to him for a day or two. We messaged on Steam a lot since we did so much gaming, so I left him on my friend list. I don't really know why. 

Two nights later I woke up and opened my laptop just in time to see him saying that he needed me and that he regretted hurting me. I have no integrity and was desperate to have even a bit of my old happy life back, so I took him back. 

Skip ahead a bit. I start back to school in my hometown with a bit lower standards of myself. I opted to go for nursing instead of full blown doctor, mainly because it seemed to be an easier and shorter course load. I regret to say that I forget the timeline a bit, but my mother got breast cancer at some point after I got home. I wasn't too affected. She had ovarian cancer before when I was much younger, and I took care of her. I was prepared to do the same. The first time, my little brother was too young to even fend for himself, and my older brother was already gone to college. With my dad frequently away from home for work, I was the only one really able to care for her. This time it was easier. Little brother was about 16 so he was able to share the load. 

I continued school, mom continued treatment, and eventually she beat it. All of her repeated check ups were negative(meaning no cancer), so she opted not to get a mastectomy. I doubted her decision but decided it wasn't my place. Life was returning to normal, and aside from the odd lonely feeling when K wasn't home, I felt good and happy. 

The slippery slope started in October of 2016. K found yet another "new love" and told me about it. He assured me, however, that it would pass and he still loved me and wanted to stay together. I know I should have left him then, but again, weak and desperate. Of course it didn't pan out. I had a bit of a breakdown one night and told him I was going to kill myself if he didn't stop talking to this new person now. He didn't. I tried. Too scared again. He broke up with me later that day. 

Not only did I lose my boyfriend, whom I loved and still do, but I lost all the characters and the world we'd created together that I loved. I felt physically ill for about a week before actually getting a severe middle ear infection. Luckily that meant that I was able to get a prescription for very strong pain medication. I was very loopy and very lonely. I'd reconnected with some old friends from my home town, needing anything to take my mind off of everything. One of them, I'll call him J, kept me company while I was sick. I've known him for almost 20 years now. I love him like a brother.

Anyway, I held it together with the help of my friends and started to slowly feel better about my break up. Life went on until about two months ago. My mother discovered that her cancer was back. She assured me that it wasn't deadly and affected no major organs, but it likely wasn't going away. My younger brother and I took her to all of her appointments and check ups until she and her doctor could come up with a plan. During one of the last ones, I decided to go into the exam room with her. This was a mistake. The doctor said it was in her brain. 

The tumors in her brain are severely affecting her motor functions, and would progress further without quick treatment. She is basically unable to function on her own at this point. I've been very close to my mother for my whole life. 

I know she is dying. I know I have the same genetics that cause the abundance of cancer. I know that I wish things would be happy and "normal" again, and I know they won't. I know that suicide sounds very very nice, and I know I probably can't even get it done. I've pushed most of my friends and loved ones away at this point. I didn't mean to, but that's what's happened. I can't talk about these things, and my endless attempts to put on a smile to avoid another situation like the one with Andy have only made me feel worse. I love J and my other friend, but they would never understand the way I feel. They're not the talk about everything with each other, loving and supportive type of friends. I turned 21 this year and alcohol and the occasional oxy pill left over from my illness last year has helped a bit, but not enough. I feel well and truly alone. I know my family needs me, and I'm important to a few people, but my selfish heart wants to stop beating. 

If anyone read this far I sincerely thank you. I do not have words enough to thank you.