Do i really have a real problem?So here i am. I was not really sure about writing here because i wasn't actually sure if it was something bad enough to read it. If it goes long my apologies to you.

I am a 20 years old male college student, currently studying engeneering. Don't want to show off or anything, after all it's something that a lot of people do, but just wanted to give a little background of who i am.

I have been always a person with low-self steem. Since i have an addiction that i keep hidden from most people (not drugs, alcohol or any sort of thing that takes money) i kind of keep telling myself that i am not enough for the things that i have, that i am not worth for the people that i know, i'm not worth for family or whatever i have made in life. And often too, i keep telling myself that i should have died from the day i was born.

Often then, when something goes bad, when i am rude to people or i have been acting in a way that i consider that i was an idiot. I just ask myself "Why aren't you dead yet?" and each time i find harder to answer that cuestion with something that makes me want to go on.

"She or they would be better if you have never been there", "why don't you just end it all" or "you are repulsive" are some of the things that i keep thinking and telling myself. Often, i can avoid those toughts by just listening to music or finding something to entretain me, but lately i lack of motivation to do anything, i feel more lonely and these toughts are harder to avoid. What used to make stop thinking about it in the past doesn't work anymore.

Only one friend knows a part of this. I needed to told somebody one time i started to cry and tell "i can't do this anymore" to myself. In that moment i admit that i really wanted to end it all. 

Luckily (i guess) i didn't, but i still sometimes want to just end with the loneliness, with the pain, with the toughts. Sometimes i feel that the only way to fix it is by shutting it down, it all at once.

My friend told me that i needed help and should go to a psychologist and get some help, but i don't get a good feeling about telling about my problems to somebody that i don't know, worrying my family and i'm not even sure if this is a real case of depression or is just me wanting attention from somebody, even tought i just have told one person so far and i don't touch the subject so i don't worry that person.

I don't want to worry my family about it, but sometimes i don't know what to do with myself. I think about suicide sometimes, but i don't want anyone bugging my family with that thing. That, is the only reason i find i'm still here.

When i'm with other people it's all just great, but when i'm alone it all comes down at once. I can't sleep in the nights, and i'm tired in the day, my adiction takes more and more of me everytime and i just feel that i can not deal with it. I should be thankful, but sometimes i don't know what to do.

Sometimes i just want a friend to talk, but i don't want anyone to worry about myself either. I just want people to be happy and stuff and me to be in my world.

I don't know if this is the normal, so if you could give me a hand with that, it would be very thankful.

Thank you for your time if you have made it to this point, and wish you a nice day.

I don't write more because it would be too much, but i'm open to answer any questions if you want to. Again, thank you.

