Does Planning A Suicide 5 Years Out Make Me A Sociopath?Throwaway Account Here.

I have decided to kill myself - Not a question, but rather a fact that will happen. However, instead of doing it randomly or out of some emotional state, I have decided to do it because I am bored (Lazy?) and just honestly don't want to deal with life anymore. I do, however, want to avoid being a problem to my family. I have some debts (credit cards, car, and student loans) that I want to pay off first as well as raising enough to pay for my own funeral and cremation so my family will not have to pay a dime. I have estimated it will take about 5 years for me to complete all these with this being my single focus in what is left in my life. 

  
My question is, does this make me a sociopath? I feel no negative emotions when I think about it, and honestly, I just feel revealed that I have a goal I am working towards that I actually care about for once. I am not an underprivileged person and have had lots of chances to connect with people and find passions and hobbies. They all seem horribly boring and not worth putting in the effort for. I find myself regularly wondering why I am doing something. Why do the dishes when they will just get dirty again ? I switched to paper and plastic utensils and plates. Why put in the effort to maintain relationships and find new ones when it is so much work? I have, fairly successfully broken ties with everyone, allowing for time with family or important friends a couple times a month. My answer to all of this was to plan my own suicide 5 years from now. Nothing extravagant or anything, just buy a gun in the next 2 years and 3 years after put a bullet in my head. I am not trying to make a point or make someone feel bad about me being gone, I am just tired and I don't want to do it anymore.  


With all this being said, you may be wondering why I would be willing to work and earn the money to pay off my debts before doing it. My answer to that is that I may not care about myself at all, but I do still care about my family and their well being. I don't want to put them in any additional hardships past what I already plan to do.   


So - this has been much longer than I thought it would be, but would this make me a sociopath or is there a term for it? Maybe something for being emotionally dead towards yourself, feeling bored with life, or tired with everything and just wanting it all to stop?  


Thanks, and may your lives be more fulfilling than mine!