I'm not suicidal anymore, and sometimes I feel like that's worse.Two years ago to date, something happened that threw my entire life into a tailspin. I don't care too much to go into details, but it was the first time I ever felt genuinely suicidal. I remember one day thinking that I was going to jump off the the city's iconic bridge - and coming this close to actually doing it. I had to clutch the pillars at train stations so I wouldn't leap in front of an incoming subway car. 

That was two years ago, and I can say that I am no longer suicidal. 

But I am still deeply depressed. And sometimes, I wonder if thinking rationally enough to know that suicide is not an option is a worse place to be. At least when I was suicidal, there was a hope, false, stupid, or otherwise, that I could just end it all. Turn off all the pain, and just give up. It was a foolproof last-ditch option to make everything just go away. 

I think about suicide often, and knowing that it is not an "option" makes everything feel that much worse. 

I mentioned that something happened that threw my entire life off track. I think the main reason my depression has returned is because I feel that I still haven't managed to get everything together. I feel that I missed a ton of opportunities during my darkest days, and I can't shake off the feeling that I'm just stuck and will never be able to get un-stuck. 

It's frustrating because I feel no one really understands what I mean when I feel that I'm stuck. I put up a brave face when I go out every single day, and I have the credentials and experience to back it. I recently graduated from what has somehow now become the country's most exclusive university. I have a history of great professional work and accomplishments.

But my life is an absolute mess. I've let my health deteriorate so much. I feel isolated from the few friends I have and self-doubt keeps me from making new friends. I've put myself in an incredibly stressful job in exchange for nearly half of what I was making at my comparably less stressful, and perhaps more boring but certainly more stable previous job. I like to make plans, but realized last month I have no fucking clue what my life is going to look like. I've missed out on so many opportunities during my darkest days - opportunities I will probably never get back. I find myself wanting to burst into tears at work, but have at least a modicum of self-control to wait until I get home. I used to self-medicate with alcohol, but even that doesn't work anymore. I do not have ready access to psychological care, and I cannot see myself getting prescribed antidepressants again. I think I've developed an unrequited crush for one of my co-workers that is close to becoming an unhealthy obsession. I don't know what to do anymore, and I have always been known as the person who knows what to do in every situation. 

My life is an absolute mess, and the one option I used to have - ending it all - is no longer an option. And I can't help but feel this makes everything that much worse. 
