dont really care about anything anymoreI feel more apathetic rather than depressed. Everyday feels like im dragging myself on the floor just to show my parents im still alive. It feels like my whole life has been such a waste. I made mostly no friends through my school years, got above average grades until I got to the end of high school and failed almost all my courses. Because of that im a butt ton of credits short from finishing. I think it was the pressure to go to university just because its university , even though I didn’t want to. At the time I wanted to do something in art but everyone kept saying ill make no money and that I have to extra talented to actually make it. I guess it didn’t really help that I felt the stupid, quiet kid with no friends at the time. I want to talk to my parents about it but the last time I did, I feel like they didn’t really listen and all they was sent me to a therapist to deal with it so they didn’t have to. I could also talk to my sister but to be honest she feels more like a stranger since she always busy with her boyfriend and university homework. The other day I tried to talk to her while she playing video games with her boyfriend but it felt like she wanted me to leave. Maybe it was my fault she didn’t want me there since they were having their personal time together. It just feels like she only reason she sees me once in a while is to feel better about herself. I mean who else wouldn’t feel better about themselves after seeing a high school dropout who’s complete NEET with no hobbies or talents. Well  at least now I have some online friends I hang out with on the weekends but it feels like I only go with them to distract myself from what a failure I am. Well at least by hanging out with them I found out I make some pretty good desserts since we all bring food to eat. It probably sounds like im complaining about my life and i probably am. i guess i just needed to vent it all out i guess, it just feels why bother with anything when my life feels like shit.