I'm a waste of human life, why shouldn't I do it?I wanted to get off my chest behind a mask that nobody could point out to me. I'm a walking pile of shit that honestly should be publicly executed for being such a degenerate. I don't know where to start with, but the organization of this is going to be awful and ranty, I want to get the full details of how much of a piece of shit person I am. First off I am a lying cunt. Now its not really bad except when it comes to my parents that I still live with as a 21 year old. I lie to them virtually about everything and they have no idea what their son is becoming. They used to rule me with an iron fist, but after attempting suicide their tune has changed where they don't mess me with me now. I've attempted suicide multiple times, I really regret failing, would of done the whole world a favor. I'm in college classes and have been for a couple years, I seem to pass a class then fail a class. My parents who are paying for my school have no idea I ever failed a single one, I just lie about degree reqs and what classes I'm taking, they don't know that I'm actually taking english 121 for the third time not taking english 122. I keep telling myself I'll get my grades together, but I never do because I'm too much of a piece of shit to do my school work or to show up to fucking class. No I'd rather sit at home all day in front of the computer whining to reddit how much the world is a big meanie to me. Speaking of sitting at home, my room hasn't been cleaned in over two years. Its a pig sty with garbage all over the place. My bathroom is the place of nightmares, a god awful odor looms over the gross scum and mold from not cleaning it over a year. I work a dead end retail job that doesn't make enough money for what I want, so sometimes I'll steal my moms card to have her pay for gas this week, so I can have a little extra money to buy what I want. What do I buy? Oh I buy drugs. Pot and acid are the only things that make me happy. I abuse LSD. If I have the supply I will drop it twice a week. I'm so pathetic that I cry all the time about not getting a girlfriend. Hearing my description, its not a surprise anyone would date me, and thats not factoring the facts that I'm ugly and bipolar. It drives me so mad that I can't get a girl when its pretty fucking obvious why I can't. I cry myself to sleep over it all the time. I have a bed sheet that I folded up into the shape of a woman and I pretend it's my girlfriend, I name her Sierra. On top of this I masturbate a ridiculous amount of times, 3+ times a day is the norm. All I ever do in my free time is do drugs and stare at my computer screen, or hang out with friends and do drugs and stare at my computer screen with them. I have lots of debt from the mental hospital and I'm already behind paying it off because I spend my money on drugs. I have a warrant for my arrest that I was supposed to take care of in July. My drivers license expired in June, I doubt I'll take care of it anytime soon. I have no work ethic, I'm a lazy fuck. TL;Dr: I'm a walking piece of shit, why shouldn't I kill myself?