Suicidal thoughts are relatively new to me, figured I would post hereThough I would post here because I have been thinking about it everyday for a few months. Option 1 is carry on like this forever. Option 2 is try to do things to better myself like get a new job, but thoughts like that give me a very violent "I should just end it then", because that stuff is just too hard for me, which takes me to option 3, suicide.

I don't actually want to die, not really, it's like my mind is going, "well here is a way out, consider me". The thoughts are pounding at the door so to speak and I am just kind of staying still and staring at the door. I wrote a suicide note yesterday and cried my eyes out for the first time in a while but I started getting really frightened that I was "initiating a plan" so I stopped. It was like looking through the keyhole of that door so to speak

I try not to indulge the thoughts cos they give me shivers and make me feel extremely guilty. I do my best to ignore them, sometimes they pop up briefly like a "hey just do it" in such a casual way I can just ignore them, sometimes at the stupidest things, I put the wrong coffee in my cup the other day and said to myself "why the fuck havnt I done it yet" and I had to argue with myself for a bit and tell myself to shut up repeatedly. Other times it is pretty deep and frightening where I feel like it is a legitimate choice. I feel that at this moment in time I can just keep going listening the the thoughts each day with a great amount of certainty that I wont right now. I can't control the thoughts but I let them brush over me with a "not today demon" sort of attitude, I can't really describe it

I am just scared that this is the start of something ya know? Scared it will get worse like many people here, scared I will actually truly want to die at some point. Like when I look to my future I see that I am dead by suicide but right now at this time I am not letting my thoughts push me over the edge, the influence of the thoughts haven't trapped me yet, ya know? Like I can be objective and rational and dispel them with distractions but the thoughts still scare me deeply. I can't get help or therapy, my anxiety is too great, so I am just doing what I can to make sure I stay in this sort of not a major risk phase which is to not indulge them, so no more writing suicide notes etc. I don't want to be the guy who kill myself like I see in the future. Thanks for reading