The last hourI have stalked people.

I have harrased people.

I have threatened people.

I have threatened with terrorism.

I have bought stuff on someone else's name.

I have fought people.


Why? Bc I felt it was justified.
Some of them was, bit the majority of the moments it did not. Make the assumption everything is my mistake. Which it partly is.


I have stalked people over the accussation of stalking me, or for putting me as an example for thousand of followers. After I had send 2 polite emails. This happened in 2016. Ended up in me going crazy bc of other factors.

Made me harras him.


All the other victims have their own story. Who is right? Well, most of them.

Threatened people? What were the treaths? Killing, more stalking, manipulation, sharing info and abuse of info. Which also explains ID fraud.

threatened with terrorism?

I did this for a short while. Might have been from spring 2019 till spring 2020. Stopped doing bc the concept of hurting innocents seemed stupid. Also, I only want those that I feel like hurt me. But I did do it. I did threaten with it.

Fought people? Was it justified? Yes! Fighting off bullies, multiple counts of self defense. The last fight I had I was pushed to engage in and I lost and got embarrassed around the whole school. I want to beat that guy. I would be a bad person if I do that. Bc it's too extreme for a high school tragegy




I have been bullied, I have lost family, I have lost pets, Friends abandoned me, I abandoned friends, I have been lonely for a long time. Made me a bad person. I am political inbalanced. My problem is not being right. But being right and being an asshole.

I have been backstabbed a lot, have not had a actual hug from someone else than my dad for about 6 months. Before that the record was 3 years. Before that the record was 14 years. At least that's how it feels.

Now I have people who accept me, or at least shared fun moments with me. Those I consider real friends. My spirit will always be around them. Even some of them who decided to not be friends anymore. That's a reference to my old Serbian bro. At least he felt more like a bro than my bro. Haven't been friends with him since 2018. And damn, what do I miss that friendship. The friend which always had my back. And I always had his. The friend who has given me most of the nice childhood memories.

When my parents were fighting, talking about divorces. When everyone was so mad they stopped talkin/responding to me. He was there. 

However, him and the friends of today and everyone else in the world share 1 thing. They never come to me. And one moment they decide to dissapear. And I know it's bc of me. And not bc of every sin listed above. It happens out of nowhere. 

When I talk to them they will respond. I believe they care about me. But they forget about me as well. It doesn't matter. It's not a big issue.


I will always be on my own. No one got my back anymore.


As I am done writing this. It's possibly my last 39 minutes.

I need to be stopped. I have from 11 pm till 11 am to do it. So I can take the time to stay calm.


I just wanted to say what the reasons are for this decision. No one is to blame but the circumstances and myself.

At the start of 2020 I asked the question: Do I(19m) deserve to live?

Everyone said yes. But none of that is true. The post itself is gone. So does it's value. 

It's crazy how commited I am to do this. While I practically always reschedule. Rethink.

But nahh, I have almost 0 fear. I am emotionally and mentally able to do this.

I have till 22:00 in case anyone has to say something. I will be everybody's friend, son, nephew, grandson, co worker, enemy, whatever till then. After that, I am not capable of serving any of those aliases.

Might make a video about it like I claimed to. Might upload right away. Will upload from sip 1 till I can't upload. And some footage of how I handle it. This is so the haters who are right at hating me. Get to enjoy what they wish me.

Peace, I will read all the messages. 

30 minutes left...