No Difference If I Exist or NotI have been having a really hard time with quarantine. I moved back home to be with my parents and I'm an only child. Various family members have gotten sick with the virus and I feel so guilty that I want things to go back to normal because I can't take it like this anymore. It's gotten to the point that I'm just laying in bed crying for days.

I can't talk to my parents, they either don't believe in mental health issue or don't know how to deal with people who have them but I don't blame them, they're not mental health professionals. I've tried reaching out to my mom and she just tells me I would feel better if I stopped crying and got up and did things. Tonight I tried reaching out again but she mentioned how tired she was and I just told her it's okay and to go to bed.

My boyfriend and I were supposed to play videogames in the evening and he just didn't respond to my messages until moments ago apologising that he didn't see my messages while he was playing other games. He is also having a rough time with quarantine, but if someone cares about someone else then I figure they'd look at their phone once to see if they were contacted or not. He's not good with communicating.

I consistently reach out to friends during quarantine asking how they're doing. I have been having a very hard week and finally breaking down, and not one has reached out to me. It's okay, they might be busy so I still reached out tonight hoping one would reply when I need them. No one responded, except ny best friend hours after I had messaged her. She told me she's about to go to sleep and we'll talk tomorrow.

I tried to go use an online suicide hotline chat, and waited over an hour in queue. It's probably packed because of quarantine. Now that I'm in the chat it's telling me to log back in (which would reset my place in line), or just wait in an invisible queue? If this chat is even working/still active?

Everyone says to reach out, but no one really cares when I do. I feel like it wouldn't matter to anyone if I was here or not. My parents would be upset, but they'd be upset because they lost a child. They don't really care how unhappy I am, so long as I outwardly don't show it.