Trauma Changes PeopleI'm 18. My life has been very short, in the grand scheme of things, and in the eyes of most people, I haven't been around long enough to experience everything. You're right; I haven't experienced everything, but in my short 18, would you like to know what I've learned?

I fucking hate people. 

I was not always this way: cynical and cold. My life was tragic from the very start, with a shitty family life and tons of bullies at school, but, somehow, remained hopeful. I kept moving forward, despite everyone who screamed at me to give up. I persevered. My dad would beat me and emotionally demean me and verbally chastise me, but I persevered. My brother was an opioid, alcohol, and drug addict who caused our family nothing but problems, and often left me to pick up the messes that he always left behind, but I persevered. The bullies at my elementary school encouraged me to fucking kill myself and framed me for their wrongdoings, but I persevered. I remained optimistic through it all and never gave up, even in my darkest hours. But trauma changes people.

I encountered my first emotionally abusive friendship in sixth grade. 
Her name was P. Anything that I owned that she liked, she demanded in order to appease her sudden outbursts of anger. I have her everything because frankly, that was the only way I knew how to solve suche problems. After two years, though, I cut P off. 

Then I met A. 

Unbeknownst to me at the time, but A would spend the next five years of our friendship making me talk her off a ledge every single day, refusing to better herself in any possible way. She put an insurmountable weight on my shoulders: the weight of her very life. I had to choose every word like it'd be the last I spoke to her because it very well could have been. I had to know exactly what to say to her because my words were the only things that could presently reach her. I had to do this all on my own because the adults in both of our lives were unreliable at best. A spent our entire friendship masterfully manipulating me as well - something I couldn't see until the friendship had ended. I was constantly trying to appease her. Unlike P, her sudden outbursts of emotion tended to be immediately suicidal. One second, she'd be having the time of her life, then if things didn't go her way (e.g. she wasn't complimented on her new, designer shoes or her mom didn't buy her the newest Build-A-Bear (she was aged 13-16, btw)), she'd fly into a depressive state and ignore the fuck out of my desperate attempts to help until things went the way SHE wanted them to. I got used to that friendship, but one day, she changed into a completely different person, seemingly overnight. She became extremely emotionally abusive and would make me feel like shit every single day, telling me about all the things that were "wrong" with me and reminding me that I "don't deserve good friends". She even lectured me, for a full hour, about all the reasons that I was a shitty person and a friend, despite devoting all of my time to her whenever she needed me. I cannot explain how crushing it was to have her suddenly change like that and attack me on the traits that my self-confidence was built upon. It destroyed me.

Before A left my life, though, I was sexually harassed by J - a close childhood friend. We had known each other since the fourth grade, and being Freshmen in high school with the same classes, we grew much closer. I trusted her. If it came down to it, I would've trusted her with my life, at the time. Looking back now, I wish I had been more assertive then, but being a literal child of 14, I had no idea why J kept touching me in places that I had told her I didn't want to be touched. Her curious hands traveled all over my body, even when I clearly expressed my disapproval. She'd grab me in public, even, and would make it no secret that she liked my body. I felt exposed every time I'd walk the school hallways, as if my body was on display for anyone to reach out and grab me, whether or not I approved. Already having some social anxiety at the time, this made high school far more difficult than I could have ever imagined. Luckily, J was able to be arrested and expelled but only due to the fact she was caught on the school's cameras. The after affects of her presence in my life, however, were far worse than the actual harassment itself. My mother blamed me for the whole ordeal, telling me that I "should've expected this" and that I "shouldn't have said anything" to the school. My new boyfriend wanted to take advantage of me sexually immediately after all the trauma with J, which ingrained an overall fear of intimacy for me. My friends criticized me for not being more assertive, explaining that the entire situation was my fault and could've been avoided. My dad, whom I still have a deep-rooted hatred for, stated that I was being overdramatic and that the courts would never believe me. Well, spoiler alert: the courts believed me. 

Unfortunately, J was only one of the many things that went wrong in my Freshman year of high school. At the same time, I found out that S, a close friend from middle school, had lied to me for the past two years about being bullied - a topic that I have personal experience with and means a lot to me. I was also being hardcore pressured by my friends to report my dad's physical, verbal, and emotional abuse to CPS, even being encouraged, at one point, to run away. I had confessed the abuse to my mom, and her response was... disappointing, to say the least. One of my two boyfriends that I that years, B, was a huge jerk and constantly compared me to my much prettier, best friend, O. That took a huge toll on my personal self-confidence. My grades in school were also plummeting, adding an extra layer of stress while I juggled every other thing that was going wrong in my life. Unsurprisingly, I had very strongly considered suicide. It seemed to be the only solution to all of the many, many problems that constantly plagued my mind, but I, obviously, didn't do it. Why, I'm not sure, but I now wish I had. 

Sophomore year was extremely uneventful, so I'll skip to Junior year. The beginning of Junior year was my falling-out with A. Luckily, I met a new friend who seemingly was my platonic soulmate: W. Junior was going so well that, despite my grandma dying around the SATs and me flunking the aforementioned SATs (even though I studied tirelessly for months on end for it), I started feeling good about my life again. I felt like I was going in a positive direction, and things seemed to finally be improving for me. Junior year was likely the best year of my life, although there were sprinkles of shit here and there, and for the first time in a long time, I genuinely enjoyed being alive.

As is typical of my life, though, that didn't last.

Senior year was the worst year of my life, and it wasn't just because COVID-19 made me miss my high school graduation ceremony. No, I honestly didn't even give two shits about that. The year began with someone threatening my safety. This person worked the same job as me, and despite the threat, my workplace did little to reprimand him. I would come into work and cry out of fucking fear for my life, and these people did little more than move him a few checking lanes away from me. Before you ask, I couldn't report him to the police because the event hadn't taken place in a public area, and my mom didn't want me to, thinking it was best left alone. Honestly, though my depression was hitting me like a train for the very first time, so even if I could have reported him, I likely wouldn't have had the motivation nor the care. I suddenly barely had the motivation to do anything, and it was commonplace for me to spend my work breaks crying in the employee bathroom. Everything felt meaningless, and no matter what I did, I couldn't seem to make myself feel any better. Naturally, I hid this from my loved ones, especially my friends. In the past, sharing my feelings with others had caused a lot of drama and anguish, and I thought it was a problem that I'd be better off handling alone. Well, if you know anything about depression, you know that trauma and stress make it a lot worse, so strap in because we're about to go for a wild fucking ride, folks.

I had mentioned W to you. As I said previously, we were like platonic soulmates. For the first time in my life, someone understood me at my very core; someone listened to me with their heart, not their ears; someone genuinely cared about my well-being and tried to aid me however they could. To me, my friendship with W was absolutely perfect, and over time, it was clear both of us had developed romantic feelings for each other. This was before my transition to male, so at the time, the relationship would've been between two girls, and W came from an extremely conservative family. Despite claiming to be pro-LGBT, W always somewhat hinted that she wasn't sure those types of relationships were ok, but she'd still flirt with me and send A LOT of signals that she had a serious crush on me, even telling me that she had a crush on a girl for the first time in her life and stating that she'd make an exception for that girl specifically. Well, after some time, I finally worked up the courage to ask her out. I was panicking and shaking, but I still managed to tell her how I felt, and she stated that she felt the same exact way and had been just as nervous to tell me. She told me that she did need some time to figure out whether or not she actually wanted to be with a girl, which I completely understood and told her to tell me if she ever felt like she didn't like me romantically. As long as she was honest with me, I told her that we could move past our relationship and just stay friends. Our relationship began perfectly. It was like a dream come true. Naturally, however, it came to an abrupt end. W decided to come out to her mom only two days after we got together, and her mom's response was rather passive aggressive and suggested that the woman had an issue with W being bisexual or, potentially, lesbian. W...changed, after that. In public, she became extremely cold towards me and would go out of her way to ignore me completely, even when I just wanted a hug (something we frequently did just as friends). She refused to even look at me, most times, and she became prone to sudden outbursts of anger - a problem that she had never had with me before. She was also well aware of the fact that yelling triggered my childhood PTSD, yet she suddenly had no problem yelling at me in very public places, which genuinely hurt my feelings. Whenever I'd bring up her behavior, she'd apologize and say that she was just trying to figure herself out, so I was patient and understanding with her. This lasted about two weeks, until my friend, B, mentioned that W probably just didn't like me romantically and didn't know how to tell me. Although I didn't want to believe it, I knew B was probably right, so I confronted W, and she tried to make me the "bad guy" by implying that she wanted to break up but leaving the decision up to me. Since I had told her to be honest with me, I was genuinely hurt by the fact that she was doing this, so I made it clear that the relationship would only end if SHE wanted it to because I had real feelings for her, and eventually, she grew some balls and told me it was over. I told her that we needed to take a break from each other after that because her deception damaged my trust with her, and I honestly needed time to myself for awhile. She made a big deal out of this and managed to guilt trip me into having a in-depth conversation with her about the situation. I told her that I was extremely disappointed with her dishonesty and that the way she treated me during the relationship was unacceptable, as if she had been ashamed of me. She started sobbing, and at first, she tried pinning it onto me, but when she realized that I wasn't having any of that bullshit, she accepted the blame and took responsibility for her actions. She then said that she wasn't sure if she had been ready to break up, which I actually remember chuckling at because of the way that she had treated me. I told her that we needed more time apart, but she was not happy with that decision and invited me to have a sleepover. I declined, but she persisted, making it abundantly clear that I needed to "give [her] a chance to make amends", so I reluctantly agreed. At the sleepover, I remember her randomly stating, "I hope you know that, even though we aren't together, I'm very physical with my friends, so I'll still want hugs from you," which I remember rolling my eyes at and saying, "Um, ok," and she got sassy to which I responded, "Well, what did you want me to say, W? You treated me like shit during that relationship and broke me trust, yet you want me to just immediately start hugging you and loving you again? No, that's not how this works. I need time." After that, she dropped the subject entirely. 

What happened after that in our friendship afterwards still affects me today. W began emotionally abusing and manipulating me. She would have sudden outbursts of anger, especially in public, and would start crying to make it seem like I had done something wrong. She'd call me names and would shame me for being depressed, even blaming my depression for her problems. She'd tell me things that still sting me when I remember them and made me feel like I was some kind of bully for doing nothing wrong. Whenever I'd bring up a problem with the way she was treating me, she'd immediately start blaming me and come up with a laundry list of unrelated things that I was allegedly doing that was allegedly causing the majority of our problems. She'd talk about how much her family hated me for "making [her] suffer" and how her brother hated me. Her brother, btw, left bruises on my arms in the shapes of his fingerprints once, and I was deathly afraid of him afterwards, but did W do anything in retaliation towards him? Nope. She just watched it happen and criticized me for not wanting to give them rides to clinicals anymore (we had clinicals for a CNA class at the time, and I was their only ride there and back). I kept giving them rides, despite the uncomfortable tension that filled the car for forty minutes each day, and I was still kind to both W and her brother, despite both of them assassinating my character whenever they got the chance. W would also often guilt trip me by stating that she hadn't been ready to break up with me and that I shouldn't have pressured her to make a decision so quickly and that I was truly the one to blame for the problems in our relationship and that I had never been considerate of her own feelings in the matter and that I was emotionally draining to be around and that I made her hate herself when I brought up issues with her shitty behavior and that I was bullying her constantly and that I was super annoying for asking her if she was ok whenever she seemed angry with me and that I was frustrating to talk to and that I made her cry herself to sleep and that everyone hated me for making her feel like shit all the time, etc. That friendship lasted four months after our initial break up. It took four months for B and SC, my two closest friends, to tell me that something seemed wrong with my friendship with W, yet when I revealed to them some time later that W had emotionally abused me, both of them acted as if it had been obvious from the start. I will never forgive either of them for that, but I have a reason why, don't worry.

November was just beginning when I officially began cutting W out of my life. I was getting much closer to B and even started catching feelings for him, but I told him that I needed time to heal from W before getting into another relationship. Well, he didn't like that, so he guilted me by saying that if I didn't act soon, he was going to move on from me, so I hurriedly told him that I wanted to be together, and that was that. I wish I hadn't been so quick to give him an answer. I wish I hadn't known B at all, honestly, but I guess we can't always get what we wish for. At first, B was great. He was extremely respectful of me personal boundaries and understood that it'd take me time to warm up to him. Unfortunately, though, he was planting the seeds of his soon-to-be abusive behaviors right under my nose. He'd constantly tell me about how he thought I'd go running back to W and would get extremely upset at me whenever I wanted to open up about my traumas with her. He'd even get upset when I'd mention my fears about her confronting me and would accuse me of actually cheating. I constantly had to prove my love for him, and after awhile, it became rather exhausting. In about the middle of our relationship, he revealed to me that he was an alcoholic. My family has had a VERY bad past with alcohol and drug use, so I made it insanely clear that I did NOT want to deal with that. He began with blatantly ignoring my wishes for him to seek treatment or stop drinking, and I let it slide for a little while, bit it eventually got to be too much for me to handle, and I told him that it was either alcohol or me. He chose me and stopped drinking, and unfortunately, this is where things officially began taking a turn for the worst. He also admitted, at some point (and I now know this was a fucking lie), to being suicidal and severely depression. No matter what I did, I could never help him, and he'd oftentimes go out of his way to ignore my attempts at comforting him. He made it abundantly clear that the only way for me to make him feel better was to have...sex. I was very heavily manipulated into doing sexual favors that I didn't really feel comfortable with, and due to this relationship, I now hate sex. I loath it. Despise it. I'll make sure that I never have sex again because B took advantage of me sexually every chance that he fucking got. But, it didn't end there. He emotionally abused me. He made me feel insane for being depressed and made me believe that I was some kind of fucking monster. I wanted to kill myself every god damn day, and every plan that I had made for after high school fell to fucking pieces. I lost my faith in the Christian God, which had been a really major source of hope for me, and was even shamed by B for having believed in God to begin with. He even shamed me when I started looking into Wiccan and Pagan beliefs. He assassinated my character at every chance he could get, and there are so many things that he said to me that I will never, ever fucking forget. With how traumatic our relationship was, I genuinely don't want to go into further details because it'd just end up triggering me more than I already am triggered, but just know that I finally blocked him out of my life in early August of 2020 - a few months after my high school graduation. 

Unfortunately, though, B is not where my shitty Senior year ended. In the background, I was dealing with my very close friendship with SC - a narcissistic and bipolar individual with dreams of being the president solely for the title alone. Now, I don't mean to criticize or shame those who suffer with narcissism or bipolar disorder, but SC was a definitely on the really, really awful end of that spectrum. She would constantly demean my personality and achievements in order to make herself look better; she'd constantly brag about how much better she was than everyone else and would demonize anyone who opposed her, never once accepting responsibility for her own actions; she'd blame me for any problems that arose in our friendship, shaming me for being suicidal, depressed, and even traumatized; she'd constantly try to one-up me with her trauma related to her first and most recent boyfriend, highly implying that everything I've been through was NOTHING compared to what SHE had been through (her life was extremely pampered and sheltered, for the most part, so not only was it extremely disrespectful of her to invalidate my traumas, but she also had no fucking clue what she was talking about); she'd straight up discredit anything that gave me hope, even telling me how awful I was at practicing Wiccan traditions, especially tarot, and immediately criticizing Christianity when I revealed that I had lost my faith (which she had known was extremely near and dear to me); she hated my dogs and would tell me about how much she hated them and preferred cats over dogs; she'd invalidate certain sexualities and genders, especially those that I had been previously or had been considering; she'd preach about caring strongly about mental health and equal rights, yet would never support me in my most dire times of need and expected my support, even while I was being treated in a fucking mental hospital for suicidal ideations (no, I am not making that shit up). In general, SC was a total bitch and ended our friendship in the stupidest, shittiest way she possibly could have by saying, "I wanted to take the coward's way out and fade into the mist, but you keep texting me, so I have to tell you that I don't want to be friends anymore," after I had sent her a text explaining that I had almost committed suicide the day before. She then ends her pitiful explanation as to why I was an awful friend with, "This is SC signing off for now," and blocked me before I even had a chance to reply. Thankfully, I got closure by sending her some very in-depth messages on Snapchat because she had forgotten to block me there. I'll be honest and say that using her own shitty words against her and blocking HER before SHE got a chance to reply felt so fucking good, and what made it even better was the fact that I saw she had read everything right before I blocked her. Karma's a bitch, SC, and I hope that you know that now. 

Anyway, you may be wondering why the fuck I'm telling you my whole life story and wasting your time with bitter retellings of my traumas. I'm telling you so that you understand how much I've been through and so that what I say next makes sense to you. My life is aimless. I have no goals, no hope, and no future. I have nothing, and the there are only two people that I can confidently say love and support me but none that understand me. I cannot function like a normal adult. I can't work and have quite literally no money left in my bank account from my very last job. I still live with my parents - one of them being my abusive father, whom, of which, I still hate very passionately - and all of my previously mentioned abuser live less than a few minutes away from my house, so there's no telling when or if I'll see them out in public. I hate socializing now, and I've already had to cut off three toxic people who were trying to take root in my life. Shitty people flock to me like moths to a fucking flame, and I don't know why. I don't know what's wrong with me. I don't know what I've done to deserve this. In the past, I have been nothing but kind and altruistic, and my life has consisted of pain, anguish, and heartbreak. I fucking hate people. I fucking hate myself. I fucking hate my body and my mind and my heart and my soul. I fucking hate my dad and B and SC and W, who'll all live fucking happily ever after while I suffer in the ruins of my shattered mind that they left behind. They get to be successful and peaceful and happy, and what do I fucking get? Debilitating mental illnesses that are so severe they're legally recognized as disabilities. I'm fucking done with life. I'm only 28, and my life is literally in shambles, and no amount of fucking treatment or therapy or self-love will ever change that. I give up. I fucking quit. This is it; this will be the ending of my God forsaken story. Hopefully, someone can learn something from this post. Hopefully, someone can read what I've been through and maybe stop things from going wrong in their own life. Hopefully, my death will mean more than my life ever did. 

My 2020 began in the ER, thinking that my appendix burst and hearing of how everyone had a blast on New Year's, and now it's going to end in the ER, lying still on a gurney as a doctor dismissively pronounces me dead. 

The universe wanted me to give up, and the universe won. 🏳️