I feel like I'm a weak little b****I feel like I'm depressed about small things and that makes me feel like I'm too weak.  Other people out there are depressed because they have an abusive family, they're ugly, they're being bullied, or etc.

Listen, I'm sorta pretty(I'm not trying to brag), I get high marks on my end exams, guys like me, I have a fun attitude, I'm kind, my economic status is above average, I study in an expensive private school, I have alot of friends and maybe a little popular now? idk, most people like me being chubby too(except my family and some friends and classmates), apparently I don't look disgustingly fat but I look like a hot chubby Asian girl. 

But still, my weight is my insecurity, I don't like my nose either, I don't like most parts of me. My family is kind and caring but when it comes to my weight they're sorta harsh, especially my father. When he first said I was an embarrassment that's why he didn't like bringing me to parties because I eat alot, I cried, vented to my friends and cut myself and thought alot about how to die painlessly. I thought my dad realized that it was harsh and it hurt me, his daughter and it isn't something he should say to his own child. This isn't the only time I cut myself, I've cut myself alot because of my weight and what my family said and also when I got bullied for a short time because of my weight too. My friends saw my cuts and got mad at me. 

After my most recent cut, I vowed to myself to stop doing it and I lasted for I think 2-3 months and I haven't thought about harming myself or actually doing so. But today, my dad said it again, apparently I thought wrong, he didn't think it was hurtful and said it again to me during dinnertime, same exact words when I took 3 prawns on my plate "See? This is why I don't like bringing you to parties, you eat so much. You're so embarrassing" Everyone else just either agred or stayed silent, I bet they all thought the same, "She's such an embarrassing child, so gluttony and fat" we even had a guest that time. I had to keep myself from crying throughout dinnertime and washing the dishes. I washed the dishes as fast as I could.

When I was finally done, I went back right away to my room, cried and looked for my sharp scissors, I couldn't believe my dad didn't care that I would be hurt. Honestly, he has seen my cuts once, accidentally one of my homies pointed it out to my father and asked me"What is this? Hey, look, what is this? Look what she did!" and my dad just said "That must be just a scratch" and I just agreed since I didn't want them to find out. 

I want a therapist but idk how to ask my parents for it cuz surely they will ask why, any suggestions on how to get them to get me a therapist? 

ps: I couldn't find my sharp scissors, I'll go look for something else