Why even live? I'm so fucking alone, there's no good in lifeI have no real friends to speak of.  I have acquaintances that I see on occasion but no real friends that I text or see every day or on a regular basis. 

I have shit luck when it comes to dating and women.  I somehow started texting this one girl and as it turns out she's not looking to date right now, she just wants to be friends and actually she wants to explore her lesbian side and hook up with one of her female friends.  Fuck my life.  Tinder, okcupid, bumble, badoo you name it.  I'm on it and never get any matches or responses.  

I'm 25 and I feel like I'm going to live and die alone however long that may be.  

I have no job that provides me any satisfaction, I'm unemployed right now and living at home with my overbearing parents. 

My college degree has gotten me nothing but student loan debt, I can't even get a damn entry level job with my degree.  I've wasted my fucking time.  

I cannot drink alcohol.  I get sick when I do and feel like throwing up and my eyes are going to pop out of my head.  I feel like I've missed out on so many social opportunities.  New friends, colleagues, someone who could have helped me further my life.  Women, hook ups, fun teenage/college year stuff.  All missed out on.  Not to mention it really really sucks taking life on completely sober.  You just cannot be clear headed for some of the shittier parts of life.  

I have a chronic condition that will probably never be cured.  I have to allocate a large amount of my money to medication for that.  Plus doctors visits to check in on my progress and health regularly. 

My life fucking sucks.  I don't know why I haven't eaten a bullet yet.  I have nothing and no one to live for.  I can't even find one damn woman on this planet who gives a fuck about me and wants to date me.  The only ones out there string me along with no intent of actually doing anything.  I honestly don't even know why I'm taking my medication.  Why not just die?  I guess because it would be an unpleasant death 