A list of all the little and big things adding up in my brain right now that make me want to kill myselfI pretty much have to quit my job because i dont have a car, and my carpooling neighbor that is my coworker quit because of bullshit assault allegations looming over her. I do not have one lined up even though i do have options. This scares me because I stupidly didn’t think about taxes all year (self employed subcontractor in a grocery store, did not pay or attempt to estimate quarterly tax payments) and now I owe $1200 that ill be lucky to pay $200 of ASAP. I know my parents will help but I’ve never been in nearly that much debt to anybody and that makes me feel like a guilty piece of garbage and also scares the shit out of me. 

I’m attempting to lower that number as much as I can, fast as I can. One thing I feel I have to do in my stubborn pride is sell my guitar. It’s been a good friend to me for 2-3 years now as a coping mechanism/escape when shit becomes too much, but I’m not as good as I used to be, don’t have the time to practice as much as I would like, and I need the money. I keep trying to look at it with a cold sense of logic. The amount of time I use it is low, the need for money is high and urgent. I can mourn it later. I don’t want to, but I need to because the government wants to charge me money for stocking their shelves even though they don’t pay me. They say “Death or taxes” and I’m inclined to choose death. 

I wouldn’t sell my PS4 though. I wish I could play it, but I lent it to a drug dealer that was just released after 6 months in. I’d offer him to gimme money so he can just keep it and my games but he’s kind of a shitty dealer cuz he’s always broke. He always gets his shit stolen so chances are someone will steal it from him. That’s the thing— I trust he wont just run off with it or wont gimme excuses if i asked for it back, but i promised to lend it for a minimum amount of time and i don’t wanna go back on it. That’s just not how I am. 

I feel like I live in a weird spot in life. I really believe my friends all genuinely like me and that I treat them well, but they all treat eachother really horribly. I’m sick of standing in the center of it all because when everyone trusts you, they all each think you’re on their side. I feel like I’m watching a comedy series that slowly turns into a tragedy. 

I couldve gone to college, with at least a decent chunk of financial aid in grants and scholarships. My dad needed to sign papers and send tax documents for enrollment purposes, but put it off so i could be home to help him around the house and with his handyman work he struggles to do by himself. I tolerate him alot more since he quit drinking, but he’a a big reason for why I have little self-worth. I could go on a whole rant. Ive been trying to write a good all-around post on my feelings for this sub for hours and they all devolve into rants about him. Ive been living most of my life for him and Its made me realize how much even the hardest-working people with the best of intentions will struggle financially for the rest of their lives, both from his generation and from mine, now that I’m seeing friends set to graduate and still struggling to find jobs for the future. Makes me feel that no matter where I go, what path I’ll take, I’ll never really be free of having to constantly owe money. Money is evil and day to day life is unforgiving. 

My brother realized all this years ago. He realized all this and so he shot himself in the woods in the middle of the night. I remember he left that night, he just grabbed his keys an said see ya later when i was the only one home. I wouldve never known thats what he went out to do. I had eventually accepted it and even came to have a strong sense of sympathy for him and his choice to end his life. A few years later, my other older brother was going to rehab for heroin. The day before he did he told me that our late brother had been using in those last few months as well. Part of the reason I sympathized with his choice to end his own life was because I had believed he put considerable thought into it whilst sober and clear-headed, because that’s how I would do it. But now I have to wonder if that wasn’t the case and I’m not sure I could accept it if it wasn’t. 

Life just seems to be a daily struggle that nobody wants to deal with. We all wanna be proud if overcoming hardship, but are you really overcoming hardship if it keeps returning, whether its your own fault or not? I certainly don’t think so, and i don’t see why anyone should be shamed for wanting to not suffer. 

I wanna die now, but I’m frustrated because I wouldn’t wanna die in debt. I feel obligated to live to pay off this debt ill be in to my folks now. Ill have to get a new job both to do that and not feel like a freeloader. It’ll give off a vibe of doing better cuz id likely getting more money after climbing outta debt, but itll be all the more damaging to my mother if i ended my life afterwards. I’m much more concerned about her reaction than my dads because she’s always been supportive of me even when i dont deserve it. It sounds disgusting when I say it or write it knowing people will see it, but I have enough of a selfish want to die that I’m able to accept hurting a few people I otherwise definitely *would not want* to. But It’s hard thinking about how it’d affect my mom, especially after she’s lost a son already. It just makes me feel worse pain that I wanna be rid of. 

I wish I was able to tap into my emotions more. I guess I’ve cried over stupid shit so much in my life that I sunconsciously stop myself from crying because I feel stupid for it, either because its something i wanna think isnt worth crying over it because i cant help but tell myself its a waste of time and energy i could use to solve my problems. It was my most raw coping mechanism of expressing emotions and i simply can’t do it anymore. I’ve lost my main means of release and it just continues to bottle up and rot me from within. 