Plan in hand. Ready to sail, baby!So I have a great suicide plan. Not sharing. Here's the book - grew up in a bad place. Kind most see on tv. I survived then in 2010 got a brain disease. Neuro said I never see remission. Disabled. Lost everything. Have experienced pain most people will never experience. I'm on morphine 24-7. Then. This year, I found ketamine. It reversed the disease by over 90%!  But my body is so frail I got hit with infection after infection. Removal of morphine at this point will be insane. Also dependent on benzo to control seizures and tremors. But suddenly I have this out if nowhere MAYBE shot at life. But it would be hard as hell on top of 8 years of hard as hell.

But now that I'm "awake" I'm realizing everyone left. I was in an ICU 7 days, nearly died and LITERALLY NO ONE CAME to the hospital. Or the 6 weeks of rehab no one called. I have 3 kids. They don't respond to texts. Got told to stop with the drama cuz I said a kidney infection "hurt like hell".   Everyone is gone. My kids have all literally told me they're ok if I die. 

If I hear one more word about how they all deal with pain in their own way they're in denial show emotion differently can't face my illness blah blah blah I swear I will pull the trigger right now. There is no excuse for abandoning a sick and suffering mom to lay there and rot taking ten years to die. 

During my illness I was molested by a landlord when I was half paralyzed. He's up on charges. My kids complain about testifying. Pull no shows for interviews with detectives. I can give you countless examples of just how worthless I am to them. 

I feel I don't have a chance at life anyway. But if I did. If ketamine actually fixes my brain maybe I could run from here? But how? I also have an ex who harasses me from his truck. Already took him to court once. I used to be a strong, vibrant woman. Then I got sick and people left me and the predators swarmed in. I'm beyond exhausted.

Beyond. I just want to tuck myself into the soft dirt and sleep under the stars for eternity being grateful for my tiny life - as painful as it was - it was mine. 

I have probably 1000ml that's 2000mg of morphine and a silly straw and some zophran so I don't vomit.  I also have an RV.  Decisions decisions. I know I'm not staying just to be tortured by disease or by heartless humans. Death sounds so - safe. And beautiful. And I long for it like some lover in an old novel. LONG for it. Like longing for home. For a mom I never had. Bedtime stories I never heard. The children I read stories to have thrown me away. Can I just be done now? Forgive them all and just sleep? 