Need Help With Suicidal PersonSo, this is a throw away obviously. 

I have a friend Iv know for about 4 months. I met him in a coffee shop, he was sitting alone and I sat with him (there was very few seats and he looked like he could use some company). We talked and we liked a lot of the same stuff so we exchanged emails.

In the time Iv known him, early on (within the first few weeks) he attempted suicide three times, and was hopsitlized all three times.

The first time, he was released 24 hours after. The next time he was held about 4 days, and the last time only 6. He is a minor (but hes 18 in two weeks) so his parents were able to get him signed out.

He said he does not have friends, and could really use one, so I been talking to him at least a little everyday. About a month ago it started going a bit differently. Anytime I couldn't hang out with him, it would send him into a fury. He would scream and swear and curse me out. After a few hours he would text and call crying, begging for me not to go away and he was sorry. Iv been dancing on egg shells, worried about upsetting him, and its been getting worse and worse.
Hes pretty much made me afraid to say, or do anything in the fear he will get upset and freak out and hurt himself again.
a few days ago, it slipped I was going to tell someone else my feelings for them. He lost every shit he had. He finally got me to reanswer my phone and tell me for an hour how his life is awful, and I was the only good thing, and there will be consequences and hes going to kill himself in two weeks time, and there isnt anything I can do this time. (One of his attempts, I called the police during it, and they rushed him to the ER in time, he had cut his wrist). This was about a week ago now, and all the hotline and counslers have not pretty much said I have to wait to call the police until he actually is doing something, instead of just saying he will.
My life has become hell and now Im at a loss. Being told its all your fault because you dont care for someone (even though I do as a friend, but he says thats stupid). Iv atempted to tell his family but it has been falling on deaf ears. He says he has to meet me tomorrow "one last time" but with his rages, I am afraid he is going to do something to me. 
Can anyone give me any advice? 

Pardon the typos or spelling errors, and grammer. English is not my first language.