another post, new storyBefore we start, here's a little back round information. Without saying this, my post won't make any sense:

\- I was born, raised, and still live in Michigan, USA. Parents were divorced ever since I was 2, I'm currently 16, and currently in a whole lot of trouble, physically and mentally. 

\- My dad is a christian father with a new wife and 2 other kids besides me. 

\- My mom is a stay-at-home mom with 3 other kids besides me and is dating a dude who goes to work all day to support the family, but is always grumpy, because his job sucks. 

\- My mom is a weed addict and is allowing minors to do it in the house, pressuring me to do it. 

\- I'm a part of LGBT, and my dad doesn't support me in any way because of how it's wrong. He had problems with this one person I liked a few years prior

\- I'm dating a non binary person (the person my dad had problems with, but he doesn't know), and this past Halloween, we had some time together, and my mom thinks we had sex, but we didn't, they just left a few hickeys. We're dumb kids, I know.

Let's get into the shitshow

I'm a lazy person, always have been. I don't really listen or do what others ask of me, and that's already bad enough. But with the whole situation of COVID, it made things a whole hell of a lot worse. School started about 3 months ago, and I've done nothing but dick off and play video games with my friends, becoming extremely behind in my classes. I'm really unmotivated to do any schoolwork and I feel like a complete asshole about not wanting to do anything. I'll think about doing something and how much it'll suck, but I just have got to sit through it and just get it done. But the second I sit down to do it, i'll do everything in my power to not do it, or get distracted extremely easily. 

Me being behind in school has gotten my mom fed up with it, having "anxiety attacks" as she calls them and starts screaming at everyone who lives at the house. Everyone realized who she's mad at and starts yelling at me too, basically disowning me and threatening to throw me out at age 16. I'd usually call my dad and ask him to come pick me up so we can talk about it and stay at his house for a few days. But today was different. My mom went off on her normal spew of garbage, guilt tripping me again, but I decided "no, i'm gonna stand up for myself for once," but oh boy, did I break hell loose. I asked If I can go back on my medications and told her how it could help me in my lack of motivation, ADHD, depression, etc. She called up my dad and started yelling at him about me being a failure in life and needing pills to survive in the real world. She then started telling a lot of things he doesn't know about like the hickeys, be dating the same person he had issues with, and possibly having sexual intercourse, aka telling him we did. There is no way I can talk this one out with him. His house used to be a safe place, but now it's just as bad as my mom's. He's on his way as I'm typing this. 

I have never considered committing suicide harder than I have right now. I've been having suicidal thoughts for about a year, and always was afraid of death. But now, I really don't know. I genuinely don't know what to do. I'm just this terrible person that my family hates, so i'd assume it'd be better If I left, but I can't go anywhere because of me being underage to leave and not come back, at least legally. So me just killing myself seems like a better alternative. Does anyone have any advice to stay strong during times like these?