The only reason I'm alive is because my husband tells me I can't kill myself, and I don't think I care anymoreI always answer my texts to my mother as soon as I can because if I make her wait, I will never hear the end of it. I thought it was weird that she wouldn't answer me for the last 5 days or so. And suddenly, yesterday, my mother-in-law called to ask why my father was in the hospital. I had no idea he was in the hospital. Some other backstory needed is my mother-in-law went to the hospital about a month and a half ago, nothing serious. She didn't tell us, she only posted about it on Facebook. Well my mother blew up my phone demanding why I didn't tell her, and why she had to find out on Facebook. I told her I had no idea what she was talking about, but then I saw the post. And she bitched me out for not telling her when I didn't know, and she refused to believe I didn't know.

That matters because my mother posted about my father being in the hospital on Facebook. I don't get on Facebook that much for my mental health. So when I asked her why my mother-in-law/Facebook had to tell me about my father because she was being a massive hypocrite, she told me that she texted me (she has no proof she texted me, and I have no texts from her), and then she told me, "Well, I emailed it to you, too. I'm glad \*MIL\* told you because I doubt you'd ever know if not for her".

Who the fuck emails their daughter about their father being in the hospital in 2020 when I'm made to text you at least 5 times a day?

I have a knife sitting next to me, and I plan to bleed at some point tonight. I know it won't kill me, but I wish it would. Or maybe I can go look at all the medications I've stashed and combine a bunch of them before I do it. I'm just so fucking tired.

The only thing I want to do is lay in bed and sleep. I finally reached out to a psychiatrist and therapist in June. The therapist lasted one session before she blew me off. The psychiatrist lasted a month before she stopped taking my calls. No one will return my calls and I have no idea what happened. It took a lot of trust to talk to someone about my problems yet again, it took a lot of energy to try new medications just for these people to just ignore me now. What professional misses appointments and then ignores their at risk clients?

I'm just angry at the world. I don't know what kind of god would ever let the things that happened to me happen. I don't understand how no matter what I do, it's never enough. I don't understand how nothing good ever happens. My birthday is next month, and I'm not looking forward to how disappointed I am in myself because I can't even feel an ounce of happiness on my own fucking birthday. I don't want to talk to anyone. I don't want to be alive. And I'm at a point where I don't care if I make anyone mad or unhappy when I finally kill myself.

I just wish I knew what made me so unworthy of nice things, of getting help, of being happy. But I can die not knowing. Have a great life, everyone.