I don't see a future for myself, and I think that it means I'm not supposed to have one.I don't know if I'm actively suicidal, I haven't actually had a suicide attempt in a few years. I don't really view any of my self harm as a suicide attempt, since it's not really to the point of it being life threatening. 

I just don't see the point in living, though. I just feel sort of hollow and numb most of the time. Like I can smile and laugh and enjoy things, but I don't think that I am actually ever happy. I'm ashamed of myself. I'm ashamed of the way my body looks. I'm ashamed of the fact that I'm fat. That I've ruined myself with self harm scars. I'm ashamed that I can't seem to keep people in my life. The fact that I'm anxious and depressed always comes out, even though I try so hard to be normal and functional for my partners. I'm ashamed of the relationships that I've been in, because all of my significant others have been not the greatest people. But I'm so ruined and fucked up that no one who would actually be good to be with long term would ever want me. So I've honestly given up on ever having another loving relationship. I'm just that slutty chick that people fuck and then leave, and no one would ever be proud to be with me, even before I was this worthless. I'm an imposter in my job, I don't know anything, and I hardly do anything at the office. I'm just sort of here, and I don't know why they haven't fired me, let alone why they hired me in the first place. I'm in school for a very specific job field, but I don't actually see myself graduating and getting a job. I don't see myself doing anything with my life. 

I've never been able to see a future for myself, honestly. I just have this big emptiness out there, and I've been living day to day basically for the past decade. I'm surprised that I haven't killed myself already, to be honest. It's always been kind of there in my head, and I think maybe the fact that right now I am completely alone means that it's an optimal time to just do it, before I fuck up my life even more. 

No one is really going to miss me or be devastated by my passing. I could sort out pretty much all of my affairs in like an hour or so. The biggest issue with it would be making sure that my house was clean and organized, because I don't want anyone to have to deal with cleaning up more of my messes. I feel like it's not even a serious thing, because I'm not experiencing any sort of mania or sadness. I'm just... calm. Not exactly resigned, but like I'm ready and this is just where my life is supposed to end. 