I’m going crazyI’m 22 and well, I guess I’ll start from the beginning. Excuse my English and punctuation, I’m really bad on the phone for some reason. Got lost in translation with how I use to text in middle trying to be “trendy” or what not. And also I have severe ADHD so it’s literally going to be all over the place but ima try my best But anyways....
It’s starts with my cousin molesting me. I was 8 years old when it happened and before that I can’t remember anything that really happened. As far as I can remember I was a hyper kid, always striving to be number 1 wether it was in P.E. running laps or math competitions in class like who can add and subtract the fastest. I was nice to everyone, wouldn’t say I had a lot of friend but I was able to talk to anyone and have a good time talking from both sides. Always kept 2 friends in my main group. Always on time to class, always trying to get A and B’s, always wanting to see my parents happy when my report came in. I just had life in me like any young boy/girl would have. 
Ever since that day, that summer, those two distinct days... my life changed and it went downhill so fast. After my cousin molested me(I will not say what he did but it haunts me forever). After that summer, I became the shy kid. Stayed to myself. Didn’t talk to anybody. I did have a friend by the name of Christian, he was my friend before the summer had taken place and we were neighbors, he would always ring on my door to play basketball. He went to another school than me even tho we lived in the same area. He moved to my school mid year and it was like the shyness left my body and I was myself again, this is important because I do believe, typing this, I’m still that 8 year old kid stuck in an 22 year old. Everyone made fun of me because I was whacky and it was literally half the year that I was silent and out of nowhere I was hyper but only with my friend. Well every friend christian made, I pretty mischievous became friends with too. This kinda had a domino effect because then any friend who made any friend with whoever, accepted me as their friend to and this was up till high school. The thing about high school which I didn’t know till after we graduated is everybody thought I was a school shooter. Everyone was so nice to me and what not. 

I’m reading this over and I don’t know where to fix it, I don’t know my point anymore but anyways, during high school the only reason I had friends was because they felt bad for me. Whenever I see them after high school in public, they would literally laugh in my face and pretend they never knew me. Not most of them laughed, a lot of who I saw would just give me a blind stare and walk the other way and it crushed my soul. I’m scared to go outside because I don’t wanna see anyone I use to know and be humiliated. I’m going off topic. 

Here is the thing, I wanna Kill myself because I think I am a pedo.
Well not a Pedo, because I don’t get turned on by kids nor do I wanna have sex with them. Let me explain why this is in my head.

My parents hosted a thanksgiving party and the living room there was about 4 kids, age 7-9, I don’t remember. I went to the “grown up” table like I belong there. You know, I was 21 at the time, I can drink, I wanna conversate. Nobody at the table cares about anything I said or they would look at me weird like I killed the mood and my parents would always signal people to ignore me. I went to where the kids were playing PlayStation and I was able to conversate with them and joke with them and actually have fun with them. This didn’t bother me till I’m looking back right now because when it was happening, it was harmless.

Summer of 2018, my parents took me and my brothers to Mexico for a vacation. It was nice and whatever. We stayed a nice resort. We were there for a week, and literally all the days I was there, I was talking to these kids at the pool. I don’t even know how their parents would let their kids swim with a random stranger especially my age. Again, harmless af but It was like I didn’t realize I am a fucking adult. I’m crying rn thinking about it because I looked like a fucking pedo but I didn’t want to do anything. For a week, everyday, I went to the same spot in the pool, ordering drinks and there would always be a different kid every day. I would get drunk, we would play volleyball and stupid games like hold your breath the longest and when I knew I was getting to drunk I would say bye to the little buddy and go off to the room. Again nothing harmless


This is what sold it for me. I play Fortnite. I’m 22 and I drink and play Fortnite every night for the pass 6 months. I don’t have a job and I’m a dropout. I’m too anxious to go outside but I know I’m going to be ready soon, I have hope I can do one more time but everytime I get job, people at work throw rocks at my glass house and I try to be nice but they just want me to die and I’m doing my best not to kill myself but okay, I’m sorry. I play Fortnite a lot and I have a mic. I like to conversate with people a lot, older, younger, I just am alone right now and wanna stop thinking about my shitty life. Shit I don’t even play the game, I just play it to talk to people. Well, people my age are always cool when we jump in the game, a few hi and how are yous and regular call outs or whatever. But everytime a young kid plays, I rather play with them than the other people my age. Usually the people my age delete me from their friends list after 1 week and I still have all these kids from about 5 months already. I threw my fucking PS4 in the bathtub because I don’t want to be pedo. I just need a friend. I feel like my cousin molesting me kept that kid in me or I never grew up or something is really wrong with me but I always look back and my WHOLE life and it seems like I got stuck at that age for all these years. That’s why when I was in high school and I acted the way I acted, I acted like an 8 year old. When I was on vacation,yes I was drunk but I forgot I was older than all the kids I was talking to. I wanna Kill myself, I now stay inside my room and because I love people. I will not go outside because I don’t want people to think I’m a monster, I just want a friend and kids don’t judge me. I don’t know how I’m suppose to act or what to talk about with people my age. I hate my fucking self, I deserve to be fucking burned. I don’t know what to do, I’m going to go walking to gas station rn. But more beers, it’s only way I disconnect from the trauma my cousin brought me.

If anyone read up to here, I don’t know why I wrote this, I just need advice.