One positive storyHey friends. Today I had a positive experience that I wanted to share with you all. While the feeling won't last long I had to stop for a moment and just appreciate the moment. Maybe it'll bring a smile to someone here.

As everyone here can relate to existence being a empty void of darkness I had a glimmer of light shine through at work last night.

Been at this job for a few years now and tonight we were extremely busy in an area I don't work in. Because it's so busy I got to go help out in that area. There is this girl there I have a small crush on that works in that area and she's been there about 2 months more than me and we've never talked before.

Management told her to just start putting everything the conveyor even if it doesn't have a box we need to get this stuff out of here. While she had her doubts, this is what they said to do so she did.

Items got stuck in the belt on the 2nd floor and no one noticed for a while. When I found the shaft to take the boxes to the first floor jammed with about 50 boxes in it I climbed into it and started removing the individual unboxed items and fixed the jam.

So now the question is who in the world would do this? It's my buddy, me and my crush picking skips so I asked my buddy and he said it wasn't him. So it wasn't me..... must be her.

I went over to talk to her as the army of boxes scoot by and I'm like what have you done??? (Sarcastically)

Her face turns red and we start laughing.... I tell her how I had to climb up the conveyor to take stuff out. She tells me how management told her this would be faster. We have some good laughs about how management is dumb and watch the army of boxes go by.

After the conversation work went by as normal but that was a pleasant experience. My first conversation with someone new went well. Nothing awkward happened and it seemed like I wasn't a burden to talk to.

While life has not gone my way I'm still dragging through and I manage to stay long enough for a nice experience like that and maybe I'll look back on it another day when things are low. 



So... this turned out to be a lot longer than I thought and I tried to shorten it a couple times. Sorry guys, hope it cheers someone up.