I want to die all the timeI made a reddit just to post here, I'm not really sure how to feel about that.
My entire life has been absolute Hell, although I feel bad even saying that considering how others have it worse. My parents don't know how to parent. My other two siblings suffer from depression, and my brother is now a paranoid schizophrenic who my parents try to forget about. Anytime I cry or voice discomfort, I'm hit or told I'm a schizo failure. From age seven I've had plans of killing myself. I was bullied so severely in school that I'm afraid of people, not even the principle would help me even as I was assaulted by people. I had horrible trauma, but I took theatre for five years to force myself to pretend to be happy. Now I'm charismatic and appear normal irl and it's tearing me apart. Everytime I try to talk to someone they leave or tell me to just go to therapy. I want to be successful, and I tried hard at hobbies and remembering things but could never be as good as others even if I tried for hours. I found out recently that I have a learning disability that affects my memory, sense of direction and mathematical ability so I learn at slower rates than others. People consistently tell me I don't try hard enough, and if I complain or cry at all they assume I'm instantly crazy when I'm trying as hard as I can. I'm consistently called useless and oversensitive, and overall I just can't see anything good about the world. My parents are separated, my mother twice divorced, my step father a murderer and in jail now and my father married to some foreign woman who he knocked up. The only person I had was my brother, and now he doesn't even remember my name. I'm bitter. I have a loving boyfriend, but even though he cares about me he's not able to talk to me and I'm consistently told by others that I'm incapable of being helped. I have an internship with an amazing company and my future doesn't look dark, but with how ignorant people are I just can't see myself salvaging happiness from anything. I hate the world. I hate everything it has to offer. I want to live in the wilderness away from people and their disgusting amounts of apathy towards everyone else. Nobody ever helped me, not even when I was being abused and now they want to pretend like it never happened to make me shut up. Nobody, not even friends will listen to me.
Sorry this is long.