I destroyed myself by harassing my ex at my weakest momentOne time I was arguing with random people at a concert. They wanted to move forward and I didn't move out of the way. Later on I bumped into someone else a couple of times. My ex saw this.

Last year I had a mental breakdown. I realised how fragile our lives are and felt so much regret because of my unhealthy past in which I smoked sooooo many spliffs and cigarettes. I'd just constantly smoke. Day in day out. I also ate crap. I think it's very realistic I'm going to die soon. Right now I quit, work out 6 times per week and eat healthy. I can't even begin to express how much I regret not having done that all the time. 

At a very depressed day I start crying to my ex who I dumped 1.5 years ago. She blocks me, but for some reason I kept contacting her? I felt hopeless. I was so convinced I'm going to die soon. So scared and depressed so it seemed like I wanted to give up. I keep talking and talking, she gets angrier, blocks me like 5 times and eventually explodes. She wrote such an insanely harsh message that I felt so bad about. Called me a loser, a whiner, told me I will never learn how to live my life and reminded me that I was being irrational just like during that concert. Told me she doesn't fucking care if I die. It has been repeating in my head for 6 months now. To stop the pain I kept contacting her CONSTANTLY. I would just write message after message. Delete it again. Then write it again. I would send shit to her LinkedIn account. Just constantly apologizing, explaining myself and being frustrated and angry. It was this perfect storm because I really want her to know that I didn't give up. I'm working out all the time. I've improved a lot. I didn't say that when we were arguing so I'm really annoyed that she wrote that message based on insufficient info so I kept pointlessly explaining while she never replied. After months of this she got rid of her instagram account. Damn.. I think I have OCD too because this is a pattern in my life. Getting stuck in obsessions and doing compulsive shit (like writing messages) to get rid of it. 

Now I just feel cold and empty. I'm an obsessed creep. I can't think of anything else than those insults she told me. It broke my spirit. Just feel like crying at this point. That's how sad I am. Want to die because I'm so destroyed by what she said to me and how I acted like such a cringelord so I can't come back from this. Sigh... 

Because what's left for me? I can fix my life entirely, but I feel like I have crossed the line because of my pathetic behavior. Those words and my reaction to it have destroyed me. Why did I bring myself in this situation? Like wtf was my problem? Sometimes I just want to end it out of embarrassment. It's so frustrating that I can't just talk it out as two adults with her. Instead she just put me in the crazy ex category and I gave her every reason for that. I feel so unworthy now. Don't deserve to be happy. Not a good person. Fuck this. She also has the capability to destroy my life if I ever become successful. Or she can tell it to my family.

Only the first week I insulted her back a bit, but after that it were all friendly messages and admitting I fucked up so it's not like I'm a stalker who threatens or wants to fight. I'm just completely destroyed by her insults for SIX MONTHS and want closure.