Life, what a choice. But what if a few souls choosing death decided to take a road trip, or have a party?OK, I am distantly suicidal, frustrated and isolated and all that. But in thinking about this, I wonder, especially since most suicides happen because of isolation and misunderstandings, what would happen if these people could meet others feeling the same way.

This would invalidate one reason, and could help clarify the other.  

So you are thinking, here's a bunch of depressed twentysomethings, a few teen anorexics, and some old middle aged curmudgeons, and they are all gonna meet up and have a smile fest? No, but maybe they could share their issues, vent their minds and maybe, make a friend; albeit one with issues, but aren't we all people with "issues"?

Personally,  FWIW, my problem is I am isolated. I messed up as a youngster doing life on my own, no real family, been through 3 marriages, had the "big life", and more.  I had much fun and some strange, sensual times; "I've seen things you people wouldn't believe...". But, now, nearing 50, I am long-term unemployed, overqualified, too old, undermotivated, sexually uninterested, tired and frustrated. I am living in Podunk with an old friend who's grown beyond tired of my presence; the tension here is tangible... Yea. I need an Obi Wan for hope, or some people to jumpstart me into living again. Some have told me I am arrogant; maybe so. Others said I am not desperate enough to clean port-a-potties for a living; quite possibly. But I just am sick and tired of all this, this life we call living, and really would rather disappear then to have to start all over again at the absolute bottom. I may try to move to a "big city" where the jobs and people are but I only have enough left in savings for about 2 months - then I have zero.  Can I get a job that pays more than $10 bucks an hour in 60 days?  Even the old communal living of share, sweat and serve seems appealing, but very few are managed by people with true communal intentions. Most or are narrow focused (let's put on our tinfoil hats and watch for the MIB) or are religious based; I don't believe in any god.

But regardless, what if a bunch of folks pooled resources, ideas and time and used that as a "carrot on a stick" for a future.  Maybe one knows something that could help another, maybe one can fix cars, or computers. Maybe one just needs a shoulder to cry on and they'll be OK. Yes, some may still not be able to resolve their issues, but this is at least a "last chance at their life..."  

I don't know, I think it's a horrible waste when people with potential give up. Anyways, it's just a thought... now back to the job search listings...

Comments anyone?