I GENUINELY believed it would be ok.So I accepted this special supplement for research earlier this year. Last year, really.  It's at an Ivy League.  I was excited.  I grew up in poverty in an abusive home with addicts and I also have cerebral palsy and a non-verbal learning disorder.  I spent my early years getting my head slammed against walls at home and forgotten in the classroom. Nothing special. I was the dumb girl, so it was better not to set expectations and to just let me fail.  I didn't really attend high school. I didn't even picture going to college until my junior year. I worked super hard and got into uni to try to get out of that life. I was passionate about science. I did everything right.  I didn't sleep so I could study. I went out once my entire freshman year and took flash cards with. Sophomore year started the same.  I poured everything into school and research.  Right as second semester started, I was raped at a party. A get-together I guess. I didn't realize that there were expectations until it was too late. But I tried to do everything right. I spent 30 hours a week in the tutoring center to try to catch up on the algebra I hadn't learned beyond fifth grade. It worked. I was a straight-A student.  I fuck up a lot of shit, but I work hard and I overcome so much.  

I couldn't function. I tried to ask for help but it was hard.  When I got counseling, my confidence was betrayed (and no, it shouldn't have been) to cover the school's ass. I couldn't recover. I transferred twice.  I took almost 8 years to graduate and spent so much time trying to hold myself together. Lab was the only place I felt safe.  The school was my home and I had family there.

I had a mentor that cared about me. We were so close.  We don't talk anymore. She was the first stable adult I knew.  My family was in that school and I lost it.

I tried to pick up the pieces. Find my lab family and some stability and a good counselor.  Just couldn't do it.  I thought this would be my opportunity to find my professional footing. And there was health insurance! I could get help.  I was doing better, but I could really work to be strong.  But I got here and the mentoring plan the NIH created wasn't followed.  It was completely falsified.  A post doc started touching me, and my PI shrugged it off.  My reagents purchased with federal funds were disappearing.  The disability accommodations I was promised before coming were nowhere to be found. My lab mates are verbally abusive.  I've never seen this before.  I don't think it's me, because it's never happened before in any lab I've been in, and I've only ever left a lab if a PI or I left the state.  I've always gotten on with my lab mates.

I tried to get help and the whole thing blew up.  The school started an "investigation", but didn't talk to anyone who could corroborate what I experienced.  

I have no support system. Jobs for people with disabilities are tough.  Accommodations are OFTEN not provided.  I can't survive.  I don't know what to do.  My mom is sick and won't recover.  I just don't even know what to do.

I can't even verbalize this all.  It seems scattered, but it's been so much trial.  I try so hard. I was working 110+ hour weeks and balancing that with school. I don't expect anything to be easy.  I didn't expect this to fix everything. I just wanted to have an equal opportunity to succeed-and that didn't happen. Now I'm stuck in this weird transitional period, and there's no way out.

I just feel like the pain will never stop.  I can't do it anymore.  I don't want to struggle this much for this kind of existence. I feel so alone. I worry about being homeless. I feel totally unsupported.  I never expected my PI to be my friend or to discuss or help with personal things. I just wanted an opportunity to be a scientist.  

&amp;#x200B;

I don't know what to do. I want to die. I wasn't made to exist on this planet. I'm so alone.