I dont have anybody to talk to, so I'm just gonna type here to get everything off.I just don't know who to talk to and am probably just ranting here. I've been thinking of suicide for years, maybe since i was in grade school. I was bullied during those times and it does indeed get better. Though it takes 5 years that i finally got a friend. Maybe its because the thought has been embedded in my brain since i was a kid, even if it got better, I still really just want to kill myself everyday. I'm 19 now and i tried to reach out to my brother and talk about things and my past. Turns out he was the bully in his grade growing up (not the one who bullied me). Hah! People said there is karma but isn't it to convenient? Why me? When i told him i want to die growing up, he said "well, i had such thought too last year when i got addicted to weed and my grades are falling. Don't you think everyone think about suicide at least once in their life?" .... i was speechless. I've been hating myself and wanting to kill myself for 9 years and when i tried to reach out, that's it? I told him i was bullied growing up and hating myself because of loneliness. That's it? 

I am in college now with a major that i compromised with my parents. Assignments are pretty rough, with all the new lab classes i got into. I got tons of hw and even if this s my 2nd week into the semester, i have been putting an allnighter just to get everything done properly. My mom wants me to do something she likes and have been nagging me to do it too. I showed her all what i have to do just to prove her that i got no time and it has been pretty rough. "It's just an hour and it's for your own good! Stop bejng lazy" it has been going on since last semester tbh and i kind of couldn't hold it in and cried out of frustration. I did what she wants when i got the time, but when i cry she said, "why r you even crying? You r a Grown up", etc. She also forced me to relocate my guinea pig so that i wouldn't always be beside them when truly, they r my only sanctuary when it's rough. Looking at them makes me feel a tad better and i feel like now that they r my responsibility, i shouldn't just die off. But now the thought of wanting to die got a bit stronger and more frequent.

I know my problem is not as bad as all of you guys. I know I'm being such a wimp. That is why this is just a rant. I just need to talk it off so that this damn suicide thoughts don't get stronger.