Losing hope quickly. I really need to tell someone how I feel.Ok, so first some background. I am 17 years old, not going to traditional highschool. I am doing a program thru a community college where I take online classes instead of in person classes. I have been slacking off on my school, I am easily a month or two behind. 

 I fell in love with my best friend over the summer. I finally told her how I felt about 2 weeks ago, and she loves me too, but not in a romantic way. She ended up sleeping over a week later, and we hooked up (no sex, no kissing, but everything else happened). It was great, but then we went back to being "friends" right afterwards. I guess I am so deep in the friendzone that we hooked up. We have talked about it, and she still feels the same way. She is not attracted to me sexually. 

My relationship with my parents is really bumpy. Earlier this summer I was doing a lot of stupid shit. Taking out parents cars and racing them around with friends, selling drugs and IDs, sneaking out nightly, etc. I ended up getting sent to a theraputic wilderness camp in Utah for 9 weeks against my will. I learned a lot about myself, but I also lost a lot of meaningful relationships that I had back home. People move on...quick. I got back home, and I found myself with nearly no friends. My best friend (not the girl), has replaced me with a kid who bullys me. The girl I was talking about earlier is my only real friend right now. 

My parents are constantly looking for things I do wrong, and ways I break rules or lie. I want to change, but I can't change as rapidly as they want me to. I don't have my license or a car because they wont let me. I don't have a phone because they won't let me. I would move out, but rent around here is ridiculously expensive, and I only have a part time job that would barely pay for food. I have no hobbies I enjoy, and I don't find anything very fun anymore. 

I am just stuck in a rut, and I keep finding myself fantasizing about...death. Not that I want to die, just that I want to go to sleep for a really really long time. I am really tired of dealing with my parents, the girl, and being bullied. I just want to go to sleep. Sorry if this post isn't as serious as a lot of the others on this subreddit. I just have nobody else to tell this to. Thanks for reading guys. Reddit is a really amazing community and I am proud to be a part of it. 