Hey awesome peoples. I need some attention.Hello amazing people, 


Let me start off by saying that I'm not actually suicidal, so if there is an influx of unread posts or other people who need attention, please help them first. As for why I'm asking for help on the Suicide Watch, I don't know. Didn't know where else to go I guess...


So I'm not suicidal in the sense that I would kill myself, and I don't see myself doing so anytime soon, but to phrase it very bluntly: I wouldn't mind dieing. 


In some way I guess the thought of dieing saddens me, but it's more like the way you see somebody else just miss the bus. More like watching a show and realising this is the sad part than actually being so. This doesn't mean the feeling of sadness isn't there, but that it's like a 3-rd person feeling.(If that's a thing?) It's not as strong as it is probably supposed to be. As for suicide, I'm sure that if I were to actually try it I would 
* A) Be too lazy to actually even move or do something. and 
* B) Regret the decision instantly, for at least a day or two. 


As for why I'm not posting this on /r/depression : It doesn't feel like depression. It probably is in some way, and it probably fits most of the criteria for classifying it as such, but I feel it diffrently.


It's not just feeling indiffrent towards everything, becouse I don't, it's just extremely subtle. And sporadically it isn't. It's like a thick veil of heavy lazyness. If I'm not doing anything, I feel like I probably should be doing something, but I can't be bothered to do it, and if I am doing something it really feels like I'm just spectating my body doing stuff, rather than being that body. 


At this very moment I want to tell whoever's reading this about my situation, and what I'm feeling, but for some reason I can't be bothered to actually type it, despite falling into loneliness. I guess I just want people to respond, maybe chat with somebody. Seeing as I've been feeling this way for at least 8 years and the intesity only keeps growing, I think this just some random, uninspired cry for help. An attempt to stop the spiral before one day I might overcome my laziness and make the stupid irreversable decision. And without expectations, I'm secretly keeping my fingers crossed for a miracle, for attention...


I'm gonna grab a bottle and just wait here, refreshing the page until something happens. 