I keep trying and nothing changes (Warning: Long Post)I'm going to describe my situation. I'm 23 and will be 24 this March. I did a year of college and withdrew because I realized if I went to a city or state funded school it would be far cheaper and just as good an education than the college I was at. But at the same time I realized I wanted to move out of New York. Either way, over $9000 in interest-accruing debt from that measly two semesters of college.

I urgently needed a job of course to pay rent in the mean time. I lived in Brooklyn for a year in two awful living situations with crazy roommates. I couldn't move back home because my brother has severe, violent anger issues and has used racial slurs including the n word in the past, and my mother is a horrible alcoholic. That was 4 years ago, in 2016. Since then I have gone through more applications, trial runs, and interviews than I can count. With no degree and no specific skill or experience I have applied to mostly stores and some restaurants in that time. I ended up moving back home with my mother, and now she pays rent for my brother's apartment in a town over. Not because of me, because she kicked him out.

The longest job I had was as a cashier at a Stop &amp; Shop, for 11 months. I worked full-time hours, most weeks more than 35 hours a week, but they thinly skirted the system so as not to give me healthcare. I ended up quitting because they gave me hell about using the bathroom. Seriously, the people who were supposed to cover me would refuse to let me use the bathroom and would call me on the loudspeaker when I had only been in there a couple minutes. It got so bad that I could never relax enough to pee. Damnably, I still have the problem to this day. I've tried everything. I quit the job in April 2019, almost a year ago, and well before that the urination problem started. Frequent urination. I'm positive it's from the job, I have never struggled with this before in my life. It doesn't feel right anymore, if I am exercising I have to go at least every 30 minutes, so I don't exercise anymore. The doctor told me it's "psychological" and told me to see a therapist. More on that later.

I was denied unemployed benefits, blamed by them. Can't get food stamps because I don't meet eligibility since I don't pay 50% or more of of my expenses. Yes, my mom and her father pay rent, but she does not give me any money. She used to and then stopped entirely. I can only survive with the food pantry in my town. Since then I've applied to so many jobs. I've lost the people I used to talk to, because they started blaming me saying I wasn't doing enough and it was my fault too. No friends. I'm a virgin, which I don't care about. I don't compare myself to people and I hate the predominant culture that assigns value to such things anyway, always have. I'm so poor that dating and relationships are impossibly distant anyway.

I don't talk to my mother anymore at all. She is an alcoholic that neglected and abused me and my brother our entire lives, and feels zero remorse, and blames and vilifies me for every little thing every chance she gets. Her father physically assaulted my brother, and flat out told me the one time I tried to reach out to him that he doesn't want to see me or ever deal with "my problems." Needless to say, he drinks and verbally abusive to his wife too. He took my mother's side when I left home at one point because of how bad my mother was, house-hopping with friends I no longer have before I went to college.

My mother is a compulsive hoarder and the entire apartment is a mess, so I've never had guests over and it's hard to cook food. I'm vegetarian so all I eat is oats/cereal, spaghetti and occasionally frozen vegetables. But even that is hard because the kitchen is such a mess, and if I tried to clean it she would scream at me for throwing something away or make it messy again, and blame the mess on me. My father is out of the picture, the last time he emailed me he blamed me for leaving college and "doing nothing." He has a new wife and daughter and lives in Japan. Needless to say, I don't think he deserves to know how hard I've been trying, against the grain of everything.

I don't drink, smoke, or do any drugs of any kind. Never have, never will. Never had the slightest interest in it. This makes me even more isolated: almost everybody, at least in New York City, does. I'd rather be alone than be friends with any of them, no question.

The only way I could theoretically have a life again is if I find a job, save up, earn money to move out. I knew it would be hard, but I don't mind working at least 40 hours a week, standing all day, focusing on the job, waking up early and coming home every day when it's dark. I'm used to it, I have a great work ethic and am polite to everyone. Just recently I lost two jobs, at a pharmacy and waffle shop in my town. Why? They just. Didn't. Like me. They refused to give me an explanation. I kept myself busy the entire time, took notes, was diligent and polite to everyone. And nothing.

Just now, my mother threatened to evict me. Unlike my brother who was drinking and fighting with her, I keep to myself. She threatened to kick me out because the neighbors in the apartment make up lies about noise. I know the noise is not coming from me because I am always quiet, but she believes them. Wants me gone. Has talked about air bnb'ing my room. She never loved or wanted me, and only sees me as a problem and a burden and would prefer me dead. More money and space for her. I try not to think about how horrible she is, because the opposite of love isn't hate, it's indifference. I need to just focus on my own life, finding a job to be my own independent person and focus on things that matter to me. As I told her before, she is not my mother. So I feel nothing, but once in a while, in push-come-to-shove situations like this, I have a nervous breakdown. So one time, the police came because a neighbor called them because I couldn't stop screaming and crying. But that had nothing to do with the noise complaints, this was recently and after them.

I'm positive I don't want kids. I got a vasectomy from Planned Parenthood. They gave me weird energy and so did the doctor I saw later about the urination. Your average person thinks, "you'll regret it," or, "you just got it because of the way YOUR parents were." In reality, I am not bringing a son or daughter into this world that has to deal with the problems of this world. They would have to deal with all of the political, social, and climate/resource-related problems in the world. They wold have to deal with heartbreak, loss, work, suffering, have the possibility of an accident or unbelievable agony from illness, know they will die. And at the end of course, die. I can't look into the eyes of my beloved child knowing they will die. I don't "not believe in God" or the afterlife. I KNOW that God or the afterlife doesn't exist. Biologically people are dead and dead for good. There are enough people that know they are alive and know they will die. Theoretically I could be just as happy without kids and "a family."

I have no idea how with all of this, but I volunteer every Friday in Brooklyn, taking a commute that is over 2 hours both ways. It's not really surprising, it's my only connection to the outside world because I have no friends here in the suburb I grew up in and am stuck living in now. I'm not close friends with any of the people there though, and it's led to nothing. I never tell them about all of this, and occasionally if someone asks how I am and I say anything less than great, they would think I don't appreciate what I have since I don't pay rent. Some of them like me but it's nothing if I can't get a job to move on with my life, which I can't.

Every day is unbearable. Theoretically I am a like-able person, but none of it, in practice, matters. After all is said and done, the final question is, why do I not see a therapist? Why not talk about this to them instead of this website? One word: medication.

I had a bad experience with one that I had since middle school who got so fascist about it he would refuse to talk to me unless I took it. Which I did, one 5mg pill of Prozac. In case you didn't know, that's the smallest possible dose of a mild antidepressant that takes weeks to kick in or taper down from. You can laugh at this. I took one pill and my balls started to hurt. My body literally rebelled against it. That was how much I was badgered into doing something I didn't want to do. He wasn't a psychiatrist, but he was connected to the one I saw who prescribed the Prozac. So I quit both of them. This was soon after I left college in 2016. I know most psychologists/therapists would be the same way. Blame me. Something is wrong with me.

I don't know a lot, but I know they are wrong. I know how intelligent, polite, self-motivated I am. Every problem I have ever had has been reacting to external circumstance, and with that a lot of patience and fortitude. If I had money everything could be different. I would have time, space, a place of my own and would live alone. I would still work, but using my gifts for the world. Or even a drudgery job, I wouldn't care. But as it is: my life has been my mother and brother, their constant threats and abuse, stuck in it with every effort to proceed with my life rebuffed and actively painful thrown back in my face. When I lived in an apartment I could only afford one with roommates who were also psychotic. My own ticket to salvation: a job. I have been trying to find one and failing for 5 years, with countless problems and crazy people at them I have been so patient with but even there I leak out the side sometimes.

They would say I have anxiety, emotional problems, ADHD/trouble focusing, and need medication. And that if I don't take it I'm immature, blaming other people instead of taking responsibility. I could not possibly be more mature or responsible. If I wasn't these things, this entire post would be hate for my parents for not giving me money. But what is it? It's focusing on the fact that I can't get jobs (or even at least unemployment benefits so I can eat and survive while I look for one. But I accept that because I can't change it and even then focus on getting jobs.) And I know that medication is not the answer.

At the end of the day, I am finding myself lacking the willpower. I still try to apply to jobs, but every day strangles me more than the last. The very motivation is stifled because everything of my body and mind has learned that all of my efforts boomerang back in my face. It's so hard to try when the job people yell at me and blame me and think false things of me, no different than my mother.

It's terrible that it has come to this, but more and more lately I think how suicide would be a sweet escape. No more pain or suffering. This can't be denied. The only reason not to do it is that there's a possibility of things getting better and being happy in the future. I know I can never be happy living with my mom, that's for sure. So I've held on all this time on the possibility that I might get a job and move out. I see a lot of posts here saying things like, "Everyone says it will get better" and "It won't get better." Slowly, I am waking up to the fact that these things are no less true for me. Of course, part me wants to live. But as I realize further and further the impossibility of getting that chance, at least not having to suffer anymore slowly becomes more and more enticing.

The one post I won't tolerate is saying go to college in New York, now. I hate New York and everything about it and am 100% positive I want to move. Do not say there is no heaven or wherever you go there you are or anything of the sort. I am not in the slightest idealistic and I know everywhere has problems, no less than I know that the only possibility of me being happy is moving. If it took more than 4 years to save up enough to move while living here I would accept that if I knew that once I moved out I would never have to live with my mom again, but at the same time I would rather die than live here for another 4 years in this condition while also being busy in college and having zero to show for it except less money and more debt. This goes for 2 years (community college) also. Or living in the city which I also hate, and I know there are no perfect cities no less than I know there are cities substantially different than New York City.  And I am never living in a dorm situation again. From experience at two different colleges I know it's a nightmare with zero independence or privacy. I want to get a job, save up, move to a city, and go to a city funded college in the city, whilst having a job to support myself. I'm positive I want to go to The West Coast or Europe. I am realizing that it may be impossible, and so the only other possibility is death.

You could say I could move to a place with a job with the degree but then I should be able to move with a job without that. This world is evil!! There is a caste system that kills young people that "have no skills" by only letting them have kitchen or customer service jobs, kicking them out of that, blaming them, denying their survival (unemployment/food stamps/housing) while they look for a job and the only way out is to take out a loan and being in debt for thousands if not hundreds of thousands of dollars. This is the most evil plutocratic thing ever. The world is truly by and for the rich.

My friend who I no longer really talk to (since he blames me for not having a job) has EU citizenship through his mother and lives in France as a full citizen. He is the luckiest person I know. My mother was born in the USA but my father in Iran. I sometimes think of getting Iranian citizenship since I wouldn't have to pay for college, small potatoes compared to the work of learning Farsi.

Recently, a thought has come to mind that describes my life. "I am asking for nothing and I can't even have that." If I was asking for a house, a car, a job that paid enough to support a wife, pets and two kids, it would be different, but I'm not asking for any of that. I just want to live alone, have at least some time to pursue things like art that matter to me even if that always has to be on a shoestring budget, and any mediocre job that is at least manageable if not difficult. This has not been difficult, it has been an impossible ideal.

No wonder I am depressed. An unemployed no-degree half-Iranian 24 year old NEET teetotalism virgin living in the USA, the most murderous war machine in the world run by Donald Trump, with a psychotic Nazi for a brother, an absent father who thinks I'm a loser and an alcoholic verbally abusive insane mother, with zero friends, an empty wallet and bank account, rejected from every job, every type of job, every place over years because I am told I am incompetent, anxious loser when in reality I am as hard-working as they come.

I'll always know that the problem wasn't my negative thinking. Everyone says, change to more positive thoughts first if you want your life to change. Nothing could inaccurately reflect my situation more than this. I have had so much hope in all of my efforts for something to change or happen, through those very efforts itself mind you, not just waiting for things to change.

I've gotten it out, and even for this board it's a very long post. No offence to anyone here, but I see a lot of posts with a lot of missing capitalization, punctuation, grammar and spelling mistakes. My grammar is anything but perfect or ideal but relatively speaking my writing is pretty polished, if not only superficially as opposed to structurally. I don't take pride in this, but I hope if nothing else the effort to clearly articulate everything thus far shows. If you've gotten this far you must have a thing for reading the thoughts of depressed strangers on the internet. Even if not one person reads it, I at least typed all of it up. And even if someone does, at most they can just reply, just cold words on the computer screen that might as well be my own.

In spite of everything I just said you can say whatever you want. I would rather have people's sincere thoughts and feelings not be stifled from coming out. After all, nothing in the planet makes me angrier than the fact that the job people can't even tell me why they fire me. A gun is put to my head and my last wish is to know why I have to die, and they laugh as they pull the trigger. It is one trillion times more damning and insulting that they hold back on account of my feelings or because they can't be bothered to tell me why they do not hire me than the fact that they reject me to begin with. I've never had a problem of cyber bullying because it's just words on the screen. Say every awful thing if it's what you really honestly feel about me. I'll appreciate the honesty, even. I assume people are reasonably nice here, but the logic still applies.

At the end of the day I want what everyone wants, to be happy. But I've given up on that. I have tried for 5 years which is one fifth of my lifespan. If I cannot be happy at least I can not be unhappy. For now I will keep trying, on an empty tank of gas, every day more emotionally stifling and painful than the last. But like everything, there is a limited capacity to this. And unless suddenly my luck changes the capacity will eventually be reached. And I do not believe in luck, I only use it metaphorically, as metaphorical as it would be to mention my situation improving. Until then, no thoughts, well wishes, feelings or prayers can help me. Only tangible improvement, which I know damn well can only be brought about by my own efforts, which the blamers, that is to say, everyone I make the mistake of mentioning all of this to, love to tell me more than anything. I am making those efforts. You know the results. Medical problems, more rejection, violence, more pain. The tangible improvement will either come first, or death by my own hands, which I have had unfathomable patience already in holding off from. But sooner or later the logic of it will become clear. I don't want to die anymore than my biology wants to survive. What will happen will happen, but either way, I dread the pain of the future.