Suicidal for several months. All that bs about how it's just temporary, that's bullshit. Suicidal for months. It keeps coming back.my husband and i talked and it's clear there are no options. He loves me but my mental illness is untreatable.

I have no family and where we live there is no mental health 'care' only people telling you to try harder.

Starvation is my only option. Pesticides are an option, I may look into that actually. I think those are easy to get here. If i can't do that, I think with drugs I can make the starvation less unpleasant. a botched suicide attempt would end me up in jail in this country.  I'm not brave enough to try all the conventional methods. I wish i could catch one of those accidental overdoses like the movie stars get. Handy isn't it.  Even suicide is easier for rich people. 

I told my husband a hundred times. He's the nicest person in the world but my mental illness has gotten so much worse and he's not capable of handling it. we live in the middle of nowhere.  luckily guns are illegal here. 

the only thing that gives me a small measure of peace is committing to doing it. I just have no idea how. i used to be religious. i'm not anymore. this isn't god's fault. some people are just broken. and alone.

i have more respect for people who kill themselves than i do for the normal people who just complain about life and stupid shit like politics. do they have any idea what it's like to be disabled? with no family? and a husband who is so nice but just can't comprehend what is going on?

He's the nicest person in the world. he has friends and does fun things and he doesn't want this to be true.  he also doesn't listen to me. he just doesn't want this to be true. he thinks i'm getting better. I've been sick for two years. I used to be too scared to leave the house. it got better, though. 

then it got worse because he was wanting me to do too much and he just doesn't understand what this is like for me. he's so nice, and i just match his mood and tone and it tricks him, and tricks me too.

death is messy business. i've watched all the documentaries, it's really sad. But i'm sick. I'm sick and so utterly alone. And i'm not going to argue with my husband. if he can't comprehend how unwell i am, then i'm not going to try to make him see.

I didn't know I was so sick when we got married, I thought i could fight it.  I thought it was just a low point. But then we lost everything, things got so much worse.  all therapists do is tell you to try harder and put you on bullshit medication. if that worked, i wouldn't be sick anymore. 

I might write him a letter. He's been through so much. I've put him through so much.  I'm not going to fight for myself anymore. what is the point when you're all alone. 

starvation or pesticides it is. 