Inconsequential RamblingsI've been through some hard times. But they were a long time ago. I've come to understand that the troubles in my life now are a result of the shit I went through over 7 years ago now. Not directly. There comes a time in everybody's life when they realize they are responsible for their choices and I certainly am. But can I be held accountable for what happened to me?

People don't change. Life doesn't change. Not without cutting ties and a massive effort that most people aren't really capable of. Maybe myself included. Idk. I'm trying now though. I'm back in school but I'm stumbling across the same bull shit problems that I did the last time around 4 years ago. Seclusion. 

When you have a hard time in your life that doesn't go away quickly it really fucks you up. Every day I faced dread that most of my peers had never experienced and never will. Prolonged exposure to that sort of shit changes a person. Literally changes you. Your synapses change. Different neural pathways become ingrained like trenches, ruts that become almost impossible to climb out of. Your brain fucks itself to cope. Add isolation to the concoction and the result is one train-wreck of a personality. I.E. Me. 

My dad died suddenly and without warning and my mom confessed her suicidal thoughts to me. I was still just a boy. Fucked up man. Gone forever was the happy family. Gone forever. Gone in a god damn instant with so little left that you almost wondered that it even existed in the first place. Holding onto the memories is like grabbing smoke. 

The shit continued as years later her being a widow can't afford the house anymore so we lose it. My fucking home. The place I grew up. Gone now likely forever. I'm holding out a place in my heart that someday I will be successful enough to buy it back but despite my sincere fucking efforts in school now I feel I am only acting in vain. There is just too much. My thoughts run depraved and desperate and just by my demeanor I alienate myself. I am alone in the crowd. Going through the motions. Smiling. Polite. Happy. Normal. But it's a thin veneer. 

And nobody understands. 