Nothing makes things betterI am 26 years old jobless guy who didn't finish his master's degree. Ironically I actually completed more credits than required but I got C grades or lower in 4 subject. As a result of universities policy I was dismissed without the Masters degree. Because I don't have the degree I can't find a job as I'm in a foreign country. So I just stopped caring about career, working etc and haven't worked in like 2 years. I skated by, borrowing money from friends and while I paid most of it back, I still got a lot of debt. So I stopped talking to people at all and stopped going outside or pretty much doing anything, just get up do stuff on laptop eat go to sleep. And now I'm absolutely hopelessly unable to pay rent or even buy food. My mom and dad fight all the time and dad has mentally emotionally even physically abused us for years. I don't ask money from them coz well I don't want to and they won't give it. Mom will but not Dad and since Dad doesn't give her any money she has to work so I can't ask her. I haven't told them of the terrible situation I am in. I think they do care but mostly because it will make them look bad. I don't find enjoyment in any of my old favorite things or any present or future stuff. Many of my friends have found success in jobs relationships etc but since I am so ashamed of myself I can't even talk to them, not even to congratulate them. No big tragedy has hit me like for example hurricane Harvey wrecked Houston, people died, they lost their house, cars, pets etc but I was completely unharmed by it. Walked around aimlessly at peak night time but no thug or junkie has ever attacked me stole my wallet phone  etc stuff like that. I want to end this hopeless life but I simultaneously think it is both pathetic and beyond my strength to do so. Don't think I'll ever be able to jump in front of a car or train coz well I figure if I get hit and don't die straightaway I'll be a crippled loser which I believe is worse than just loser. I am so done. 