i dont know know what to doi hate saying this but i don't know what to do, i am 16 and in my mind i am thinking, wow how pathetic, i'm 16! of course i'm suicidal and seeking attention. but i have felt like this since i was a little kid, but even worse now, my mom always yelled at me about how i'm going to grow up to be homeless and a failure, all just because i didn't do a simple chore, i was always lazy and shit. i'm so weak, why am i complaining when there are other people getting abused and neglected constantly, and i'm crying all because my dad called me useless, and i can never be serious in front of my friends, so they'll never believe me if said i want to kill myself. all i want is to be happy again. my hobby is cooking and usually do that when i'm in a good mood i stopped cooking for a month, and i would stay in my room locked up and only get a few hours of sleep and then miss school. my parents noticed i was being weird but the thing is, i don't think they believe i could ever be depressed, either that or they just don't know anything about mental illnesses. i can't really self diagnose myself, but i did stop eating and i didn't want to talk to anyone, and i didn't laugh or get angry, all my grades in school dropped and that made me feel even more horrible. my dad asked me if i was getting bullied, but i wasn't and he said that's all he could think of.  i know they care for me, but it's kinda hard to believe that when today my dad yelled at me and it's usually my mom who yells at me but he said, you are not an adult and you can't just do whatever the hell you want, you keep giving us an attitude and i'm sick and tired of it. he said a whole lot of other stuff, and i know my parents work and shit just to come home to keep my brother and i happy, it's just that, you can't buy happiness, and they keep doing that, they buy me whatever to keep me happy, but it only makes them mad, and i don't want them to just keep giving me shit, because, i'm trying to make it easy for them, but then they get mad and call me spoiled and make me feel like shit, i want to talk to them but every time i do they just say "what" because they are old and they can barely hear so i speak louder, and then they think i'm giving them an attitude and then they mad at me and then i can't really tell them how i feel, they refuse to get hearing aids or at least something to help them hear, they are always mad and keep disappointing them, they are both old fashioned, so whatever is happening to me, they don't understand. i just don't know if can live like this, no one can help me, i'm stuck here thinking i'm a failure, and i am, i want to die, every person i talk to tells me it will get better, but how can you say that when it just gets worse. i even managed to cut myself and it didn't hurt, it did, but i didn't care. i don't know why i cut myself, why did i cut myself today. i don't know what's wrong with me.