Cops called on my dadHere is the story of when my mom called the cops on my dad. I'm 24 now and this happened when I was in middle school but I still think about it. My dad, stepmom, and grandparents were all sitting outside on the porch. I can't remember everything my dad was saying to me but I snapped and starting saying "I'm tired of people treating me this way and always talking crap about me it's not right". Pretty much started crying and breaking down. Then he got up grabbed me by my throat and dragged me and started shaking me while yelling in my face. Everyone was yelling "stop" but noone got up to do anything. My sister whose a year younger than me ran up and started hitting his back to get him off me. Then he turned around to face her and I yelled "Don't touch her". Then we ran inside to her room and started packing to run away. We also called my mom and she got worried and called the cops. My dad came in the room and all he said was "Go clean your room" and had a angry crazy look. Then the cops showed up and I could hear my family laughing outside (like I said in a previous post they are very manipulative and charming). It made my stomach sick. I remember a cop talked to me in my room and saw I had a piano in my room and said it looks like I have a nice life here. This was my grandma's house btw. I told him "They buy things for you but then treat you badly". It's true my grandparents spoiled us. I would honestly trade anything materialistic for loving parents. I didn't expect the cops to do anything but surprisingly my dad left me alone for a while that day. And instead of my family being mad at my dad for doing that to me they were mad at my mom. I think about this a lot lately. Everyone tells me he's changed. But I saw him at my grandparents last week and heard him tell my 11 year old sister "I'm tired of wasteing F-ing oxygen talking to you". Because she forgot to take her medicine. It just hurts so bad that she's talked to like that. Being talked to like that breaks you down. I feel my suicidal thoughts, anxiety and depression are because of my childhood. I'm starting to get full on panic attacks now. I always feel like I have a heart flutter and like I might have a heart attack sometimes from all the stress.