Another one from me, sorry.I'm becoming something of a nuisance on this site by now I'm sure.

It seems that I just lost the only thing that was giving me any sense or purpose or reason to live.

I have already lost all of my (online) friends. I have disconnected from social media, I don't go out, I am completely alone.

I really miss my friends. I only knew them online, but I cared about them. Every rejection hurt me. Every rejection took a piece of me, and now I have nothing left. I am incapable of forming new friendships, because I know I can't stand being hurt again, and I will be hurt. Even when I had friends, I had to make new ones (online, of course) replace the old ones as they got tired of me and left me. So I always had a small group of people to chat to. Once I stopped replacing the old friends that rejected me, I ended up alone. 

I have lost contact with the one girl I love. She never cared about me, and we only knew each other online, but still, I had a little hope, which is gone now. With her, and a few other rejections, I lost my capacity to love.
I really miss her. We used to be, I would think, fairly good friends. But I told her how I felt about her too soon, and I just didn't give her room to breathe, so she left too. I really screwed that one up, that was classic autism. I never got angry or argued with her, but I made "mistakes", just, social mistakes. I will never get another chance with a girl like that, that's all gone now.

All I had was my work, and my legacy. That is now gone too. I am too stupid to complete the project that I assigned for myself. This was the one thing I was supposed to be good at. This is the one thing where having an ASD might actually be helpful, and I couldn't do it. There is noone to blame for this but myself.

I don't know how long it is going to take for me to end this, but I hope it won't be more than a few weeks. I can't stand the pain anymore, I can't stand the failure, I can't stand my wasted life. 

I should have many, many happy memories and a successful, happy life by now, but instead I have nothing, I am a miserable lonely loser. I have no reason to live.