Nobody cares Its just too much 
I don't know what to do with my life anymore. I feel like I will grow up to be a useless shit, at school I'm a failure. I keep trying as hard as I can but, I just can't pass. Every time I find a way I can possibly go by it fails me, I feel as if every day I'm dragged down more and more theres no way I can catch up. I'm actually among one of the last 100 people that are doing poorly in school. I feel stupid and useless, I'm a complete failure to my family. I don't know why I'm still alive if all I have waiting for me is failure and a shit life. Every time someone asks me how school is going I just any help but feel like crap because the truth is that I'm failing 5 classes out of 7. It's not just my problems with education, my social life is practically nonexistent. I don't have much friends or anything and I doubt any of them give a fuck about me. According to most to my sister (and other people in my family that are my age) it would be better if we weren't seen together because I'm an embarrassment. I know I'm not good looking and I'm freaking fat (20 pounds overweight) so I guess I know why people don't want me around. I feel like I drag people down with me and people see me as a piece of shit on society. I haven't felt happy in a long time, I guess I've felt happy moments but never truly happy. Compared to everyone else I'm nothing I'm just a loser seeking attention. I feel like an attention whore because theres so many people with problems and I'm here asking for sympathy. At home i'll never make my parents proud, I'll always be an embarrassment to my sister and a burden to everyone else. Nobody cares, everyone says its just because I want attention and I want sympathy because I'm pathetic. All I've ever wanted was someone to actually care about me, or not think I'm a piece of shit. I wish I did good in school, but it won't happen. Why do I keep going? 
I feel like a stupid dramatic little girl, because maybe its just a faze, I'm a 16 year old girl and maybe it will pass.
I think if I died, no one would care, there would just be less shit in society.
In the end I serve no purpose to the social organism of humanity and nobody could give a shit about me.

