I have nothing to offer, I feel guilty for being alive and I’m a waste of taxpayers money.I’m a 29 year old “high functioning” autistic male and I’ve been living on benefits all my life. I have a severe panic disorder that society likes to pretend doesn’t exist so they can call me lazy etc though right now for the past year or so it’s pretty manageable. However my depression has taken the spot light but strangely that is manageable too and there seems to be a pattern. When I’m really depressed my anxiety gets better, when I’m really anxious my depression gets better, probably because they serve as centralised distractions.

I used to be dramatically depressed, very emotionally volatile however I made huge progress with depression around the age of 22, I (personally) saw suffering as a choice from then on and still do now and it’s strange to feel like I might take my life someday but also not feel like I’m suffering or struggling, I feel disappointed in who I am and my limits, I feel pretty numb but most of all I just feel useless and at worse I feel like I’m just cheating life playing my PlayStation, doing art and music all with fairly expensive equipment that I’ve never earned while people have to struggle working jobs they hate. It’s not fair, I shouldn’t be here, I deserve nothing.

My art and music I’ve done my entire life and always had at least a glimmer of hope that I could make something of it but as I get older I realise my limits, I know my capabilities and I’m never going to get anywhere with them and get out of benefits. I’m selfish for not wanting to work a job that will make me even more miserable, I wanted to be a firefighter but don’t have the qualifications and don’t have the capability of achieving those qualifications as I’m severely discalcular.

I recently got into a relationship 6 months ago and feel guilty for being her boyfriend because she deserves so much more. 

I wish I could be a better son to my parents who I feel sorry for because I’m their son and me just being like this makes them feel pity and even though I’m not a parent I can painfully see what it’s like to worry about your children as I see it in my mother.

I’ve always fantasised about suicide even as a child after being around two suicides. It feels like a desire in a way and really it feels inevitable.

I’m nothing, I have undeserved wealth, I don’t get called a scrounger anymore probably because I haven’t socialised properly in almost a decade now and stay in my flat literally over 99% of my time, but I’ll always feel like a scrounger, I’ll always feel like an outsider, I’ll always feel completely incompatible.

I just don’t know what the point is, it’s too selfish to keep ignoring it and enjoying the things I still enjoy and haven’t lost to depression and anxiety.

That’s it, I just wanted to say something to someone, I’m not even sure why because I won’t really take on board anything anyone says to me because I’m set in my ways and I know my personal truth and my capabilities.

Thanks for reading though if you did.