Feel like I lost all potential and everything I cared aboutHey guys. I'll start off by saying that my situation really isn't that bad compared to others, I've just been feeling like I'm at a low point recently and I'm incredibly frustrated and need to get some things off my chest. This may just be screaming into the digital void or ranting but at least I can write my feelings down and maybe work through some things as I type.

I graduated college in May. While in college, I worked 30+ hours a week during the school year and 60+ hours a week in the summer to keep my student loans to a bare minimum. Always took the max number of credit hours so I could graduate early, was heavily involved in extracurricular activities, and had 4 internships over the course of my time in school so that I would have the opportunity to move out of my state and go somewhere new where I could at least pretend to make a new life for myself. 

I had 2 jobs offered to me in February and both ended up getting cancelled because of COVID. I graduated without a job and after months of applying for jobs in my field of studies and not getting a single interview,  I ended up taking a manual labor job in my home state in order to pay the bills and save up some money and have now been stuck here for 6 months. Not that there's anything wrong with manual labor jobs or the people employed in this field, but it's not intellectually challenging and I don't see any way for it to take me to places that I want to go or help me reach my goals. I guess I just feel overqualified to be in the position I'm in. I feel like I did pretty well for myself in school and had high expectations and hopes and every one of them has been cut down and all of the time I spent getting decent grades and working internships on top of my job on campus was for naught. 

Finally, I had been dating someone for the first time in a long time when March rolled around, but between the stress of COVID, losing out on two job offers, and now working a minimum of 55 hours a week, she left me over the summer because I couldn't find ways to be very positive about the situation,  never had much time to spend with her, and even when I did I was just too tired and forlorn to be interested in doing much. 

I don't know how to feel good about my situation and am afraid that all of the potential I had has been utterly destroyed and I don't see any way that this will change. Everything I was looking forward to and had worked my ass off for - moving away, starting a promising career, and having a significant other - have all been lost to me in a large part due to COVID. As winter approaches I have been experiencing a growing sense of dread and a lot of suicidal thoughts and emotions. I don't know what can be done nor do I think this post will change anything, but I just needed to talk about how hopeless I feel. I've got a roof over my head, clothes on my back, and food in my stomach, but I kinda just want to give up. If I'm going to work that hard for nothing then I can't imagine why I even bother continuing with anything.