I can't stop cryingThe last 7 years have done nothing but display how my life can only get worse. 

I've been hit by 6 cars. Lost 4 jobs. Lost the woman I love because of my increasing mental instability. Gotten a felony. Acquired substance issues. I'm homeless.  My parents are moving out of state next year. My transportation doesn't work, the guy I bought it from is ignoring me even though he owes me a spare engine. I have 4 misdemeanor charges to go to court for in the next month alone. 3 of them this week on my birthday.

All my stuff has been stolen. I'm sleeping on concrete and I have no blankets and it's in low 40s. I have no money for food until the 8th. My wallet is stolen so the only work I can get is manual labor and not even on a payroll because I don't have an I'd or social security card to prove who I am. 

I was called terrifyingly evil by the woman I asked to marry. I've been victim to hate crimes as I was beat on by five guys while in jail for being bisexual. 

I have no friends or family that can or is willing to help me.

I've started Self harming by cutting my arms. I constantly think of suicide and everyday I fight the urge to break down crying. Today I couldn't stop and I'm still sobbing as I type this.

I've been applying to jobs but no one wants to hire a felon. And even though I'd pass a background check in 2018, with current record, it's likely I'm going to get either a couple misdemeanors or 3 might be changed into a felony as are for same thing. 

Being hit by those 6 cars has left my body scarred and in pain. I have ptsd and anxiety from them. If a car turns just so in front of me while headlights are on I relive my first accident, which I was told should have killed me. 

I just want to be dead so my suffering will end. I've tried to keep my head up for so long but I just can't do it anymore. I'm broken. I've been warped from a kind sweet hearted man to a sadistic depressed asshole. 

My father is the only one in my family that even talks to me and he is going to another state. I'll never see him again. I have no one and nothing and I don't want to do this anymore.