I feel so trapped in my life.Hey all. I’m 18, female. I’m what most people would call a trans girl but i refuse to use that label. I feel so stuck in my life. I work a dead end cashier job full of ungrateful people (referring to customers, most of my coworkers are great) i hate coming here. Maybe i’m just bored of being a cashier, i’m looking to move positions, but yeah. I have my best friend here sure, but other than that it feels like a chore. The money is an after thought. 

Outside of work, I do nothing productive. I eat the same food, watch the same shows, play the same video games, all that. My days run together so much. I forget when payday is, I remember the days of the week but not the date. I’m very lonely at home too, except my dog and cat to keep me company. My 27 year old brother lives with us, but is always in his room in the garage or at work. My Dad is always home but in his room with the door closed. He typically comes out to make me do random chores that probably didn’t cross his mind until then, or to yell. He does have plenty of good days but like, you get the idea. 

I eat every meal alone, except at work. Hell, the only time I eat food at a TABLE is at work. I eat every meal in my bed, alone. It’s not that bad, but i would much more enjoy it if i had a friend to eat with. I do have plenty of friends but, no one to eat my regular meals with. I do have my friend Alex and her boyfriend I hang out with at least once a week, but hanging out with her is probably the only thing I do outside of work and sit at home. 

I graduated high school in May, one of the corona graduates, but I feel like such a loser compared to so many others around me. I’ll be working a dead end job at Walmart while others are going to college or getting better full time jobs. Meanwhile I’m the lazy girl who lives with her Dad and plays video games all day. I don’t even have my driver’s license. I think I can drove decent enough but, my Dad doesn’t, and I hate his teaching method. He SCREAMS if I make the slightest mistake, and I get an anxiety attack and shut down. Any time the topic of me moving out comes up, he talks me out of it. I don’t have the money anyway. 

My last problem is I’m trans. I started HRT last Monday and no changes yet, but I’m currently terrified of the appointment showing up on my Dad’s insurance. I made sure they took it off but, I’m scared. That’s not what this is about though. I hate being trans. After I had a post of mine reposted to r/itsafetish back in February when it was still around, I instantly gained lots of internal transphobia and became suicidal. I told myself if I couldn’t find a cure, I had to kill myself by my birthday. That was a month ago and I’m still here but, I want a cure. I still want to go to conversion therapy but, there is none around here and corona too. I’ll never pass or be remotely attractive, so whatever. 

Thanks for reading, my lunch is over so I have to get back to work. Bye all.