What can I do with the ressources I have to make my suicide as “convenient” as possible for my wife? I know how absurd and macabre that sounds, but please read the post before you judge me.I’ve been battling with cancer since I was 23. It gets better, it’s in remission, then suddenly I’m told I have metastasis again. Another Chemo, another positive feedback, another check up, another metastasis, hopes crushed again. 

I’ve lived like this for almost half my life, but it feels a lot longer like that. It feels like two lives. A first one full of joy and a second one in constant agony, fear, hopelessness and pain, interrupted by short intervals of hope. 

I’m broke, I’m jobless, I’m in hundreds of thousands of dollars of debt and I know that my wife, whom I love more than anything else, suffers from this. She’s been with me since I was 16 (!) and stood with me all these years. I only call her my wife, though, we didn’t actually marry due to financial reasons. If we legally marry she’s liable for my immense amount of debt, even after my death and I don’t want that. 

After 16 years of on-and-off chemo I know that it won’t get better and that at one point in the near future, maybe 3 years, maybe in 10, I’ll be going the way of anything earthly anyways. I’ve accepted that. 

But I want my wife to have a life. I’ve talked with her about going to Switzerland where assisted suicide is a possibility for foreigners but she refuses to even talk about that. I’ve burst out in tears in the middle of the night telling her that I want to end it, to which she usually bursts out in tears and tells me that she wants to stay with me until the bitter end. 

In other words: She’ll never agree to this, but I just refuse to rob her of the opportunity to have kids and raise a family, which I know she wants. 

I know I’ll hurt her, deeply, which shakes me to my core, but I know she’ll get over it. Eventually.

And I know deep down that she‘ll be thankful at one point. Or at least understand it. 

**This is my reasoning. Please try to understand it and please accept it. Please don’t question it.** This isn’t something I decided out of the blue. 

To my question: 

What can I do, given my circumstances, my financial situation, to make this as “convenient” (lack of a better word) as possible for my wife? 

Thank you for being respectful.

Please only participate in this thread in good faith. 