What's wrong with me?As I write this text I'm bawling my eyes out, I'm ready to call quits.

Earlier this year (early Feb) I had a seizure due to medication widthdrawls. Ever since, I haven't been the same person. I'm in agony 24/7 with thoracic spine and shoulder pains. I can't sleep, I'm barely eating and I've been overwhelmed by ambulance bills, MRI bills, Physio and more. The pain is still an ongoing thing - from day one of the seizure, to today. I'm still in just as much pain.

Recently I obtained enough money to pay for a few things.

Today I finally had the money to go and have an MRI on my thoracic spine and tomorrow I have my first physio appointment finally! Not long after I had an incident at home where all I did was stand up, pick up a plastic bottle with my left hand and all of a shdden I was struck with what I could imagine a katana slicing through me in the right side of my back/spine/shoulder. Instantly I dropped to the floor, screaming/crying in agony (lasting just a mere minute), frightened and comforted by my partner.

Instantly we called my parents, they told me to go to the  hospital - I proceeded to call Healthline and told the RN (Registered Nurse) what had happened and that I had an MRI earlier today and have Physio tomorrow. They suggested to call my GP and when I called for an emergency consultation he said I'd be better of going to physio rather than waiting around in hospital doped up on medication (which is the route I'd rather take because I've been waiting to do this physio for months).


- - - as I get to this part I try to reposition myself in bed and the exact shooting pain happened again (awesome another 30 seconds of hell) I can't keep doing this, I know I should grin and bear it, people are in worse situations and push through so why can't I? - - - 

I guess the thing that gets to me the most is that in the year 2017, I snapped my femur, I have an intramedullary rod (titanium rod and screws) going through my femur and knee. Anyhow, it took two and a half years for me to get back on my feet - I pushed so hard through work and physio (retail work on a broken leg) on schedule 8 medications and my leg finally healed. I finally got strong enough to cut down to nothing (medication)! Not being reliant on medication to get through life was a huge step for me, I made major strides in the 6 months before the seizure and now I feel like I'm back at square one. However, this time I'm unable to work, I'm unable to do so much more and I'd personally class this back pain as worse than having that major accident I had in 2017.

I feel like my life is going to be full of acute and chronic pain forever and if that's what's in store for me I want out. Ive witnessed it first hand with my father my whole life and I just can't keep staying strong like he does, I'm trying my hardest, my absolute hardest to put on a fake smile and 'grin and bear' through the pain because I've been through 'worse'

I didn't know what to write or how to write what I'm thinking or how I'm feeling. I just needed to vent, I don't want to bring pain to anyone else because of my own suffering but I don't have the strength anymore. :/

If anyone reads this. Thank you and I'm sorry for the extremely poor structure, grammar and basic writing abilities. I can't think straight. I just needed to let it out because I don't want to burden my partner anymore than I already have..  

I want my life back, I want to be happy, I want to be a good partner, family member, friend and I don't want to be scared anymore. I want to complete my studies and become the nurse I dreamt of becoming now it's all an illusion.


-LR