At least we all have something in common: tired of this world I have severe depressive disorder. hypocondria. ocd. adhd. ptsd (childhood). I'm fat - I live in the most self centered city ever, Orange county CA. I work for a company that only cares about deadlines/money. My family uses me. Girls dont give me the time of day. Friends are few, few, few and far between. 

Everyone seems so happy. Carefree. People around me seem to be getting their way. I, I am a shell of someone I once knew. I used to be a loving, kind and warm person. Now I am cold, envious, bitter - empty. 25 years on this planet, 25 years of happiness and sorrow. The sorrow outweighs the happiness by miles. I try to smile, but how can I be content when I know it's a lie. 

I really have no more zest for life. I have no dreams. Every day is a redundant cycling of the same shit - but it never gets easier. What I am working for? I smoke because its my only real pleasure. I work out and diet to try and burn this fat body suit off, but its a slow, monotonous process. No love from my family, ex's have left me in droves. I am a loser. I've been told it before, but I believed they just were being mean. No... no I really am a sad man. A pathetic excuse for someone my age. It has to end - but I don't know when


i try to find love with women because there is 0 love in my life. i am just ranting, yelling into the breeze because to contain these thoughts in my head any longer is going to drive me insane. i've tried to reach out but people in my life only care about themselves. im so tired of this shit guys, im so tried of growing into this person who i never knew id become. im so alone, so fucking alone every god damned day of my life. i try to connect, i try to find people to love me, but i come off as desperate because I AM! I am desperate for some love in my life. my mother abandoned me for my step father; he abused me, mentally and physically all my life. i feel sick

im losing my mind, to call it a downward spiral would mean that i once had a peak to fall from - there was never a peak. I just breathe to do it. what is this life about? is death REALLY that bad? Is eternal nothingness as bad as this pain i must endure and cope with and battle every fucking day of my life? what do i do? 