Not getting this job may very well cost me my life.Throwaway. 29/m/TX. I apologize in advance for what will most likely be a jumbled post, as my mind has been all over the place. I’ll try to make this short, while still including details I feel are important to me and / or relevant to understanding how I’ve arrived to where I am today. So please, bare with me.

I’ll start off by explaining what’s held me back the most; I’ve been in more trouble with the law than most “career criminals”. Ranging from possession(misdemeanor and felony), DWI(s), to being a felonious puppy knapper. Yeah, you read that right, I was a participant in stealing puppies when I was barely 18. Most of my criminal activity happened 8-10 years ago. All stupid, “what were you thinking”, kind of stuff. Never served any time for any of my multiple offenses, primarily due to family having money. But I’ve held myself 100% accountable for my actions and in no way blame anyone for my actions. Life’s about choices, and well, I’ve made some poor ones. I know I’m not a bad person. But, cue the worlds smallest violin, I was raised in a rather toxic household during most of my adolescence. Toxic in the way of parental mental abuse fueled by alcohol, Prozac, Vicodin, Xanax, etc., you name it, my mom doctor hopped her way into it. In doing so, she left a hefty trail of destruction I intend to never allow to persist in my life, and especially in my (hopefully) future kids / family’s lives. Things like her hopping curbs at the school roundabout, driving into low water crossings with my 5 year old self, to prolonged mental manipulation and coercion. 

I initially believed my dad to be an awful human because of her. So much so, that he came home from work to find out he was getting a divorce by seeing his youngest son packing up the kitchen. Awful. And mind you, my father is no saint, but he has done more for me than I think I’ll ever truly understand. It took me until I was 25 to finally cut ties and estrange my mother. By doing so, I was able to have a clearer mind about what I went through and gained a more holistic sense of what all crated the chaos during my childhood.

Now, because of the immaturity my upbringing inevitably helped foster, and my many run-ins with the law, it’s been impossible to find a good job/career. And that’s all I really want, a stable career that’ll allow me to eventually afford to support a family of my own.

I’ve held the same $10hr plus “spiffs” job, that offers no real upward potential, for almost 6 years now(3 of those were while I was attending, and graduated from, a U.S. News top 75 university). I use quotations because the actual spiff/commission payout is minuscule. I feel it’s important to say, this industry is where almost all my work experience has stemmed from, basically since I was legally able to work, and even some before I was even legally old enough to do so. I enjoy working. Makes me feel productive and overall of use. But due to many factors, this industry has essentially evolved into service / retail with an emphasis on sales. And I need out. I am way under employed and it’s weighing heavily on me.

In the past 3 or so years since graduating from this major university, I’ve applied to countless positions. Many I knew I wasn’t going to be able to get, due to my record, but know I have the education and skill set to perform them at a high level. Regardless, I tried to remain optimistic and see those interviews as learning experiences. Worst part about it, I’ve rarely not made it to the final round stage of these processes. Only to have the good ol criminal background come up at the end and completely take me out of it. The decisions I made 10 years ago are continuously holding me back.

Currently, I’ve been interviewing with a good company due to a referral an extended family member helped establish. They, this family member, know some, but not all, of my mistakes. Not sure they know I’m a twice convicted felon but I know they’ve disclosed that I have a criminal record to my referral who works for xyz company. I know I really killed the interview. Like, knocked it out of the park. So much that this referral texted afterwards to tell me, “Dude the interview must’ve gone great! **** said you were hands down the best they’ve seen. **** was thoroughly impressed. You’ll definitely hear about next steps within the next week. But most likely even sooner.” I left feeling the most confident I’ve felt in idk how long.

See I had previously accepted a job offer with the assumption that a recruiter disclosed my whole background, as I did with them, just to have the offer pulled the Sunday before I was supposed to start. It was a sales position with a lot of potential for professional growth, much like the current one I’m interviewing for. And now I’m scared.

The previous offer being pulled really hit me hard. Depression beyond previous comprehension. Suicidal thoughts, etc. Fortunately I didn’t turn to drugs, alcohol, or anything like that. Well, maybe a shit ton of nicotine. But I’ve since quit that habit after 12+ years due to a comment made by a fellow Redditor, u/procrastinare. P.s. I thank you for your brilliant insight on smoking. It helped me to stop smoking cold turkey now almost a month. Long way to go. But it’s crazy to think it’s been so long since smoking. I digress...

Now for the confession; I’ve began almost fantasizing about my suicide just thinking I won’t get this job due to similar circumstances as the last one. Today they asked me to fill out an application, that they never sent me before any of the previous interviews, and it’s making me feel like I’m right back where I was previously. Breaking curtilage, but never bursting through that door to actually get my shot at a career. I’m stuck in a loop of potential and rejection, and I now fear no end. This fear has be thinking of taking my next paycheck, buying a gun “legally” from a person through a private sale, and, well, yeah. Adios.

Here in Texas you can find people on Facebook to buy/trade guns with and 99.99% of the time there’s never any questions of background. Sometimes they take a pic of your license and / or have you sign some bs bill of sale. But in the long scheme of things, it’s a mere rain drop of an inconvenience. As a felon I’ve personally used it to buy a Sig Sauer 1911 as protection, until I finally realized / accepted my being a felon with a handgun is absolutely illegal and not worth the repercussions. So I got rid of it. However, the simplicity of it all makes me consider it as a viable option to assist in me ending my life if I’m unable to find a job to help me afford the thing that’s most important to me. A family.

I really don’t want to act on these thoughts. But I also can’t go on living like this, never living up to my potential, and being a continuous burden on my family financially. I’ll never get anywhere living off my dads financial assistance. Especially not in dating and especially if I want to achieve my main goal of growing my own family. No woman would want to date and depend on that. And I can’t blame them. I’d offer no security beyond the accomplishments of greater men in my family have achieved. But I don’t feel I’m left with many other options. On paper I’m a liability. In person I’m an asset. And deep down I know I am an asset. Truly. I just can’t get anyone to look past the liability aspect.

Worst part is, my being a more-less of a realist, I know damn well if I were in their shoes I’d make the same decision to not hire me knowing there are X amount of people behind me that aren’t a liability. And because of that, I’m struggling with continuing to fight the good fight. I feel helpless due to my previous self. I’m stuck and can’t shake this feeling.


Edit: I've been up all night mulling this post, so I need to get to sleep. Almost 5am local time. Unlike my previous post 8 months ago relating to this topic, I'll be back to hopefully gain insight. Goodnight and thanks in advance for anything that's offered as help.

Edit2: so I awoke this morning, Saturday, to voice and emails from HR about extending an offer. Of course the application was pushed and did include a large section about criminal background. Reached out to the employee who was my reference and disclosed my past with him, rather than HR. As the HR head has an obligation to the company to disclose any and all relevant information. He promptly laughed hysterically at my being a felonious puppy knapper, which was a sigh of relief. He then reached out to his buddy in HR and seems like I may have a pretty good chance to have this stuff over looked based on how I presented myself and performed during the interview process. I’m in no way out of the woods yet. But happy to see some glimpses of light. 

Thanks to those who reached out and helped me gain the insight and courage I needed to follow through on this. 