There's no other optionHi all,

Sorry for the burn account but I'd rather not have this tired to me. All my life I've had bad luck with pain and medicine. Now in my mid 20s have had numerous spine surgeries, stomach disorders, depression, etc as well as shitty friends. Can't catch a break, that's for sure.

But today I was in the ER in the worst pain of my life. It's been getting worse you see, but nothing like this. Curled up, grabbing my stomach, screaming for my mom level of pain. And surprise surprise, as always, there was no problem to be found. I've actually toyed with the idea that I'm spiritually cursed. You may laugh, I sure did once, but it's the only way to explain this constant almost mystical pain that is apparently neither physical or mental. Maybe I was a shit in a past life and have to accept reincarnation. Maybe god/the universe hates me. Hell, maybe I'm just supposed to be dead.

What's worse is I am both a known occultist and psychologist. My life revolves around control of oneself and helping others, yet I'm helpless to control or help myself. I'm a hypocritical failure **at best** in the area I truly dedicated myself too. This all is probably what lead to a 20+ year old man cutting for the first time since high school. Fuck "cutting", more like mutilating my leg with a knife. But it doesn't help. There's no pain quota to reach or absolution for unknown "sins", just a pathetic man with no control harming his own body - the ultimate no no of psychology and occultism alike.

And tonight I realized it's all futile. Whatever is wrong with my, be it fluke or god,will only get worse. Infinitely. Until I die. I will never get to live my life, never find happiness or peace or comfort. Those who love me are simply trapped in my eternal prison as well. My efforts for health and happiness will always fail. Which brings me to the interesting point in all this - suicide as the most level headed and realistic option. Not a reaction or anything suicide is usually made out to be. The only choice that is rationally is for me to kill myself. Nobody would even blame me.