y'all i'm about to go to bed but pls read this for a minutei'm fuckin struggling with life and shit but you know what even at my worst i always find reasons to not give up

the most obvious one might be my family or friends, but you know, i know a lot of you people are alone and may not even have someone close like that that you need to stick around for

so you know what? don't do it for anyone else. do it for yourself. they say suicide is selfish but we all know we think about it because it's the fastest relief obtainable, right? fuck that noise.

think about the next movie coming out that you want to see. or video game. think about, like, the next good food you're gonna eat. the next thing you're going to laugh at. why not fucking live for those moments? we enjoy them when they come, and even when we're at our lowest lows, they come, right?

fuck the holidays. it's all consumerist bullshit anyway. you know, it takes time to build families and friendships. you can't instantly jump into them. it's something you have to work towards. and maybe you're not in a place to do that right now. so treat YOURSELF like you're your own family, because you are. you have to have your own back if no one else does.

and once you start to take care of yourself, investing in hobbies and your health and shit, you'll become a positive force other people can flock to.

don't fucking tell me you can't do it. you just don't want to do it right now. i get it. but really, everyone is CAPABLE of doing it. brain chemistry, shitty environments, and past trauma be damned. if you can stick it out until you get out of your awful situation, or until you can find a good medication, or you discover new coping mechanisms, then you're fucking golden.

it's going to take a lot of work. you might relapse. that's FINE. you're allowed to feel upset, for pete's sake! you don't need other people's validation. validate YOURSELF.

just, listen. whatever's got you despairing right now? i know it fucking sucks. it may suck for a while. i don't know your specific circumstances. maybe it's permanent. who fucking cares. people adapt. YOU WILL adapt. you just have to give yourself time and think about what you can do to enjoy yourself in the moment.

all it takes is some distraction, sometimes, until you're in a bit of a better place. that's what hospital wards are for. temporary holds until you're a bit more stable. so just hold on and wait for a better moment.

don't do it for anyone else. do it for YOU.