sighI had a panic attack and I started to feel dizzy and numb in areas. It was really weird. I told my best friend. She was obviously concerned and I told her I'd get help and call 91. She said she found my brother on FB and would message him. Thing is, he doesn't use FB that often or have notifications for it. By the time he read the message it would be later on and very embarrassing to me. But if he did, he wouldn't be able to do anything anyways because he wasn't home at the time. I didn't want him to worry and I was calling 911 anyways. She kept saying she would call him and I told her to STOP.

Immediately she tells me to fuck off. And once I feel better she leaves me. Alone. I felt like utter shit. I've faced enough rejection in my life as is, she knows this, and what do I do? Nothing. Instead of being upset or disassociating like I normally do with people, I try to work it out with her. She didn't listen at all. She just kept telling me its "over" and that things are being broken off. That she doesn't want to "talk" about it anymore. She said I was upset at her, that she tried all she could, etc. Like no, I was not upset at all. But me telling her that didn't matter. She kept insisting I was. And yes, I'm so grateful for her help, but really contacting my brother wouldn't do anything.

I just kept trying to tell her I wasn't mad, etc. That the brother thing wouldn't have worked.

I understand she was upset because she was afraid and it was a misunderstanding that she thought I was mad. But if I clarify to her a million times what really went on, shouldn't it be just that?

All I wanted was for her to understand everything was ok. With me and us. That I wasn't mad, that I know she tried and that she didn't do anything wrong. I needed her there, I wanted her to stop already and just be there for me. The panic attack happened because I started thinking of stuff and I didn't even get a chance to open up to her about it. She never called me, was just continually upset. It's the worst feeling ever. I had to sit there trying to get her to calm down so I can open  up and have her there for me... but not leave me in the middle of it all.

Normally by the point of her saying "fuck off" I'd be like "fuck off too" and stuff. But I kept it together for so long. Till it was painfully clear I wasn't going to get my best friend back. It's like, it was already obvious she wasn't going to be there for me. But I sealed the deal by finally snapping and basically saying mean stuff. I just felt like it didn't matter... I already lost her and was still alone the entire time through the thing. So whatever. Now she's using what I said as part of the reason to leave me, telling me she deserves better than that, etc. So ok. Good for her. I hope she's happy.

I want to send some of her stuff back. I bought a ticket for L.A. to surprise visit her at work on her birthday when she thought I'd be in dominican. Idk if I can even get a refund but it's not like it matters. Enjoy the $$ west jet.

So yeah here I am. I already wanted to do it with her around. No offense to her. Now I truly have nothing. I'm done. Life has dealt me a really bad card and I don't have the strength to try anymore. Sometime this week, tonight or tomorrow, I am going to that bridge and jumping. I've fantasized about it forever, survived a real suicide attempt before and a few petty ones. This time I'm really done. I'm not posting this for attention, I'm posting this because I don't want to be alone in it. Knowing someone read this and that my message is out there is what I need. So please no PM's trying to save me or asking me how my day went is. Just thank-you for reading.