My father encouraged me to kill myself.I went to go to school and came back home because I was feeling nauseous. I never felt nauseous when I go around people, but this time something was really making me sick. So I told my driver to go back home and when I went back to the house, my mother was there at the front. She asked me why I came back. I told her that I wasn't feeling well so I sat at the table to have some tiny sips of water. Then that's the time when my father went in and asked me why I didn't go to school. Same response. I went to my room to check my eyes (I only slept for four hours) and that's when he barged in. He asked me "Why were you staying on the *[redacted]* floor of the school?". I tried to say something like "I wanted to be alone. I felt depressed." (In fact, I was up there walking around and crying for two hours straight without anything to drink between that time) then got interrupted and he started saying awful things like "IF YOU WANT TO KILL YOURSELF, GO KILL YOURSELF!" and "GO KILL YOURSELF! GO FUCKING KILL YOURSELF! GO ON THE FIFTH FLOOR AND DO IT IF YOU REALLY WANT TO KILL YOURSELF!". My mother didn't do much. Just sat there next to me to wipe away my tears. That really left a scar. I hate being in this abusive household. It's awful, and I know some others are having it worse than me. He told me his story that he "had bipolar disorder, PTSD, and anxiety diagnosed by five doctors" and how he's "fighting through it". He said that if he can "fight it" then maybe I can (I mean, people cope with things differently, y'know?). Supposedly, he didn't like the meds and said that he feels better from "God" and by his family. Meaning that his family is the one putting up for this nonsense. He yells at us all the time as a "joke" and pinches me and my three year old sister ...as a JOKE. I've never seen him not argue with my mother on front of me. He could just be less selfish to take his damn meds even though he "doesn't like it" for his family. He attempts to drink secretly but gets drunk and then caught anyways. Anyways, while he was babbling about his little story of the past and how his parents influenced him to become a psycho (He never told me about that, but it's like his parents really influenced him!), all I did was just say "OKAY". I told him that he was escalating this problem and that he was just contradicting. He wanted to make me feel sympathetic and heed his dumb "kill yourself" advice as advice to "man up". Oh, what the hell. I can't even tell them jokes without them turning them into serious conversations or lectures, ask them for advice, talk to them personally or even ask a simple question, yet they still ask me to "express myself". I really can't tell who is more pathetic between someone who is trying to prove two people who just think they're right all the time, or parents yelling at their fourteen year old daughter because she cried and walked around. I feel terrible and I just wanted to end it. I can't even approach to talk to them when they're in a "good mood" cause I'd ruin it and they'd leave me standing alone. This happened twice. It's like they don't want me near them but they also keep pestering me about "not visiting them". I don't want to go to foster care and lose everything I have. I go to a psychologist, but the office is two hours away from my home and I feel terrible afterwards. That's not overall rewarding just to get sick and forget about everything they said. I don't know what to do now honestly.

Update: Nice, now he barged in my room again and asked why I am mad at him. What a fool. The reasons are obvious but he's too dumb to see it. He proceeded to tell me that "IF YOU COMMIT SUICIDE, YOU'LL GO TO HELL!". He just doesn't ever calm the hell down. I don't want to see him ever again. I have siblings and I fear that they will go through the same later in their life.