Would rather be numb.I feel like I was born with every advantage possible. Loving mum, comfortable home life, no disabilities, prosperous safe country, intelligence, etc. On the surface, to everyone else, I'm fulfilling it: i have a degree, a stable job which pays me more money than I know what to do with, good friends, family etc.

But sometimes, like right now, my mind collapses. A sense of impending doom closes in around me, i wake up at 2am in a complete panic. Voices in my head which can't be silenced, saying that I've completely messed up my life and don't deserve anything anymore. That all this is self-inflicted due to past mistakes, and it's all my fault. They spew gall which builds up inside me, until the only option is go cry, punch my pillow and scream for them to shut up.  "I've done nothing wrong!" Or drink until I'm numb. Just curl up and sleep. Or, if they're not particularly severe, talk to someone and get outside my mind. But as soon as I stop, they come back. Each one coupled with a bolt of anxiety. You weren't perfect, so you've destroyed your life. You will never have peace again. Doom is around the corner. 

You've destroyed everything.

It first started 5 years ago. I got onto meds, Lexapro. Wow, I was a new man. Everything was fine, until January this year. I went to the bathroom. Blood. Holy-crap-what's-going-on-Im-gonna-die! Taxi to the E.R. Not hemerrhoids. Saw my GP. Told her about my mental state. Pristiq. Colonoscopy. Emptied myself, a little more blood. Night night. I went under. Wakey wakey. Nothing wrong, except a crack where one shouldn't be. Went on my way. A few weeks later, more blood. Went to a private hospital. 

Infected pilonidal sinus.

Thank you! Saw a specialist. "Wowee," he said. I have to see a plastic surgeon, but can't until May. This is where I stand. I know this is what set it off. Five years of peace and now this? But this isn't normal. It's not normal to have every negative voice swimming inside your skull. 

I saw a counselor this week. She was amazing. Explained everything perfectly. It's a nervous system issue, the brain does a scan for anything unpredictable. The voices are meant to be helpful, they're well-intended. Fantastic! I left feeling really good. But then a voice, just a little whisper in the back of my mind. "She's wrong."

Yesterday I searched for voluntary euthanasia, the thoughts said it's a good idea. You won't die at your own hand that way.

That's it. Went home. Cried. Stayed a friend's place, his cat lied on me. A small comfort, I slept like a log. Today I'm getting an extended med cert, but I'm scared to tell her how I'm off the rails, I'd said i was getting better. Then I'm on a bus, for 7 hours. I'm staying with my mum until Easter, but I'm not sure how I'll last until May.

I would rather be numb. Not feel anything. But I'm not. I'm full of gunk, and pain, and the voices. Oh God. I'm scared. No way out, no peace ever again. I just want them to stop. Don't want them to win. But any positive thought is instantly rebutted, torn down. It feels so hard to fight, I wish I didn't have to. It's so much easier to give up, and self-destruct, and end it all. Ok voices, fine. You're right. I'm screwed.

But my mum, I couldn't do that to her. She already lost her husband, my father. I'm sticking around for her.

I don't want her to bury her only child.