Walking the lineI just want to fucking die. My girlfriend just left me under the pretense that she's holding me back from someone who can "really love me" after I asked that she be more present online (she would go off for like 4-5 days b/c of workload from school). I thought it was reasonable to request that she send a text or two a day just to let me know she's still there. Finally after about 3-4 weeks of this I blew up, unable to take it, unable to believe that she would be so unwilling to communicate if she truly loved me. It was then I realized she'd never really said it. Had ever said "I love you." She revealed to me she had found it draining to talk to someone everyday for even the 2 months we had been together (one bullet to the chest). She told me (though I already knew, we'd talked about it at the beginning) that we had come into our relationship on different grounds: I was i love with her, and she was willing to give me a shot in spite of her history with abusive men. I was looking for a romantic relationship and she was looking for something only a bit above platonic. She enjoyed holding my hand, she said. She enjoyed our time together, she said. But somehow, she wanted to tell me she was holding me back from someone who can "really love me"??? I want her back. I told her that was alright, b/c I didn't want to sound like a douche. I want to chase her, but I don't feel comfortable doing that to her. I want to respect that is how she feels, but she's never really told me that she doesn't love me either. And I know that conclusion is brought about by wishful thinking but it IS true. And I want her back so bad. I want her hand in mine. I want her head resting on my shoulder again. And I had to see her again, at an organization we're both involved in. I didn't know what to say. Didn't know if she'd want me to say anything or if she'd want me to do something. So I said nothing. I stared at the ground and avoided looking at her. We usually always sat together. It hurt so bad. And then at the end, I see her walking briskly off into the night without a glance back, as if to say "That's it. That's the last time you've screwed up. No more chances. We're through." And I almost cried right then and there in front of my fellow volunteers. I had to race off behind the building and bawl like a fucking baby. And I never fucking cry. I get angry instead. So I'm there behind the building crying, bashing the concrete walls with my bare fists, wishing I were just fucking dead.

And on top of all this shit, my grades are abysmal even though I'm a top notch student. My parents hate me, hate who I am. And I've got a paper due tonight in my worst class (grade-wise) that could actually bring my grade back up to at least a B, and here I am fucking typing to random strangers on the internet about how much I want to kill myself. Maybe because I'm on the line between writing this next paragraph and running to a gun range and shooting myself in the head. 