I don't know what to say but i am gonna write it.I am just so suicidal I've planned my suicide and i am going to do it on new year's eve.

I am 24 years old i live in germany and i am not german but still living here I've migrated from my country because I was in danger so now i am a refugee here. 


There is so much happened with me in my life that I can't take it anymore

Me and my family were living in libya I've lived there for 18 years and it was the most beautiful time of my life

I had 2 elder brothers and a sister in law and mom and dad.

My life was really normal as every teenager.

And one day i went to school and my family was gone I've heard the news in the school that my family died in a car crash.

My mom my brothers and my sister in law they all died but my father was alive he was at home.


From that day things changed in my life my father and my relatives started to abuse me physically and verbally and also in School other students started to taunt me without reasons they used to bully me i didn't knew what to do.


And there's an important fact that I am a (gay)

My mother knew it and she accepted me but my father never did when I told him.

When my family was gone my father fixed my marriage with a girl.

And I had to tell my father then I couldn't keep it inside me because I didn't wanted to ruin my life and the girl's life too.

I told my father about my Sexuality and from that time he started to disrespect me more and more and hurted me physically also and used to cuff me that I won't go out of the house.

My life become more and more worse and then my father threatened me to kill me if I won't marry.

I had to do something about it and i had to flee from there.

The only person I could rely on was myself at that time i was just 16 and i was jobless and had no money.

In our countries like ( Asian) (arab) countries when our mothers die they leave something for the children behind.

My mother's gold was in my father's possession which was mine.

And I knew if I would've asked my father for it he would've never gaved it to me.

So i stole it and ran away from my house and contacted an agent who could've sent me to Europe illegally.

Well then i met one and he smuggled me to someone who was sending people to Europe by boat it was the biggest risk of my life that I took and saw many people dying.

Well i survived and reached Europe and when I reached Europe I thought everything was OK then and i was completely fine but it wasn't.

There were alot of people with me because the authorities took us to the camp in italy (Sicily).

We stayed there like for 14 days and we've had our choices if we wanted to travel somewhere else or wanted to stay in italy.

Well people were deciding where they will be going and then I've spoked to some people and they told me italy isn't a good country to stay it's not financially strong and don't have alot of jobs so it's not really good to stay here
We're deciding to go to Germany and I've had some money with me.

I've had that money because I've sold the gold of my mother and got some cash.

Well i came to Germany then and felt peaceful like it is my home i started going to school made new friends learned the language and found the part time job also but have to mention that I've applied for asylum.

And i was in the process of the decision.

And one day a letter arrived at my camp that I can't stay in Germany because of the Dublin law and had to go back to Italy because I've gaved my fingerprints in italy.

Well i was deported back to italy.

It wasn't good Milan (Milano) .

For some months I couldn't find a place to sleep because the places were full.

But I managed to find some places where I could eat food.

But it was so hard to live in the streets but I tried to be strong and face it.

And then I've got a call one day for a place where I can sleep.

It was a big camp there were 600 hundred people in that place.

20 to 40 people in each room with no privacy.

The food wasn't good also but I won't complain about it because at least I was getting something.

I had to wait alot to get the work permit to work and in that waiting period I've learned Italien.

And finally that day arrived when I've got the work permit and I was so happy about it even though things were really bad with me.

Well then i started looking for job but I couldn't find one.

But instead I've found an internship for 3 months in a super market and I was really happy about it.

From my first salary I've rent a room with someone and that place was all mine.

I started to live my life normally and tried to get better everyday and started to save money for my little wishes like ps4 and video games.

I love traveling hiking and also music movies and video games.

Well that day arrived when my internship finished.

And my financial problems began I had problems with paying rent buying food and also had to recharger my phone and i wasn't paying tax because usually with internship we can't afford it the government knows it. 

With Internships we get around like 500 to 800 euros. 

Well i had to leave that place and had to sell my things also had to sell my ps4 which I loved alot and it helped me with my depression. 

Well then I couldn't find anything a job or an internship or something even though I did some courses. 

People were so racist to me because of my colour because of my skin the way I look and so on. 

Even if someone had a job they wouldn't give it to refugees. 


My life was torn apart again and I attempted suicide but survived. 

I had a psychologist also who used to talk to me and helped me somehow with my depression and ptsd also BPD. 

I didn't knew what to do so. 

I kept thinking and thought about coming back to Germany and give it a new try ( i have to mention here that i had Italien work permit with which i was only allowed to work in italy). 

So i came back to Germany and made second asylum request and started to learn German from where i left and in the mean time i fell for someone he was really nice and beautiful and funny i really liked his personality and started to spend more time with him. 

And we spoked about relationships and stuff too and he was always like I love you and blah blah. 

I trusted him and gaved him everything that i had until one day I found out that he was cheating on me and confronted him and then he told me that we're not a thing and we never were it was all just fun. 

I was so broken so depressed so in pain that I wanted to scream and cry but I couldn't i felt like my soul left my body. 


And also got the negative decision from the government and they said i can't stay here have to go back to italy. 

I never wanted alot from my life i didn't had big wishes like to have a big house or a car or something more I wanted to have a family a simple house a simple job and some friends and also a ps4. 

I am in Germany now and they took all my rights away i am without any psychological help without financial help also without friends my friends left me alone. 

I they couldn't send me back to italy because of the corona pendamic but i still have to go back don't know when. 


I've lost everything 

Everything that I wanted 

I am in depression since I lost my family i felt so broken so lonely so helpless can't describe. 

Also i developed ptsd and BPD also social anxiety disorder that i can't even meet people personally now.

I feel so anxious so scared I've lost my confidence myself esteem i can't look into someone's eyes and talk. 

I've distanced myself from everyone and everything I've lost my interest in my hobbies too. 


I am not posting this to have someone's attention or begging for help but just wanted to let everyone know that sometimes being so strong breaks you inside. 

Sorry a for long post but I hope it's worth reading 

I didn't told people close to me because they don't care but I really don't have a reason to live Further and I can't take it anymore. 

So m writing it here.

M sorry for my English it's really bad.