ALONEmy parents say they love me but it just doesn't like it. ever since i've always felt i'm alone. my dad works abroad and my mom usually focuses on my brother so i learned to be independent. yes, they do not deprive me of anything that is within their obligations which is giving me my own room, letting me go to school, having material things and such. but what they don;t consider is my mental and emotional health. my mom always says that my dad always gives me everything and my brother was always left behind. i always thought that because of this, she focuses more on my brother.

when i was in third grade, i was a transferee. everything was new to me and it was very hard to adjust. i've experienced being verbally bullied by some of my classmates. there was this boy that said 'hey, you have a really big head yet you so dumb'. my classmates were really competitive and just having a zero score on tests really made a big deal. the parents of my classmates always tells my mom about this in a very rude manner. she never does something to protect me from this hurtful words. there was also this one time that our nanny pinched me really hard on my lower abdomen just because i was playing with the play money and the pencils i have. i tried to tell this to my mom and yet she just scolded me instead. ever since, she never tried to protect me and here i thought mothers were supposed to protect their kids from these abuses. i know this might light sufferings for you guys but for me, it really hurts me that my own mom does not do anything to protect me.

ever since i have always been a disappointment. my mom always has high expectations. she had a degree in chemical engineering and ever since she was in grade school, she was one of the top students in class. i've always felt really pressured because i know in myself that i am a slow learner. she always really wanted me to be on top of the class. every time she sees my grades, it never passes her approval even though those grades were passed. i can't even pass the entrance exam in the high school she went to. she always says that i don't have any blessings from the Lord because i was so hard headed and constantly disrespects them. she always says that i was a LAZY AND WORTHLESS CHILD. that i was just a disappointment for them. i have different preferences from my parents but they just don't seem to want to acknowledge and understand them. and every time we fight because i usually go home late or i would talk back to hem, they always say that i don't have the right to be angry. i mean don't i have a right to feel something? to feel hurt and anger? won't they want to know why i always go home late? won't they want to know that i really just don't want to go home because i might feel this again? that being outside the house is like escaping reality for me?

everything i do just doesn't seem to make everyone happy. i constantly change myself to fit in with anyone but it just doesn't seem to work. i just wanted someone that accepts me for who i am. i always wish that they would try to understand me. to just try and talk to me without judging me. to let me have a right to feel something. but i know that even if they try to do that, it already is too late. i know won't open up to them because i know that they would just tell me that a demon possessed me or this is just the work of the devil or something. i've always cut myself but never really attempted to really kill myself, it is just to relieve the numbness of my body and i also think what they might feel. but now, it just doesn't feel like it. i just don't care anymore. i just think that me being dead is an advantage for them because no one would cause them to be angry anymore, they would not raise their voices anymore, they wouldn't be disappointed ever again, and most especially, the won't have an embarrassing and worthless child.