Had a fight, back to antidepressants for me?Just a warning, I am depressed, and have a lengthy history of depression. Me [18/f] and him [20/m] live together and have been together over 2 years. I have previously tried several medications for depression, but am currently not taking anything.

Lately things have been a bit rocky, and we've had small arguments, usually ending in a bunch of tears and a vow to be different, better, try harder, ect.

The other night we got in an argument about his computer time, and temper, and how he treats me like shit, how I feel like a maid, not a girlfriend. As arguments go, this was a nasty one, I decided I would sleep on the floor. At one point he hurled words at me that hurt so much I shut down. Honestly I don't remember what specificity he said. I don't think I let myself remember. The one person that's supposed to have your back, right? I have a history of depression and anxiety stemming from several situations when I was younger, it makes I'm notalking with people I'm not 100% comfortable with hard to do. So he fires back, sick of my silence, me not knowing what he wants me to say, and hurled the most hurtful shit anyone has ever said to me, and that's saying a lot. (Not because of the words, but the way they made me feel.)

Let me paint the scene for you, I'm lying on the floor in the dark, and I start to sob, but not normal sobs, silent gasping, body shaking sobs. My brain operating like a scratched record, and then the drop. I'm done, stuck somewhere between a full blown panic attack and a complete inability to feel, and the only thoughts permeating through this are "I want to die."  Like an honest need to not exist. I'm not processing anything but a sure knowledge that being dead would hurt less than this is. I'm slowly getting back now. Wondering where the exacto knife is. I've contemplated suicide tons before, (I used to cut as well.) written notes, but I've always had a dozen reasons not to. This time I'm sure though, it really would be better to be dead now. The only thing that stopped me is the teddy bear in my closet. It's for Jasmine(fake name), my niece, she's 4, it's a Christmas gift. I can't do this to Jasmine, it's not an option. No other logic would have stopped me, not my mom, not my goals, my dreams, nothing, just her. I'm lying there, tunnel vision, and Chad (fake name of SO) sitting there asking if I'm OK, but I can't respond, I can hardly breathe. He's turned a light on but nothing is in colour. He's sorry, I know, he's worried too, I don't care. Then he gets mad I'm ignoring him, and I don't care. Eventually I sit up, I find Kleenex, a water bottle, I try and slow my breathing. What I tell Chad is he's never doing that to me again. I told him what he did, and for two hours he promises he will do better, he will never hurt me again, and please come on the bed Never-Sure, I'm so sorry Never-Sure. How can I make this better Never-Sure. And then he promises and promises and promises. We kind of seem to be on the same page, and it sounds about right, I'm tired, and my ribs hurt from crying. I sleep on the bed, the next day when he gets off work nothing has changed. He says it has, he's trying but nothing has changed.

Am I overreacting? 
Is this emotionally abusive?
Should I go back on meds?