depressed, autistic, and lonely in ways I don't understandI'm 22. I'm a homemaker, though unmarried to the man I try and build a home for. I come from a family of people with depression, and the other side not only carry manic depression but a heavy substance abuse issue going back to a grandfather i never met who died of a heroine od. Every uncle on one side has killed themselves before they were 40 and the fact that my father is still alive is a miracle.

Oh. And I'm considered a "high functioning" autist. I don't work because of choice, I don't work because every job I get causes me to have freeze ups and breakdowns.

As the seasons change, I just slip further and further. I've lost the warmth and now the sky. Everything is grey and rainy and I don't know why but it makes me feel the same way I guess. I can't keep motivated to clean the house or do much of anything. This makes my boyfriend upset with me, he feels like I'm not doing my share yet doesn't see my efforts to keep the house up small as they are or that I manage to somehow prepare him a meal when he gets home in spite of how I'd rather just lay in bed. He thinks I do nothing but make excuses. I can't explain what I feel because I don't even understand it. Emotions make no sense to me, I can't read it on others or put names to what I experience. I cry, I'm sad. I want to throw things, I'm angry. But I'm certain it's more complicated than that, I think? I'm not so sure what happy is, I just have a more neutral feeling when not experiencing the more extreme ones.

I'm sick of seeing these walls. Every day. Day in, day out. Whenever I'm without these walls I'm seeing his friends. People who's lives are far more fucked than mine and it just upsets me more. They're older and all I can see is the chance that he and I will become like them. 

I just want to feel normal and okay but I can't. I don't want to be "the autistic girlfriend" anymore, they tolerate my quirks and laugh when I don't understand things. He gets upset when I don't understand things he considers important, things I consider stupid and pointless. He's the romantic type, those gestures are lost on me hard as I try and sometimes he gets mad about that. I abhor human touch, that's not easy on a relationship. I don't quite "love" but I didn't choose him because I enjoy him. I like him, unlike most other people. 

I feel like a burden. I just want to die. I'm sick of being in a world of confusion being surrounded by people who think and feel in ways called "normal". Why can't I be like them?