I have no more to giveI am feeling awful. I'm chronically depressed, but these last few weeks have been hell. 

I separated from my husband, as I have trouble imagining a future in which we will both be happy. I am happy in my freedom but now my life is upside down and I've been kicked out of my home.

I am no longer supported, I never realized how codependent I was on him, and I think his support has only enabled me to remnant stagnant. I never got a degree, I am missing so many courses for me to go back to school and I have been working part time for years because I didn't have to worry. 

for the first time in years I'm having trouble with money, I am so broke I have to choose between getting myself to work and feeding myself. I feel that my job is dead end, but I am resigned to a life of retail and awful hours and wages.

I now live in my moms house, with a family that doesn't know how to talk or love each other openly. I can't sleep there as it's so noisy and it's in another city so it's added 40 or so minutes to my already long commute. 

So now I drive for hours, and can barely afford the gas to get me to work. I fainted today and was taken to the hospital, because food no longer interests me and it's a chore to eat. 

I also have ulcerative colitis, and the stress has me bleeding and it makes me so fatigued. I feel like I am falling apart. 

I've been seeing a nice man in the interim, we really connected but he tells me today that I need to pick myself up because I am dragging him down. 

I told him I feel like I'm causing him more stress than happiness these days and he didn't disagree. 

That really hurt. I feel like I let him down. I let my boss down, I let myself down by being careless with my health and I can't see a way out of this rut that I'm stuck in. 

And my dog broke his leg and is now recovering from major surgery. What a year so far.

I have nothing. I am working toward nothing and I am good at nothing. I literally feel like I have nothing left to live for.