I don't know where to turnMy relationship with my boyfriend got off to a rocky start. Within a couple of months of knowing him I wound up moving in as a permanent bed warmer and fuck buddy. He had three roomies at the time J, L, and B. J was a womanizing roomie who would flirt with me. I flirted back occasionally trying to get my not yet bf jealous. One night future bf and I were fighting so I went out with Jay and buddies to get spite drunk. I blacked out before we left the bar. The next morning I woke up in another roomies (L) bed with my tights removed and a weird soreness in my vagina. L insisted nothing happened but Jay made claims we had sex, joking that he was a 2 pump chump and that it happened in less than the 5 minutes we were alone together.


Now a year later I never said anything about that night to my now bf. All the roomies are gone and it's just us two here. Ex roomie B and I text and joke around occasionally. Turns out that tonight he's hanging out with J. J is insisting that I had sex with him and now claims that there is a video of it. B hasn't seen it. I'm currently texting B torn between asking him to delete the video or asking him to send it to me so I can call a lawyer for the flagrant violation of privacy it was and to file rape charges. I'm a complete mess right now and if it were consensual I would rather die than tell my bf and risk losing him. I can't even ask him to send it because I don't want to see myself like that. I told my bf that J was making claims we slept together and that's as far as I can tell him. I need help right now. I don't remember the night at all.

UPDATE: ~~Just asked B to try and send the video if it exists. I don't think I can handle this.~~ I can't send it. I'm ready to puke.

UPDATE 2: Told my bf, he is super angry with both J and B. He said they're lucky that they are both not closer or he might do something dumb. B has been very rude about everything, changed his story a few times and flat out said he doesn't think I was raped. B has been drinking tonight and so I'm going to ask him tomorrow to assist with either verifying/sending the video or to testify for me at court if believes that sex happened at all that night. Otherwise I'm cutting contact. 

There is no verification of a video or that sex actually happened at this point. Not sure where to start or if anything will need to be done but I think with my bf's support I won't be doing anything dumb. Thank you to /u/Pandepon for the support and help. 