Cannot live in this world anymore.If this post isnt suited here, please remove it. 

Title says it. I hate the world. I hate the injustice, the unfairness, the corruption and exploitation of basically everything meaningful. Rich, ancient  cultures and religions no longer exist because a group of men decided one religion should rule all. People of different races murdered and forced out of their homes by men filled with greed. Meaningless wars are waged, sowing destruction and causing needless deaths. Women have been seen as sub-human since the dawn of time and even though it has improved over time, many still suffer and are denied basic rights. Homosexuality have always been and still is taboo and too often a excuse to justify murder. Humans will forever kill or destroy what they cannot understand. The homeless sleep on cold pavements and beg for scraps while pedophiles and murderers sleep in warm beds and receive warm meals each day. Yes, they are in prison, but still they have more than people who have simply been dealt a bad hand at life. The poor work to keep the rich wealthy without reward. Illness and the fear that came along with it have given those in power even more power and they have become drunk on it. Tyrants and dictators are rising but no seems to notice. The poor die, the middle class go further into debt and the rich live even more lavishly than before. Our planet is being destroyed by pollution and the endless pursuit of the "next big thing" greedy men can profit off of. Finding a job has become a contest of "who would look the best at the front desk" and "hiring other races over qualified people, simply to gain the love of the masses". Animals have their homes destroyed and some are near extinction. Everything is taken at face value and no one seeks deeper meanings or connections anymore. I cannot live like this, everyday it gets worse and worse. I see no future for me. Thoughts of suicide have been with me for over a year, but I have managed to try and find things to live for. But this pandemic, have forced the shutters to fall from my eyes and I don't know how much longer I can continue life in this wretched, horrible place.