I have finally defeated my survival instinctsI can trace my depression back to when I was 16. It was a very gradual process, day by day I felt more disconnected to society and other people and as a consequence I feel like I have developed a terrible and permanent personality disorder now at the age of 19 due to my depression. I've thought about suicide for all those three years but this month I'm actually planning. I know by the time the semester ends (October 20th) I will be kicked out of university for falling last semester (Literally got 0% for all four subjects) and half of this semester. 

What I was irrationally worried about is what others will think about me after my death. Everyone thinks I'm fine. Every decision I've made over the past three years has been heavily influenced by my depression. I never used to think like this; I never used to have self-destructive thoughts or make decisions that I KNOW are going to have terrible consequences on my future.

Now its September, 2016. I work shitty part time job (pushing trolleys) and will be kicked out of University. I literally have no friends and I push every one away so I can sit at home on my laptop and watch soccer/movies/tv shows. Staying at my university library has made me realise that I am not normal. I am atleast a few years behind my peers (in everything!) and my personality flaws are never going to go away.

The last straw was not mathematically knowing that I will be kicked out of University, but realising that it doesn't and wouldn't have matter even If I have gotten 8 high distinctions this year. My psychological problems are going to prevent me from living a normal happy life. Even though I have never sought professional help I believe no amount of therapy or prescribed pills is going to make me feel better. I have lost too much time. I was talking to a friend on facebook today and I felt guilty knowing what I'm planning to do to myself and that they have absolutely no idea, but the guilt isn't going to stop me. I've been torturing myself for the past two years trying to live a normal life with my mental illness and believe I should be doing whats best for me not for other people. 

**EDIT:** I should note that literally getting 0% for all subjects in the first semester of your dream course requires insanity.

AMA I guess.