I'm probably not going to make it through another year. I really hate December 25th.I’m probably on the verge of killing myself. I have been making attempts since fifth grade. Each time I get better and a little closer. I’m pretty much completely insane and am at the moment having a small window of full lucidity. I have been diagnosed by four different doctors as having OCD, Anxiety, Bipolar, PTSD, Agoraphobia, and shchitzotypal personality disorder. I lost my insurance about four months ago and am no longer being medicated.
I applied for Government assistance and was turned down multiple times; my condition isn’t serious enough that I can’t work.

Today, I left my house for the first time in about five months. My mom wanted me to come visit her and my sisters. I can’t drive (Panic attacks when I’m in front of the steering wheel) so my dad took me. My mom’s boyfriend is there and he decided to chat with me. I don’t not like him. I dislike him for a very particular reason that is not his fault. Let me preface this by saying I’m half black and was raised almost solely with my mom and sisters who are obviously black, while I’m almost pale. Anyway I kind of hate him because I have a very hard time trusting black men over the age of thirty.

When I was fire years old my grandfather was supposed to be baby sitting me while my parents went bowling. I don’t remember the whys of it, but I went to my grandfather’s room for some reason. I forgot to knock. He was naked (And masturbating I now know) and when I walked in he started screaming and cussing me out. Using words I had never heard before. I was very sheltered.

I remember running back to my room screaming and crying. After a few minutes of shaking I sat stupefied on my bed. My grandfather walked in still not dressed. He looked really angry. He made me take off my clothes and lay face down on his lap and he proceeded to spank for about an hour and half, screaming and curing. I kept crying and begging Jesus to help me for someone to come get me and make it stop. I didn’t know what I had done wrong but he kept saying that I was in trouble and I did a bad thing and had to be punished. How God didn’t love little boys who acted like I did. Who did bad things.

The words hurt more than the beating. It just wouldn’t end and I cried and cried. I don’t even remember when he left or seeing my parents when they got home. I do remember him telling me not to tell my parents or he would tell them I had been bad and that I was lying.

Lying was the biggest sin when I was little and terrified of ever telling a lie.

From this point forward my grandfather proceeded to torture me when no one else was around. He would call me names. He would make messes and force me to clean them. He would make up things that I supposedly did and tell my parents. He would lock me out of the house for the hours my parents weren’t home and if I went anywhere (Including to school) he would tell my parents that I did something bad and then tried to run away. He would do this in 40 degree weather, while it was raining. He killed at least five of my pets. He killed one of my pets in front of me, and then fed it to my other pet and made me watch. He would force me to sit at the kitchen table for hours and make me eat food until I threw up. Sometimes it would be cold, sometimes improperly cooked. When it wasn’t either of those things it was especially fattening, I thought those were the times he was trying to make up for it and be nice, but now I think he was trying to fatten me up. I weighed over 300 pounds before I was 11 years old. He scared away every friend I ever had. He kept me isolated.
He treated both my sister’s like princesses. He took them out to eat every chance he got, doted on them, cheat and lied for them. This went on from the time I was five until I was fourteen. My parents had been separated and divorced for years at that point, but my mom finally noticed something was wrong. I had never said more then a few words about what was happening. My mom still doesn’t know about most of it, and my sisters won’t say anything, they lie for him and defend his every action.

I’m pretty sure my grandfather is a closeted homosexual and I know he is racist against white people. I embodied pretty much everything he hated. He was a military man who almost became a preacher.

I was also kind of raped by a nine year old girl when I was six while at day care. We were alone outside in the play house, she had convinced me to go out there with her to play house. She decided that I was prettier then she so I would be the daughter and she would be the daddy. (It get more fucked up) She started kissing me and made me put sand in her mouth and rub it around. This went on for awhile. She eventually made me take off my pants and decided to try and slide her fingers inside me…like daddy did to her when they played house. I feel pity towards her almost more then revulsion.

There was at least one other instance of humiliation and molestation at a different day care center. (My parents really knew who to trust with their child)