Need some adviceSo the past six months have been especially hard for me. I have consistently thought about committing to suicide. Starting back, again, six months ago. It has been an ongoing problem for years to come now but the past 6 months it has been increasingly intense. 6 months ago I found myself thinking about this once a week. 4 months ago about twice a week. Fast forward to now. I wake up every morning and the problem opens up immediately. I have come to the point where I tell myself that today is the day. Today is going to end all the pain and suffering. Tomorrow I will not have to worry about the issues at hand. I have always been a person to cover up these problems, so no one I am remotely close to has any idea what is going on. These past 6 months I have essentially isolated myself from everything. Nothing I do anymore has any meaning in life. What is the purpose anymore? 

I have a lovely girlfriend that does not even want to have sex with me anymore. I have 'friends' whom are only concerned about getting fucked up. And I am over here working at a Big 5 company. Excellent pay, but on the inside none of it is really worth it. Why must I care? My entire life is extremely dull. I have no longer found joy in anything I once loved to do. It is taking a huge toll on my relationship with my girlfriend. If that relationship fails I literally have nothing else worth living for. Absolutely nothing. 

I am afraid to see someone, especially professional. I believe that if I do they are going to take away all of the firearms that I own. It is pretty stupid to think this. I know. But I also do not want to be known as a failure for seeking help.. If my 'parents' (adopted) were to find out, I feel as if they will tell me to 'suck it up' or 'quit being a bitch' as they have in the past. All support structures in my life are against me because no one understands. I try to talk to my girlfriend about these things but when I explain, which is a very hard thing to do, she merely does not understand as she has never experienced anything like this herself. I am alone. Nothing in life is worth it anymore..............

What do I do?
Is it ever going to be worth it anymore?