Why I'm ending it on TuesdayEveryone on this subreddit has suffered alot more than me. I've read stories of abuse, abandonment etc and it makes me feel so weak and shitty for my reasons.

For most of my life I've been a "happy" child. I genuinely was through the times my parents suffered when I had severe eczema as a toddler through to 7 years old. Despite the bullying, the "ew it's the ugly boy" remarks from all the pretty girls at school, the fact that I was bottom in all my classes because I was genuinely stupid, everything seemed fine. However, in recent years I've been pushed to the edge.

I developed bad anxiety. I hate meeting anybody (even being with the family I live with) because of it. I never know how to stand or sit or talk or where to look to the point where it's not worth going through the effort to be with anyone at all. This got to a point where I began to hallucinate (auditory and visual) my fears which I hid for years. I'm wierd af. To avoid the bullying I knew would emerge from it I hid all my aspects and created a boring teenage character. I didn't talk to avoid mistakes, hung out with the losers of school to avoid having to get attention from others and listened to rap just because others did. Then the existential crap started happening. I began to realise that life as a whole has no point or meaning whatsoever let alone for an individual stupid little person. Im 15 now and things are getting even worse. Earlier in 2017 my parents found out I was cutting myself. They freaked out, my mum got pissed beyond imagination and I ended up getting help from psychologists and psychiatrists. I thought it would change me, that I would come out completely fine but I didn't. Even the expensive and highly recommended psychologist didn't help at all somehow. To avoid wasting my parents money I put on a happy face and pretended it all got better to stop the treatment. I have major exams coming up and haven't revised for shit. I've just sat at home, played video games, constantly broke down crying and skipped the necessary work each day. Even if I somehow manage to stumble past these exams with good grades I have no future. I don't have any interests. I know that I can barely take an hour of work let alone that required for A levels let alone having to work for the whole of my life. I'm a bit pathetic really. If you asked me what my hobbies are, the only thing I can say is playing video games. Its what I do to forget about the world as a means of escape. I lie to people that I want to be an engineer or a doctor to shut them up. I've tried getting interested in topics I am good at but I always end up thinking it's useless and can't be bothered to research anything. To make it all worse, I go to a private school and everyone around me achieves really high. To my parents I'm always a failure.

On top of this I know I'm a monster because I've never helped anybody. My mum and dad both love me to bits. I still snap at them everyday and lie all the time because of my internal frustration. I'm pretty sure my dad has aspergers. Infact, it's kinda obvious. But here is the selfish and evil and upmost despicable thing about me. I hate him. I hate him because he's different and wierd. I hate the fact that I have his genes within me and I hate the fact he married my mum and made her life miserable with him and forced me to be born. Whenever I try to communicate with friends I end up being toxic so I never bother talking anymore. I will never get a girlfriend and I don't want one because I know that I'll ruin her life as much as I've ruined me own. I lived till this long because I was afraid of the afterlife. A religion was forced upon me which I only had the sense to leave once I grew older but the fear of "the punishment for suicide" is what always stopped me. I'm no longer that pussy and if I end up in hell then so be it. I deserve it anyways. 