Today is not my best day.I feel like the crap is just getting piled on my non stop today. I need to vent so I don't risk hurting myself.

Book incoming.

So in my younger years I was a selfish asshole. So much so that I have a teenage daughter that barely knows me. Not entirely my fault that things happened this way but definitely partially to blame. My head is messed up. 

I've thought about taking meds but I have been able to get it under control the more I aged. Recently I have been trying to figure out how to be a father to my teenage daughter that dosen't know me. I figured that a great first step is to pay for insurance for my daughter. I live in Wisconsin. My daughter is in Washington. My insurance has not been working well at all. As I said before my head is messed up, 99% sure my daughter has my brain. She was on meds until my insurance said no more getting that. That was about 4 months ago. She went from being on the honor roll to being a drop out, having to switch schools and attempting suicide twice. I will admit that my daughter's mom could be lying to me just so I sign away my rights but even from my point of view I have seen personality changes. She acts like I did as a young teen now. I feel like if I don't let things happen and let someone else adopt her (my daughter's ex husband) she may end up dead by her own hand. It's a bluff I can't afford to be wrong on.

She clearly has my brain but a more damaged version and I sometimes struggle with sucide. I tried to talk to my wife about this but nope, all she's concerned about is that I was on the phone with my ex. I will never commit sucide but I have my bad days.

Like when my wife nags me excessively, especially today. It's a habbit of hers that's been slowly getting worse. Today though happens to be a new level. Wendsay my step-mom and brother said they were going to stop by for the weekend. Don't mind at all. My dad passed a year ago so spending time with those two are more important than normal right now and they have always been important even with my dad alive. But since then I have heard nothing but complaining. "I have to clean everything! I never get help!". 

Tuesday night I worked some overtime, Wednesday after work I did a few loads of laundry and today I did nothing. Because I got surgery on my nuts. I would of ran out that house today but I was too dizzy for that. Would of just drove away for piece and quiet but I'm not diving while still a little drugged up. My dad was killed by a drunk a year ago. I'm not risking it.

TLDR: fuck.