I cannot take it anymoreWhen I was 6-7 years old, I was beaten everyday along with my sisters due to behavior. I do realize it could of been my fault due to behavior issues. I told myself, it would get better at the time. I had dreams of death at the age, I desired death at the age more than anything. It was my escape from the beatings, from my father. I even attempted to suicide by trying to choke myself, but obviously that didn't work. it did gradually get better during elementary to middle school as I gained more friends and the beatings becoming less frequent. Fast foward to the end of 8th grade, the summer. I enrolled into a course, and failed it. My father unleashed beatings, ones that would make me bleed like the ones I used to frequently get. Once he was done, he left and this is when I attempted to suicide once again, by overdosing. I remember me embracing the sleepyness that was coming, I told myself looks like the gateway is finally opened. I was happy knowing I wouldnt have to endure the physically and mental abuse I kept recieving. Unfortunally, I didn't eat enough to od. I felt defeated, broken when I woke up. I wasn't able to function any longer, fast foward 2 days. My father tried to forrce me to rewrite something that wasn't legible and then started to beat and yell when I rewrote it but it still wasn't legible. The anger arosed and surged through me and I reliate back, screaming match ensued. My mother came in with my sisters to try to stop the fight, I was going to run away but she blocked the doorway. She told my father to fuck off, and he complied. I was kind of hoping he would hit her, because I thought it would give me the courage to run to the kitchen and grab a knife to stab the abusive piece of shit or call 911. Unfortunally, my father just went upstairs while I hid in the corner while my mother tried to enforce the thought that he was going through a rough time and he didnt mean what he said. School began and it became better I rejoinced with friends and I didnt have to see my father for 6 hrs. Fast foward to today, my father made some kind of dish for me to eat appearently, and in it contained numerous hairs. I told him I wouldnt eat it any longer and he just unloaded on me. He threw me on the floor and tried to choke me. HE TRIED TO KILL ME. That's all that went through my mind. He told me to get out of his house if I didnt want to eat and that he will not drive me to school nor make food nor do anything for me. I ran to the door to try to get out and there like before is my mother blocking the doorway preventing me from leaving while trying to calm down my me and yelling at my father. And then there is now. I am complating on whether I should run away in the night, I have 1000 saved up in cash, kill myself(easiest and least painful route) by overdosing, or tell the police and try to get myself arrested or away from this shithole. I know that if I stay, I'll end up getting beat again or I'll be the one killing. It'll not get better, it never has and it never will. Today, I'll be attempting one of those ways or in the near future. So all I've to say now is, thanks for listening to my story of my life and goodbye. 
