In a McDonald's Parking Lot at 3AM and going to take a Late Night Swim on my Birthday.I swore to myself if I ever decided to kill myself I wouldn't write a suicide note or post on some forum, call some suicide hotline, etc, whatever.  But yet, here I am. Honestly I don't really care if anyone reads this or not. 

I guess the real reason I'm writing this is for Closure.. to say everything I feel inside on last time before I can finally be at peace.

Here I am 22yrs old, recently fired from work, alone on my birthday, Disowned by my family, betrayed by my friends, living in my car and my only source of entertainment is using the wifi at mcdonalds. Everything has gone from bad to worse. Why? Because of the Shit life I have been given since birth. Do you know what its like being born in the wrong body. Living every fucking day as someone your not just to please the people around you.  I've never felt like a boy, I've never fit in with the guys. After years of deep depression, cutting, self abuse and suicidal thoughts, and attempting it once before at the age of 13 by trying OD on pills. I finally worked up the courage to tell my parents I was Transgender. 

I figured it'd be a bit of a shock for them at first and it wouldnt' go smoothly at first but I wasn't prepared for what happened. Having them laugh at me and say it was just a phase and I a boy and will always be one and it'll pass and pretty much ignored it. But I persisted and continued seeing my therapist which they would never go see and sit down and talk to) I was excited to start HRT, however when my parents found out, they released I was serious about transitioning. Coming home from work one day, just to find all my shit packed and them telling me "if I continue to transition, that I better just get the fuck out of their house because obviously I don't love them if I'm going to do something embarrassing like this to our family". I left and they told me not to come back. I moved into a apartment and continued to transition. 

A month passed by and I started going out dressed in fem. While shopping I bumped into my Mom and Sister. Only for them to just look at me in disgust and start making remarks about how I'm fucking my life up and I should just stay locked up in my apartment and never come out. I cried and left my groceries and went home. My mom called me just to yell and insult me some more so I hung up on here. I woke up the next day  and logged onto facebook just to see how my brothers and my mom was were posting and telling everyone how I'm a tranny and how much I fucked up in head and need to be locked up. She called my work and said God knows what and a few days later I'm fired from some BS I know they made up just because I'm a Transsexual because they were acting weird around me the last few days before they fired me. I was pissed as you might of guessed and went over to my parents house to yell at her about it. (Wished I never went) After yelling back and forths with my mom and her saying If she new I was gonna turn out this way she would have just aborted me. I just broke down crying while my 2 brothers laugh and my dad didnt say anything. None of my family, wants anything to do with me, nor do my friends talk to me anymore. A few of the said they was ok with me transitioning just to never hang out with me or text me anymore. eventually cutting ties with me. After using up all my savings I was saving up for transitioning and finally get kicked out of my apartment and living in my car the for about a week now. I'm just tired of it all. What better day then to end it all then on the day I was born. 

Seeing as Pills didn't work the first time and reading how quite a few people survive on pills or hanging themselves and me not having a gun. Since I can't swim. I about to head to the nearby lake, walk to the center of the bridge where the lake is deep take the rope and the cinder block I put in my trunk earlier today and tying it to my leg just incase I try to swim up, and drown myself. Hopefully waiting till I hit the bottom of the water and opening my mouth and trying to swallow as much water as I can will help make it go by a bit faster.
 
Well, I guess thats all I really want to say really. Things will be much better from here on out. 