After 10 years, I feel my time is closeLong post.  Sorry.

My "life" isn't horrible.  I have a job, friends that like to spend time with me, a loving family.  The problem is ME.  I don't remember when it first happened, but at some point I gave up "myself".  I lead numerous different lives and am a completely different person depending on who I am around.  My family wouldn't recognize the person I am at work, and my friends don't see the "family-me" or "work-me".  If I'm making a new friend, or am pursuing a girl, a new "me" is invented.  
     
I guess I've known this subconsciously, but only in the past month or two has it really dawned on me how pathetic it is.  At some point, I decided the person who I really am was worth nothing, so I killed that and created numerous fakes in its place.  Now I can see myself as I do it.  It's all lies.  Lies designed to make people like me, as if them just liking me mattered more than WHY they like me.  

Last week, I reconnected with a girl I had a crush on 10 years ago.  We worked together and I felt a connection, but I screwed it up and our friendship was ruined.  I hadn't seen her since, but literally every day I've thought about her and hated myself for screwing up the chance I had.  We've been texting a lot, and I can see what I'm doing.  I'm making a fake personality for her.  

We are supposed to meet up in a couple days, but I can't help wondering what the point is.  I've come to the realization that even if things went well, it wouldn't matter.  She's not seeing who I am.  Of course she might like me, the personality she's dealing with is tailored to her!  It's not real.  I'm planning on canceling because she doesn't deserve someone wasting her time.  That's what being around me is like: unknowingly dealing with a selfish actor.

This has led me to realize that the situation I'm afraid of with her is true for everyone else in my life.  I'm deceiving all of them.  They put in time and effort and love towards a facade.  I am a waste of space.  A hollow shell that pretends to be alive. The most ironic part is that for so long I've held the belief that it is wrong and weak to define yourself by how others view you.  Yet that is my life.

I don't deserve anyone to care about me.  No one SHOULD care about me.  I'm not a real person.  Knowing this, I have no desire to go on.  I know I will continue to be a fake, and I can't subject anyone to that.  I have no desire to cut off all contact with people either.  Is it really suicide if I'm not a person, but a living lie?