Well this sucks...Posting using my real account because... meh :(

This is going to seem to be a bit discombobulated because I'm in a really bad place in my head at the moment, so apologies for that. I'm not acutely suicidal at present, but it's on a knife edge. 

FYI, I suffer from depression (medicated with 40mg of Citalopram) and borderline personality disorder (did two years of DBT and waiting for my psychiatrist to prescribe me topiramate). 

In short, my life has been one fuck up after another. My mother used to beat the shit out of me when I was a child and I was mercilessly bullied at school (for instance, when I was 16 I had a knife held to my throat in class and the teacher did absolutely nothing). I was - I guess the term is gifted - academically, but very lazy. I coasted through primary and secondary school (I'm English) though I managed to get provisionally accepted to a number of very prestigious universities. Naturally I fucked up my A-Level exams because I spent my time drinking and getting coked out of my head instead of studying so I ended up in some backwater hellhole. I also developed Tourettes Syndrome (motor and simple vocal tics), which was rather interesting. My BPD kicked in at around age 20, and that's where the shit really hit the fan. I've attempted suicide on a number of occasions; some of them being half hearted (I swallowed a packet of paracetamol and fell asleep telling myself that if I wake up, I'll go to the hospital. I did, and suffered 24 hours of sheer agony) some of them being serious. I jumped into the River Thames and nearly broke my neck, and a couple of years later I swallowed 200 rapid release oxycodones (OxyNorm). If my mother wasn't awake at 4 in the morning to read the facebook message I sent her, I would be a corpse right now. That last stunt properly fucked up my head. I managed to asphyxiate myself on vomit and I suffered some oxygen deprivation, which I think has impaired my cognitive abilities (I often forget what I'm talking about and I find it very difficult to hold a conversation). 

The way I am feeling at the moment is due to a number of factors, both acute and chronic:

1) I weigh 280 lbs. I've gained a shitload of weight since I lost the plot six years ago. My self-esteem is practically non-existent, which leads on to...

2) Nobody wants to go out with me. Hell, I've never had a girlfriend. Back in the day it was because I was deathly afraid of somehow infecting the poor girl with my badness. That, and you can't get abandoned if you're not in a relationship. I compensated for this with a fuckload of emotionally damaging casual sex. These days they want nothing to do with me. I imagine it's because I don't give a rats arse about my appearance. Who knows :/ But yeah, that shit is self inflicted so no sympathy for me on this point.

3) My grandmother, a person I absolutely adore and who practically raised me, has terminal cancer. This has hit me hard. Once she's gone, I don't know how I'll cope.

4) My idiot of a cat fell off the balcony today and fell 40 feet onto solid concrete. I love that animal more than I should admit and seeing him down there damn well near destroyed me. Thankfully, when I got down there, he seemed to be ok. I took him to the vet to be sure. 

5) Unrequited love. Probably the most pertinent issue but... even thinking about it is triggering me now :(

(There are a load of other long standing issues, I won't bore you with them)

Borderline Personality Disorder is a real bitch. Even a perceived slight from somebody would make me suicidal. Urgh, It's a clusterfuck. Oh yeah, and I suffer from paranoid delusions and sometimes I hear a mocking laughter coming from an external source, even though there's nobody around. Fucking brain, Y U NO WORK PROPERLY.

Anyway, that's my piece. It was somewhat cathartic though I still feel pretty rotten. About to smoke my 80th cigarette of the day... kill myself slowly, that's the ticket :P