Quick “diary” by someone who might have depression.I don’t really expect people to even ready this, but here is my quick “diary” of what happened today. 

It’s 4:54pm rn I’m in cafeteria in college and I’m having my first semi panick attack I think. I’m a fuck up. I hate my life, even though I have it a lot better than a lot of people, I’m just a fuck up. I singlehandedly fucked up my life and I think this is the point where I can actually see myself in the future being a nobody. Having a job as a college drop out, no one around me, no friends and family because of my wrongdoings. I don’t EVER cry because I don’t think I’m physically capable of doing so. I’ve felt like absolute shit before but tears just can’t come out. I’m sitting here in a table with my eyes starting to water up but now I don’t want to let them out. The reason why I’m having this panic attack is because I missed the final exam to my only important class this semester. I am taking only two classes.. because I’m a fucking idiot and that’s the only classes I can take since I’ve failed all my prerequisites to get into my major courses. I can pass my bullshit class this semester, but this important class (math) I’m failing hard because I’m a depressed piece of shit that has missed class for over a month. I literally only have two classes and I’m failing this. WHAT THE FUCK is wrong with me. I hate myself so much. I haven’t even studied for the final exam (which I’ve missed). I thought it was going to be on Wednesday morning and I was going to cram tf out of it and go take the exam, even if I’m failing anyways. But no. I’m here typing this stupid note for no reason. I called my professor three times but obviously he’s not in his office so he didn’t pick up. I am going to email him right now. I am fucked obviously though. Oh and I’m on adderall because I thought today I was going to study my ass off for this exam. I am also high and have a Xanax in my backpack for later tonight when I go to bed. When I say that I’m a fuck up. I mean I’m a FUCK UP. My friends and family don’t know ANYTHING and I’m pretty sure after I’m kicked out of college this semester, they will have to find out (obviously) and I will probably rather die than wait for that to happen. I know I should have told them since the beginning. Fuck that. I should have never put myself in this situation. My parents have always given my all the support in the world with everything and I literally have the best parents in the world. I love my family and I love my close friends. But no one knows what I’m going through. I’ve had so many opportunities to change and better myself but I always seem to throw it all away. I hate myself so much. I don’t know what depression is, I don’t know if I have it or if I’m just a fuck up. This will 100% blow up in my face soon. I’m so afraid for that. It has to though. The best thing and only thing I should do is tell my parents about this myself. But I can’t. Imagine how heartbroken they will be. That would be the worst let-down in history. I can’t do that to them. I would NEVER EVER even consider killing myself. NEVER. But if I died for some reason. I wouldn’t mind. That’s so hard to say (or type) and even though I don’t actually wish for that to ever happen to me. It wouldn’t suck. The only reason why spontaneously dying would suck is because I wouldn’t want my family to suffer like that. I love them so much. All of them. So much. So I would never hurt myself. I think I’m too much of a pussy for that anyways. And I would hate to just randomly die because of the pain I’d inflict on others. But that wouldn’t suck. For me. I think it’s the only way I’d be happy. Or not really “happy.” But just the only way I can finally not feel ANYTHING. I tried Xanax for the first time last night and smoke a little on my pen. I love smoking weed because it makes me forget everything (sometimes) and I can just watch a comedy movie and laugh. Just block out the world and laugh to a movie or whatever. Well Xanax. That was something else. I laid in bed and just floated on earth. As I typed that I realize how stupid and ridiculous that sounds and when I read this thing again I’ll probably realize again how that doesn’t even make sense. But as of now, that’s how I’m going to describe it. I floated on earth. My bedroom lights were off and I laid in bed under my blanket and I literally floated on earth. There was not one thing on my mind. It was meditating. My mind and body were blank. It was like my eyeballs were just floating in darkness and I can only see my dark room (with the tv on playing 21 jump street) so yeah the movie was playing and I was getting sleepy. Next thing I knew (from what I can remember right now) I was turning off an alarm set at 8:30am. I wasn’t sitting how I was when I was watching the movie. I was laying in my bed how I normally sleep. The Xbox and TV were off. I can’t remember what happened really. I guess it’s a thing. People usually black out and forget what happened. I took a very small dosage though so I wasn’t expecting that to happen. Anyway, I don’t know how I got so sidetracked with what’s going on. But yeah my entire life is fucked. It’s even crazier to think about the fact that this is not the worse it’s gunna be. I still have to “find out” I’m kicked out of school. And I still have to tell my parents everything. Maybe not the drug stuff but just that their son is a failure. So yeah. I guess I’m not really panicky anymore and I feel a bit more calm now. As I typed that my heart rate started going up and feel like I might pass out again. Anyway, this is my life as of today. It is actually 5:25 pm now. Lmao I’m embarrassing. Why having I emailed my professor yet? My friend is here in the college library (I’m in the cafeteria) because I had told him earlier today that we should study together. So now I’m about to head over there and pretend like I’m happy and okay and as if nothing is happening. As if I don’t actually hate myself in every aspect. I am literally failing in every aspect of my life. That’s fucking crazy. And it’s really all on me. It’s my fault I’m a fucking loser. Anyways I’ve been doing this for a while now. I’m going to go pee and then with my friend to study my math final that I already missed. Maybe my next “diary note” will be from me in the streets. If I make it that far. That’s a joke and all but yeah bye.

Just real quick. I want to point out the fact that I knew this was going to happen. Last year or even before that I knew that if I kept being the way I was being, I would be in this position. But yet, I continued. It’s almost like I asked for this. Like I wanted this. Why didn’t I stop myself? I don’t know. Whatever. It’s too late now to start giving a shit about my life anymore. But I obviously do. Bye.

Sorry it’s so long. I didn’t realize how long it was until I stopped typing. I don’t know why I posted this on here. I just did. So yeah. Ask any questions or just remind me how stupid I am if you want. The list of how much I hate myself could go on forever.