Gone and hopefully forgottenIt has been just past two months from the night I found proof that my wife was having an affair with her coworker. I lay in bed with her beside me tonight having all these feelings come back when she gave me an apology letter from the man she was seeing secretly. She will never know the pain that I have gone through. She is the one who destroyed our marriage less then two months into it however I am the one left picking up the pieces and trying to make it work. To forget what happened and hope that she will be faithful from this point forward. But what good is that now? The trust is completely gone, the relationship that we grew for so long is worthless to me. There are days when I wish I had been able to actually pull the trigger on that gun I had too my head the night I found out. She says she missed me and that I wasn't there for her but how can I be when you are more interested in going out with your friends then you are in trying to do something for me. I cook dinner for us every night. I go to school full time and I work on the weekends and any days that I am able. Do you not realize that I was dedicated to our relationship, our vows of marriage, I was trying to secure our future. Trying to make something of my life so that I could support us. Everything I did was to make things easier for you. But you only see the short game, the alone time while I'm working, the empty bed when I'm studying late for that test I have after cleaning the kitchen for that fancy dinner you said you "didn't ask for." Well I wish I had the ability to go back. Back way before we went on our first date and stop myself. If I knew back then what I knew now about you, that feeling of butterflies would for sure fade into the sickening stomach ache I get every time I have to lie to you and tell you I'm fine. In reality there is nothing I want more then to take my life. I often try to hurt myself, hit my head, drive recklessly on my way home from school, drink until I can't remember why i began drinking in the first place. I hope that eventually I'll be just a memory to you. A ghost of what a loving, caring husband was, and could have continued to be if you weren't so selfish. There is no telling what the future will hold and for once I don't feel any stress about that. I am done trying to be something that you don't appreciate, I am done worrying about everyone else instead of myself. I wish there was a way to take control and show you how much you hurt me. I want you to see what you did to me and know it was all your fault. I want you to understand how much you really needed me now that I'm gone. You lay next to me as I type this and I wonder if you dream of me, do you still wonder what our children will look like or what kind of house we will move into. Do you actually love me, or do you just love the idea of me. I'm not sure I can wait to find out, this has taken its tole on me and I'm giving up. You win, you always get your way but for once I'm getting mine. 