There Seems No PointI don't know if I deserve to post here, I'm suicidal yes, I think and plan a lot, but I'm not holding a noose right now. I've drunk and self harmed and binged and purged some nights so I don't go out and step off a bridge, but idk. I'm sorry if I am wrong posting here. I'm sorry if I am wasting your time when other, more deserving people, need it more than me. 

I just wanted to say that.

That being said, things are getting bad for me. I just don't see the point in keeping going. When I left uni I always said I'd never go back to academia, I'd hated my entire time there and it made my craziness worse. After a year and a bit of unemployment my mother and an acquaintance pressured me into applying for a PhD because it came with a bursary (a good one). I'm miserable. I've been here two years. I cry almost every day now, I hate it, my crazy is tenfold, I'm hopeless and lost and the only thing I can really do with this is more of the same. **I don't want to do more of the same**. But no one else would want to employ someone who spent three years in a lab working on flame retardants.

I'm miserable. I'm alone. I have an eating disorder I've been trying to recover from on and off for years, but no matter how hard I try I can't beat it. Over 8 years I've been like this. The NHS won't give me more treatment, I can't afford it on my own (well, I could if I stopped binging and purging but at that point I wouldn't need it, the irony) and there's only so much self help books help. I've been depressed for years as well. I wasn't even a teenager yet the first time I thought about killing myself, tried more than once since then, not that my GP believed me or thought I was any risk to myself. I self harm to cope. 

I hurt everyone around me. My future looks bleak and uninviting. I'll be crazy and I'll die, whether it's bulimia or me that does it in the end. But it hurts the ones I love. My failure hurts the ones I love just as much too. And if you hurt the people you love isn't it better just to get out of the way? Let them be happy?