The letter I wrote this morning. I plan on printing it later this week and being done. (long and personal)Where do I begin?  I suppose if anyone is reading this, it means I’m gone.  And that’s okay.  I can’t emphasize this enough – me being gone is completely okay. Everyone has to go at some point.  I just chose to do this on my own.

I’ve been unhappy for a very long time now – over half my life, including all of my adult and teenage years.  I remember praying to God (back when I believed one existed) to let me find happiness in life – to let me build friendships and find a fulfilling career and everything else that “normal” people are able to accomplish.  I was fifteen and in the ninth grade.  I no longer believe a god exists.

I’m sure my family is upset.  And I’m truly sorry for everything I have had to put you all through – both during my life and after.  But you’ve never had to experience the same things I have.  You can’t relate to my constant pain and loneliness.  At some point you just want it to go away, and I’m sorry if it has negatively impacted you or anyone else. 

This isn’t a question of love.  I know my family loves me.  I have many fond memories of my childhood, and I know my parents always did what they thought was best for me – they gave me the world.  

But I also know that while they love me, they don’t like me.  I remember distinctly when I was a child and was in trouble, my mother once told me that she hoped that I never had any friends and was alone as a result of my bad attitude. When I was a teenager and got caught looking at internet porn, my father sat me down and made me listen as he read off every “naughty” website I had ever visited.  He ended the discussion by telling me that I am a complete disappointment, and my only singular redeeming quality is that I’m not gay.  

My sister? I think she’s made it obvious beyond any doubt that she doesn’t care about me in the slightest at this point.  I used to consider her my best friend growing up.  Now I’m lucky if she bothers to respond to one or two texts per year.

Despite this, I know my parents care in their own way.  I don’t fault them for anything – they did their best to the best of their ability, and that’s all anyone can ever hope for.  I was never beaten or abused.  I had a wonderful childhood.  My failures are my own.

But those failures add up.  I now find myself in debt beyond my control, with a mental illness that makes it difficult to hold onto reality at times, and not a single person I can turn to.  

I attempted suicide in college and failed, and I remember being forced to contact my parents to let me out of the hospital, as they would not release me on my own.  I remember their anger and disappointment, not their concern.  I remember the car ride home – them asking what the rest of the city would think of them had I succeeded.  How embarrassing and shameful it would be for them if I killed myself. I don’t even remember if they asked if I was okay. I was in my early 20s at the time, and I promised myself I would wait until I was 30 before trying again.  I would give myself the chance to turn my life around.  I’m 31 now, and my life is worse than ever.

My problems are clearly a burden to those around me.  My father showed up unexpectedly last fall to talk with me.  It was the first time I saw any family in several months, and I haven’t seen any of them since.  He knew I was suicidal.  He told me how much my mother and sister would be upset.  How it would be so hard for them to keep their lives going if I was suddenly gone.  Not once did he say it would upset him, though. He also demanded I return their credit card, which I only held onto for emergencies.  It was made clear I was truly on my own.

My mother has also made it clear that my financial problems, and more specifically her assistance with them, has put a strain on her marriage – and that’s not something I want. As for my sister, in a manic, frustrated moment last year I cursed her out because I was fed up with her constantly ignoring her family.  We used to be so close, but now anytime she’s around, she’s always glued to her phone talking to friends, but if I ever text her, it could be days if she even bothers to respond, which she usually doesn’t.

Due to my financial issues, my parents have helped me out a lot – probably far more than most parents would.  And I am truly grateful for their assistance.  At this point, however, the only help they can offer is to let me drop everything and move back home.

Home? I don’t have a home.  (REDACTED) is nothing but terrible memories for me.  I spent every day of high school eating lunch by myself.  I was jumped by three black students after football practice because I actually did well and caught an interception that was meant for one of them.  Everyone else just looked on and laughed as I had my face literally kicked in, resulting in a bloody nose and chipped tooth. The other kids laughed and made fun of me for weeks after that because I teared up after being beaten for what seemed like an hour. As I said, I used to be religious, and I no longer am.  However, I will never say that religion doesn’t have its benefits – it is beyond any doubt in my mind that my religion saved many lives at that school.  If I had the same mindset then as I do now, there would likely be headlines.

College was no better.  I “pledged” my first fraternity during the summer, only for them to reveal it was all a prank on bid day that fall.  I went with another fraternity, because I was trying – good god was I trying – to make new friends and start a new life.  I was initiated and a full member for half a semester when they kicked me out without warning on the day I was moving in.  I was suspended for the semester and could come back the next or some bs.  I doubt they would have let me back in regardless, but my parents exacerbated the issue by going behind my back to one of the adult reps of the frat and complaining.  I was invited to what was supposed to be a private meeting with them and a couple members of the board, instead I was sat in the middle of a room while 30-something frat “brothers” and 3 past members listed all the reasons they literally hated me and wanted to never see me again.  I think this is when I finally lost my faith in god, but whatever semblance of peace that was left kept me from doing anything rash or violent.

I moved on with my life.  I made a couple friends but I never really had the “college experience” that people look back fondly on.  (REDACTED) is nothing but a fucking cesspit.  Not long after college I got my first (and only) job as a server.  One of the girls there was engaged, but at the same time very openly sleeping with one of the other servers.  Often times her fiancé would come into the restaurant and everyone would make fun of him behind his back because of this.  I wish I had told him what was happening.  I did, however, let her know what I thought one night when I was fed up with her.  The only result was the redneck whose cock she was sucking, plus the bar owner both threatening to kick my ass – and everyone that worked there looked down on me the rest of my short stay with the company. 

Before moving to (REDACTED), I lived at "home" for a few months.  And that experience truly put things into perspective for me.  I remember not being allowed to be on my computer past a certain hour due to my “perverse” nature.  Meanwhile, my angel of a sister, who was still in high school, was leaving used condoms in the hallway, bathroom, living room, and kitchen to be discovered and disposed of.  Yet when I was in school, my parents forbade me from even dating because it was “silly” for children to be involved in such things. 

Typing all of this out, I guess its not really such a mystery why I’m beyond fucked in the head.  For the last several years, I’ve felt ready to explode at a moment’s notice.  I truly have become a sadist.  Not in any sexual manner, but something that supersedes sexual desire – something primal.  I fantasize about hurting others almost as much as I dream of ending my own life.  And, sure, its often people who I feel deserve it – the racist kids I pick up for uber that spit on me and call me names? Yes, I want to drive a tire iron through the back of their skulls and spill whatever is inside out.  The drunk college girls that think its cute during their ride to sexually harass me by rubbing their hands over my chest and legs, while whispering everything they want to do to me in my ear?  At the time, I would love nothing more than to grind their pretty faces across the pavement until there is nothing left.

But sometimes these urges aren’t so focused.  Sometimes they aren’t retaliatory.  Sometimes I just want to hurt someone – anyone.  Sure, I try to justify it.  I play out fantasy arguments that escalate into brawls where I have to kill someone to defend myself, but that is just me finding a way to get to the same conclusion.  I feel a burning need to end life.  If I absolutely have to end a life, I truly think it should be my own.

I don’t particularly care what happens to my remains.  Burn it, bury it, donate it to science.  I couldn't care less.  If I do have a funeral, please remember that I’m not religious – God is not part of my life, so there is no reason he should be part of my death.  I am an atheist – a philosophy my parents never respected, so please respect that now that I’m gone. If possible, I don’t want any sort of obituary or announcement or anything.  I want as few people as possible to learn of my passing.  Most didn’t care about me while I was alive, so no need to have them pretend after I’m gone.

Honestly, my biggest concern is for my ferrets.  If possible, please find them a safe, happy home.  Due to their age and health, I am sure they will be put down if taken to any sort of shelter.  They deserve better.  I think (REDACTED) knows something is wrong.  Lately she’s just been coming up and laying in my lap whenever she can.  I know she can’t understand, but I hope she’ll be okay.

I talked to (REDACTED) about possibly taking them in should I end up homeless.  But we haven’t spoken in weeks at this point.  Furthermore, he made it very clear that should I ever be suicidal again, not to come to him as he found it upsetting and there wasn’t anything he could do to help.  He told me that if I was going to do it, just go ahead and do it and not involve him.  I’m pretty sure this is true for all my friends, and why I’m not going to even discuss my problems with them any further.  Hell, most of them I haven’t spoken to in months or longer.  When I say I won’t be missed, I genuinely mean it.

I don’t know what else to say at this point, other than I’m sorry for whatever burden this has placed on anyone.  At this point, I just want to be gone.  I don’t want to make things worse for anyone, but I don’t know of any way to make things better.  I have no money, and I’m pretty much out of food.  Being mentally ill and homeless isn’t something I want, so this is just better.
