I want this all to end (long text)I’m new to reddit , so apologies if I do/say something wrong. Actually , I created this account for the sole purpose of writing this post. I just need to get this off my chest. Sorry.
Also sorry for my bad English- I’m European. 
Also one more note- I don’t know what age you need to be to use reddit(I’m 14 and a half),but I’m in a hurry. I just want to get thsi off my chest. I’m sorry if I’m breaking a rule or something but I think that if I keep this in any longer I’m going to crack, and I don’t want that to happen. Sorry again.
I know this sounds really stupid- but I want to kill myself because of my mother and aunt. My first thoughts about ,,god I want to get away and die or something” thoughts started in the middle of 6th grade. I’m going to start 9th grade this fall. As the years passed I just got more and more depressed and anxious. I think you need a bit of my ~tragic~ backstory to understand what I’m talking about, so here we go.


My family is from Eastern Europe. My mom, aunt and dad moved to Southern Europe around the time I was born, for better jobs I think. My mom was 22 when she gave birth to me. 22 is a really young age to have a kid right? Anyways. My mom , according to my aunt, said that she’s never going to hurt me or insult me. Ever. God I wish she stayed true to her words. I mean, the first few years were fine. (Also, I think it’s important to note that my aunt lived with us. She didn’t get married so she didn’t have anywhere to stay) Everyone was happy and no one had a problem with anyone. Well, that is until my sister was born. I had just turned 5 at the time. I was really, reaaally excited to have a sister. Since my sister was born, my mom started being really , really rude to me for no reason. She started calling me ,,incompetent and lazy” because I didn’t help around the house (I was 5!!! What did she expect??) I didn’t really mind thiugh, I was taught to forgive people no matter what. But , other than the insults, she didn’t yell at me or hit me. (Unless you count the occasional hair pulling because I was too loud) on my 7th birthday, I think, that’s when she cracked. I woke up early because I was really excited for my birthday, I had invited some of my classmates over. The day went by fine, no fights or anything. However, right after the people that came over left, she pulled me outside and started yelling her head off about how ,,this was a mistake and this was the worst day of her life” i was hurt, but my dad told me that she was just stressed so I let it pass. No hard feelings. I thought this was an one time thing. It wasn’t. As the years went by, my mom got more violent, hot headed and more impatient. She expected me to do chores that weren’t suitable for my age. I had to mop the floor , make the beds and sweep around the house. Of course, I often screwed up because she didn’t really show me how to do these things. She said that I should’ve already known how to do these things. She always expected me to act mature because I was the ,,oldest child” ( I wasn’t even 10 ffs) My aunt and dad weren’t home during the day, but my mom was. So all day long, I had to hear her yells. I started getting more isolated from my friends. I stopped going outside. I stopped studying( though that didn’t really affect my grades, not to brag , sorry, but I picked up on things pretty easily. I still continued to get the best grades in the whole class because I often wrote stories for extra credit) that really pissed my mom off. One day , in her rage, she screamed at me that ,, the first child should NEVER be a girl. It’s embarrassing for the father.” I was stunned. I started crying because I thought of my father, about how he saved me countless times from my mothers rage. I felt miserable. From that day, I tried acting more boy-ish and tough. I didn’t allow myself to cry , i tried laughing in stressful situations instead. I wanted to make my parents proud. I don’t know if that worked, but at least my father doesn’t beat me these days. Lol. Anyways, when I turned 9, my family decided, for some reason, to move back to Eastern Europe. I had to do 4th grade there. I got really , really bad grades. My mom assumed that I would perform the same as I did in Southern Europe because I already knew the language ( I was a 4-lingual??(dunno what the word actually is, but I’m guessing almost it’s the same as bilingual haha)  kid. I knew Greek, Romanian Russian and English) I had to learn how to write in Romanian by myself because my mom thought that if I knew the language, I should’ve been able to write just fine. Well surprise surprise, Romanian has some stupid ,,special” sounds letters that my 4th grader brain wasn’t able to understand. My mom was furious when she saw my grades. She changed my school for the 2nd time now. That was when the real, real struggle started. I was scared to disappoint, so for some really STUPID STUPDI STUPID reason i decided to NEVER talk to any of my new classmates for the entirety of the time I stayed at my new school. Talking with people now made me really anxious because years my mom told me that everyone hanged out with me because they pitied me. I didn’t want to force anyone to hang out with me. So for the entirety of 5th and 6th grade I didn’t say a word to my classmates. I only spoke when the teachers asked me something. My classmates started calling me mute. I wasn’t, but I liked the attention. It wasn’t bad attention, I don’t think my classmates meant any harm, they were just confused to why I didn’t talk to them. My grades were a bit better, but not satisfactory. During that time, my mom got a job that required her be home only for a few hours in the evening. My dad went to Russia to work, and my aunt stayed in southern Greece. I had to care for my sister and myself. My mom wasn’t home, so I didn’t eat, even though we had food because I didn’t want to waste it. I lost weight. I ended the school day at 1 pm, but my sister ended kindergarten at 4pm, so I had 3 free hours every day. I was bored, so I started playing more and more on the computer. I got a social media account and I made actual friends on it. ( I still talk to them to this day! They’re my best friends and I’m honestly thankful for everything they did. I’m glad they didn’t just leave me even though I’m a really annoying and uninteresting person. Also note this- my mom never found out about my Internet life. She doesn’t know I have internet friends and honestly I’m too scared to tell her. She’s going to kill me for sure. She already tried to so *shrug*) I talked to them everyday. I started drawing too. I got requests and commissions to draw some characters from a game, and I got paid with the in game currency. (If you’re curious, the game was animal jam) my art skill uhhh,,, improved if I have the right to say so. In the middle of 6th grade, my parents decided to move back to Greece. I was ecstatic! I was going to get to talk to my old friends again! Right? Well ooopsie doopsiee, my classmates bonded during the time I was gone, so when I got put in the same class I was in during 1-3rd grade, I didn’t really get along with my classmates. I was kinda hurt, so I started eating to comfort myself. I gained weighht. My mom hated me. Now she would yell at me and tell me what a stupid, slutty , RETARDED , f*ggoty person I was (I’m pretty sure she called me whatever came to mind. Also , she had quite the diversity in cursing, because she knew 3 languages lol. She prefers to curse in Russian though. 84857392 times more threatening) I would run away from the house and hoped that when I came back , she was either at work or had calmed down. Luck was almost never on my side. Everytime I got home, I got the beatings and insults of the century. I didn’t take my sister with me because she was my moms favourite, she was always treated like a princess ( she grew up to be a rude spoiled brat.  No surprise here, even though it sometimes hurts. Sorry if you’re still reading.) I started being depressed. I saw no point in life anymore. My mom showed no signs of stopping her behavior. And I had another 6 years until I could move out. I lost my faith in god , if he was real , why didn’t he stop my mom? Why did he let her call me all those names? Why did he let her act like she was the victim when the school called her because my behavior was unsettling? Because he isn’t real! I stopped trying to be the eldest ,,son” my parents wanted so much. I don’t remember how it started, but one day a HUGE fight broke out among my parents and aunt. Everyone was screaming and beating each other. They broke the dining table and some plates during their fight. It wasn’t a pretty sight. After the fight, my mom turned completely cold. Everyday was a living hell. Okay sorry I’m rambling now but I need to type all this. Sorry but I feel it’s important sorry.  I’m aware that I most likely sound like a spoiled brat right now that is sad uwu because her mom slapped her once but I want to assure you that this is not the cAse. I think it’s not possible to understand unless you actually live those events so...,,,sorry again. One day she got angry over a coffee stain on the floor, so she told me to come and sit in front of her. I thought I was going to get yelled at because I didn’t clean it. The moment I got close to her , she wrapped her hands around my throat and threatened to choke me for being such a ,,b*tch” I think I was close to passing out because I remember not being able to see clearly for a few hours after the incident, and because I had a faint bruise on my neck. The next day, she reveals that my birth was an accident and it was my fault she married a ,,complete pig” because she was afraid to abort a me (she got pregnant before I was born , and aborted the kid. She said she didn’t want to abort because she thiugh she would be less fertile or something) she told me that I shouldn’t been born. That ima complete and utter failure and that I would do the world a big favor if I died. I was beyond hurt. I broke down in front of her and oh god oh heck I’m going to remember the beating I got for crying in front of her (it’s kinda,, complicated but it’s not good to cry in front of your parents. Only cowards to that, according to like, ALL OF my extended family) for the rest of my life. My mom hated my guts. And mind you, she didn’t beat my sister ONCE. Never. Nada. I was the,, demon who cursed her”. I was also a whale that ate all of her food, because I was a bit overweight. My mom never had a good relationship with my aunt, even if hey live together. They often fought btw, and I may sound stupid and weak saying this, but those fights were pretty traumatic you can’t even imagine what they did to each other. I tried to kill myself 3 times in a span of 2 years. The first time,  it was right after she told me about how she should’ve aborted me. I tried to jump from the balcony but I figured that I would break my leg at most, because I live on the 1st floor, plus because there’s grass under my balcony , so I decided to wait and see if life gets better :/ the second time, I tried to slit my wrists, but the feeling of actually dying and never being able to live again scared the living hell out of me so I decided to never try cutting myself again. The third time, I tried sleeping pills. I downed one pill before my dog came over and started nuzzling me (he does that when he thinks I’m sad) so I was like ,, I’m going to pet him before dying. At least I’ll die happy.” I ended up falling asleep on the floor though. Received a good beating for blocking the way. Anyways, now I feel like nothing can save me. I’m planning to drink alcohol and drink sleeping pills to die. I know that even the smallest things in life can keep you from killing yourself but I’m done. I PROMISed to my internet friends that I wouldn’t kill myself!! Yet look where I am!!! Thinking about them helped me clear my thoughts in the past, but now I haven’t logged in a few days in hopes that they will,, just forget about me(which I’m sure won’t happen actually, because when I left for a week, they seriously thought I commited suicide. I don’t want them to feel sad. I love them all. I live them more than I live myself or my family. But I want them to forget about me so I can die in peace. But I know that’s not possible) my dog used to help me, but now I just don’t care. I don’t care. I don’t care if my mom finds out about my internet life. I don’t care if she finds my sketchbooks(I’m embarrassed to admit I like drawing, mom thinks it’s a waste of time) I don’t care if my extended family start considering me a coward that’s good for nothing. I don’t care if they throw away all of my stuff. I just want to die. I want to die. I want to die more than I want to meet my internet friends. I want to die more than i want to adopt a cat. I want to die more than getting to eat Russian ice cream again(which I love a lot or used to, I guess).
Those little things kept me from actually doing th deed in the past. But now I’m done. I want my mom to feel the pain I felt when she said those words to me. I want my aunt to feel the same pain as I did when she agr ed with my mom. I don’t know about my dad, even though he’s pretty abuse to my mom (he beats her everyday and stuff, and I almost feel sorry for her) I don’t know how my grandparents will feel. I feel about guilty , actually. They always said that they want to see me grow up and I feel guilty because I know that I won’t grow up. I’m going to die. If I don’t commit suicide, then my mom is surely going to run me over with her car or something. I was never a petty person , but look at me now, wishing that my mom goes through the same stuff that she put me through. It’s pathetic.

Before you ask me why I didn’t tell anyone about this, I want you to know that this kind of stuff is considered really bad in my county. A child that snitches on their parents is as good as dead to their extended family and stuff. No one will want to talk to you anymore if you tell the police or someone that can help. You’ll be considered a traitor, so yeah, I’d rather pass the ,,contact someone that can help you” part.

I feel so stupid and pathetic. I’m pretty sure I will get a strong kick in my ribs if my parents ever find this post. A small part of me wants to get past 20 years of age and actually live, but that ,,part” is tiny in comparison to my desire to die. I don’t know if any one can help. Giving me a suicide hotlines number wont help. I won’t call. 
I feel so lost and alone. My current classmates ALL have loving families and to be honest, I feel like crying everytime One of them talks about their mother like she’s some sort of goddess because I know I can’t talk like that about mine. 
My mom acts really nice when she thinks that I’m about to snitch. Then when she gains my trust again she goes back to her violent , cruel behavior. The last few years have been full of this ,,schedule “ (sorry, couldn’t find another word) I want help. I want to die at the same time though. Sorry for the long walk of text. Good day. 