No way outSo.. to start off I'm writing this to let out fustration no one can help I dont think. unless someones magically going to send me some instruments
My name is "insert stupid name here" ... I'm 20 years old , a college dropout because I got kicked out of my house at 18 and lost my job around the same time I used to be a piano student... it hurts to think about pianos....... my favorite instrument.. I was a music major in college, specifically a pianist..
I had to sell my keyboard... and my guitar warped in the heat of my car and became unplayable
I can't get a job... i tried..everything.. workforce, army, minimum wage, every fast food job in town and the towns over I just want to play music
I always had music before to cope with everything, to play out everything.. it was my go to... my escape, without it.. I am worthless. non existant may as weill die because I have nothing to live for I tried a gofundme bullshit project that didnt help..zero dollars, after spending weeks spamming my links everywhere yet some crocodile fanboy named eco ed gets a couple of thousand to go to africa and punch iguanas...
America, how you have failed me I can't even get aid because I was a college student.. how much sense that makes
last song i recorded recently,,, after being able to use a piano which just brought up a montage of feelings www.youtube.com/watch?v=sct4JLLthmI
from the movie amelie which I have yet to see , but I had the sheet music checked out the trailer on my 20 dollar garage sale computer which lags.. the original music is fantastic... it pains my soul to the depths I'd like to go to france and drown myself in one of their many rivers
everything sucks, everything hurts theres no escape i tried spells, witchcraft, i tried being religious and going to church those people have more problems than I do... i wish.... I wished... that someone would see my video and be like.. hey... wow... let me go ahead and.. give this person something like a good hundred dollars to buy a keyboard or a guitar or something... people spend so much money on stupid things every day, I wish someone could give me a chance to have a reason to fucking exist
everyday hurts a little more, ive started trying to just sleep through every day, hoping maybe one day I'll wake up and have a job offer... how sad that I cant even get a job at mcdonalds, i know theyll never call id like to end everything maybe i would be with my music again,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,

I wish someone who had the power could help but they wont
no one will