Ability to go on after losing the oneI lost the love of my life to suicide getting close to a year ago now. She was without an exaggeration one of the most beautiful people both inside and out. She suffered from depression and borderline personality disorder, she was often bullied and picked on by other girls who were envious of her natural beauty and didn't have the best relationship with her family. She took her life the day before I was moving away for a job and everyday since has been agony.

I could go on about the abuse and threats I've received or how I wasn't allowed to attend the funeral but nothing anyone could say or do would even make a dent in the unrelenting pain of losing her and the endless feeling of guilt knowing I could've prevented it. 

I tried my upmost to support her but in the last 5 months of our relationship (we were together for just over 2 years) I started to not make much of an effort, even stupid little things like I wouldn't show on Facebook we were in a relationship even though she was so stunning and loving. I feel I completely took her for granted and left her feeling unloved, and with the magnitude of issues she was facing elsewhere she took her life because she felt like a burden.

I can't see anypoint to going on anymore, I know I will never be able to love again (I'm 32, she was 28) and I know I will never meet another who loved me as loyally and unconditionally as she did. For a skinny, geeky guy like myself to end up with a girl who was a model and shared so much in common with me, who made me feel complete is unheard of and I never told her how special she was. 

Nutshell, I don't want this life, everything that's lead up to this point was going well, my life was complete, then it was destroyed. I have no passion for my career anymore, I've not worked in over 6 months and have no intentions to ever work again. I have great friends and family who care about me but I don't want them, I want her. Therapy doesn't help, I've seen several now and they don't know how to deal with this and medication just dulls my senses but it doesn't change my reality. There is nothing in this world I want and I guess this is just my want of venting. The stupid thing is I'm such a coward, she was able to do it without hesitation yet anytime I put a rope around my neck I start to choke, feel like I'm going to vomit then chicken out. I guess I'm scared of dying, I don't want to die but I don't want this life anymore.

Sorry for the long ramble, we all have problems here but losing the love of my life to suicide is the biggest and irreversible pain I've ever endured and I can't handle it anymore. 