Don't see a future for myselfLet me start out by saying I'm not yet to the point where I think about killing myself but I am at the point where I live every day wishing it could just be my last so I don't have to deal with myself anymore.  Where should I even start...  First off I am failing 2 out of 3 of my college classes.  I've kinda gotten it sorted out because I'm dropping one but I till have to figure out how to fix the other.  My parents are amazing and want to help and support me any way possible but I always feel like I let them down and I feel like they are always hateing me even though I know they aren't.  Next year I decided to just take school part time and see what happens from there but I don't see any future for myself and I feel like I'm just going to grow up and be a failure.  Probably one of the worst things I have going is I'm a closeted bisexual male and although I tried my hardest not to, I have a major crush o my best friend / roommate who actually recently got a new girlfriend.  Every time he's with her it makes me extremely depressed, especially when I have to go sleep on a friends futon to let him have the room.  I am trying my hardest to get rid of any feelings for him but it's hard as shit.  I think I'm starting to like a girl that is in my friend group but she always does homework and talks to my other friend so I feel like I have no chance even though he has told me I can go for it and he doesn't want her.  On top of this I don't even have a clue how to meet girls and feel like I'm going to live sad and alone my whole life.  I don't think I could ever go for a guy because it wouldn't feel right.  I can't tell anyone anything that I'm feeling because they will think totally differently of me and I don't want that. I'm known as "the nicest guy" but that doesn't mean shit apparently because all it does is leave me depressed and alone at the end of the day.  I guess I just wanted to sort of rant because I've been having a shitty past few months.  Here I am tonight yet again just wishing I could fall asleep and not wake up