I wasn't even supposed to be here and I'm tired and brokeI'm writing this at work right now.  I didn't sleep last night.  I'm so tired of my life.  I was raped two months ago in a foreign country.  As a result of the trauma, my employer terminated my work contract (yay foreign countries with no worker protections) and I had to move back to America.  I wasn't planning to do this and was not in a financial position to do so.  A former boss and (I thought) friend offered me a position in a town I'd lived in before. 

The job isn't full-time, I'm not receiving benefits yet, and I'm not making as much money as I thought I would be.  In fact, I can barely make ends meet, and I can't save at all.  I had to take a second job to bridge the gap (I'm 30 and have never needed to work two jobs to survive!).  I need a car, but I don't have the money for one, so I keep wasting money on Ubers.  I'm too scared to take the bus - the stops are far away and I'm afraid of walking alone.

I don't know what I want to do with my life and this isn't where I wanted to be.  I don't know how I'll ever trust someone enough to have a relationship again.

Oh, and I have no family support - my immediate family hasn't spoken to me since I moved abroad a year ago; my extended family keeps in touch on Facebook, but we don't really talk. 

I'm finally at a point where I need to start taking out shady personal loans or beg my extended family for help.  I am filing for victim compensation but that could take a while.  

I'm so tired, I hate this job and my boss claims he's fighting with management to get us paid but then brings out statistics of the work we're doing, implying that we're not working hard enough to make a living wage.  I barely leave the house because I have to beg for rides from people. 

I'm not even supposed to be on this continent!  I wasn't planning on returning to America for another few years!

I should be quitting pot so I can take drug tests (I've submitted tons of different applications) but it's the only thing that turns my brain off and keeps me going... at least until recently when I stopped sleeping.

I really just want to throw myself in front of a truck.