I need help (M 16) Honestly right now I can't think straight. I'm Marco, I'm 16 and I know my horrible relationship with my family is my fault. I'm the one who's causing the conflict but not on purpose, I don't fight with them or anything but I've gotten in trouble lots and that's my fault. I know they still love me but they're sick of me. I've been off my meds (for bipolar) for a couple months now I've been doing fine. I don't need them, not at the moment at least and although my emotions have been heightened I feel better because at least I'm not numb, anyway thats besides the point.

I've been arrested a couple times, been caught on drugs/with drugs on me and I know I give no reason for them to trust me but now they think they have the right to isolate me, give me no personal space or anything, which is honestly causing more of my bad behavior because my friends are the only thing in my life that make me happy, and now I can't see them, so obviously I'm gonna sneak out or use drugs even more, right? I feel so uncomfortable at home, like no matter what I do I get questioned about it "what are you looking at" "why are you closing your door?" For the last couple days I was allowed out for once, so I went on an md bender- i know it wasnt the smartest decision but I've been having comedown effects like normal, although it has been one of the worst comedowns I've ever experienced. It's pushing me off the edge, I'd be able to handle it if my family wasnt constantly telling at me because if anything goes wrong in our house I automatically get blamed.

My sister tells my mother everything she finds out about me, which in itself is shitty since I thought I could trust her but she's also been telling her false things about me, such as that i'm dealing drugs, stole from her etc. No matter what I say, I can't defend my self because she's the golden child and whenever I've tried to defend myself my mother just says I'm crazy and that i must've convinced myself I didn't do it. This made me question my sanity for a couple days and was probably the worst mentally I've ever been so now I just say I didnt do it and leave it at that, then get grounded or whatever my punishment is. I'm gonna say this right now, before you try telling me to just move out, or wait it out "it's only 2 more years". I can't move out for a couple reasons and I know it's only a couple years but the situations just getting worse and worse and I can't handle 2 more years of this- or worse.

I've tried to commit suicide 5 times in say the past 6 months or so but last night I had my first dream. I had commit suicide and I was free and it was just like my subconscious was just floating around being happy and I never wanted to wake up. But I did, to my family searching my room.

Also I don't know if this is relevant or not but this girl told me she might be pregnant with my baby even though we've always used protection and I don't want people to call my selfish although maybe I am but if it is my baby I don't know what I'll do because if I kill myself then I'll be labelled as even more selfish but I can't deal with it right now, i don't know.

It's my 17th birthday not soon but whatever. My family have all decided to go overseas during that time and although yeah I guess I dont really want them there it kinda hurts to know that's how little it means to them

Edit: Please don't tell me it's my comedown that's making me feel this way and in a couple days I'll be fine because I've felt this way all of last year too.