26, Major Tragedies in Life, No Options, No Money, No FutureThis is going to be a long one, but I'll try to keep it coherent. Here goes:

I'm 26, live on the East Coast in a rural area. I quit my job in Sept of last year, I claimed workplace abuse to my friends, but it was more that I had been written up, hadn't improved, and didn't want to get blackballed from my industry of choice (system administrator).

I've lived with my father for the past 5 years, and we get along, but I've constantly disappointed my family. My father was expecting me to be the golden goose of my brothers and sisters, but instead I became the dropout, the mooch, the one who didn't do anything useful with his life. All I have in my life are my aging grandparents, my mother (whose a narcissist who can't help it, and perpetually broke), my father, and a few friends. 

Two weeks ago, I got into a major car accident, totaled my car, and I was hoping the guy responsible would be on the hook, but his insurance pulled a fast one and I'm left without options. Attorneys won't take up my case because they say his ins has successfully screwed me. I'm suffering back pain. I was working doordash, and no longer have the means to do that without a car. I have no income, my father is getting antsy since I'm at home all the time trying to lick my wounds. I have no recourse for that. 

On top of that, I can't go back to my job area with the current pandemic. I cannot work from home, because the work life balance causes me to break down from stress. Losing the ins case has worsened my finances. I have some money I've hid away in case of bankruptcy, but it's not enough to start over, esp with no car. 

I live in a rural area where I have no friends nearby. It's the same town I grew up in (I left years ago, but came back) and I was bullied badly in high school, so I have nothing here for me other than family. 

I have no romance. I left an unhappy relationship 2 months ago, where I was being forced to do things I didn't like. The woman I was courting now sees me as a useless wreck in the wake of these tragedies. I'm unattractive, overweight, bitter. 

So, I'm destitute, unable to work, depressed, feeling useless, and without hope. I don't expect you guys to have the answers, but I'm feeling suicidal. I don't know what to do, and I see no way out of this without begging family to help, and frankly the guilt over being a disappointment CRUSHES me. 

Just... please listen. That's all i ask. In my time of need.