I think I've given up now.I've suffered from depression and suicidal ideation for fifteen years now. This recent episode has been particularly painful. I had been well for three years prior.

I feel as though I don't know what to do. Actually, to be more precise, I feel I have no other choice but to kill myself. It's odd, because in truth I have a few options available to me that could help alleviate the pain. But I just feel so... ashamed. I'm so embarrassed by who I am. I hate myself, I always have, and a few negative comments--last week from a man I was seeing, today from my mother--have affirmed all of the reasons I think I am so awful. I am so upset over every last mistake I have ever made. I think I am so disgusting, so repulsive. I want to erase myself from existence. 

I wonder who I would have been without this disorder, what I could have done. I think of all the people I've lost during my episodes, people I've pushed away or who otherwise walked away. I wouldn't want to be friends with me, either. I wouldn't want to date me. 

My life seems to be improving, professionally and socially, and my utter inability to appreciate it is how I know it's time. I worked very hard to put myself in a place where I felt I could be happy. I am close to that place. I'm not happy.

I felt well last summer. My anxiety was horrible, but I was in no way depressed. I may have never been happier, actually. I had a job I enjoyed, a prospective career change about which I was incredibly excited, a man I was beginning to love. But it unravelled in the fall, and I along with it. I haven't been able to right myself since. Nearly six months now. My mother says I'm just using my depression as an excuse. She says I'm being immature, that it's drama and histrionics. She's cited the same reason that had encouraged me to first plan to kill myself all those years ago: this is my fault. I am stupid and annoying and unlovable. I hurt everyone with my sadness. I'm just weak, and pathetic. 

I should try harder to get well. But for what? To live a few more years, maybe good ones, maybe bad, only to have another debilitating depressive episode? This is the kind of life I can look forward to. Who would opt in for that?

I've been staying alive for my family. Twelve years now, since my initial suicide attempt. But I can't live this way anymore. I cannot sit here, suffering, alone, alive only because it would grieve my family and friends. They are asking too much of me. I've stayed here as long as I could. If they really love me, they'll see that when they find out that I've finally done it. They'll understand that it always had to be this way.

I never saw any other ending for myself.