End of the road. Need someone to talk toI've been on a downward spiral ever since I came into this world. Bad decision making, severe bullying/physical abuse, varying health problems, alienation and my general inability to relate with people and the world we live in.

My whole feels like a dream that's just flashed before my eyes... and BAM gone in one instant. There's nothing left in me. No will to live, no joy, no motivation, no friends, nothing. All the remains is pure anger, disgust, resentment and frustration towards the world we live in today. There's nothing but a plethora of banality and ignorance everywhere I look and I just can't take it.

Unlike a lot of people I really don't want to live, if there is a reason it might perhaps be for my family or my dog but at this point even that's not enough.  Nothing is and there's nothing, absolutely nothing that can change my decision. There's no more prolonging the inevitable and most of all no more searching for false hope, a false light at the end of the tunnel... because there is none.

I've always been made fun out of and been bullied physically and verbally, I mean I could have beaten the shit out of a lot of people that inflicted the bullying upon me but I was simply out numbered. Plus there was no point at the end of the day. There's no point in anything. All meaning is subjective and I have none of it. Zero. Zilch. Nada. Nothing. Nothing but pain and seething anger remains 

I've spent the last four years in isolation watching the world move by. Everything feels like a blur and I'm stuck in a perpetual state of feeling disconnected to everything around me. Albeit, I've felt this way for a large part of my life. I look at people running around from office to office, sitting on their couches watching mindless reality tv shows, worshiping flags, being okay with people in third world countries being killed, content with being blind consumers and being superficial sheep; It makes me sick to the point where I can't function. It's not that I think I'm superior, it's just that I can't relate to it or handle all the pain in this world. I can't bare it any longer.

Then comes the bullying, the bullying and isolation combined influenced my bad decision making. I talked to a tonne of random girls on the internet (dirty talks), when I was 18 I might have accidentally talked dirty to a girl who was 14 or 15 but I didn't realize that it was wrong at the time. I've made catfish profiles, sat at home all day playing video games, browsing the internet and marathoned tv shows in an attempt to escape life but it's never enough. It never will be. I also became severely addicted to porn (legal porn of course) but at times developed severe ocd where all these bad thoughts came into my head and I thought I was either gay or a pedophile (I'm neither but the isolation messed with my mind and made me more paranoid than normal). I told my mum everything and she was helpful and all but it's not like it matters anymore.

To add to it, I've got a jaw deformity which although isn't the most noticeable is another odd stacked up against me. Most relationships I've been in have been terrible, in fact one of my first relationships was with a girl who was mentally abusive and had guys threaten me all the time.  Oh well, I'm used to it who cares? I'm invisible to myself and the world.

I don't want to be talked out of my decision but what I want for some unknown impulse inside of my brain, is to talk to someone before I die. To have a genuine person to try connect with and to talk to. 

All I've ever wanted was to be content and to have friends and to lead a happy life but it's been raped away from me. I'm nothing but a broken, battered, messed up, angry, alienated, isolated, depressed guy who's made all sorts of mistakes and become a fucked up human being in the 18 years I've lived.

Over the past few days complete relief of sorts has taken over me, although there is still bursts of anger in me. The feeling of fading to black and the warmth of letting go comfort me. I will be free at last. Free from myself and this world I was forced into.

I don't want talking out of and I'm not playing the victim card. In fact I think I'm a terrible human being if anything, just like most people in this world. One good thing that's come out of my suicidal thoughts is that I have no fear at all anymore, of nothing. All fear of death, pain, opinions of others has been nullified and wiped away into nothingness. 

I haven't constructed an articulate plan as of yet but I'll be going out via partial suspension hanging most likely. I don't know when but I'm guessing it's when I have the energy to get up and JUST DO IT. 

I'll probably play fifa, hang out with my brother and my dog, listen to some music, reminiscence over some early childhood pictures of me, my parents and my sister and then fade to black. Gone. Into eternity, never to be seen again by anyone. Peace at last. 

The only freedom for a person like me is from the barrel of a gun or a rope. I can't relate, nor ever will. I don't even know who I am if I'm honest, isolation has ruined me and dark random thoughts always pop into my head which scare and disgust me because It's the opposite of what I am. You might say it's my depression talking but honestly fuck the police, the government, the media, people and the entire damned system. BOO HOO if you want to call me mentally ill for saying something like that please do, but back it up with statistic and knowledge or shut the hell up and join the line of sheep. 

If your whole life has sucked it's unlikely it'll get better. I don't believe in an afterlife but I really hope I get to meet my brother and my dog in the next stage of existence albeit there probably isn't one at all...

I had dreams of becoming a mma fighter, I went to a top, top school and got good grades but now nothing remains. I'm a dead man walking, you might as well have me sleep in the cemetery because all that's left is the formality of putting a permanent end to it.

Thanks for reading. If you want to talk, feel free to message me. I don't even know why I'm doing this but whatever, hey ho. 



