after overcoming severe depression my way of life has come around full circle to a dark place once again.Looking though this subreddit is vary sad, People pouring their souls out to strangers in return for a few upvotes and a comment or two extending pointless sympathy. Even though it dosn't matter here's my story

to put it bluntly, my parents had brainwashed my view of life so deeply that if you don't have a high paying job your going to be unhappy for the rest of your life. at the age of 5 I can then recite that i want to be an engineer when i grow up, not even knowing what that was. Fast track to highschool where pressure and depression is at an all time high. If you dont do well here, you wont get into a good school and if that doesnt happen then your going to make pennies and hate your life forever.

everyday i would get what I now know of as "suicide headaches", a burning skull shattering pain in the back of my head every time i would feel depressed and thought of suicide making it 1000 times worse, my time in school would be replaced with finding out the best way to kill myself. my grades dropped and my social life suffered. 

The only way i overcame suicide was to take on dont give a fuck attitude to everything in my life, I felt beyond relieved, I felt confident, I felt happy.. knowing in the back of my mind that I'll just ride this life out until I actually am unhappy and do hate my life... 4years later after getting into a shitty school and getting a shitty "engineering technologist" degree in a field that I hate, I get rejected from all universities and the thought of ever building/desiging/creating something to help others or the world is shattered

I'm in debt, Time is passing by, I can only enter a field I hate and i don't have enough time or money to pursue another career path that would make me even less wealthy

maybe this is a sad pathetic reason to be depressed but I know this feels like a disease that will never be able to shake.. all my life I knew the way I'd die was by suicide... maybe not now.. maybe after I've won this battle but later I know i'll loose the war
