I’ve wasted my life and have no friends and may have killed someoneI’m 30 and nothing to show for it: I don’t like my job, don’t have many friends (though I have superficial friendly acquaintances), and my romantic history is a mess.

To be positive, I’ve travelled a lot and have a (useless) degree. 

I had severe OCD as a teenager that left me housebound, and I missed a bunch of social development. I have some trauma etc and have borderline personality disorder, OCD and generalized anxiety disorder.

I can’t find reciprocal romance. Whenever I’ve slept with someone, it’s been out of a sense of duty, rather than genuine attraction.

I hate being rejected and become controlling and stalkerish. There’s probably about 10 people who hate me. 

Just recently, I was on holiday in New York. I hadn’t slept with someone in a year. I met a cute chubby Jewish guy (so in theory not a player) and we slept together. I thought we were going to keep meeting up, but the next day I sent too many texts and supposedly scared him off. Then he started making suicide threats and accusing me of all sorts of things (“please don’t hurt my dog”, “please don’t hurt my family”). It was really out of proportion to what I said. 

Since then I’ve tried to contact him to have a conversation, but he’s blocked me on everything. I refrained from contacting him, then called a lot of times tonight. I just got home and I’m really jetlagged. 

I just want a 2 minute conversation about what went down. Then I’d have a resolution and could move on.

But now I’ve called so many times he’s probably scared and going to kill himself or something and it’s my fault. And I don’t know how to escape this situation. I just want to talk on the phone and be free. I’m not attracted to him. I was just shaken by the threats he made. It seemed like he was exaggerating his fear as an excuse not to see me again. I feel like he just used me for sex.

So now I’m scared I’ve called too many times and he’s done something. And I can’t see any reason to go on. I don’t like my job and I have no friends. All my relationships are jokes and a bunch of people hate me. I can’t shake this horrible obsession with having a conversation with this guy. And I’m really tired and can’t sleep. I haven’t slept in 36 hours now. 

I suck and I’m a failure and I’m afraid. He doesn’t even care enough about me to have a quick phone call. I feel worthless. And I’m scared I’ve somehow pushed him over the edge. It’s probably a crazy fear, but it’s frightening. 

I’ve wasted my life. 