suicide note, im sorry.Happiness, it doesnt seem possible.
trust me, i know people have it so much worse than i do, but im also not as strong as other people. i think about killing myself everyday, and its gonna happen soon.
i cut myself today, over 30 times as well, i hope that the burning feeling will take away how numb i feel, i sob so hard that i cant hear myself anymore,
i genuinly feel /numb/, i cant feel sadness anymore, i cant feel anything. 
i want to just scream, scream until my voice leaves me completely, scream until everyone who's hurt me knows how badly they've hurt me.

consider this my suicide note.

side note; sorry for anything that isnt spelled correctly, im typing quite fast.

kylie: thank you for being so easy on me when you let me go, i still love you, i think about you everyday, please find someone who treats you better than i ever could,
you deserve so much in life, youre so talented, so beautiful, you have so much potential, please dont be sad about my passing, im happy now.

aaron: i bet you didnt exspect this, i wanted to thank you for so many smiles when i was low, sadly when im doing this its 12:21am your time, so you couldnt make me 
happy since youre asleep. i love you, thank you for sticking by me through everyything alexis did to you. thank you for trusting me (kinda).

luke: oh, where do i start with you? this is mostly your fault, after you broke my heart into a million peices, after you chose /it/ over me, thats when i really 
made the decision to do this. you ruined me. fuck you, i hope you get everything you deserve. just yesterday i went to where you work, i heard your voice an saw your 
beautiful smile, i broke down, i know you saw it, all you did was smile more. fuck you fuck you fuck you.

carlos: what you did was my breaking point, you didnt really know though, you just left me to watch anime with your friend and thats what upset me, im sorry if im over
dramatic, but i love you. 

mom and sissy: i gave you both hints that i was gonna do this, but nobody acted fast enough, im sorry, i love you.

dad: fuck you 

max: i know you need me, i need you as well, but you dont understand my depression well enough to help, im sorry, i love you.

danny: i know you'll never see this, i really do, but you are the only reason i stuck around for as long as i did. you are my only sorce of real smiles and joyful
laughs, you (and he rest of the grumps) mean everything to me, i would do anthing for you, but sadly i cant anymore. you told me to not do this, you told me to stay
alive and im not listining, im so sorry danny, im so sorry, im trying but its not working. i love you to the moon and back.

this is farewell, im sorry, goodbye. 