OCD Venting - Confession, Please SupportThe pain from what I will explain is so hard that I feel like killing myself

So I have been struggling with different OCDs with different intensity since the age of, say, 12, and now I am a 28 year old male.

For the last two years I had this intruisive fear of my grandma dying. You know death is inevitable, but the thought of her death keeps getting in the way of all activities I do and is extremely stressful when I am not on my meds, and even when I take them.

But the last two weeks became horrific. I started xanax again and even it cannot calm me as good as it used to to. A few years ago I had this fear I had caused my grandma angina pectoris because six seven years ago we had a fight, she insulted me and I pour hot coffee over her. She got very stressed and offended that day and was laying in bed all day. I went through hell of imagining I have harmed her health, then posted some posts on reddit about angina pectoris, people including a physician explained me how the angina pectoris developed and told me I have no guilt and need a psychiatrist. So this old thought came back again, but what makes me feel the most crazy currently (ironically, this is from a rational point of view the least problematic fear) is a 10-year old OCD guilt-based fear that somehow resurected and came into the OCD mix. When I was in 8th grade I was receiving nocturnal emission, i.e. I had pink dreams and at that point my mother would often do much of the laundry by hand, also as I kid when I masturbated I would often come in my underwear. So years later after me been in highscool this came back as a memory (maybe at the age of 20) and felt disgusted and imagined all crazy thoughts like what if after I have touched my underwear I would touch a spoon in the kitchen and not use it and someone else would use it, or what if my mother would touch her face or mouth after doing the laundry. So the OCD always picture the worse scenario and it is - well what if someone from your family got some of your semen in their body... all these three fear combined are making me crazy even on xanax and I feel hopeless. All my ambitions, my sanity, me having a child one day, this all could go in the bin, I will end up a psychotic failiure....