If I don’t have a purpose I might as have no point in going onWhen I was 16, a junior in high school, I barely figured out what I want to do with my life. I wanted to help out my people out on the Navajo reservation, support the other parts of my family that isn’t doing to good, and have a stable life with a good circle of friends. 

I went to school after graduating because I couldn’t get into any good schools because of my gpa was horrible, and didn’t know how to get to my life goals. 

I’m now 18 with only one class in my second semester at a community college, because I failed all five of classes the previous semester, I was not able to take a class and was dropped from it, put on academic probation, dropped from another class, and now failing my only class. 

After all that I decided to think about alternatives because college is not for me. I thought about a trade school. Nope. Too expensive, strict, and just expect to much from me. 

I’m not from a great background. I grew up in south Los Angeles during the early 2000’s. Which was just starting to calm down from the 90’s. So I seen and heard a lot of stuff, met a lot of people, did a lot of things. Most I’m will never talk about. Not to my best friends, family, or even therapists. 

I know how easy it is to get money and I start to think about. Almost tempted to. Then willing to. And just when I was about to act on it. I see them. My nieces and nephews that ask me to play with them, my friends and family that ask me to hang out with them, and I think about them and I remember my goals. 

After all that I begin to wonder if I’ll ever amount to anything. I wonder if I’m even supposed to be here. I think about how everything would’ve been if I was just like my brothers and sisters that didn’t make it out because of my father. I used to think I was lucky for that. But nope. I’m just a burden. My mom was successful. Not anymore now. 

Now I’m thinking I should just end it. Because it’s hard. Finding a job is hard. School is hard. Life is hard. 

The problem right now though is the hardest. How? How should I do it? Should I grab my gun? My knife? Take every single pill in the house? Drink myself there? Drive up the mountains? Start a fight with the wrong person? Take something some dude just gives me? I don’t know what to do. Which should I do? 

Because everything is so hard right now. And everything isn’t for me. Is living for me. I don’t think so. 

I think I’m going to try the drinking one though. So if anyone is taking theirs. I see you there. If not then I guess I’ll see you all here tomorrow.