I don't even know what an appropriate title would beThis is going to be a long post, sorry.

I'll just start off by saying I probably will not consider suicide. I've considered it many many times throughout my life and I just don't have the guts to actually do it. More accurately I'd say if I were in a life or death situation, I wouldn't struggle. If I got into a car accident tomorrow an I needed to unbuckle my seat belt and get out of the car ASAP before I got hit by another one, I'd probably just sit there and let it happen.

I'm Courtney, and I'm 21. Don't even bother telling me I'm too young for some of my problems because you're just going to piss me off. Let's start from the beginning? I've pretty much never had much in terms of self esteem. My brother was always the favorite in the family, and my mom didn't even attempt to hide it. I've always been an outcast. I had friends when I was in school, but never anything special. I had a group of friends I spent a fair amount of time with but I only had maybe one person at a time I could actually talk to about my problems. Each and every one of them eventually decided that I was too weird for them and they didn't want to be friend any more. It was like they all got together and planned this. I was never much in terms of looks either, as has been pointed out to me quite a few times. I'm not hideous but I'm certainly not attractive. Hell, I didn't date until college, and that was only half by my own choice. I got used a few times and had sex with three different guys before I ever even had a boyfriend.

My health was never all that great, but when I was 14 everything took a turn for the worst. I started getting unbelievable menstrual cramps that put me in the hospital multiple times. It took a long time before anyone would even believe me, which hurt. After being put on birth control this mostly straightened out, but after that I ended up coming down sick around once a week. I caught every single flu or cold that was going around my school. Some days I would just have such severe nausea I couldn't get out of bed, seemingly for no reason. I couldn't focus in school. I couldn't think straight. My memory was deteriorating so bad that I wouldn't be able to remember what I had for lunch the day before. My mom decided with her imaginary medical degree that I had ADD. She talked a doctor into getting me some pills but they did nothing. My dad was worse because he was convinced I was just being dramatic and there was never anything wrong with me. This is approximately when I started feeling useless, and depressed, and had my first suicidal thoughts. For the next four years I suffered through school and barely graduated. The only reason I got handed that diploma was because of my mother convincing my teachers to cut me some slack. All that time I was miserable, feeling like I was losing my mind enough as it was, but then no one believing it was real made me feel even more crazy. Hell, my dad literally told me that I'd rely on a man to support me for the rest of my life. He used to also tell me "You're not stupid, you're just not trying hard enough" and in my mind, because I was working my ASS off trying to be normal, I must just be stupid.

I got a job after graduation and it was shit. At first my health situation seemed not to be so bad. About a year in, my health started to get worse and there were certain jobs I couldn't do. My manager made me try to do them anyways, despite excruciating pain. Then I started to head downhill, back to how it was in high school. I had to have my shifts covered a lot and actually had to call out a couple of times. Most of the time I showed up to my shifts feeling like a zombie and trying not to puke on anyones food. [It was a fast food place.] While I was working there, I was also at community college full time. Why I thought this was a good idea, I don't know. I failed every single class. I didn't go back after my second semester. Shortly after dripping out, I met the love of my life. We were young, and we're still young but I say this with full confidence. He is my other half and I realized once we were together that I had never been truly happy before I met him. We've now been together 2.5 years. Up until recently I had full confidence that we would be together for life. I literally cannot imagine a person more perfect for me.

Eventually I was able to leave that job and ended up at a clothing store. Things were much better there because the work was a lot less stressful. However, my other coworkers didn't like me for whatever reason, and got me into a fair amount of trouble. They trained me wrong on purpose, and convinced me that doing thing A was okay, when really it is the perfect way to piss off everyone else, and eventually I got bitched at in front of customers for it, and was nearly brought to tears. Slowly but surely my health continued to get worse and eventually I was having shifts covered there too. I decided to do the responsible thing and take some time off of the schedule. During that time I sought out a doctor that would actually help me. I finally found one and got the diagnosis I'd been waiting for. I was treated and started getting better. When I felt ready to go back to work, I would need a doctors note for the month I was off the schedule, even though they never mentioned it before, and I lost my job because of it.

From there I didn't work for over a year. I was babysitting for minimal income and that paid my bills, sort of. I didn't have money for anything other than food, cigarettes, essentials, and gas to put in my car to get to work. It wasn't much, but I could work even on the days where I felt like death. He is seriously the most well behaved kid I've ever seen, and I'm unbelievably lucky in that regard. The problem is that it doesn't pay much, and it won't last forever. At most I can watch him regularly until eh goes to school, and then after school until he is old enough to be home by himself, then I'm not only out of a job, but my health has probably gotten way worse by then, and I'll have been out of a job for more than ten years. Anyways, as time has gone on I've had trouble with keeping a regular doctor. My initial one closed his practice. One doctor told me my condition was just depression and I wasn't actually feeling any symptoms. Another was a complete bitch and yelled at me when I forgot to take my pills, even though she was fully aware of my memory problems, which only continued to get worse. Finally a few months ago I ended up finding an amazing doctor. She takes everything I say seriously and treats me like a friend, and not a stupid teenager. She tests me for anything I request, even if she doesn't think I have it, just in case. Now, that's amazing and all, but my condition took another turn to hell within the last few months. I've been experiencing horrible muscle pain all over my body. The symptoms from my other condition have returned, even though the levels of the hormone it effects are normal. I feel positively hopeless as the symptoms just keep piling up. I wrote them all down a few weeks ago and my list of symptoms spanned two pages. I'm miserable every time I move. I'm now a the point where I have to make the decision between using a motor scooter at Walmart, or possibly passing out in one of the aisles instead. Unfortunately, I'm just not emotionally ready to be that disabled yet. My doctor is currently running some blood tests I should hear about any time now and she may refer me to a rheumatologist soon. Until then all I can do is wait. Another doctor for an unrelated reason has scheduled me for a surgery next month.

I had for whatever reason gotten it in my head that I could just push through my illness and get a job anyways a few months ago. I got a job by some miracle as a manager at a convenience store/pharmacy. It was pretty much a shit hole, but it paid. Anyways, I pushed myself for a month, coming in when I felt my worst, pushing through, trying to swallow the vomit and not have to go home. Eventually it became too much and I got fired again. The situation hit me pretty hard, emotionally. I never really felt worth much in my life and this was just another slap in the face.

For the last year I have been living in my grandmothers home while she travels back and fourth between my hometown and her sisters home. She is generous and doesn't ask me to pay rent. After a difficult situation with his family, my boyfriend moved in with me a month or two ago. We had practically been living together anyways. Well, after a big fight a week ago, he moved back in with his family. I don't want to speak to them if I don't have to, btw. So, we decided to take some time apart. He is afraid of taking care of me for the rest of our lives. Apparently it's what his father did, and he doesn't want to follow in his footsteps. Apparently his father worked several jobs at all times and almost ever saw his kids until the youngest was 12 and the oldest was nearing 18. I don't want that life for him either, of course. I want him to be happy, and I wish I could give him the world, but obviously I can't. He has agreed that he will come back home when I find a job that will accommodate me, which is fucking hard by the way, but everyday is torture. I can't eat. I can't fall asleep most nights, but the ones that I do I sleep for 12+ hours. My stressed has caused my symptoms to flare up. I recently found a pain killer that works and sometimes it's the only reason I fall asleep at all. I spend a lot of time crying because I'm living in the home we shared together, even if it wasn't very long, and reminders of him are absolutely everywhere. I've been applying for jobs online, but pickings are slim, even without the accommodations I need, and especially since I have no college degree, no special training or certificates, and my job experience is laughable. I really want to go out and talk to employers and find myself a job, any job, and get this all behind me, but there just doesn't seem to be a light at the end of the tunnel. I keep hoping that next month during my exploratory surgery they'll find cancer and I can just tell my boyfriend to go be happy with some other woman, and then I can die in peace. I never imagined I'd find myself WANTING to have cancer. 

But really what is my best case scenario here? My boyfriend comes back, I work a minimum wage job for the rest of my life and we're sort of happy? Is it even worth it? I don't have any friends. I don't have family I can depend on. I have absolutely nothing to contribute to the world. My boyfriend is having doubts, so now my dog is the only one that really needs me. In a way he's what's keeping me around. He;s so stupidly attached to me I don't think he'd ever be happy if I died, and I know for a fact that neither my boyfriend or my family would keep him. he'd just end up miserable in some animal shelter. I can't stand the idea that all I have to live for is my dog and the faint hope that I can go back to normal. I used to want nothing more in life than to get married and have a kid, but now that doesn't even seem possible. I just don't see how I could ever hope to recover from this.

Sorry for the wall of text... I'm going to try to get some sleep. If anyone makes it through all of that and replies, I'll get to it when I wake up.