A long list of reasons for my inevitable suicide1.  Raped by my own dad as a child.  No one knows.  Does that make me not a virgin?  Idk.  Haven't had sex with a girl and I'm 21.  Maybe my childhood is fucking up my subconscious and ability to find love.  Or maybe that's just an excuse.  Idk.
2.  Never been in a relationship, and this is what hurts the most.  It feels like everyone's got a partner.  But not me.  The loneliness and lack of love is what puts me over the edge.  It tears me apart and makes me sick.  I recently reconnected with a girl I knew from some years ago.  We were talking and kind of quickly fell for each other.  Problem is that we live on opposite sides of the world.  She decided it'd be best to talk less because a relationship would just never work, barring some miracle.  She's right - he heartbreak is less now than it would be a few months from now.  I also know our relationship was completely unrealistic, but I was willing to live in denial just to be happy for once. She was a sweetheart about it, but now I'm lonely again.  I just miss having someone to talk to everyday that I love and that loves me back.  We do still talk and we do still love each other, that much is clear, but we don't talk as much or have the same loving fun and loving conversations as much.  We're so similar to each other.  So we're going to be there for each other.
3.  Nowhere to go, no one to talk to.  
4.  Hate my hometown and am dying to get out for one last chance at starting over.  Not happening any time soon cause of the virus.  My brother, the only person who really gets me outside of the girl I mentioned above, moved across the country.  Distance and loneliness are killing my heart.  I want her and I want my brother back.
5.  Work.  I hate my part time job.  I suck at it.  My coworker treats me like shit, so I do the same. Been browsing job sites trying to find a full time job for after I finish school in a couple weeks.  Everything seems miserable.  Even if I got an interview, I wouldn't actually want the job.
6.  Today I woke up and everything was blurry and grey again.  Sitting through work at home not really doing anything at all.  Hungover from the sleeping pills I took last night on an empty stomach and dry mouth.  Virus or not, I wouldn't have been going anywhere or doing anything anyway.  Maybe people will at least finally start to realize what my life's been like for the past four to five years.  I'm tired of being alone and at this rate, I don't see it getting any better.  I know people will tell me it does.  But if it doesn't within the next year or two, I'm gone.  I've been saying that for a while, but I'm afraid. Sorry this was so long.  This is the only place I have to talk to anyone.