I don't know or remember what it means to be happy.I have diagnosed depression and, I suspect, am bipolar. I alternate between severe depressive feelings and rage so bad it brings me to physically shake. I'm a 19 year old gay guy, and I've been in one relationship in my life, a year ago. It ended with a guy I thought was still my friend apparently never talking to me again. At first I still had something like hope after that, but I remembered it took me *years* to be open enough to consider dating someone, especially another man with all the stigma that's been around that my entire life. I don't know if my parents never gave me the attention that I needed or whatever, but I don't ever remember having a real loving connection with anyone except for that one boyfriend. Even as a child: my parents told me that if I did something bad, they wouldn't have to scold me for it. They'd pull me aside to talk about it, and I would send myself to my room and cry to punish myself rather than listen to the reason that what I did was wrong. For over a year now, I've felt completely alone. I took antidepressants for a while, but the entire time, my mother (who's medical insurance I was under) was more focused on getting off the meds than getting me to a point where I would want to live. I've been diagnosed with depression since 2012 but, thinking back, I can't remember a single time in my entire life that I was ever happy or satisfied with my own existence.

I have 4 people I consider friends in my life. These 4 people put up with an enormous amount of my bullshit and I honestly feel horrible for putting them through my issues, since I know that one of them, my best friend, is also at least slightly depressed. I've been pushing them away further and further over the past few months, and I can tell they don't want to see me as much or go places without telling me about it more than they did before. If I lost them, I'd lose what little reason I had to stay here on this life. They're all I have, all I ever have.

Speaking of that best friend, I've felt something like love for him for a long time. It wouldn't be a problem considering he's bisexual, but he also is in a monogamous relationship with a girlfriend (one of the other 3 friends) that I have no desire to interfere with (not that he'd pick me over her). He's my best friend, and I love him more than anyone else, but I know he won't ever love me if only because it'd be easier to explain being with a woman, never mind the fact that he has most certainly been turned off by my fluctuating level of sanity around him.

My friends told me I was making them uncomfortable with my constant suicide "jokes" or comments or making "Vietnam flashback" faces, but goddamn it I'm not trying to be such a miserable bastard.

I don't know if I want to kill myself. I've held out for 19 years in the hope that one day, I'll find someone who cares about me, that I can care about, and we can just be happy together. I worry though, that the quality of life I'm in *is* my life, and I'll always be like this. I've been like this my whole life, I don't think I can ever change. I could never be fair to someone else in a relationship even for some reason they found a reason to like me. That's all I've ever wanted, I don't live for myself, just the possibility of someone else. If it ever got bad enough, I know I have the tools to do it quickly and painlessly, and lord knows I think about it all the time. But I haven't gotten around to actually pulling the trigger, probably only basic human survival instinct. Oh well. That's my human conversation for the day.