I don't understand why people don't care until you try to kill yourselfAs I typed that out I realized I kind of do in a way. I guess what bothers me is people put off other peoples feelings until its irreversible.

I've talked with family members and co-workers about my feelings of depression and event thoughts of suicide. They've been comforting in the moment but I realize it feels shallow to me. It's not that I want people to put down everything and dedicate themselves to making me feel better or anything like that.

I guess have this nagging feeling that I should kill myself and no one seems that interested in helping me find a way to deal with it. I've had heart to hearts and discussions about "how to fix my problems" but its hard to fix my problems on my own. Ive managed to get a lot done while crying about it the whole time, sure. But I feel like living is very inconvenient and if I'm not constantly distracted or occupied by something then I feel absolutely hopeless and miserable and lonely.

I've been thinking about killing myself so I can give my money to my family and I dont want people to start caring and hurting after I'm dead lol but that's been one factor that's been holding me back. 

My boyfriend is the only person I've told about my plan and he obviously doesn't want me to and I appreciate the thought of course. I just know the money will help everyone more than I ever could and I'd want a natural burial so it shouldnt cost much to throw my corpse in the ground. 

I dont want him to be sad. I really dont but we live in different countries and we don't make enough money to visit eachother regularly. Its so hard to take the steps to get the paper work done so we can live together. I think itd be a lot easier on him if he had someone wealthier or even in the same country to be with. I have friends that don't I talk to (thats my fault for not keeping in touch) and family that ive tried reaching out to, but everyone has their own problems you know.

I feel like itd be better for the environment and my family financially if I killed myself so I don't see any huge set back. Yeah they'll be sad but I'm an adult and who cares about adults until they're dead?