I've had sex with two girls in my whole life and I'm pretty sure I have herpes now.I'm 22, I've gone through many long depressing periods in my life but I think I might be at my breaking point now. Last year I finally lost my virginity to some girl I met online, it was pretty terrible we had sex for about an hour and I couldn't even finish but whatever at least I could say I wasn't a virgin anymore, and I used a condom so I was fine. Me and that girl didn't talk again because frankly she was really weird. 

Anyways, fast forward to July 1st, Canada day. I haven't been with anyone since or even had so much as a date. I ran into a girl who had cut my hair a few weeks back and recognized her at the bar, we got to talking and hit it off. Went back to my place and had sex, we used a condom at first but i took it off for oral and after that I didn't bother putting another one on because well, i was drunk, I asked her first though "should i get another condom?' and she replied with just pull out or something, so I figured she would have insisted on a condom if she knew she had an std. Anyways we continued to see each other for another week and had sex a few more times, but it wasn;t just sex, we hung out and talked and watched movies and stuff and she stayed over for most nights that week. I was thinking I would finally have a girlfriend for once in my life but then one day she cancelled our plans to hang out then the next day she said she didn't think we were each others types. That felt kind of shitty but we hadn't been seeing each other for very long at all so I couldn't really be all that upset. 

 Fast forward again to about a week ago i notice my penis is feeling kind of itchy when i wake up, pull back my foreskin and notice some red patches, on the tip and around the foreskin. So here I am hoping its just from masturbating too much or something, I stop jerking off and start rubbing polysporin cream on my dick hoping that will clear it up. Anyways its been a little over a week and there are still red patches and even some red tiny bumps on my dick also a general unconfortable feeling. I'm thinking it's probably herpes but I'm scared to get tested, for one its humiliating and I really don't want to be diagnosed with a lifelong infectious disease that will pretty much guarantee no one will want to have sex with me again. 

Also I've been unemployed for the past 5 months or so and have burned through all my savings and my credit card is nearly maxed. I wont be able to afford another months rent if i dont find a job and get paid before then end of august. my only option will be to move back in with my dad in another town and he has a wife that annoys the hell out of me so i'd really rather not do that. I've seriously been thinking about just ending it all, can anyone tell me how to fix my life?