My Soul Is LeakingWell, here I am. I'm not exactly sure what to say, but I'll do my best to explain my situation. Currently, I'm in a dark place, and I'm not exactly sure where to turn to. 

Over the past couple of years, I've lost my grandparents who were very close to me, and I've lost my mom who I barely even knew. Since then, I've been estranged from my family, and my "friends" (consisting of online interaction only) seem more distant than ever. Maybe it's an aura I'm giving off that's keeping everyone away from me. I've been battling these dark thoughts for a long time now, but I've lost the will to fight anymore.

They say life is a roller coaster filled with up's and down's, but I've been seeing only the downside of everything. Nothing seems to be going right for me, no matter how many times I try to reach out. I work at a retail job where I go unappreciated, and no matter how hard I try to reach out and make a single friend, I'm met with an indestructible wall that I can't climb over. I try to put on a mask that shows people that I'm capable of being a good person to be around, but my darkness seeps out. The mask cracks and eventually crumbles. 

I've sought professional help via therapy, but unfortunately I cannot keep up with the bills to continue going. I'm not sure it was helping anyways. It felt like I was just sound boarding my problems to an empty void. 

I've been alone for most of my life, but I've never felt this isolated and this deep into the darkness. I've lost control of myself, and I'm not entirely sure what's going to happen next. It scares me.

I've had substance abuse problems involving weed and alcohol. In an attempt to better myself and fight the good fight, I've quit weed and have tried to exercise willpower, physically and mentally. Unfortunately, I'm not perfect, and I'm currently drinking while writing this. 

I feel like I'm babbling, and I apologize if this is incoherent. 

TL;DR: I'm lost, alone, abandoned, and having dark thoughts. I need help, but don't know where to turn. Having no real friends or family to turn to, I've come here for help of any sort. 

I truly appreciate anyone who reads this. 

 