I think my time is getting close I just cant take it much longerI assume I am older than most here, lets say around 40ish and have suffered my entire life from major depression, anxiety, and generally just being just miserable more often than not. Ive tried meds and therapy to no effect at a few points in my life starting from teens into adult life. My most recent psychiatrist (almost a year ago) broke my trust and I fired him and shortly after lost insurance. And I now have other health problems outside of mental health that are continuous and need care. 

I feel I have basically lived a life without living for the last 10 years, Im married and feel like I am the ultimate drag on the relationship in every way and really believe my death will be the thing to make everything else better. I havent worked in probably 8 years due to anxiety but my spouse made a decent living to cover us both until recently. I have always been horrified to get treatment and I guess my spouse somewhat enabled me to not do that and now if I wanted to get it I have no insurance at all. For reasons I wont disclose I cannot get SSDI and would have to play the system to get SSI so thats not even an option. 

The year has been one absolute disaster and I am tired of living a slow motion train wreck so I learned about the darknet and got what I needed to finally put an end to my life. Ive been sitting on things for a month or so and think the time is getting close to actually do something.

Ive thought about checking into a hospital and telling them my plan but I have perfected a mask that hides any sign of this going on in my head over the course of my life that I almost reflexively put on and I am pretty sure they will think Im lying and not admit me. And to be honest I dont think I really want to be admitted I really think I past being helped and fixing my life a long time ago. 

At one point I hoped to admit myself over these feelings and maybe get emergency coverage somehow but I just dont see that as possible now, I just want to be out of my misery.