I'm scared of what I might do to myself.I am terrified that I might hurt myself.

I want it. I long for it. I'm so tired of everything.

But I also want to see things get better, I just don't know how. I don't think they can. Everything I do just fucks me over more.

I only have two friends left, and both of them are slipping away. One has cancelled every plan we've made for the past two months and only calls me to borrow my Hulu Plus account.

The other, my boyfriend of five years and best friend of the past 8 years ... is on the verge of leaving me. He is long distance, a few hours away, and we were planning to move in together. But now he wants to stay there and move in with his friends. He says I can't join them there. That's probably for the best, I'd never be able to find a job as good as I have here, but very soon my job will be all I have left, and even that is only "okay." I still live paycheck-to-paycheck.

I just don't know what to do. The boyfriend says we will still be friends if he makes the decision to stay there, but honestly I don't see how that's possible given the circumstances. As selfish as it is, I couldn't stand to see him happy without me. I'd die if I had to watch him move on.

I literally have no one to talk to. My own Dad wouldn't even answer or return my calls to tell him Happy Father's Day yesterday. He never called me back on Christmas or my Birthday either. To be honest, I don't even know what I'd say if I had someone. I don't know how to meet people. How the fuck do 20-somethings meet people? I don't have summer classes, and even if I did I take online courses because of work. I don't have a car so I can't drive to the local hobby shop (tabletop gaming) where I might *actually* meet some cool people. And when I *am* around people I feel like I'm constantly on the precipice of a panic attack. I hate meeting new people, but I want to so badly.

I am fucking hopeless.

I just got insurance through my job, so I made an appointment to speak with a doctor about anti-depressants, but I couldn't get an appointment until September. I'm scared I won't make it.

Sorry for the wall of text. I just really needed to rant, even if only to strangers. Thanks for listening.