Suicidal Ideation vs Suicidal ThoughtsPreface: I am not at risk or harm and am not soliciting any advice or asking for help. Just looking to explain my thoughts in an attempt to see if anyone relates. 

I can honestly say I've never been suicidal. I just don't have the stomach for it. Plus life really has never given me a reason to. While there are people that struggle with depression everyday who sadly succumb to the illness, i do believe a vast majority of suicides do have a trigger point. This trigger might be at the end of a long hard road, but it is nonetheless still a tipping point. I've never had the white hot flash of emotion in a particular moment that I think it would take to end it all. I won't demonize or romanticize that feeling, but I would care to think that it is probably the strongest emotion suicidal people have had in at least a very long while. 

What I do struggle with is suicidal ideation. A constant debilitating thought of wanting to die. I cannot remember when that thought has not been a part of my adult life. I first remember it when I was 13 (I am now 30) and I distinctly rrmember how sad I felt in that moment. Through the years that emotion has changed. Sometimes its sad, others its anger, or loneliness. Sometimes it is so apathetic i can't say I felt an emotion at all. But I cannot remember a single day in 2 decades in which at some point of the day, in the silent recesses of my brain, that I didn't think the thought- I just want to die today.

Sometimes I thought it was best to fight it. To overcome whatever pain or sorrow I thought was causing it in the moment. Other times I decided to wallow in my self pity and could not help but feel I would never overcome it. In busier moments it felt like more of a nuisance than a debilitating thought process. In more melancholy times it felt like a soul-crushing thought loop that I could not escape. I heard it on manic days, sad days, lonely days, and yes even on happy days. It felt utterly independent of my heart, mind, or soul. It truly felt like an illness. Or at least faulty wiring that was simply bad genetics.

So like any problem I set out to fix it. Over a long period of time I gave a valiant effort to defeat this malady. Personal therapy. Group therapy. Both seemed like a waste (to be fair for those struggling and cannot understand why or how they feel the way they do i fully recommend and believe in the value). But that wasn't me. I knew exactly what was wrong with myself. And I i knew why I felt the way I felt. Therapy just made me feel distant and morose.  So obviously my issue was chemical or physical. Now this is not the place to debate the efficacy of chemical treatment for a mental disorder because I neither want to portray it as a cure or state that it is ineffective (every brain/drug combo is different and results do vary) but for me it was an abject failure. I either felt nothing like a was in a fog (and I wanted to die) or I felt like I was reprogrammed and my emotions were out of whack (and I wanted to die) or I felt that the drugs were helping and I was able to be a functional productive part of society (and wanted to die). So again I was at a loss, because I realized that while an underlying mental condition was probably an issue i was dealing with, it was not the source of my everyday desire to want to die. The problem again felt out of my control.

Next came coping mechanisms. I felt like if it wasn't emotional or physical then it was just a flaw in my character. So I decided I needed to work harder. Plan better. Avoid triggers. Protect my heart. Provide structure and attempt to cage my brain. And man did it work. I learned how to not be sad. I learned how to get out of bed each day. I learned how to reconnect with friends. I learned how to be successful at work. I learned how deal with social anxiety and cope with existential dread. I worked so hard and had plenty to show for the fruit of my efforts.....except no matter how hard I tried I still wanted to die everyday. 

So 0/3 I was running out of options but I was logically tackling this feeling piece by piece. So it wasn't emotional or physical or behavioral. Well time for a hail Mary. It must be spiritual then. So I went on a journey of enlightenment. (Everybody's faith and value system is completely their own and I don't care to rationalize/defend my own or anyone else's for that matter.) So I went searching. I found God. Then I found multiple,  then I believed x, then I thought y. I seriously questioned my non belief, as well as my perceived belief. And wen it was all said and done I found my personal spirituality. (Which I feel is a common process with just different endpoints that we all go through) One thing I didn't find was a spiritual harmony in which I still didn't hear that voice saying "I want to die".

I have a million reasons why I feel that way. I can tell you why emotionally, spiritually, logically that it is the only conclusion I feel. I want to skip that rationale in this post as to not idolize or demonize those feelings but no matter what I do they are still there. In fact they are the only thing that endures. Sadly I have to admit, they are stronger than ever. I still have no ability to act on them but the pull they have over every single word, idea, and thought pattern i have is immense. From trivial thoughts in the shower to existential conundrums i ponder at 3 am all roads of thought and being travel to 1 single inevitable point. The fact that the truth is i want to die. Outside of circumstance, outside of self worth and evaluation, out side of altered chemical states, and outside the reaches of spiritual grace, I still just want to die. Every single day. Roughly 7,000 straight days now. 

So to anybody looking at this post or perusing this subreddit for whatever personal reasons you have to do so. Whether you are looking to help those in need. Or are looking for answers to help fight the struggle you endure. I have no words of encouragement or optimism. I cannot say it gets better. I cannot say the journey is worth it. I cannot say that the pain is only temporary. Sadly all I can say is I am still fighting it every day, but every day the only thing I want to do is die. But the one thing I can tell you that is the absolute truth is that I am alive. And so are you. And we are here until we are not. And that I nor you are alone. Doesn't mean it helps to know/understand that, but it does provide a sense of cosmic relevance. What you or I feel is a struggle but it is real. It is an honest battle you are fighting. Every damn day. And I for one, empathize with you on that one. GOOD LUCK.


Ps this was an attempt at a thought experiment designed to explain the difference between suicidal ideation vs suicidal thoughts/tendencies. As expressed through the limited personal experience I have had fighting the illness for roughly 25 years. My viewpoints, while personal, or in no means correct or truthful, they are merely my perceptions of the world I live in and how I relate to them. I just wanted to share my battle and hopefully explain 2 separate sides of the same coin. If you take the time to read this. I appreciate your time out of your busy day to indulge me. Be safe and take care.