Odd to be posting here againI've spent the last few weeks trying to find information on what to do about being unemployed and in debt and so on... Too many articles are written by people who haven't experienced severe suicidal thoughts, too many people just shove links in my face about applying for temp positions or whatever online, without ever acknowledging how hard it is to work up the motivation to even do so.

I have been recovering from three recent suicide attempts in the past year. I genuinely thought I was much better, but obviously again I'm now entering the low trough of the wave that is mental health.

I have failed and withdrawn from many courses last year due to the above suicide attempts. Now I'm back at school and only taking 9 credit hours, but I have been so poorly motivated that I haven't gone to class at all this semester. I do the online homework but otherwise I spend all day at the library to pretend like I'm doing something with my days.

Even a year ago I considered that college wasn't right for me. If I withdraw from all my classes again (most likely option considering it's too late to expect me to gain motivation to pass, much less go to class) I will most likely be forced to drop out.

I'm lost on what to do. In the nearby future I almost certainly will be unemployed, in massive student loan debt, and without a degree. My family's financial burdens are HUGE (we might file for bankruptcy this year if we don't sell our house... and even selling our house will only provide about $45k which isn't enough long-term for a family with 5 dependents) and I do not see how I could contribute to lessening this load. My parents are 56 and 65 respectively and don't plan on retiring till 70, I do not want them dealing with crippling debt for the remainder of their elderly lives.

I have sought therapy. I am currently on medication for a host of mental illness. But more than ever, I need some financial help. If someone were to come and give me the money needed to secure my family's immediate future in exchange for my life, I would gladly do it. A therapist cannot help me with finances. A psychiatrist or a counselor at school cannot do that. My student loan creditors are unwilling to let me defer if I'm not enrolled.

Please help. My family does not deserve this burden of debt.