Already want to die at age 14...I've been struggling for years now, just an endless loop of depression, anxiety and suicidal thoughts. I honestly don't remember a time of happiness at this point.

I had a rocky childhood, with two working parents, a brother with schizophrenia and mpd (over 10 personalities) and a sister with a lot of the same stuff I'm dealing with now. 

I was three months clean from self harm but I relapsed today. My parents know I used to do it but it was such a feeling of humiliation telling them about it last time that I don't want to hurt them again. The first time I told them, I was 12 and almost admitted to the hospital if the doc on staff wasn't an idiot that told me to "hang in there" despite three years of suicide ideation. 

It's been at least 5 years now and I've stopped seeing the light at the end of the tunnel. It feels like my friends have given up hope for me and the only things keeping me alive are my family and my one friend that I've been the only support system for years. She's falling just as fast as I am but she's gripping me for support and I don't want to let her drop. 

I can't get out of bed some mornings and am gaining a considerable amount of weight because of it. I hate my body, I hate my needy personality and I hate how I rely on other people to keep me alive. I want to wake up every morning with a reason to live, but have that reason be for myself. I want a job or a hobby, anything that isn't a person but keeps me locked into this world. I've taken up knitting and I write stories every once in a while, but I've lost interest in a lot of things I used to do, especially writing. 

I'm supposed to start therapy in three days, but I'm genuinely not sure if I'll even make it that long. I'm getting these suicidal thoughts at least once a day, and you can only patch up the dam with tape for so long before the whole thing cracks and ruptures. My question is, how long until I rupture and flood my brain with all this shit?

Sorry for taking up your time...