I joined Reddit just to ask for a reason to live. I'm 22 and supposedly have my whole life ahead of me, but I want to pull the plug before I get too involved.I understand that there is no way for a bunch of people on the internet to give me a tailored reason for existence, but it seemed like, unlike those white trash teenagers on Yahoo! Answers or the semi-disabled, well-meaning (but annoyingly preachy) old people on 7 Cups, someone on Reddit might actually understand what I'm posting and the deep sadness I have, considering this is a sub-reddit and all.

This is my first time even using the site so I don't get how it works, as a disclaimer.

I graduated college with a 4.0 GPA, moved away from an abusive family (physical and mental, ranging from getting hit in the face so hard I'm a little deaf to being told to kill myself and that everyone hates me, then two seconds later being told "you imagined that"), and am now looking for a job. It has been a year since I moved here and I still have no job. All my friends have jobs. I had a killer internship and a few good temp jobs at major studios, but nobody fucking cares and I am getting really fed up with the "if you play your cards right, work hard in school, have great work ethic, don't do drugs, be nice, you will succeed" shit. I have this sudden and uncontrollable urge to blow my fucking brains out. I was the one who was doing everything right, who prayed at night when she was 8 years old and her father was slamming her face into the corner of the kitchen wall, that one day I would be successful. 

I feel like it is so taboo to even MENTION that you've had a hard life-- you are expected to be fucking happy all the time in my industry. I am depressed because of my unescapable past, not because I'm some monster. But I feel like they see me as some damaged shelter dog. I am told by every counselor, temp agency, friend of a friend, mentor, etc. that I am doing everything RIGHT. So why is nothing working? Why do HR people tell me I killed it in the interview and then I NEVER get hired? I feel like every piece of the universe wants me to kill myself. My life has been Murphy's Law.

Thing is, my life took a turn for the worst when I got this abusive roommate. She treats me like shit and breaks my stuff. She never showers and rubs cigarette butts into my clothes. My other roommate is horrified, she doesn't understand either. On top of that, this triggered my OCD, which is now consuming every minute of my day because I am afraid she is giving me thirdhand smoke and cancer. My feet turn black from walking on her side of the room, and I haven't slept in weeks for more than 2 hours because I wake up sweating and crying. I mention this because the living situation I have (lasts for 3 more months and I can't escape the lease, I've tried) is making my depression worse.

I also have an awful eating disorder and the shame of it is killing me. I was anorexic a year or so ago and then I developed binge eating disorder, going from 72 lbs to 160 lbs (at 5'2) and everyone at college making fun of me for it behind my back. All my acquaintances left me when I got fat. I got kicked out of clubs (all clubs at my college were student run) all for being a fat fuck. It was a vein and political school. We had no administration to mediate this. They saw how much I was eating and people texted me mean shit about it. I think about this every day, even after I have been out of school for a whole year. So I lost down to 116 lbs and now I am creeping up to 118 lbs again cause I binged all week while plotting my own suicide. I feel myself getting fatter and fatter and I want to blow my brains out because I have no control. It is just like college all over again. I have tried medication so don't propose that. I was a transfer student into this college (abusive life in high school prevented me from getting in because I had low SAT scores) but I stayed determined, and left school in the literal top 1% of the class. 

OK SO WHERE IS MY FUCKING JOB? If you do all the work, if you have been working for a year cleaning up puke and snot and bathrooms, why can't anything work? I can't go back to my abusive dad! He is the only other place I can go or I am homeless, and rent is high. 

All my friends are getting super cool jobs and I can't take it anymore. They don't deserve it. They are not as smart or as good at the job as I am. As someone with low self-esteem and who has tried the slow release of starving herself to death before, it takes A LOT for me to say I am smarter or better at something than someone, and with that said, I mean it. 

If the world works like this: "You can be the hardest worker of all time, rise up out of an abusive household, escape cardiac arrest from anorexia, going deaf from child abuse, and moving all the way to the other side of the country alone-- YET you still won't get hired over someone with a well-connected uncle" then guess what? I don't WANT to be alive. I have been plotting my suicide for quite some time now and yesterday the cops came to my house because I told my sister I wanted her to have all my belongings and she got scared. I don't CARE about my sister being sad after I die. She will get the fuck over it like everyone else will. Everyone moves on, it's just how life works. And I'm so fucking done.