"but everyone would miss you!"No. They fucking won't. I hate when people say this. "Your friends are going to miss you, your partner, your family will miss you!" Will they grieve and be sad? Will my partner bawl his eyes out for days on end? Will my mom be so sad she can't leave the bed? All yes. However, those feelings will move on. They will learn to grow and understand why I killed myself, or maybe they will just chalk it up to me being a "tortured soul". Whatever happens after I'm gone, is not my fucking problem. I hate being guilted into thinking it is. Everyone will cry, I'm sure they will plan a funeral for me and put my stiff corpse in some bullshit clothes that I wouldn't wear or like and paint me like a saloon whore for all to gawk at and sob over. I'm sure my corpse will be stuffed full of cotton and embalming preservatives. I'm sure I'll get a gaudy headstone too. I just want to fucking fade away into the nothingness. If anything, I want my body to be creamated on an open pyre and be burned with lavender, blue sage and marijuana. I guess, either way, it doesn't fucking matter. 5, 10, 20 years down the line people may think of me from time to time, but I know my partner will find someone else to spend his life with, my friends will move on. 

I've told my few friends and my partner about my suicidal thoughts and ideation and even my plan: to purchase a hand gun and end it, and they just say "oh stop, that's so dramatic" or "hahaha same I hate life lmao" and I'm just like, well, damn, ouch! That hurts. It proves me that they don't really care. I remember when I was 14 or 16 and I came to my mom crying my eyes out, telling her I couldn't take it anymore and I wanted to kill myself. That I had been self harming and wanted to end it. I remember her yelling at me and telling me to go back to bed or something. This was a long time ago and it was very traumatic for me so I don't really remember what happened, but I did not get the help I needed.  If I tell my therapist she will put me in a mental hospital and cause me to go into thousands of debt, which happened last time, and the sad thing is, the hospital doesn't even help in the long run. 

Dropped out of school because I was mentally unstable and I couldnt do it. 
Quit my job with a non profit I was passionate about because I was being manic and mentally unstable and couldn't do it. 
Can't find a job because I'm mentally unstable. 
Therapists don't stay with me longer than a year and dismiss me as their client because I'm always a lost cause I guess. 

I have so much trauma from my childhood. My mom caused most of it. I was online groomed when I was 13, 14, 15 by one individual person and we met up several times and he raped me and molested me in a public park more than once and at my house a few times. He was 24-26 at the time I was 13-15. I have severe depression, anxiety (social and panic disorder), C-PTSD, borderline personality disorder, bipolar 2 or schizoaffective disorder, ADHD, I am on the autism spectrum and have depersonalization and derealization episodes/disorder. 

I'm in pain. I'm suffering. I have tried so many times to recover and be a healthier, less sack of shit person over the years and I fucking cannot do it anymore. It's hard to live. I can't make money and enjoy life in this stupid materialistic, consumerism, consumption crazy society, I can't find something to focus on long enough to become good or at least even novice at it. I don't have any hobbies and can't seem to find any or stick with any. I'm not desirable, or hot, or sexy, so I can't even sell my body to get money. My partner resents me for not being able to work. He doesn't understand. He's told me he doesn't understand. He just tells me "it could always be worse". 

I want to either kill myself or do some freak shit and buy a one way ticket to some place in Europe and never come back. I could seriously do it. I have about $1000 to my name and I want to buy a plane ticket to escape and never return, hell, maybe I'll even kill myself there. Two for the price of one. Maybe become a homeless person or buy a car and live in it, in Europe. I hate living in America as well. It fucking sucks here. 

Anyways, cheers if you've made it this far. I fucking hate existing.