Much Like Everyone Else HereGiven the frequent calls for help, writing anything here is a bit of a gamble.

I can *feel* that I'm losing the will to live, but I'm not there yet. I've made request after request, seen numerous therapists, taken numerous meds from numerous psychiatrists, and feel like I'm just delaying the inevitable. As if, somehow, a miracle will happen by crying out so often.

I know I need to earn my place in life. I'm just so tired. Literally tired. I've been emotionally tired for a while now, but in recent weeks I've had a hard time retaining any energy.

One or two weeks ago, I saw a homeless man pushing his broken cart down the street in front of my house. He was mumbling to himself with a dead look in his eyes. He was alone, but muttering to himself. Just seeing this stunned me. It was like several fears and thoughts were struggling to get in my head at once. Many of us, the hopeless, feel like that already. Wandering alone, feeling unsafe, feeling helpless, but pushing on because that's what we're told to do. That guy just happened to be even worse off.

Is that what we're doomed to be? Helpless shadows of our former selves, wandering anywhere because we're not wanted anywhere?

&amp;#x200B;

I'm letting fear get the best of me. This would be the place to do it though. Better to become rattled in writing, than to be rattled where it'd bother people that know me.

&amp;#x200B;

You're talking to yourself, at this point, Joe. But that's fine. A "note" to look back on, maybe. The chance to get my thoughts out, at least.

I repeat myself all the time on this site. Rarely on this subreddit, but I've dotted several others with pleas for help, or requests for suggestions. I don't even know how common my kind of cases show up. Am I just another drop in the ocean? People have responded to my entries before, but very rarely do I find what I'm looking for.

Jeez. What *am* I looking for? There's no "cure" for depression as of yet. Not the biological kind, anyway. I barely know much about dysthymia, polymorphism HTTLPR-5, and my other topics to avoid at dinner. I only know most of them are biological. My meds help. Sure. They don't make me feel "good", but they make me feel better. I've recently been having nightmares of scenarios that mimic those feelings I had, when things were worse.

I live in shame lately. Feeling unwanted, or rather, tolerated. I believe my brother and my mom love me, but sometimes I feel that I'm too much of a burden. At the same time, I know they'd reassure me with that empathetic, yet fiery, look in their eyes. Conviction. Almost upset with me for thinking otherwise. It's a weird comfort.

I feel like I almost don't exist outside these walls sometimes though. I have very few "exceptional" qualities. I'm not attractive, I'm unemployed, I'm emotionally unstable, my insides look like bags of fruit punch trying to squeeze through plastic nets, I struggle to "feel alive", and I'm terrible at maintaining contact with the friends I have.

I know its not healthy to dwell on my negative qualities, but I don't think I've ever had someone close to me *truly* believe in me. At least, not in a long time. I kinda squandered that in my stupid teenage years. Now I get treated like a kid announcing that he wants to be a dinosaur when he grows up, whenever I talk about what I want to do in my future.

If someone was reading this, they certainly stopped by now. Still, I might as well keep writing. I sound crazy even to myself, but at least this offers some stress relief.

I remember when I used to blame "luck", or something conspiring against me, for my misfortune. I know it's not true now though. My misfortunes are my own doing. The odds of me being a victim of circumstance for this long are very unlikely. Still, I think that it's possible for *someone* to be that unfortunate. I hope I'm wrong though. No one deserves to be *that* miserable.

Where was I going with this? Suicide? Yeah. I feel like I'm just running low on willpower. I'm sure lots of people are feeling weaker and sadder lately, given recent events. Once this is over though, they will be able to heal. Not me though. This crap is has been tattooed into my head since I was eleven.

I'm not trying to be "bleak". It's just how things have been for about two-thirds of my life. The odds of things changing now require that aforementioned "miracle".

I pray this will pass though. I'm not dead yet. I *want* to get better. As sad as it is to say, I know some people just want to be miserable. I was once like that too after all. *That* kind of thinking is crazy. But I understand feeling so weak that you just want the credits to finally roll. Sometimes it would just seem easier to sleep and never wake up. Dream of feeling valued, for the rest of eternity.

As nice as it would be for that to happen, I need to be realistic. I knew as soon as I started this drawn-out message that nothing would change. I welcome being wrong, but if so many professionals and nearly two decades of fighting can get me out of this, why would I expect someone to suddenly appear with my remedy? My cure?

What hurts is that this pain is not mine alone. I *know* there are others out there who have it far worse than me. My nightmares happen when I'm asleep, but at least I live in a loving home. Some people don't even have *that* luxury.

Write something later, Joe. You're clearly feeling particularly negative at this moment. Even if those thoughts go unanswered, at least you will have cemented some better thoughts to look back on.

It feels silly writing to *myself*, but there's a small comfort in it. Immediately followed by regret upon remembering my memory of the homeless guy muttering to himself.

Whatever. Hopefully things will be more manageable in the morning.