Setting myself up for failure to make suicide a more viable option in the future. How do I stop sabotaging my future in case I choose not to kill myself?I'm 19F and about to do my A-Level exams in a few months and I'm completely able to achieve what I need for uni or whatever, but not doing the studying or hard work, and I think I've just figured out why.

Suicide has been on my mind for at least 1.5 years now, with at least a few attempts. Standing in a fast road, but the car went onto the pavement and the guy came out to talk to me instead. Tried to throw myself into the freezing rocky coast, but my boyfriend grabbed me in time. Almost took a handful of mixed prescription meds on a girls holiday, but my friends managed to restrain me. And about a month ago, was sat with my legs dangling over a coast side cliff. But I got back up and walked home.
The one last month was different to the others. The others, I was drunk, and had no plans leading up to it or even suicide that strongly on the mind beforehand. More of an impulse. And I had other people get to me in time, probably due to sloppiness with being drunk and all. But last month was different in the sense that I had thought about it sober, and intentionally walked there from my house to sit and test fate. See if I'd do it or not. But I realised I actually have a lot to live for, and the risk of a failed attempt would reduce the quality of life. My boyfriend would leave me if I attempt again, and that makes a lot of sense. He is a saint for staying with me for this much, but a person can only take so much before it starts really affecting them too. Also my family had to go through a lot with me being very medically ill during early teenhood, so for them to be aware that I'm trying to take away what we all fought so hard for would be devastating. I owe them all so much for being there and healing me, that for me to snatch my life away overnight would be a huge slap in the face. Another thing is academics. I have potential, I do well with grades and have so many passions. I've worked and studied hard to get there and I want those hours to be worthwhile by having a career come out of it.
Now all but one of those factors I have no control over. My boyfriend leaving me, no control over. Feeling guilt for the love and care my family have put in to get me healthy, no control over. But I have control over my studies, and they, in a strange way also hold me back from taking my life. So I've not been studying like I usually do, and whenever it's planned to go back to school after a break, I get extremely suicidal. Like tonight.
And I think this is why... I think my depressed side is manipulating anything that will facilitate an 'easier' suicide. Logic being, if I fail my A-Levels, I have a dead end future and life wont be worth living. It will then be easier to shuffle off that cliff, one less reason holding me back.
I've also noticed since that night I sat on the cliffs edge, that with any little unimportant argument, or barely argument, with my boyfriend, I would say nearer the end something along the lines of "You know you are completely able to leave me if it's all too much, I understand." in a very soft manner, testing fate to see if he'd turn around and say, "Yes I do want to leave" while he's in the heat it. I dont actually want him too at all, I see a future with him. Again, self sabotage from my depressive mind is trying to make a future suicide easier, that way I wont have the love of my life to live for anymore.

How do you stop this kind of self-sabotage to make for an easier suicide? At heart, I dont think I want to die. I think I'm tired of living. This self sabotage will only make my living a lot more difficult... how do I pick up the books and stop thinking "what's the point, I'm going to kill myself in the summer anyway, you dont need more qualifications"?
It's making living now harder than it should be. And if I dont go through with suicide, it will also make living harder in the future. How do you stop stopping yourself from preparing for the future or keeping a hold of relationships?

TLDR; multiple attempts in the last 1.5 years, all drunk but one where I walked away. In that one I considered I have too much to live for and realised I've been self sabotaging for a while in order to make suicide easier in the future. But if I do live, I'm creating a bad future for myself. How do I stop sabotaging?