Depressed.I've been getting more and more depressed lately. Getting close to wantig to kill myself.


im in eight grade (ik , 14 years old. judge me all you want). I'm getting extremely stressed about exams and I dont think ill make it to the high school i want to go to ...


at school it's just been an endless cycle of bullying , where it has become funny to joke about me being gay , antisocial etc ( im not any of those ; being gay aint bad , but im not) up to the point where my 'friends' had to ask if those jokes are true. my bullies dont ever get punished despite messing me up in every way possible , from insulting me up to hitting me and breaking/taking my stuff "as a joke" .


i feel that my friends are there just cuz i can help them with school stuff and because they feel bad for me. i have three close friends : one of them is one of the "cool kids" , who i always make jokes with , but the rest of the "cool kids"(like 3 people) hate me , so when they notice me , im gonna have a bad time.


 my second friend is a nice dude with blue eyes who the girls seem to like , so of course they befriend me to befriend him . in the end i get left with nothing but being broken once again.


 third friend is ok.
there's only one person who i know genuinely enjoys talking to me : a girl who i can talk with about everything , but shes always busy.
  the fact that ive been talking less and less makes them joke about me even more. anything i do , they laugh at me , so im extremely insecure when it comes to doing anything out of my comfort zone.


i get called a nerd ( i dont have glasses , nor those teeth things ) despite a girl being better than me at everything. heck , she cried when she wouldve gotten a 9 , and i cried when i wouldve gotten a 4. but everyone calls me a crybaby cuz i cried when i almost got an unfair 4 ( cuz teacher is bad ) , but no one says anything about how she cried when she got a 9. im the only person who remembers...


 im orobably gonna go to sleep in like 15 mins