My story of dealing with a suicide - please read if you are depressed/suicidalHi everyone - I'm writing this to get some things off my chest and hopefully convince someone to get help instead of taking matters into their own hands. I don't want to imply anything judgmental about what I write. I just want to provide a perspective that shows what can happen to the people that are close to someone who commits suicide (believe me, there is someone that cares about you).

**Here's my story:**
1 year ago today one of my best friends committed suicide. Myself and 2 other people broke into our friends house through a window and found that he had shot himself with a shotgun. As you can imagine, this was a pretty traumatizing thing to experience. My immediate reaction was sort of shock for about 20 or 30 minutes. I was sort of emotionless. I called my parents to have them come get me and when they showed up I completely lost it and could barely stand on my own. It was like my entire body was crying. I'm a 29 year old man and this completely crushed me.

That first couple weeks were horrible. The emotions I felt would go from extreme grief and crying to anger and resentment for my friends' actions. I couldn't believe he would do something like this.

For 2 or 3 months after this I suffered from some moderate PTSD. Any minor worry would make me freak out. I couldn't stand people who I thought were being rude - I almost got in a fight with two people in a grocery store because I thought they were walking too slow. I couldn't handle social situations (going to bars, clubs). During this period I couldn't go out because the anxiety was too much to deal with. I still wanted to be around family and close friends, but that was it. I got drunk once during this period and broke things in my apartment after my friends took me home.

The next 8 to 9 months were a little better as the PTSD symptoms gradually decreased and I got used to my friend not existing anymore. This isn't to say that I don't have my moments - I think about my friend every single day. During this period I became extremely anti-social and even stopped keeping in touch with my family (aside from a few emails or phone calls). I didn't want to know anyone anymore because I literally felt like either they were going to disappear one day or I would. I didn't want to go through this again, why would I want people close to me to go through it as well. This began to make me depressed. I felt guilty about ignoring all the people close to me. I couldn't establish connections with people because I simply didn't care to know them - I haven't been on a date in a year (I used to date pretty actively).

Over the last month or so I've come out of the depression for the most part and I've started hanging out with my friends and family again. I still have trouble making new connections with people. I don't know that I will ever "get over" my friends suicide, I think I'll just learn to live with it, hopefully.

My best friends' decision to shoot himself wrecked me. It completely screwed up my perception of relationships, people, and reality. It affected my ability to do well at work. These things also happend to many of the other people close to my friend. I will never get to see my friend again for the rest of my life - no one else with either.

**If you're feeling depressed or suicidal, please, please, please just tell someone. Someone cares.**