Everyone abandons me, and I want to die.I don't know where to begin. My mother is an alcoholic. She used to be my closest friend, but she no longer functions like a human being anymore. I have helped her go to rehab three times, made her care packages, cleaned her house littered with throw up, wine bottles, and piss. I have called 911 on her several times, truly fearing that one day she wouldn't wake up anymore. Many people have told me to cut her out of my life, but I can't abandon her. I could never abandon someone I love. I also have two younger half sisters who want their mother, so I try to clean her up for them. I can't even really think about it without my hands shaking. The weeks that she is good are even worse, because I almost allow myself to think that she is herself again. We fall into old routines. We get our nails done, go to the movies, go shopping. It never lasts. It is not long before I find her so sedated she can barely breathe, covered in her own urine, unable to form sentences or remember entire days. It is an emotional torture that never ends. 

Both of my best friends have died in the last two years. A third close friend cut me out of his life. I guess because I suck. He's not the first person to do this. There must be something I'm lacking, or it wouldn't be so easy for them, so easy for my mother. I had two close friends from college who drift further and further away from me with each passing month. They show up crazy late to anything we agree to do. I feel like they don't care. 

After my best friend passed, I began to obsess over my appearance. I felt like if I looked better, it would be easier to form friendships with people. I work out 6 times a week. I've lost 25 pounds, and I still feel disgusting. I had other friends, but I keep flaking out on hanging out with them because I want to look better. I keep telling myself I'll hang out with them when I'm down to 110 pounds. Earlier it was 120 pounds, until I achieved that weight. I feel like I will never get to the point where I think it's okay to go outside. People at work make positive comments about my appearance, but I truly cannot understand what they are talking about. I feel like they must be mocking me, or I am fucking insane and can't actually perceive what I look like. It's so confusing. I am tired of working myself to exhaustion and never feeling good enough. I am tired of people leaving me. Everything is moving too fast for me to communicate anymore. I can't keep up. Responding to texts even seems like a monumental task. No one cares about me, and it's because I'm a boring, awful person under some self enforced social paralysis. I feel like a complete idiot for even writing this. I'm done. I don't want these memories or this life. I have a plan. I am trying to hold off on its execution for my sisters, but I am struggling so hard. I just want my friends back. I've been in therapy for 6 years. I've been on several different medicines. It hasn't helped. Please tell me what to do. I don't know what to do. Dying seems like the only escape. 
