I don’t want to do it but I have to.There’s a reason why i hate myself, my mother asks me all the time yet doesn’t actually care and talks shit about me and my siblings behind our backs. Now I don’t know about you but i didn’t ask to be brought into this world. Especially not with consequences and problems that keep on building and building for myself unintentionally. I hate living it’s not really fun, especially as a 16 year old that is just expected to be an adult just because “you’re old enough”, most of my life i haven’t really had a childhood, i missed out on having a dad most of my life (8 years of my life actually) he’s been in prison since i was 8, my mom doesn’t like him at all when he’s way more accepting and way more caring and understanding than she is or will ever be. I’m sorry i feel like i’m just going on a tangent now let me fill you in on something real quick before i continue. I’m transgender, transmale actually, so for those of you who are too dense to realize what transmale is it just means i go by male pronouns and that i’m a man instead of a female. So anyways where was I, right, i hate myself, my life, and i’m probably going to either be dead before school starts just because i can’t take this shit and aren’t even able to have a normal summer as a kid before i turn 18. I see no point in really trying to reason with myself at all to see what i have or could potentially have in my life to make it better but i can only think of my father when it comes to that but he’s not even here to help me or give me advice. Other than him i don’t have anything to live for other than my false hopes and dreams that have been just demolished by the evil monster that could give a shit about me. I really want to kill myself right now but what i have beside me isn’t going to work as i’m in my room and don’t want to stab myself as i don’t know how to brace myself for the impact and i feel like if i went down that route i would get too weak and not really hit anything important. i only have two tablets of ibuprofen left so that won’t do me any and plus i’ve read that it won’t even come close to killing you if you downed a whole bottle. I could resort to cutting again for now but i can’t taking living anymore, i feel like my death needs to happen right now. I just want to die already. I hate living and being forced to not have a childhood. I love how she claims she cares but in reality is only saying that just because i’m her child and lying is always the best option when it comes to understanding and pleasing your children. I don’t know where i’m going with this as i’ve lost track, and feel like complete shit from crying and thinking. I promise you to whoever is reading this, i’m not writing all of this for sympathy and empathy, i’m writing this because it sucks when you wake up and hear your own mother bitching about you and your siblings, even the ones that don’t speak to you frequently. I just feel like i’ve been lied to and betrayed by my own flesh and blood. thanks for reading i guess if you even made it this far idk