Struggles of a foreign studentHaha, shitty beta site deleted my heartfelt rant. I love my day. Let's try again, yeah? Fuck me, dude.

Anyway, I'm an international student from a poor country and lived most of my life in the Americas. Most of my friends are there and my life was there.

Now, I'm studying applied mathematics and computer science in Siberia and struggling with the workload. It's not the biggest deal in the world. But, it's more so all the stuff that is going on simultaneously.

I'm really alone. Like, really, really alone. I don't know what to do anymore. 

Like I mentioned before, my life was not on this continent; the time difference between me, my friends, and my family is about 12 hours. So, I'm cut off from them. No real way to talk.

Additionally, the girl I love whom I've been speaking with for hours and hours literally every day for the past few years decided last week to pick up and run away to Saint Petersburg without saying a word. The only reason I even know that she is in SPB right now is not because she trusted me enough to say anything but because Skype's privacy settings were bugged. She really is my best friend and, honestly, the girl I would like to marry one day.

But, man, now what? That's a time difference of about 6 hours and a distance of 4,500 KM. 

The only other friend I have here is this guy from Spain but he is struggling too much with the homesickness and is going to be moving back home at the end of the month. When he does, I'll be truly 100&amp;#37; alone here. 

The extra beautiful thing about the fact that she moved to Saint Petersburg is that I'm on the later end of that time difference and I have morning classes which means by the time she is free, it's time for me to sleep so that I don't fail my classes and get expelled. Essentially, I can't really talk to her anymore.

Speaking of which, I intentionally cut my self off from her yesterday and feel very guilty about it. I told her that until she can be honest with me, I don't think that I can talk to her because it's so unhealthy for me. The reality is that while she doesn't want to tell me the truth, I know the exact reason as to why she is there and it's not a good happy reason.

I feel guilty about telling her that because, like I mentioned, it's not a happy time for her either; I know she needs me too. A good friend would be there for her. But, it hurts me so much to talk to her because I know that if she goes through with what she is doing there, I probably won't see her ever again. And, the fact that she doesn't trust me enough to be honest about it hurts even more because not only are we best friends, I also love her like no other.

I really don't know what I am going to do here anymore. The homesickness and loneliness and emotional drama is killing me. It's a really vicious cycle because the happier I am, the easier it is to go out and have fun and meet people. But, the more homesick and sad I am, the harder it is which in turn makes me more homesick and sad.

It's gotten so bad that I can't really enjoy anything anymore. On Saturday, I went to see a concert that I had been excited about all month. By the time I got back, I was so upset about everything else that within an hour, I was already back to my abysmal unhappy self.

On top of all of that, I finally finished all my doctor's visits. And, the news is just lovely, you know. My great luck has left me with a minor heart condition which I'm honestly not too bothered about. It just means I need to be more careful and take medication daily. In addition, the real kicker, when checking my blood to diagnose the heart issue, they noticed, thanks to beautiful genetics, my insulin levels were way too high and placed me right in the nice pre\-diabetic category. I'm not even allowed to eat comfort food to cheer myself up anymore, lmao. Man, if this turns into full blown diabetes, I'm fucked.

Anyway, all in all, I don't plan on suicide right now. But, man, I'm so alone and so sad. It's affecting my school work and I'm afraid that if I can't pull myself together, I'm going to end up getting expelled. In that case, I really might actually do it because there is no way I can handle that shame of going back home to my family and telling them I fucked up that bad.

Anyway, word. Don't know what to do. Lonely, heart broken, health issues, and fucking up academically. Good times, pals.