I'm a 25 year old failure and liar, I think it's best if I see myself out today.When I started undergrad I was a big success, I got into the honors program, I made tons of smart and funny friends, and I loved to study and work hard toward my goals. My parents and grandparents were so proud of me, and it was clear that I was going to be the biggest success out of all the other kids in my generation. 

I can't believe I fucking threw it all out the window.

When I started to dip downward it was because of a girl. I had lost my virginity to her and then she got rid of me the week of finals. I couldn't focus on anything except how sad I was so I failed almost all of my classes. No big deal, I still have above a 3.0 so I could easily recover from this. Except I didn't, the next semester I found that the sadness I was feeling didn't go away, I began to skip classes and told myself I could just read from the textbook at home. Of course I never did. Each semester became a loop of wanting to start strong, and then never attending and eventually failing, I kept telling myself that "next semester will be a fresh start!" but it never was. 

Sometimes in the middle of the semester I would rise out of my funk and realize that I HAD to go to class. But after missing 3 weeks in a row, I became too embarrassed to attend, so I failed. (Stupid I know, I'm a fucking coward) The last couple semesters I would be too embarrassed to even attend the first week of classes because I was now so much older than everyone else. The fear of facing reality was so great I couldn't even build up the guts to check my email without freaking out.

I told my friends and family that I had changed majors and was planning on going to grad school and that's why I was taking so long. Eventually I would get texts from friends saying "Wow, you're still there?" and it would fucking crush me. So I cut out my friends. I was to ashamed to see or hear from them so I just ghosted them and blocked their numbers. I had the most amazing, thoughtful and caring girlfriend and I let my anger at myself flow out towards her. I never apologized because I wanted her out of my life too, because I knew she'd figure out the truth sooner than my family and then she'd destroy the fantasy I'd created. 

I spent this past year at home with my parents. I told them I got into grad school and it wouldn't start until this fall. I didn't sleep much this year except during the times when my lies were so good, I almost believed it myself. Well obviously the fall is here, I've spent the past two weeks using up the money my parents gave me going from motel to motel and buying lotto tickets foolishly hoping for some kind of miracle. 

There is no miracle for me. I have lied to literally every single person I know. I have lost every single friendship I cared about. I drove the woman I love into another man's arms, I have no degree, I have to work experience, I have nothing except the guilt and the shame. Today I left my last motel and used the rest of my cash buying the tools I need to end it all. I've prepared letters to those I care most about apologizing for my lies and failures. I'm glad that my grandma died this past year so that she could still believe I was becoming a great man. I'm not a man, I'm a worthless child.

I started this life with every privilege and advantage you could have, and I threw it all away. I feel at this point the least I can do is stop being a fucking drain.