How long does it take to mentally recover from an attempt?TL;DR: I attempted suicide earlier this month. I am having trouble recovering. How long will it take to move on from an event like this, and how should one cope?

Almost three weeks ago, I overdosed on Tylenol PM. I had thoroughly researched the effects of acetaminophen, and I knew exactly how much to take. I had already put my affairs in order, cleaned up my bedroom, and written a note. All that was left was to do the deed.

I sat on my bed, shook out the correct number of pills, and cracked open a bottle of water.

I thought I knew what I was doing, but I didn't. I didn't realize how strong the "PM" portion of the medicine would be. I assumed that I would get slightly drowsy and then fall into a peaceful slumber.

But that's not how it happened.

Instead of being lulled to sleep, it felt like something was trying to drag me to sleep. It was violent. I became frightened. Less than two hours later, I was in the back of an ambulance on its way to the nearest hospital.

I spent five days in the hospital. Two days in ED and three days in behavioral. I doubt that any of the paramedics or nurses who cared for me will ever see this, but I am forever grateful to them.

Because my attempted method of suicide was an overdose, I was housed with the recovering drug addicts and alcoholics. Initially, I was scared. I had depression. Why were they putting me with people who had substance abuse issues? We were supposed to offer each other support and guidance. What could I possibly learn from druggies and drunks?

It turns out that I could learn a lot. Most of the people there had underlying issued with depression or other mental illnesses, and that is what led them to become dependent on drugs or alcohol. They were some of the wisest and bravest people I have ever had the pleasure of meeting. I couldn’t believe how ignorant and biased I had been.

Now, here I am, three weeks later.

Fortunately, I have fully recovered from my attempt. At least, physically. Of course, my depression is far from being "cured." I have been prescribed Zoloft, and I have an appointment with a psychiatrist soon. However, I am still lethargic, unmotivated, and bogged down by a whole host of other symptoms. 

The biggest obstacle I have run into is recovering from this whole affair. For a while, I had trouble sleeping in my bed. I kept thinking about that night. Everytime I laid down, I swore I could smell rotting flesh. When I woke up in the morning, I was surprised that I was still alive. 

I am avoiding school. My professors have sent me concerned messages, and I know that my grades are dropping, but I just can't bring myself to do anything. I have to go to work tomorrow (I took the last two weeks off) but I don't know if I can even manage that. I have been spending my days lounging around the house, sleeping, staring at the T.V., and feebly attempting to get back into my old hobbies.

At first, I was so angry and disgusted with myself. Why am I acting like this? Why can't I move on? Why can't I return to my everyday life? I started to regret going to the hospital. I scorned myself for being too weak to follow through with my plans. I began to wish that I actually had died.

But now I realize that it takes time to recover from something like this. No one should expect someone who survived a suicide attempt to immediately be able to return to their daily lives. It takes time to cope with all of the emotions. I am trying to be patient with myself, and yet...

Are there others that have attempted suicide in the past and struggled to move on? What did you do to help yourself cope? How long did it take for you to recover?