It's a losing hand - My life is a bunch of tragic tl;dr.
 
I was essentially unschooled from junior high onward.

I’ve had various medical problems that removed me from typical environments and arrested my social, intellectual, and emotional development (plus there were the physical consequences). I’ve never been institutionalized or imprisoned, that’s not what I’m talking about.

I’m in my mid-twenties and have no college degree. There’s nothing inherently wrong with that, it just feels like the mark of the Neanderthal at times.

I’ve never been in a romantic relationship nor have I done sexual things with anyone. 

The last non-work conversation that I had with someone who was not a family member occurred over a decade ago. I don't mean small talk. 

I’m looking for work, but I've been unemployed for so long that I’m worried I’ve become an unskilled shell of my former self. I’m not talking about high-level work either; any job I can get in the near future will be the type of job filled by teenagers during their summer breaks. That’s fine but also embarrassing.

I feel like someone who had a serious accident and has to relearn basic things like walking, talking, reading, writing, math, etc. When I'm not looking for work, I'm doing makeshift "homework" in order to mitigate the damage of my non-existent secondary education and to prepare for my planned return to college. It's time consuming and distracts from things I'd rather be doing (like working or developing relationships). It shouldn't be necessary, but it is. 

There are minors who have more life experience, a better education, and more skills than I do. I feel like a child. No, actually, in many ways I felt less helpless when I was a child. I feel subhuman now.  

Is it worth putting in the work just to get to a place most of my peers arrived at years ago? I’m useless and ineffectual (if not inherently so, then effectively). At what point is a thing no longer worth fighting for? Would it really be so bad just to cut and run?

I don’t really want to kill myself. A failed attempt might cause further damage to my person, and a successful attempt would hurt my family. However, if I could magically pull a Marty McFly and interfere with my parents ever conceiving me, there’s no question that I’d do so. My parents drafted me into this mess. If I’d had a choice, I wouldn’t have volunteered.

I don’t know what the point of all this was, but I'm sure it was too long. Thanks for reading.