Doing it in the next few daysGot exams upcoming, did no work all year, going to fail. 
Don't have any options, cant face going back to my abusive parents, have no way to afford to live anywhere else and even if I did I don't think I'd want to. 
I feel trapped. 
I've no options if I fail this degree, nothing to live for. 
I always knew it'd end up like this. Never had the guts in the past, but now I have no choice. 

I know suicide doesn't fix anything but it does provide a conclusive stopping point. I don't think there's anything else out there, I don't think it'll be magical or special. Like everything in this life it was a lie, a big sham. 

I'm going to be stood in the woods at a nice-ish spot I know, it'll be windy, I'll be cold and I'll be shitting myself. I'll be sad, I'll be crying I'll be wishing there was a way out and knowing there isn't. 

Every time I've not let go it's hurt more and more to stay. 
I see no future, can't envisage a future where I'm alive. 

There's just no better option, and this way it'll at the very least all stop. 
the last few times I was so close. But I always get caught up in making notes. 
I'll be making them the next few days and then mailing them to a friend, so they get to him after I'm gone. 

Then it'll just be me, the wind, the rain, the mud and the edge. 

I always made the mistake of fetishising the way I go - it had to be perfect, to be a profound escape, life isn't profound, like it's rosy, life isn't good. Why would death be. We're born into shit, we live through shit and then we die of shit. 

It's going to be scary, lonely and cold, but that will all end, and so will everything else once I'm gone. 

I fucking hate my family, my friends will be fine, my sister will be fine. 

It'll hurt my parents - who gives a fuck. Fuckers ground me down, drove me into the shit and made me wish I was dead for as long as I can remember. My prick of a dad choked me out the other day, thought it'd stop by the time I was 22 but guess not. 

It'll hurt my friends - they'll understand. Eventually it dulls and fades and you get used to it, I know from experience. 

It'll hurt my sister. That's going to suck, sure. she'll never get over it, sure. Am I really supposed to stay living in purgatory just so she can have an okay life? Fuck that, losing me won't be that much of a detriment. 
She'll find a bf or gf, get married, have kids and die like the rest of us. She'll have to deal with me being gone, sure. 
I do feel a bit bad. 
But she'll be fine. She'll be strong. She'll know I love her, and she'll know that I'm finally okay. 

And I think that's fair enough. 