Panic disorder, loneliness, feeling of emptiness, and I think I'm becoming suicidalI don't know what to say. I'm not happy, and I have several things that are becoming extremely unbearable to me.

Thinking about it I have never ever been truly happy. I've had good moments, but there has been always something causing me to be miserable in the long term.

My mom is schizophrenic, we moved to a different country when I was young and also had serious economical / abuse issues coming from the guy she got together with (he would constantly abandon us without any money for food or anything, we moved there because they were supposed to marry and that ever happened. He also beat my mom in several occasions). My mom had to work in a table dance several times when they broke up, and we didn't have papers to live legally there because we were technically economical dependants of him but he didn't want to sign the paperwork for that. My mom has the best intentions with me but unfortunately she has always had mental problems, which as time passed worsened and made my childhood really harsh.

I specifically remember one instance where they fought, I was around 10 years old and my mom made me call him to tell him she cut her wrists, and she was holding a knife to her wrists to make me cry while on the call.
 
High school was sort of a better time, I became very independent from my mom, selling imported candies at school to make money for myself, made some amazing friends... And then I tried weed, which caused me my first panic attack, which developed into a panic disorder. 
 
I had a boyfriend  when I was 16 for 1 1/2 years (I'm gay), who I loved very much, and he did too, but he was a very heavy cheater, and the relationship got toxic in the sense that we were always fighting, making up, fighting again, we broke up like once a week and had extreme arguments where we screamed at each other on the streets or wherever we were.

Then when I was 19, my mom had finally broken up for real with the guy, and we had no options, she talked to our consulate and they helped us getting a flight back to our home country. I had 3 days notice for this.

Coming back was 1) a massive cultural shock, from a chaotic/underdeveloped country but with warm/friendly people to eastern Europe where everyone in general seems to hate life. I also didn't knew anyone.

I didn't got to go to university. I had to work in a call center doing regular nightshifts with a crazy schedule. Got a second episode of panic disorder. Got depressed.

I've had 3 relationships since returning. The 1st one when I just came back, that lasted 8 months where I was very neglectful (I don't even remember much of the relationship). I started to become much more antisocial, and I'm sort of weird now, it's difficult to maintain conversations with people. I had 2 other relationships afterwards, (6 and 4 months), and in both of them ended because they couldn't fall in love with me.

Now I have a very good job, I became a self taught software developer and I'm making 4x as much as I did 2 years ago, I am in the 5% top income for my country, but I am paying off debts I had from before which I irresponsibly took out. 

I have some friends here, but I don't really feel attached to them, even though some of them are attached to me. I try really hard to find a relationship (almost pathologically), and typically my mood is apathetic, it rises really high when I meet someone who I like and seems like they like me back, and then it gets crushingly low when it doesn't work out, and usually it doesn't, because I've become clingy, and have serious trust issues where whenever I'm not with a person in dating im sure they don't care about me / are with other guys, etc... I'm not bad looking and get many dates if I want to, but it's mostly just sex and I don't really yearn that, but I do it in the hopes of finding more :( 
 
I started getting panic attacks again, though now I haven't had one for a couple weeks. 
 
I'm just lost, and I find myself fantasizing about suicide often. Not yet in a serious way, more like in a romanticised way, but it's becoming more common and in afraid it will become real...

Sorry for the rant, im just feeling like everything is too much.

There's some hope too tough. My best friend has been there for 6 years in some capacity or another, but she is 11000KM away. In 2 months I'll finally be able to visit her, as my finances improve. But I'm also afraid of maybe not feeling the same after meeting her again? I don't know. I think it's my fault that I don't click with people, I don't know what's wrong with me, since i moved back here I can't connect with people and feel crushingly lonely even with company. I only really feel "happy" when I'm dating someone and that is kind of pathetic.

I've been to a psychologist, I had 3 sessions and I felt mildly better talking about things but it seems like a lot of bullshit to me.

I don't know what to do.