So my father’s birthday is coming up.Today, I was talking to a friend about how she woke up this morning.. well yesterday morning and all she could think about was how broken I’ve become in the past week. It started awful and progressively has gotten worse. I mentioned how I’ve planned to kill myself next Thursday July 19th because I have no reason to live.

We talked for an hour, and I had mentioned how things have gotten worse for me. How I act as if the world were to take me before the time I have chosen for myself then I’d be okay with that. With walking down a busy road on the 4th of July just hoping I’d fall down and somebody would run me over; to when my sister asked me when I was gonna get a job I told her “it doesn’t matter, It’s not like I’ll have the job for more then 10 days anyways” my usual response to that question is, I’d lose money that way because I wouldn’t get disability checks anymore, and I’d be making way less then what I get in a month.

Eventually she said that dying isn’t the answer, to which I quickly responded. “It might not be the answer, but it is ‘an answer.’” If I wasn’t in the place I currently am in life I would’ve said how, it is the right answer if I was in an accident; and another person with my blood type was also in the same accident and they only had enough blood to save one of us. That I would choose for the other person to get the blood. However I was far too depressed to say that at the time.

Eventually we started talking about how the only things I currently want is for closure, and to kill my self. So I will try to get said closure later on today. I thanked her for her words, as it is better to express my thankfulness then to say a half assed sorry because this desire to die is so deeply rooted into me now.

Later on, I had called my father as I haven’t spoken to him before the month had began. He asked me okay, but I hesitantly said “yes, I am.” Ashamed of having to hide this from the family member I care the most about. I believe he sensed that something was wrong because he kept asking me how I was doing and my yeahs quickly grew weaker and harder to muster. During the call he had told me, that his birthday is coming up this Wednesday, and he also spoke of him coming to pick me up so I can spend the summer with him; as well as teach me how to drive.

Now, later on in the day I was play fighting with my nephew. When it hit me, in a simple 10 days from now. We might never do this again. Later today, it might change every thing.. and I might pull through and want to live. This is my last chance though, and weary that it will actually work. Either way, if this doesn’t work out.. I’ll have July 19th coming up, as I’ve had this planned for over 2 months now.