Why can’t I just be content?I already feel uncomfortable writing this but I don’t know what to do anymore. I just need help. Probably. Sorry in advance for the thought dump. I feel like I have no right to feel as low and awful as I do. I think about ending it every single day. I am jealous when I hear of someone in my age range suddenly passing (late 20s to early 30s) and I wish in earnest that I could switch places with them. Because they should probably be here. I’m afraid to express this to anyone in my life because I know they would think I am just seeking attention. On the outside I have a great job (that I probably don’t deserve), live in a fun city (that I just moved to and Covid has totally isolated me), have a few wonderful friends (that I try to be there for but definitely neglect - they deserve better), a fantastic education (which I think I worked hard for? Should be proud of this but it feels empty). I haven’t had a particularly hard life, my family has mostly been around, I’ve been able to make friends and support people, I’ve had romantic relationships in the past. On the outside I’m pretty “normal”. I should be content. 

But I’ve always been miserable. Usually underlying - aggressive sinking deeper the past few years. I’ve never been good enough to deserve the life I’ve had. I’m a bad friend - I get very insular when I’m particularly depressive and I don’t respond to people for weeks. And then I panic because I haven’t replied and think they are made at me and I just never respond. And I have lost friends over this. I’ve been told I am a bad person because of this. I’ve hurt people because of this. The first person I finally confided in that I have depression and that it impacts me this way told me it was an excuse I was leaning on for being a bad friend and person. No romantic relationship has lasted. I’m single and alone. I walked away from my best chance, I wasn’t good enough for my second chance so he cheated and left me. I know I’m a disappointment to my parents, since I am now the age I am and single, no kids. My relationship with them is strained beyond belief because I seem “down” all the time. I feel so ungrateful for all of the opportunities I have been afforded but managed to continue to waste away. What have I amounted to? I’m taking up space for good people who deserve it.

When I look at it, I’m the common denominator. I just want to stop feeling so much pain. Just by existing, I hurt people. How fucked up is that? I don’t even need to do anything to cause people pain. I don’t try to hurt people, I like to think I try to do the right thing, but I constantly fail. I don’t know how much longer I can keep this up, no one can handle this kind of mental torture inflicted upon themselves day in and out. The only things keeping me from ending it right now are my younger sibling (I don’t want to fuck them up), my pet (I don’t want him to have to resort to eating me because he’s not getting taken care of before I’m found - he deserves better, majestic creature he is) and because I’m a wimp and afraid of pain. If there was a switch I could pull, I’d pull it.

Sorry again for rant. Being this raw is terrifying. To you who is reading this, I’m terrified of your judgement here. 

TL;DR - Life sucks and only death and taxes are inevitable