Suicide is painless.I don’t know if anyone on here would even realize those are song lyrics, but they are.  I’m mostly going to ramble, I’d highly suggest ignoring me.

My husband accidentally killed himself on 6 September 2017.  The term accidental suicide is a ‘funny’ one, but that’s what it was.  Before that, everything was great.  Suicide, for me, hasn’t been an option since I found out I was pregnant with my first daughter.  And I found that out two months after a very long hospital and ICU stay after my last attempt.   I wasn’t ready for a marriage, and sure as hell not a kid, two months after I almost died, but it’s what I got.  And suicide hadn’t been an option since.

Until now.  And then it’s still not.  My head is such a mess of a place, one minute I need to be here and take care of our kids and the next minute I need to be as far away from those girls so they have as good of life as possible.  Preferably dead.  But then I think about God (yes I’m spiritual, please don’t atheist at me and I won’t preach at you) and how if suicides really do go to hell then I can’t off myself on purpose and go be with my husband.  But then, what if it doesn’t matter it was an accident and then he’s in hell anyway.  I’d rather be down there with him, then again, it’s hell, so I doubt I’d be able to see him anyway.  So then I have to do the what dreams may come route, get lucky, die randomly and hopefully painlessly, and then go save him.  But I doubt it works like that either.

Everyone talks about the dreams they have about their lost love ones, or his mom talks good things happening in her life.  She said she was talking to him the other day about how she needed to mow her yard, but she was just too tired.  The next day someone from the church called and asked if they could come do it for her.  
I haven’t had any of that.  I haven’t had any dreams about you and I haven’t had any good that makes me feel like you care.  I’ve had nothing.  Why haven’t I had anything?  Why don’t I matter at al.

I totally realize I switched who I was talking to there, but I’m too lazy to go back and fix it all.  And so then I don’t think about death, because why kill my self being upset about a guy who didn’t care about taking care of me or our two kids.  

And then I think about how if I’m so awful I couldn’t save their dad that night, then they probably don’t need me either.  And they’d be better off.  

Thinking hurts.  I wish there was a way we could turn our brains off and relax and breathe.  I think there would be less death then. 