Every time i talk to my dad, and most times i talk to my mom, i want to die after.I've been off and on suicidal since my friend commited suicide about 6 1/2 months ago now. No job(long story) great friends, shitty family, and the only reason I'm here is my cat.

The last two weeks or so have been somewhat non-stop thoughts. No actual intent or plan but they're there. Yesterday I called up my doctor's office to get in same day as my anxiety has been skyrocketing, and on the way as I'm waiting to cross the street, I just get this urge to jump on front of a vehicle. My logical brain kicks in, I've been hit by a truck before, and while it hurt and did some damage, it didn't even actually break any bones. They're not going fast enough in any way. This happened about 3 times on my way to the office. (Yes I told my doctor) After I got there I set up a walk-home with my friend to stay safe.

Little later on, my dad (who I thought was gonna be my mom) comes to drop off some food and my new meds, and he says some really harsh things. Again. I got into my apartment before I lost it, which is considerable considering I'm on the 16th floor. I'm not actively planning anything, but going into the kitchen is... A little scary right now... I have some nice knives, and while that sounds like a horrible way to go, it still crosses my mind. Also a little concerned about taking a bath specifically.

I really don't know what to do. They both just make me feel like shit for not having a full time job (which was not my choice) and having any problems at all. My anxiety is through the roof to the point that I am barely sleeping so I can't really work, my depression is so bad, I'm barely eating, I have absolutely no motivation to get out of bed, let alone do anything else. I'm trying to get a business plan together to do what it is that I want to do, instead of worrying about yelling at my boss's rude customers or immediately bursting into tears. I've spent most of last night and today crying or sleeping. Idk... I need help... Waiting on a referral to our psych hospital now,but it's slow going.