I don't know what to do, I don't know who to talk to, I hate everything more every dayI'm sorry if this just seems like incoherent ramblings...

I think more about suicide or just getting up and leaving every day. I think I'm too much of a baby to actually go through with it but I spend a lot of time just imagining what it would be like.

I don't know how to talk to my boyfriend about my feelings. Every time I begin to have the courage to bring it up, he's able to talk me down into "it's just a phase", "our situation is just shitty right now...it'll get better", and I find myself agreeing with him but not feeling any better.

My best friend once told me she thinks "suicide is for cowards", and part of me agrees but part of me knows she could never know what this feels like, when food has no taste and nothing makes you happy. And now, I barely get to talk to her at all. Her boyfriend consumes every second of her life.

My mom would have a hysterical break down, and I don't want to do that to her. I love her very much and there's nothing she is able to do for me right now, so telling her what's on my mind would only cause unneeded stress.

I love my cats. I love video games and music and watching movies and drawing. But I don't love any of it as much any more. It's affecting my work (I'm trying, and failing, to be an artist) and my ability to be the happy me that everyone knows, the one that never stops smiling or never has a bad day. All I hear anymore is "are you ok?" "you seem irritated" "what's wrong?"

Everything is wrong. I'm in a hole and I'm too tired to dig myself out of it. I'm weak and I don't know how to be stronger. I want to choose a road and keep walking until I can't anymore. I'm bound to this world by the guilt I would feel for leaving people behind. But guilt doesn't do anything if you're dead.

I have a lot more in my life than others do...it's selfish of me to be thinking this way, but it's been a persistent scratch at the back of my head since I was younger, and my life was much darker. Suicide has not once left my mind for a good 6 years.

How can I persevere?