i’m taking my life 10/19/2022no need for sympathy or even concern for we are all individuals that is indifferent unless it is in our immediate surroundings. from constant surveillance to dialtheism, its an unsafe world for me. the fear of death is programmed in to our genes to preserve the generations of the species, but it conflicts against the amount of pain we have to defeat. how bold it is for buddhists to claim desire is suffering. desire was what pushed me forward. how bold it is for nihilists to claim existence as meaningless. i have met many so many loved ones on this planet that helped me daily even though my lack of social interpretation pushed them away and created distance. i’m aware and i actively fight against my introversion for it makes me happier. i’m in a perfect position in my life, but the anxiety of losing it all is terrifying. although my defense mechanisms consist of sublimation. i use my negative impulses to be the fuel i’m burning to keep me going. how close minded i am. the inability to accept that ethics are subjectivist and relative and judging the world with my evolutionary miracle of a developed cerebral hemisphere’s amygdala. little grid cells in your mind forcing awareness in an environment to manipulate the current situation in to your advantage. to be diagnosed with depression at such a young age. to want the world to listen to my views in egalitarianism; on how male sexual assault victims—where 30% of sexual assault victims are female perpetrators attacking male victims— are ignored and thrown away. perhaps even if my life here is great, not everyone must feel the same... the guilt i have may be the cause. but how cocky of me to see myself as the martyr for i am only hurting those close to me instead of sending a message. “suicide only affects 14/100,000 while depression affects 10%. perhaps we should fight for the wellbeing of lives while sacrificing the unsavable.” is america not utilitarian? why does america keep creating nee scapegoats to blame for their issues? are people unaware of the way the nation is? we always try to find the divide the people and identify the devil without realize the devil is divided in to us. to blame a demographic for and issue by seeing they commit more at a higher capita? insanity. does no one realize that’s the very thing that leads to persecution? my sense of justice is so powerful it’s pathetic. it’s even more pathetic i can’t do anything about it. i am afraid.  

people always identified nihilism as a reason for dread. i believe the miracle of life to begin where random distribution of hydrogen, helium, oxygen, and carbon lead to creation of a self sustaining, reproducing protein robots that eventually created the brain. the indifference of nature to create group of beings who criticized its indifference and changed it while ironically cutting down the trees and creating slaughter houses. life was unimaginably rare. the emergence of random particles to create life where each cells contains the same amount of information as a full movie and we have 40 trillion of them. is that not a reason enough to live? in the end a nonsensical miracle happens just like the milky way dreamed. to observe such beauty in a very specific region of the electromagnetic spectrum. to feel ecstasy in a form of dopamine, serotonin and oxytocin by hearing a certain set of vibrations. the chaotic elements of the world to give such delight should be a pleasure. to experience is to confirm the universe’s existence. we are created by the universe, indifferently, to confirm to itself that it exists. what an honorable job we were given. its an even more beautiful story than christianity that fundamentally criticizes aristocracy as a rebellion against consequentialist values. 

the reason for my suicide? apathy. its hard to explain why even with so much enthusiasm i have to look at life why i feel so indifferent about it. perhaps i became just like the trees the world is cutting down. to create humans so indifferently by process of bonding a larger cell that is the host with another cell to become mitochondria. its an exciting world, but it simply is not the world for me.

edit: i might not kms if i get accepted in to a good college. its actually looking pretty hopeful rn lol my life is great its just im painfully apathetic and i feel almost no remorse.