I don't see any way out.I started realizing that something was wrong with me when I was sixteen. I started to feel as if I were thinking through a fog. I would vacillate wildly between insomnia and sleeping 12-13 hours a day. I found myself believing that God thought of me a mistake, that I was dirty and was going to be punished. When my parents dropped me off at college after my graduation from high school, I remember telling them in a sudden moment of clarity that something was wrong with me, that I shouldn't be here. I did well my first two years, but by the end, my worried professors had caught the attention of the administration and I was placed on indefinite medical leave. 

I went home. Received erratic treatment thereafter. My family's religion didn't have a narrative for explaining mental illness, and they became convinced that my mental health issues were a product of sexual sin. Eventually, the therapist I was seeing--who my parents were comfortable with because she was of the same religion--told my parents that it would be best for everyone if I moved out before my mental health deteriorated further from the constant conflict and scrutiny. My parents set me up in my own apartment and gave me money to live on. 

...I was grateful, at the time. I knew that many adults with mental illness ended up on the streets. But years slipped by. I kept trying to get up the courage to kill myself so I didn't have to be a financial burden to my family anymore.

Then I started dating someone. My best friend moved in. They encouraged me to put my life back together. I started to believe for the first time that maybe I didn't have to die, that maybe I *could* put my life back together. I registered for courses. After many rejected applications, I landed a part time job. I got medicated. I started seeing a counselor. I still struggled. A lot. But I thought maybe I could have something like a life after all.

And now? I'm being sued for all of the support I received during those years. I never even knew that my family was having problems. The attorney is very aggressive and even seems to want to establish that I was criminally culpable somehow. The case is extremely complicated. I cannot afford the type of attorney it would take to defend me. I cannot afford an attorney at all. I barely make enough to keep myself afloat. I have little earning potential, and I will have even less if this case prevents me from making it through my last year of college. 

All I can see from here is a torturous legal case, a lifetime of crushing debt, years of schooling down the drain and me becoming an enormous financial burden to my partner. 

If they don't leave in the first place. 

I was so close. I was so close to having a life. 

I get it, God. Okay? I don't belong here. I never belonged here. This is happening because I didn't kill myself. I'm being punished for not killing myself even though I knew I was worthless.

I've got to die. I've got to die before I cause anyone else anymore trouble. 

But I love him so much. I can't seem to make myself let him go. 

I'm so tired. 
