I have a controlling mother who forced me to graduate from high school. I feel stuckI had a healthy relationship with my girlfriend until my mother felt jealous that she was getting all the attention. My mom then went on to try and ruin my relationship with her. Well it fucking worked because I haven't seen or talked to my gf in 3 months. My mom's sister was diagnosed with cancer and since then my mom has completely controlled my life even more than before.

My school suggested that I graduate early in my senior year, allowing me to tart university one semester early. My mom told my principal to go ahead without even asking my permission. So now I haven't met any of my friends from high school in months, my mom yells at me and is almost bipolar for every "mistake" I make. Even if I wanted to contact my old friends I'm too scared that my mom will find out. My dad is understanding. I happened to run into my old friend and instead of stick around and hover over my conversation with him, he told me to take my time and come to the car when I was ready.

My dad is great. He is always supportive. Was always supportive of my relationship and was even fond of my girlfriend. My mom even tried to feed him lies about her but I don't think he budged. I start university in January, but wont be 18 for another 7 months. Thinking about moving out at 18. But I feel stuck. 

I'm having physiological issues. Sleep doesn't come easy. I used to be a great writer but I can tell as I write this that my thoughts are all over the place. I don't even know if someone will be willing to read all of this. I can't even get a hard on sometimes, no matter how hard I try. My body feels frail. I started working out lately and it's somewhat helping. I don't feel true happiness unless I'm around my close cousin. He's pretty much the only "friend" I've got right now. He's just oblivious to my situation.

I'm even using incognito right now on my laptop in case my mom snoops. She's always been a snooper. In fact to this day, my mom gets all my emails forwarded into her inbox. 

I guess I just don't know how to bring it up with my dad. He's a great guy, and I was never really close to him, but in recent months that's changed. We're almost best buds.

I'm essentially stuck at home all day with nothing to do, one cousin to text when he's not at class, and every sports game to watch. The only social experience I have is playing cricket every Friday night with this certain group of guys. 

I'd appreciate any help I can get. Maybe I just needed to get all of this out. I dont know. thank you guys in advance.