Apple music ruined my phone library and it might be the final strawI suffer from depression. I have low self esteem because I am not physically attractive or financially stable. I may possibly have STD's and the RESULTS ARE TAKING SO FUCKING LONG TO COME IN! IT"S FUCKING KILLING ME!!!!!

One of the few things that made me happy was my music on my iphone.  I have a collection so large that I  can't even fit everything on my phone. I never had any problems with my phone until yesterday. I signed up for the Apple music free trial so I could hear Drake's new CD or playlist or whatever that shit was called. Not only was I not impressed with his new work, I had accidentally turned on icloud library. 

Why in the fuck did I do this? I tried to add new songs to my phone from my computer but I had to disable icloud library. After I did this over half of my library was deleted from my phone. Each and every album had songs missing from it. Some albums were just gone completely. Then the albums that were still left had their artwork replaced with incorrect artwork, or given wrong titles and artist information. It's just a mess. 

I tried to delete everything from my phone in itunes but when I did that everything was still on my phone, just greyed out. I tried to permanently delete the music from my phone but it keeps freezing. Outside of a hard reset I don't know what to do but I will lose all my photos and videos if I do that. 

I honestly don't see a solution. Honestly I have had other problems in my life. Like trying to be successful with nofap, only to find that those guys at r/nofap are fucking weirdos!!!! I seriously can't stand those guys! My life is great without porn and changed for the better, but those guys made my depression even worse!!! I've been feeling alone and cornered contemplating suicide and that board made it worse! 

Every time I go there all I see is motivational pictures that somehow don't motivate me. Instead they inspire feelings of fear, insecurity and failure! AndI hate that! I know I have a problem and admitting you have one is the first step! But those guys are so extreme! I wanted to quit porn but their approach just makes me even MORE DEPRESSED! 

Then I know for a fact apple can't help me. If I called them right now I would be on hold for hours. I wouldn't even get to a live person I would slit my throat from the frustration. Then to go to the apple store you need an appointment. When you make an appointment you don't even start on time. It's just the worst! I know if I went in for the appointment I wouldn't be able to handle myself. I tried to switch to android but it was harder to use than fucking apples shit! 

I hate smartphones so fucking much! They're just so ubiquitous yet if you don't have one the world will leave you behind!

My music is gone, I can't fix it, I feel hopeless and I really want to die. Nobody knows what I go through when this happens to me! I'm always alone and hopeless no matter how many people are around when my music is compromised.

It's the worst feeling in the world. I usually have to spend about 4 to 6 hours putting it all back together. But I can't even get started because the music won't even come off my fucking phone. 

This is just the worst. My music on my computer is fine...but 

FUCK IT!

FUCK IT! 

FUCK IT!

I HATE YOUALL 

FUCK YOU REDDIT!

THIS SHIT IS FRUSTRATING! WHY AM I TRYING TO EXPLAIN MYSELF WHEN IAM GOING TO KILL MSYREhgoqfw;fp '

FUCK YOU FUYCK YOUI  FUCK YOU FUCK YOU 

I'm tired of shit fucking up 

I'm tired of being broke

I'm tired of being isolatefd

I;'m tired of trying to be the world wants me to be

And then my music

my fucking eghioafs jmusic 

Holy shit! my god... I can't take this. I can take a lot of thing. I keep everything bottled inside.

But this is it...I can't take it anymore. I already know my phone is fucked as far as music is concerned. 

Signing up for Apple Music is the worst decision i ever fucking made. I miss my music and I can't even fix it. 

My name is Kymm White, I am a 25 year old black male whose validity as a black male is always quesitoned by other black people! 

WELL FUCK THEM TOO!

I AM OUT OF HERE!

FUCK !

wefipw'ghv rstre