not my first rodeo, just sick of the bullshit.I'm a 43 year old male with a history of reoccurring depression.
It is definitely connected to the seasons.  Every year at this time I begin to slip into suicidal thoughts.  I try to bolster myself by reminding myself that in a week the sun will begin it's return.  I can usually hunker down until January.   But this year things are different.  
   Whether or not I intended it, over this last 6 months I have been systematically letting go.  I have alienated close friends by starting arguments knowing full well I'm in the wrong, resorting to personal attacks and refusing to apologize.  I have failed to follow through on billing clients for work, and have not received any future contracts because of my unreliability.  My spouse of twenty years has adopted the traits of an abused partner,  my mood so dire that she HAS to disassociate in order to live with me. 
     I keep trying to tell myself that things will get better, that summer will come and my mood will fade.  But it will not disappear.  Each year it comes back and seems to be getting worse.  
     I tried getting back on meds a few years ago.  Everyone around me said I was doing much better, but I never expressed my rage or frustration to them.  I spent the entire time punching walls in secret.  I was actually frightened by the self harm.
    Thing is, I know men in their mid-40's hit a depressive slump.  I know that my diet and exercise effect my mood.  I know that the changing wavelength of the sunlight changes my outlook, but to what end?
     I can spend the next 8 months trying to pick up the pieces, reconcile with friends, build a new client base, even pretend for the wife, but come next October it will just start all over again.  I can only assume it will be worse next year.  and worse the year after that.  ad nauseum.
   I made a deal with myself at the age of 9 to keep going.  I would try to glean any joy I could from the horrors of living.  But 30 odd years later, I don't know if I can keep my promise to myself.  It seems as if I put more effort into life and get less out of it each day.
I'm exhausted and don't want to do it anymore. 
        At this point I'm waiting for a medical emergency so that others will at least have a justification why I killed myself.  Is a hang nail enough?