I'm not sure how much more disappointment I can take.I've been unemployed for just over six months and I am on my last week of benefits. I was fired from an abusive, confusing and stressful job that I ultimately hated, despite always putting in serious effort and insane hours. Since then, it has been difficult to find a job at my level, or even below my level due to my lack of a bachelor's degree and the fact that I was terminated from my previous position. 

My good name was tarnished at my previous job by one of my subordinates who manipulated several situations with my bosses to get me fired and gaslighted me the entire time we worked together. That person then took my position at the company. That person has since been fired for trying to do the same thing with other employees, but the damage has been done to me. 

A car that I am financing and paying a high amount for insurance is unreliable and has some sort of electrical issue I can't afford to even have evaluated, let alone fixed. My other vehicle is so old and rare that parts can't even be found for it anymore, so I'm just waiting for the day that it decides to call it quits on me.

I've been applying for lower-level receptionist positions in the same field, but still getting picked over. Mind you, I've hired people for these kinds of positions in this small town, and that's the most insulting part. I know the types of people that apply for these positions, most of them can't spell. I guess you could say that I feel like I'm better than this, and mostly better than the competition. I know that sounds elitist, entitled and unprofessional. I have never said anything like this out loud and would never admit to it outside a throwaway account. It's toxic and it's not how I present myself ever. That's just what the last few months have done to me.

My spouse is older than me and I went into this marriage several years ago with full knowledge of his health conditions. Unfortunately, things have taken several negative turns in the last few months and I'm currently trying to get him an appointment in the city, since there is no one here to adequately treat him. That's about 160mi round trip, which means gas I have to pay for and excessive wear on my vehicle. 

I very recently started applying for part time work at hotels (front desk, custodial, etc...) and can't get an interview until the beginning of next month, by which time I'll be broke.

My dad is pretty useless and ruined my mom's credit when I was a child. So building/protecting my credit has been paramount. I've still never missed any payments, but my score has dropped into the 500s since I have only been making minimum payments and allowed some balances to grow. My overall debt isn't that bad (\~$12,000), but it is suffocating me right now and I can't fathom going delinquent on anything. I have two cards that I'm late on already and I'm not sure how I'm gonna handle that. I don't want to be a loser. 

It seems really silly for me to care so much about my debt, but I've spent my life always doing the right thing. Everything just seems so unfair to me right now and if that isn't bad enough, my cynical, entitled thoughts are making it worse. 

I can start off in a good mood, but even the most minor of inconveniences and disappointments can send me into a downward spiral of hopelessness. I don't want to die, I guess. I just want to stop existing.