Hi, I already wrote a post here a couple of days ago and I think my condition’s only getting worseSorry, I’m not native, may have some mistakes in here. 

Well, I hurt myself, almost a month ago. I cut myself - not to die, I just felt worthless at that very moment and wanted badly to punish myself. Didn’t do it to draw attention to me. Don’t feel proud of it, either. On the contrary, I feel ashamed about it. 

And it happened so that my parents found me that out. And that made them very sad and angry and all at the same time. 

My parents love me and do a lot to me. They always try their best to support them, but, to be honest, most of the times they just make me feel worse. It’s not their fault. It’s just the fact there are some things they cannot yet understand. And i try not to talk with them about personal stuff, or about my problems, but this time wasn’t able to hide the scars. 

So my mom cried. And she kept on asking why do I do it to her. And that I should think about her and dad and how they would feel if I’m gone like that.  And they also said that I’m not the only one who has problems in our family, and next time I should think about it before I decide to do something like that again. My dad said that they need to take me back home. He said that the fact I now live alone in a different city influences me badly. He also considered that I do drugs, and this offended me, because I don’t.

And that’s it. With those words said I began feeling guilty. I’ve disappointed my parents again. I made them worry about me again. I made them sad again. I broke their hearts. They wanted to make sure their daughter will have a good life now, since she studies in a good university in a big city - and their daughter turns out to have suicidal thoughts and have really low self-esteem. I’ve let them down. Again. I’ve already lost count of all the times I’ve actually screwed their hopes up. 

And when I tried to say I need help, that I’m not fine, she said that I’m imagining it, that I am fine, i feel like this just because of the depressive music I listen to (this “depressive music” is actually something that still keeps me above the water, but who cares?) or communicate with “defective” people (one of my friends was suicidal, another one had drugs issues in the past, but both are now getting treatment and taking care of themselves) and that I don’t need to waste money on a doctor because I don’t have depression. 

I started feeling like that, really bad mentally,  2,5 years ago - back then I was deeply heart-broken and had no friends to talk to and was all alone. I should’ve taken action back then, but I didn’t, even though I was already planning to take my life but, fortunately (or unfortunately, haven’t decided yet) I was too scared to do it. 

It seemed to have become so much better itself when I have finally found people whom I can call friends, they made me happier. But now that demon is waking up in my head again and I’m coming back to self-hatred, self harm and feeling I don’t deserve it all. 

And with my parents not realizing it’s getting serious, I am such a mess right now. I don’t know what to do and how to show them I totally need some help here. I can’t afford treatment myself right now, and my parents care about money too much to spend them on something they believe doesn’t exist or can’t influence their child.