I might kill myself. I want help.Hello everyone. 
There's a lot going on in my life. 
This isn't the first time I've been suicidal. 
I attempted it back in 6th grade, when I was 11. 
I was going through some severe home problems, (I have an abusive sister.) And I went through extreme bullying. I began to cut because, I didn't want to cause more drama in the family by talking about my problems, and it felt like nobody was listening.I eventually got counseling for it and I stopped.
Fast forward to 2017, 8 years after I stopped cutting.
I'm a sophmore in college now and dealing with many issues.
Since 6th grade, I lost my only friend, she just kind of dropped me and spread nasty rumors about me. I don't know why she did so. I was sexually abused by a former boyfriend, which I did go to get help for, but the therapist was awful, and I nearly failed highschool.
In the past few years though, things seemed to be looking up. I got great friends, and a loving boyfriend. I was doing well in college, until about 2 months ago.
I started having flashbacks about my sexual abuse again, and I just feel like my boyfriend should leave me, even though I know he won't, because I won't put out. My friends are loving, but I just am not happy anymore around them. Not because of anything they did, but because I'm too depressed and I'm thinking about 20 different other things. 
One of my friends is in Georgia, and my boyfriend is in UCONN about 2 hours away. 
I just feel so alone. 
My family situation, although my sister isn't hurting me physically anymore, she's putting me under a great deal of stress.
I lost 3 friends to suicide, and even though they were long distance and it's not my fault, I still feel like I could of done something anyway.
My grades are slipping. I have a C + in two subjects and B's in others, and while you say, "oh thats not that bad," if I don't get at least B's in every class, I'm going to lose my 18,000 dollar scholarship, and put my parents into severe debt. I've been trying to get extra help, especially in math, but it doesn't seem to work.
I just got a 52 on a test, which I thought I had did well on. 
My parents, well, mainly my dad, seems to always be dissappointed in me, and telling me that I'm not trying hard enough, and while that used to be the case back in high school, it's not anymore. 
If I'm not at school, I'm doing homework. If I'm not doing that, I'm at my job, and if I'm not doing that I'm asleep.
I would look for counseling, but I don't have enough time for that. 
I try my hardest, but nothing ever feels good enough, and I relapsed for the first time in 8 years.
I just don't see the point in going on anymore. 
I just feel like nothing is going to get better.
