I'm tired.I fed the wrong wolf. I just want out from the cycle of self loathing.

People don't change. I've tried to change, or I guess I haven't wanted it _bad_ enough. It's a fucking curse being caught in the child/adult hybrid, the Dr Jekyll / Mr Hyde paradox. I want to be successful, I want the fucking white picket fence, I want it all. But I cannot be fucked. It's convenient, easy, safe to just barely scrape by on government benefits. Almost a decade of false starts and failed attempts leaves a person raw. I'm sick of hiding from the world because I don't feel up to par. I'm sick of being a selfish, indulgent asshole who bullies others. I just want out. I'll find an easy way too, because that's my modus operandi. Gotta take the easy way. Why get a job when you can play video games all day? Why complete a course when there's internet dragons to slay? At every single opportunity I've been given to better myself or be the bigger person, I've taken the easy way. Kept my mouth shut at people perpetuating physical/mental abuse around me. It's not my problem. They're weak. I'll just sit here and get fatter, loathing myself with each Big Mac I slide down my gullet.

I know some of this is unnecessary, but fuck it, in for a penny, in for a pound.

Shit's tiring, y'know? And I feel like I'm a poser or an imposter with depression. I don't lie in bed or sleep all day. I'm a fun-loving weird person who tries to make people laugh, even if it's at terrible jokes. But at my happiest, realization that I don't deserve it will fall upon me and happiness turns to ash in my mouth. Then again, it's not all doom and gloom. Shit, even now I'm typing this on a fantastical device that other sentient beings have access to in this pseudo-hivemind construct my species designed on this tiny spinning rock that's hurtling through this massive expanse.

I shouldn't complain. I have lived in the Age of Information. Where you can communicate freely and have access to a wealth of information that dwarves the great Library of Alexandria.

But fuck it, sentience is overrated. Monkey's getting heavy on my back.