15 and fucked upOk so first off, I have been diagnosed with anxiety. However, I have self diagnosed myself with depression. This is due to the fact that I have done research for years, almost everyone in my family has been diagnosed with it, and I have every symptom. So no, I'm not like "every teenager diagnosing themselves on Google" before anyone says it.

Ok now I'll get into it. I am severely depressed and it is getting worse. I know the difference between depressed and sad. I am depressed. Even my favorite things are completely unappealing. I generally love going out to eat and doing things with my family, but lately the thought of doing absolutely anything is just meaningless and useless to me. I'm also increasingly suicidal, which frightens me. I have cut myself before and literally didn't remember doing it until I saw scars. That was an often occurrence. What if I take a ton of pills, not even aware like I was with cutting, and that's it? I'm gone then and I wouldn't even remember what happened. I just see no point in life. Even when I'm rarely and truly happy, I'm still thinking about ending it all.

Due to my previous statements, I think I may need to be monitored in a mental facility until my mental health improves. However, I'm not sure how to go about that. Especially when my mother just thinks I'm sad, no matter how many times I explain it to her. I am starting therapy soon, so I'm hoping my therapist can explain how much help I need to my mother.

I am more messed up than anyone could imagine. As you can tell, my depression is a bit bad for a 15 year old girl. Now onto my anxiety. Anything can make me freak out. Just bumping into someone in a store, stuttering, or hearing someone laugh can make me have a panic attack. This is an extremely difficult disorder to deal with on my own.

I am just going to add this, I don't know if it means anything but it might. I pealed my entire toe nail off with my fingers just because I couldn't get it even. I knew it would hurt and bleed a shit ton, but I felt that if I did not remove it, somehow something bad would happen to me.

I don't really know why I'm posting this, if I'm being honest. I guess I have just never really gotten my true feelings out and felt I may go crazy/crazier if it was not released. I know no one can really help me besides therapists and pills. I guess this is really pointless, huh? I'm just telling my life story to strangers that cannot truly affect my life. At this point, I think I may be too far gone for any help.
Thank you for taking time out of your day to read my pathetic rant. I truly appreciate it.