I wish everyone else hated me as much as I doThen I'd feel less bad about killing myself. I've come so close to finally ending it many times, but there's always that tiny bit of doubt in my mind that says things might get better.

I know that's wrong though, and I need to find a way to squash out that thought, because I'm fucking sick of being alive. I can't look at myself in the mirror, just seeing my disgusting face makes me want to vomit. That'd probably do me some good though, I'm too stupid to control my eating and lose weight the normal way. I somehow managed to land a decent job that I fully expect to lose because my lazy ass can never be on time. And I desperately need this job to help pay for my husband's medication, which even through goodRX is $300-$450 a month, and I need it to get away from my toxic as shit family. 

I fuck up anything and everything I ever touch. My school grades are abysmal, getting a fucking 2.85 while only taking 3 classes. I could have gotten a 3.0 or higher if I'd just turned in my assignments on time (or at all), but nope. Too stupid and lazy for that. I can't even kill myself right. Last time I tried I didn't need stiches or a blood transfusion (tried to slit my wrists). I know better about how and where to cut now though, so maybe I'll be able to do something right in my life for once. Been practicing cutting deeper too, haven't hit fat yet, but I'm working up my pain tolerance.

Just fucking existing is painful to me. Every minute that I breath reminds me that I should be dead, that I should have pulled the god damn trigger when I had the chance. I hate myself so much. I'm a complete and utter failure. I don't understand why the few friends that I have, or anyone else in my life,  put up with me. I have nothing useful to give them. I'm not funny, I have no advice to give,  I can't help any of them with their own problems. I have absolutely no worth as a human being whatsoever.

I feel like it's really only a matter of time before I just say fuck it and try and slit my wrists again. I was really close to doing it today, but lost the nerve.  Or better yet, wait till my first paycheck or two comes in so I can leave my husband with something. And hell, at that point I'd have enough money to go buy a cheap gun. I know a store nearby that sells pistols for around $325, so at least I won't be wasting too much money on my death.

Fuck it, I'm going to give myself until Tuesday morning of this week to try and just do SOMETHING right. If I can't, and I know I can't, I'll kill myself then. I'd do it monday morning, but I have a cast on one arm and it blocks access to my wrist.  

I could keep rambling about how much of a shitty person I am, but I'll cut it short here. Sorry for taking up space in your feed.