I've never been this close.I already posted this on /r/offmychest and I know it's shitty to post across multiple subs...but I could use some motivation to stay on this rotten earth.    

This is the post: https://pay.reddit.com/r/offmychest/comments/37dqch/i_dont_know_what_to_do/    
    
    
    
I can't go much into detail because of my own safety...    
Let's just say I have this friend named Frank. Frank and I have a history in illegal activities we did together.    
We ultimately got caught, I was free to go while Frank was brought to court and whatnot. He is now on probation and had to pay the fees. After months of silence, Frank calls me up and wants to me meet me. During the meeting we discussed the fees and fines he had to pay for the lawsuit and that he wants a stupid high amount of money from me. Think for yourself about what happens if I do not pay up.    
The police isn't going to do much, my country's witness protection is utterly worthless. Besides, I can't really go to the police anyway. And even if he did get locked up, he's still got friends.    
So now I'm sitting here and drinking for the third day, trying to think of something to keep going. Selling everything I have and emptying my bank account might give me around ten grand. I could leave the country, but I won't get a fucking visa for longer than a year. Do I just kill myself? I don't see any difference in leaving or killing myself. I'm losing everyone I love anyway and I won't even be able to say goodbye.    Well, the only person that matters to me is my mother. I always made sure not to have any close friends or relationships, because I knew it was going to end like this.    

If I decide to leave the country, how am I supposed to get a job? I'll just end up homeless anyway.    
Where the fuck do I go from here. What I am supposed to do...    
I am wide aware that this is all my very own fault. I have never been proud of this. It's crazy what money makes people do.    
TL;DR for the teens and youngsters: stay in school, listen to your parents, dont do criminal stuff, dont do drugs.