I can barely even write thisSorry this is so long - just skim and you'll get the idea. 

Things have gotten so painful I don't even know how to have the energy to write this. 

Basically, I feel like my life is a joke. 

I had a traumatic/abusive childhood. I watched my mom abuse my dad my whole childhood. I watched him go blind (not related to the abuse). My parents were, of course, abusive to me. 

After being guilted to letting my mom homeschool me in 6th grade, I returned to public school having plucked off half of my right eyebrow (thanks OCD/related problems). The kids made fun of me and said I was ugly. I was ugly, though. 

Now I'm 26, and have my full eyebrow, but I still feel hideous.  I used to be able to wear contacts. They made me feel more confident. Then I got dry eye syndrome at 19. No more contacts. I'm petite so glasses look like shit on my face. 


I've been in a relationship for several years with a guy who I love, but I do not feel he loves me.  He says he does, and I want to believe him, but I'm becoming more aware of the dynamics that have existed between us and still do, and feel confused. I have definitely contributed to the problem with my neediness and anxious attachment style, but I feel our dynamics brought out the absolute worst of my trauma issues. I have been in 3 long-term relationships. None of them were perfect, but I never lost my shit nearly as much as I have In these past several years.  

At first things seemed like there was no way it could go wrong. It ended up that we had opposite attachment styles. As soon as I was fully in his life, he started distancing himself. I cried because I wanted to hang out, and he ignored me for his computer. He started being easily irritated. Even if I tried my best to not irritate him, he'd get irritated at me and kinda talk down to me. 

I had problems having sex. It hurt and I have pelvic floor dysfunction. I had sex with him, and started getting UTIs. Thanks to my many childhood traumas (Complex PTSD), I just crumbled under the pressure of my chronic UTIs and my partners anger. I basically begged him to love me and be there for me. He was always so upset at me for wanting his support. I stupidly kept begging him to skype with me (we were long distance part of the time), talk with me, etc. He distanced himself further. 

More sex, more UTIs. Long story short, it turned into Interstitial Cystitis. This was in 2014. I still have this condition to this day. It feels like a UTI that never goes away. I had to stop working because the pain was too severe.  I used the opportunity to focus on healing my trauma, and sought psychotherapy. I also did a year of DBT and have read enough self help book content to write one of my own. All of this while mostly long distance. I wanted to Skype with him and talk, but when we Skype he usually just browsed the internet and ignored me. If I tried to talk to him or ask why we couldn't talk, it'd just turn into an argument about me being bad in some way. I'd walk away feeling hurt, lonely, ashamed, and confused. 

I moved in with him. He was angry at me for not cleaning enough and unpacking the boxes within 2 weeks of me moving in with him. I was emotionally and physically exhausted from the move. I legitimately had to lay down and felt so much pain. He pointed his finger and angrily told me I am just "not doing anything" while he works so hard at his job. I tried to explain I am really trying my best, and am sick and still learning how to do things. 

Before I moved here, I had been living with my parents. During trauma therapy, my CPTSD and physical pain got so bad that I was hiding out in my room most of the time. I tried my best to take care of myself, going to psychotherapy, pelvic floor therapy, numerous doctor appointments, taking supplements, trying meds...

I was trying so hard, and reaching out to talk to my partner as he angrily pushed me away. I was definitely out of line sometimes, expecting too much from him. I behaved like a terrified child, begging her father to love her and spend time with her. But the premise upon which we started this relationship was that he would take care of me and I would do whatever he said (yes, I now realize that is unhealthy). He even said I was his "little girl." 

How we got from there to me so sick, and him so relentlessly disappointed and distant, I don't fully understand. 

This condition took everything from me. With IC, I can't have sex without severe pain. I can't eat tomatoes, most fruits, anything with vinegar/soy, no alcohol or coffee...and I can't have cheese and am supposed to not eat chocolate (I eat it anyway because fuck that -- that'd be the last straw). I can't do some workouts because of it -- fitness used to be so helpful for me. 

Before I moved in with him, I was stuck in my room for hours at a time, except to go to the bathroom, for fear of encountering my parents. By the time I moved here, I was in a state of perpetual panic. My doctor had mercy and gave me a steady supply of anti-anxiety meds to get me through the last month or so for the panic attacks. At one point I called 911, thinking I was having a heart attack. 

So when I moved in with him, I needed time to adjust to my new environment. I needed time to learn how to live again - while still in horrible bladder pain and suffering CPTSD. 

When he'd criticize me for the cleaning, after first trying to calmly discuss it with him... going so far as to write out a whole thing explaining myself and asking for his patience and support... when he criticized me, I collapsed like an abandoned child and cried my eyes out.  It hurt so much to hear, "YOU ARENT DOING ANYTHING!" after explaining calmly to him that I do care, and want to try my best...

It's not like he sat down with me and calmly laid out expectations. He just got angry and shamed me when I didn't meet them. 

Many months went by and I became so low that I was just stuck on the couch staring at the wall much of the time. I think, subconsciously, I was afraid if I did clean more and work through my pain/fatigue, I wouldn't be able to handle the shaming. If I didn't do as much as I possibly could, cleaning-wise, at least his shaming words would be accurate. 

Don't get me wrong, I kept trying. I took all our laundry down 16 floors and back up with a cart. I tried my best to eat in to save money (failed at that of course). I kept going to therapy and worked hard to find all new doctors in my new location. I kept fighting to learn mindfulness meditation and self-compassion...hoping that if I could learn to just love myself, I wouldn't need love from him. That way, he could stop being so bothered by me wanting to cuddle and spend more time with him than he wants to spend with. 

"You don't know what it's like to have a job!" "Time goes faster for me than it does for you!" "You're letting your anxiety win. If you would just listen to me it would solve your problem."

I've worked hard to become aware, and accepting of, present-day reality. It's still a struggle. It feels so surreal. This man, who said "I am gonna love you so much" -- I now feel like he regrets meeting me. 

The vibes I get from him are so strange now.  Sometimes he can hug me and it seems like he's trying to show me he cares. He knows I'm very down about all this and have been trying hard to save the relationship and be upfront and tell him about how we have hurt each other...

But the vibes are so strange. He often feels so cold and distant. I used to internalize this and feel ashamed, like I must not deserve love and fondness and affection.  I know I cannot read his mind, but it feels like he feels he is better than me and is unfortunate to have me around. 

His brother killed himself. He knows I'm extreme down and has known this for years. Yet it feels like he doesn't really care if I kill myself. He said he does, but it doesnt feel that way. 


I feel as hideous as I did in 8th grade when this one asshole kid kept telling me I'm ugly and putting me down all year - the same kid who also sexually assaulted me (not rape just a small thing), saying, "Oh my god, I love you so much."

The vibes here feel similar. He says he loves me, and cares about me... but if we go out together, he barely even touches me or talks to me. Even at home he feels so distant so much of the time. We can sit and watch a tv show and feel almost normal though, sometimes.  

Guys, don't tell me to leave. I'm still sick. I have 3 years of school, $19,000 in student loans, a chronic bladder pain condition that hurts like a bitch 24/7, and no - I mean absolutely NO - friends or family. I cannot move back in with my parents. 

I wish I could go back to school, but I have this pain and these loans. I need to get a job first, and I can barely stand to wash the dishes or brush my teeth. How am I supposed to work?

I've pushed for the dynamics to change in my relationship and he seems somewhat receptive. Some of the shaming has stopped. The weekends are hard but I'm trying to use them as an opportunity to tell him, "its not okay when you talk to me like this."

I've looked up emotionally abusive relationships and it seeems to fit in some ways. But when I tell him ways he has hurt me, sometimes he is receptive. And sometimes he gets angry and says it's for some reason. He said, "you've behaved more fucked up than me. I refuse to believe you've just been some sort of victim."  He has apologized for some things - saying he understands that in the beginning he said he would care for my happiness, but then my needs didn't matter enough. 

Within the first month of us being together, he got mad at me for buying a tube of mac foundation.  He stormed out with me, acting cold and angry. I had to ask like 5 times "what's wrong, please just tell me" before he scolded me for "just wasting money like that."  This is before we were living together and we hadn't even talked about money at that point, and it was not his money that I spent. 

He has hung up on me so many times when I was crying my eyes out. Now that I live here, he has fallen asleep many nights while I'm crying my eyes out. 

And guys, I am ugly. I try my best, do my hair/makeup, try to keep relatively fit whilst being in nonstop pain... try to go to therapy, try to be mindful and compassionate and learn about relationships... I am so lonely and so desperate and feeling so trapped and hopeless I do not know how or why to go on. 

I still feel so fucking confused about this relationship. There has been this theme for years, that until I _____, he cannot treat me the way I want to be treated. It used to make sense when I was "harassing" him and wanting him to pay attention to me. But now I'm actually getting a little better at the cleaning and not even bothering him yet he still feels so distant and I am feeling so ugly. 

Am I really so hideous I stand no chance at having a career, or do people treat me differently because I give off insecure, "easily victimized" vibes?

And for the sake of honesty, we used to be a dominant/submissive couple. He said he would care for my happiness in exchange for me being a sort of servant for him. I just thought it'd be sexy and an alternative, fun way to do a relationship.  He seemed so in love with me in the beginning. :(
