19 is the endI have had a particularly rough last couple of years and I just want to call it quits. My mother who I live with has been an absolute monster even from my earliest memories. My dad is much worse, although it did work out in my favor that they separated when I was a year old. I am an only child so I have always craved companionship, because I so desperately did not want to feel alone. I didn’t make my first friend until I was 8, and she ended up moving a year or two later and I was back to square one. Fast forward a couple of years to when I was in middle school. I had been bullied the entire time throughout my entire school career. I was sexually assaulted when I was in 6th grade, and that was just shoved under the rug as per usual. When I was in middle school I began dating, and it has been a constant string of abusive people up to today. I was even raped, cheated on and beat up but my ex when I was 16. Today, and since December 2017, I have been in a relationship with someone who is emotionally abusive. I find it especially hard to leave emotionally abusive relationships since it’s not something physical. I tend to rationalize it, thinking that it’s all in my head, that I deserve this. Certainly everyone else up until this point has thought so. I get gaslighted daily, have been accused of cheating (why would I cheat on someone when I’ve been cheated on in the past?), berated and called names, punished when I don’t reply in a quick enough time frame (usually 10+ minutes), punished with not being able to see them and blatant emotional/mental abuse, pretty much everything besides physical abuse to make me feel completely insane. My college career is stressing me out to a point where I have a constant knot in both my stomach and my chest, on top of anxiety from being afraid of my boyfriend, as well as living in a toxic environment with my mom. 

I am utterly and completely miserable. All I have done to do is research the best methods of committing suicide: household cleaners, hanging, jumping from a height, drowning, buying a handgun from a gun show, I’ve thought of so many options. I guess I’m confessing all of this here so that I can get it out without people in my life knowing. My boyfriend has been a monster the last couple of days and I’m terrified of them, my mother is always drilling about school, I’m in pain 24/7 from a surgery that was supposed to make me feel better almost 2 years ago, I have no friends because I have been isolated so harshly. This is the end for me, 19 years and just over 3 months. I can’t handle the pain anymore and I’ve made my decision.