I need helpMy friend is in a terrible spot right now and I don't know how i can give her the hope she needs to carry on living.

To start i need to say that she lives in Bangladesh and i live in England. We met on a forum website somewhere and hit it off. We spoke more and more each day over Skype and any other way we could keep in touch. Over the last two years she has turned into a huge part of my life. It is important to point out that her mother is very wealthy and can easily afford to send her anywhere in the world to study and possibly never have to work again.

She has been emotionally abused by her family for years, she wasn't always abused it started around the time she was hitting puberty and she was acting out and rebelling a bit as teenagers often do. When she was 16 she was pulled out of school and promised she would be attending one of the best 6th form schools in England. This never happened and she had to teach herself A level material. She was isolated from her friends, she has no one living close to her who can help her out of this situation she is completely alone besides me and a few other close friends who have no idea what is going on because she doesn't talk to them as much as she would like because they are all in different parts of the globe.

Fast forward to now she has to take her exams and because she hasn't had any help with preparation or advice on how to sit for exams she messes up her first exam running out of time. She then got in contact with a literature professor to get some advice on her writing. The professor tells her she isn't writing the way she should be to get the marks she needs and she has no time now teach her before her exams and suggests she doesn't take the exams now and tries again in a few months. For this she needs her mothers support to pay for her to sit for the exams in a few months and find her some help with tutoring. Her mother straight up says no she will not help she does not care and not in the exact words but she hates her and only cares about how she is making her look. She does not care if she kills herself and she thinks anytime she comes to her like this asking for help or in tears she is putting on an act and she's a terrible person who doesn't care about anybody. This is the furthest thing from the truth you could get, she is the most kind and caring person anyone will ever meet.

Before she tried teaching herself she had an agreement with mother that should this not workout she will do what her mother thinks is best and lose all her freedom, no phone, no computer, no internet. I don't know the exact details but that is basically it. 

So now it has gotten to this stage and she is suffocating, the only thing that was keeping her going before was the hope of getting out of there moving to England being with me and starting a new life. She can't see any other way out the only thing stopping her at the moment is knowing i will find her mother and i will stir up so much shit and probably do something stupid that gets me locked up in a Bangladesh prison for a while. 

Please i need help to show her there is still hope. 

