Trying hardHello i'm a 23 years old man.
last year i dropped out of college because i couldn't find a drive to go.

I kind of lost any motivation at all as i grew up, this started somewhere arround 6-7 years ago, when one day, late at night, after the usual school bullying i just wondered why am i alive?

Since then i've been trying really hard to make up motivations to go on, i most likely have diabetes and i'm extremely likely to develop Pancreatic cancer, my grandad and 2 of his sibilings died because of this cancer.

Since i was little life was hard on me. i have Psoriasis (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Psoriasis) and Rosasea (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rosacea). My skin is a complete disaster and so i lost interest on personal apearance and dates at a very early age, i've accepted that i should not have children, i don't wish to impart these genetic problems on another generation of kids.

like most antisocial teenagers i escaped to videogames, where my skin and health problems barely matter, this has kept me going so far, my online friends and the communities i participate in have prevented me from ending my life, that and the crippling fear i have for the void that death could represent, the uncertainty.

As i said before, Videogames have kept me going so far but... how long? how long until i'm no longer able to play at a competitive level? i've noticed my performance degrading as years go by this will only get worse as my reflexes slow and the Diabetes i'm likely to develop fucks with my ability to be good... to feel good

so right now i'm at a crossroads, i've trying extremely hard to correct my life but my willpower wavers why should i go on? why should i carry this failing body trough 10 more years?

I'm scared, scared of what desesperate me will do 2 years from now, when he finds himself no longer being able to play...

a dear friend of mine told me to write this out... somewhere, i'm at the verge of tears right now sorry if this is too long or there are too many grammar mistakes, english is not my first language