Lonesome and heartsickI don’t know if this is the right sub for this, as I’m not really on the verge of committing suicide. However it is a thought that is heavily interwoven with my current and to be honest, regular mood/feeling/mental state. I don’t even really know what the goal of this post is to be honest, I guess Im just drunk and want to talk about it a little. Or maybe I’m just journaling. Feel free to skip this post. 

Anyway, basically the jist of it is I’m just really depressed mainly because I’m really lonely and heartsick. There was a girl, and of course that’s a big part of it, but right now at least I’m just heartsick over like.... many different girls. Some I don’t even know that well. Some I haven’t seen for years until Facebook, some I work with, some are just the memories of the past, etc. 

I’m not gonna pretend sexual attraction isn’t a big part of it. In fact, I honestly can’t tell if I’m just lusting after these women I find attractive. But I know it’s not just that. I’m a disgustingly cringeworthy romantic at heart. To the point where it’s like, “Dude, you’ve gotta quit fantasizing about living happily ever after with every girl you click with and are attracted to.” It makes me really sad, and leads me to do things like make this post, among other things. Not to mention it’s really weird and creepy I’m told. 

I feel like I was tricked by Disney and the like when I was a little boy. It’s something I’ve not yet been able to conquer. True young love between two soulmates who were destined to be together from the start of their lives doesn’t exist. The girl next door isn’t a real thing. Childhood, even high school sweethearts are fiction. Or I wasn’t allowed in the club, at least. 

Killing myself seems to be the main thought I get contentment out of anymore.  It’s not just the heartsick.. the very real fact that I’m a textbook loser at the age of 28, who fucked his life up, with no real thing going for me, is a big part of it; but to be honest I think I could learn to live with that as long as I had her at my side. 

At the risk of sounding dramatic and arrogant, I’ve frequently made comparisons between living with this constant void as similar to living with chronic pain. Which i guess in a sense, it is. But I ask you, if you had legitimate trouble getting to sleep at night and instantly felt awful when waking up in the morning, and throughout the day, because of this constant nagging, nauseating pain that never really goes away, only alternates between less and more worse, would you perhaps consider taking your own life at some point to end the pain? 

I don’t want to pretend to know what it’s like to live with a debilitating disease that causes you chronic pain, but I’m also being honest with you when I say that that is the best analogy that I can come up with for how I feel. It’s constant. It never leaves me alone, forget about feeling actually good. 

I feel like my life force has been sucked out of my body and mind. I got home from work tonight and just sat in this chair and thought about all of this and none of it, feeling like a shell of a person. Staring off blankly. Eyes frequently welling up. The only tangible feeling that comes through seems to be that sinking-in-your-chest feeling when I think about girls, mainly her. I don’t even feel anything when I think about being a failure, except maybe a dull anger. 

I’m sorry for the rambling, don’t anyone feel the need to reply to or even read this. I could say much, much more, but honestly I think this has maybe served a purpose. Cause now I don’t feel like talking about it anymore. 

Maybe not. Now I’m just thinking mainly about her; the girl I’ve been in deep love with for over a year who gave me the axe back in March, if not before then. 

Damn. I really wish this 9mm was an option.