I want to finally share my story before i go, i want to use my voice before its gone.Hey there,  
My name is anonymous, i am 22 years of age and i am ending my life.  
Wow, yeah, i know attention seeking right?   
Wrong.  
I have never shared my story, and i want to now while im still here,, while i have time, maybe somebody needs to hear this so they decide to get help while they are able, as i am relieved to say i will no longer be treading through the dark, treacherous forests.  
I will add a TW, for substance abuse, sexual and physical abuse, and countless acts of self destruction.   
I have never fallen from grace, i have always exploded. I will also add that i am having difficulty spelling so please forgive me. I just dont want to be the only one who knows anymore.

I dont want to bore you, so i wont share every tiny thing but i would like to share experaicnes i had that ultimelty led me to this decision. PLEASE get help before it gets this bad. please...  


I had an interesting childhood, punishments that didn't make sense to me ( grabbing my ankles and being hit as hard  they could hit me until i fell over, which if i fell over, the timer they had set would restart, mind you i never knew how many minutes of being hit i had) or not allowing me to shower without being looked at or withholding food or forcing me to exercise, threatening to beat me to a bloody pulp, sending me to my uncles where he would repeatdly rape me, just stuff like that. By the time i was in 8th grade i was engaged to my abuser, which my mother would send me to stay with him often and i would end up getting raped and beaten from my abuser adn his father. i have had 2 traumatic brain injuries in the past 4 months from him. fun fact.   


I have always tried pleasing everybody, my dad was an alcoholic and i have nevr seen him sober, my mom was just abusive as fuck and broke my heart before anybody else was able too, i had an aunt whom i loved with my whole heart, she meant the entire world to me, she made me laugh and she made me feel loved, she really cared about me despite how horrible of a person i felt i was, even as a weee child. She was my world, truly. Her smile made me feel joy, her voice was the most calming melody i have ever heard. She was a true gemtstone. I cant wait to see her. She committed suicide when i was 11, i have never been the same. All i can thinka bout is how crueld and painful this world is, how much it takes out of me to keep breathing. All i can think about is how beautiful it would be to be with her again. To see her face and be wrapped in her arms. To hear her again. She was my mom, nd i cant tell you a time where i needed a mom, more then now.  


I had my first suicide attempt when i was in 7th grade, I slashed my wrists and took the ativan my doctor gave me for my PTSD, i grabbed a few bottles of alcohol from teh fridge,w ent to my room, and dissappeared. Thats was the first time i realized why my dad couldnt love me, why my mom never cared about me, why my aunt ddecided to leave. I understood. I ended up going inpatient, with the child proective services involved because i have severe bite wounds on my thighs, froim my abuser, and my mom sending me to his house. They failed me, as i was sent back to live with my parents despite it all. things got so much worse. so much fucking worse. I went from taking 10mg of ativan to whole bottles of aleve, to shooting heroin and drinking myself into black outs every night, buying benzos or opiates, finding ways to escape, overdosing every other weekend because life is fucking msierable. i am MISERABLE. i have nothing left these days. My abuser is still in my life,  im on my 2nd trumatic brain injury this year, im an addict, im an alcoholic, i have CPTSD that leads me into having trauma responses so often i cant leave my house, i have no friends, i have no family, i have abosloutly nothing. im falling the fuck apart. i havce been since i can remember/. Its coming up to the year mark on me losing my baby, as i had a miscarriage from ym abuser and that was the only thing i had ever dreamed of, was being a mom and hoping to love a child the way i wasnt loved. I feel completely broken. i have nothing here for me, i have no purpose, i have no reason to stay here when i am in so much pain, i could be at home with my aunt where i feel safe and secure again.  


Basically, its too late for me, i have been severely mentally ill since i was a pre-teen, and i did not get help, i ended up killing myself. i ended up not having a family and haveing no chancwes of things ever getting better. my choice was to be free from this pain, because it is too much for me to carry. i cannot physically hold it anymore. please dont get to this place, reache out to a lvoed one, a friend, the crisis center, scream at the top\[ of your lungs for help, if you are a adolescent, PLEASE GET HELP NOW, please just fucking get help right now before you are overdosing on a shit load of meds that arent even prescribed to you. dont maek your mother lose her child, your friends will miss you and the whole in their heart will be filled with vodka, dont let it get this fucking bad, dont let it get so fuckign bad that your suicide note has to be on fucking reddit because you have nobody else.  


Do.Not.Let.It.Get.This.Bad  


im fadding off, this is hard, but not as hard as it life has always been.

Euphoria is here.  


i am calm.