I just want to die alreadyEvery single time I wake up in the morning I wish I could just go back to sleep and never wake up.  This has been the worst year of my life.  Every new years I think that this next year cant be any worse and then it is.  The day after christmas I tried to overdose by taking a large amount of aceytal fentanyl etizolam and alcohol.  Nothing happened, I woke up and kept going like nothing happened.  I wish I had succeded knowing now what kind of hell I would go through after that.  I had an allergic reaction to a medication and had to go to the er.  I nearly had a seizure, uncontrollable muscle movements and even bit a whole threw my lower lip.  While I was at the hospital and partially sedated they asked me a bunch of questions and for some stupid fucked up reason I admitted I was depressed and had tried to kill my self back in december.  The dr told my parents and they freaked out.  They had no idea that I had been using opiates for the past few months and tried to have an intervention and send me to rehab.  I said I would consider it but because it was something that I had just tried recently I felt that I had no reason to.  Well my parents called the suicide hotline or whatever and told them that I had said I was going to kill myself, which I didn't.  Police and an ambulance came to the house.  I told them the truth, yes I had tried back in december but I am doing better and have no intention of hurting myself or anyone else.  They said that I had to go to the hospital for an evaluation.  I told them there was no need, the said I could either go on my own free will or the could force me.  So I went, and told the dr's what I just said.  They said that my mom had told them that I said I was going to kill myself and that I would have to be put on a hold.  So I got escorted accross the street to a psych ward, something that I still have a hard time blocking out.  I had to stay there for 5 days with a bunch of crazy people until my hold was up.  After that my opiate use increased drastically.  I decided to enroll in an intensive outpatient program and stop using.  I didn't want to go through withdrawel so I decided to titrate my dose down myself.  A couple days after I completed the program my parents cam to my apt, a condo that they own but I paid rent.  It was super early and I was fast asleep.  I woke up when I heard the knocking and immediatly freaked out, I had left all my stuff out on a large glass plate.  I rushed to hide it in my spot and as I did so I tripped and shattered the glass and hit my head knocking me unconscious.  I woke up in the hospital and my parents were furious.  The said that they were going to press charges and I would get a felony for possesion unless I agreed to go to rehab.  I had no choice and agreed.  My mom told the dr the same story as last time about me killing myself and I got put in another psych ward for 4 more days.  WHile there I went through terrible withdrawel puking nonestop and not sleeping a wink for the 4 days I was there.  I get to rehab and im only supposed to be there for 30 days.  Well my parents make me stay there for nearly 90.  I forgot to mention that the reason I am so whipped by my parents is because they are holding a $50,000 inheritance over my head.  They keep promising it to me once I complete one thing but then its another and then another.  Unfortunately Im flat broke, $36,000 in student loans and nearly $10,000 in credit card debt.  I had to quit my job earlier last year because my girlfriend broke up with me and my dog was hit and killed by a car.  I didn't trust myself where I was working with a ton of controlled substances so I quit...  Anyways I just got out of rehab last week and of course Im not getting my inhertance.  I have to do an intensive outpatient program and live in a sober house for 90 days.  And you know what, I don't even want to be sober anymore.  I dont even care.  All this shit that I just wrote is shit that has happened this year and Im not even going to get into what happened in the past.  I feel like im the guy from office space.  Every single day is worst then the last.  This day feels like the worst day of my life.  I have tried everysingle antidepressant there is and they have just made thing worse, I lost my girlfriend for that very reason due to the sexual side effects.  I just dont think I can keep trudging on.  We just had to take drug tests and the house manager tested for weed benzos and amphetamines and another guy tested for opiates and they get to stay.  Meanwhile I get screamed at for forgetting to put the seat down.  The house rules say that I have to be up by 8am and I really dont do well in the mornings so everyday I wake up drive down the streat and sleep in my car.  Speaking of my car, I stupidly let one of my house mates borrow it to pick up his prescription and he hasn't come back with it,  and wont answer his phone.  Curfew was an hour ago...  Thats my problem, I get taken advatage of because I trust people.  People say Im gullible and I guess I am, I just always tried to believe that everyone has some good in them, that there are still good people in the world.  And then I read the news and all the horrible shit that it going on.  I wish it was me, none of those people deserved to die.  Fuck I don't even know where I am going with this.  I just bought more opiates online just incase.  Who knows ill probably just fuck that up again too I don't want to jump of a bridge or slit my wrists.  I just want to go to sleep and never wake up