Daily suicidal thoughts with a good life.I have a good paying job, a beautiful, loving girlfriend, and a ton of in depth suicidal thoughts.

I don't understand how this came to be. I have seriously had random suicidal thoughts since I was like... 8? I don't know. I was very young. It's like everyone else's lives matter to me, but my own life isn't significant. The only thing that has held me from being done with everything is that I'm compassionate. I don't want anyone to hurt, even if I'm not there to experience it.

In the past few years I made some less than ideal decisions with relationships and what-not. Things I never thought I'd do. Cheating on someone is pretty common in today's day, but to me it's this top tier bull shit to pull on anyone you claim to care about. I had reasons for what I did, but I don't feel it was justifiable. I cared a lot for the other girl, but didn't want to hurt who I was with, and circumstances made breaking up seem like an even greater evil. Even though I'm out of that relationship, I seem to constantly find myself reflecting on the situation, and I feel I never had closure with the other girl in the mix.
I have a beautiful, loving girlfriend that I love very much, but I feel like if I never talk to the ex (hate this term, but side chick) then I'll never get past it... but I also don't want to bring up past things if she's actually happy with her life. I rarely dream, but I've had nearly nightly related nightmares and very little sleep this year because of it. I just saw on FB through mutual friends that she randomly unblocked me... which isn't helping all of this...

Before anyone starts in on me, I know other people have what you'd call "real problems." I don't understand all of this, but I feel it's the only real issue in my life. It's the only thing that truly bothers me. I want closure. I think it would nearly make me ecstatic in some weird way for the other girl at hand to tell me she hated me to my very core. I just need some kind of definitive answer, and I feel like I'm basically answering myself as I type this.

Look, I'm not saying I'm holding a gun to my head. I'm saying it is literally the only satisfying thought lately. Like the only relief I could find isn't financial. It isn't being single. It isn't making a life with the other girl. It's just ending my own existence. I don't even know if it's a mental issue or if it's related to the things I've said. it's just... I feel like if I actually talk to my real friends then they'll basically tell my I'm being a drama queen, and that I'm looking for attention. I never dump my true feelings to people for fear that they'll think I'm petty. I just needed some kind of way to dump this out.

Anyone else know the feeling of having a good life but not just wanting to be done? Has anyone truly gotten past it? How did you cope?

BTW, it may help for people to know I'm on no medication. I have always faced my own problems head on. I bottle little things up, but take real problems on face to face.