Long rant I've been meaning to put to paper(keyboard?)So again it's a long one cause my depression is deeply rooted in my childhood and adolescence.   
Just wanted to give fair warning on that. Cause it's REALLY long.  
3,000 words long

I'm 25 going on 26 in the near future here. I've been diagnosed since I was 9, my mother says she had a feeling even when I was 6~7.  
From birth I was pretty much destined to be depressed. My Biological Father had Bi-Polar Depression and likely a form of ASD that's not diagnosed. My mother has Clinical Depression, both her parents had it, and she also had a pretty fucking rough childhood &amp; adolescence of her own.  
I was born mildly autistic to add on to things.

My father was never in my life at all and it was just my mother and I up until I was 5. While things are foggy obviously I do remember being *happy* ( I can also draw a diagram of the last apartment we lived in at the time and of the house we had afterwards. I can do this with pretty much any building I've toured entirely at least once, I don't know what to attribute to this other than my ASD)  
Que shiitty main event, step-dad. At the time(5-6) I had no reason to feel that way obviously; mom seemed happy, it was cool to have a guy around other than my grandpa who I didn't get to see more than once or twice a week comparatively, and I had 4 step sisters suddenly(thankfully all multitudes more "good person" than him)


We moved back to the town I was born and got a big brand new double wide trailer. Damn was it big compared to the little thing we had next to the train tracks. However though things quickly turned ugly, or maybe I could see it as I grew older I guess it's hard to say.  
Anyways as it became more and more apparent to him that I was not going to be the dream-child-son he was never to allowed to have prior(See: sports enthusiast, quarterback to be, etc) he very evidently cared less and less. I was my mom's kid, the girls his kids. That sort of deal and with it came a dislike of me that was evident. For starters he never gave a shit about me being autistic and how that inherently made me learn and act differently compared to other kids in my age group. I could do do no right in his eyes it seemed, and up until I was 9 I'd be grabbed by the arm and tossed around "if I wasn't listening" or that sort of shit, on top of being verbally reminded that I would amount to nothing regularly.  
School was rough obviously but I had friends and bullies didn't bother with me once they learned I'd just hit them back and a lot harder(mind you this is K through 2nd) so while not the best behavior it was how to blow off steam since at home the bully was a good 200 lbs larger. Thankfully I got to participate in anger management as well as a teacher's aide program in 2nd grade.

So for those wondering "where was your mom?" she was working 60 hr weeks to pay for the 4BR 2Ba house while he hopped around PT jobs and "pursued his dream to be a DJ" with the equipment my mom paid for. I maybe saw her 2 or 3 times a week and if it was ever for a prolonged period she was tired and otherwise not there for me a lot of times.   
Come the summer between 2nd and 3rd grades, after being diagnosed with stress headaches, my Mother and Step-dad decided a change of schools may help even though:  
public school had that anger management thing, teacher's aides, friends, and I was in advanced math.

Step-dad's bright idea was to send me to a 1st-8th grade Seventh Day Adventist school. Said school had no friends, no aides, no advanced courses for anything, and strange fucking beliefs.  
There I was, in a school of maybe 30 students throughout all classes, the only lower middle class kid, with autism, and teachers out to get me since "my family wasn't 7DA"

I got fucking detention for asking about dinosaurs in 3rd grade  
in 4th I was attacked by the rest of the 1st-4th graders with corn cobs(school's next to a field) and hit with the stalks. Teacher didn't know as she left us unsupervised to use the restroom. I didn't tell anybody at the time cause I was honestly convinced no one gave a shit about me besides my mom, and even then she didn't give me much of her time anyways.

All the while with this school fun time( I was there through 7th which is when I finally said, "NO") home life wasn't improving. I could tell my mom was sad or more so at least, step-dad still convinced I'm worthless, friends are growing a bit more distant each year since we don't share a school schedule anymore, and to top it off the one  positive male role model in my life in the form of my Grandfather died of diabetes. I didn't even get to say goodbye, fuck I didn't even know he was IN THE GOD DAMN HOSPITAL. Just came home one day to my mom crying, guess what grandpa died, oh we didn't tell you he was in the hospital? Things continue the same way basically, though step-dad apparently had a momentary lapse of shittiness and tried to actually take interest in my hobbies(Yugioh, MtG, model kits, you know the drill) and that lasted all of maybe 3 months until one day he, his words, "Just didn't feel like it anymore."

6th grade a miracle happens, mom and him split. I'm much more vocal now about how much I disliked him and such, he left on a "midlife crisis" to his uncles in Idaho.  
Unbeknownst to me they never divorced, he comes back, I get a rattle snake tail and feign happiness to appease my mother's apparent desires.

As stated earlier 7th grade I drew a line in the sand I was NOT going to the 7DA High-School. So we tried a charter school in 8th, bad idea as it somehow had less structure than the 7DA one + you had to do "projects" on your interests periodically with a big one each semester or so.

Pro-tip: Even with Mild Autism my interests back then and even now are preeeeettttyyyyy small in scope.

So half way through the year we swapped to the public school. They didn't impress me much either. Despite joining halfway through the year I was put in Spanish class. Went REAL well, and they had the gall to punish me for not doing my homework as apparently not being there the FIRST FUCKING HALF OF THE YEAR didn't matter. The other shitty thing was that the charter school was about 3 sections behind in algebra. so not 15.1 compared to the middle schools 15.4, no no...I was on 12.something  
Bet you can guess how much help I got with that too. Apparently all the aides died off?  
So to catch up on home-life, while my Step-dad was on his midlife crisis we lost the house he barely helped pay for, shocker. We get an apartment and things are okay, he's still a shit head but he's actually working full time so A: mom isn't doing 60+ a week anymore and B:He's not constantly home anymore.  
Oh but then he convinces mom that we should get a house. a REAL ONE. WITH A BASEMENT!(so he could buy a drumkit and suck shit at it)  
He also started having spotty work again.  
You also want another piece of insight on his shittiness? One of my youngest sisters had heart problems from birth and her final big surgery at the age of 18 was coming up.  
BET  
YOU  
CAN  
GUESS  
WHO  
DIDN'T  
WANT  
TO  
CONTRIBUTE

Her dad! My mom obviously had no qualms about it, she loved those girls as if they were her own. But just...to be so petty as to not pay for your tied-for-youngest daughters SUPER IMPORTANT HEART SURGERY still baffles me some 13 years later.  Honestly unsure if he did ever pay back my mom for half of the bill.

Back to school, it's HS and things aren't improving. I could ace any test they'd hand me but didn't want to do homework since it was just busywork for me. On top of that the district was convinced the answer was a million things of homework. It likely wouldn't have been so jarring if I had gone through the public system obviously but I didn't get to. I talked to teachers, my counselor, and so forth about options. School decides to put me in different classes where you can work your own speed. Sounded sketchy but hey, maybe it wasn't. We try it out 10th grade  
No it totally was, I was thrown into the delinquent and "kids with learning disabilities we don't want to deal with" ALC class. Sure you could advance at your own pace, but it was even easier, you were still time locked weekly(couldn't blaze through it to advance a class) and now besides two friends who were in there(learning disabilities, very mild delinquency) I was "out" of the regular class environment. No longer got to hang out with my favorite teacher and outside of I believe it was geography and lunch I didn't see anyone else.  
So halfway through that year I said fuck it and fuck you to the school system and dropped out. After about 4 months of wallowing and struggling through my depression I went to the local college's ABE department and got my GED which took me all of 4 days.  
Back to the home life throughout 9th-10th step-dad is still there, being his shitty self, mom's back at it with those 60-75h workweeks, and what with the youngest of my step sisters now 18 I never saw them much anymore either. So the last good things to come from him existing weren't there anymore. He'd always still be berating me, trying to discuss how "money worked" and so forth. Coming from a guy who couldn't hold a job, spent hundreds via online texas hold-em, and would throw a fit about my mom asking for his half of rent due to "having his own bills to pay"

Same ol' same ol' til one February day I spot an ad in the target flier, PS3+newly released CoD4 for sub-$300 before taxes. Want to say 275?  
I discuss it with my mom, negotiate that all chore/helping family friend money goes to her+no bday gifts(Sept.) if I can sort-of prepurchase it with said money/bday gift funds(lol) My mother knowing I meant it agreed as long as I did adhere to the promise throughout. Damn was I happy, I actually got a console in a relevant time frame to its release+got to play cod. I was a happy 15 year old. I can also vouch I was not one of those angry rage kids to boot!  
Step-dad obviously finds out, doesn't say anything for a couple of weeks. One day shortly after my mom left for work though he laid into me about how I don't understand the fucking value of a dollar(again said unemployed man who spends $100s on poker), how it's not MY money and theirs, etc etc. If I was braver I would have just beat the shit out of him there but I did the right thing(I see nowadays anyway) in just going to my room and texted my mom.

Thankfully my mother finally had the last straw with that one and that was that, so I actually got 2 birthday gifts there. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯

So now we're to after my GED, which was approximately...5 months after he finally left. Was mostly just trying to cope with my depression til i was 17, got a job and had that for about a year. 6 months into it though we understandably lost the house. We got a new apartment and things are fine, I was learning to be less like my mother's bad side(spineless, inability to stand up for herself, fear of confrontation, etc) and stand up for myself. Which doesn't bode well when I was 18. Mom had been seeing this guy for awhile and was at the point where he'd be over a fair bit and I guess be a family member? One day I'm sitting on the couch playing Monster Hunter and laughingly admit my frustration about a fight with I want to say Black Gravios...but anyways as I said I laughed about how I wasn't sure what to do/what i was doing wrong. Mom's BF proceeds to chirp that I should just turn it off. I honestly assumed he was joking and responded along the lines of, "Well then he'd beat me! haha" at which point he repeated himself and made clear he thought that hobby of mine was stupid. Not being like my child-self I stood up to him and firmly(no yelling thankfully) responded, "I don't make fun of your fucking hobbies NAME let alone be a dick to you about them" at which point he YELLS very clearly ,"THERE'S A HOME FOR KIDS LIKE YOU!"

I'll point out I was on the lease so yeah he was kind of right?  
Anyways never before had I seen my mother's face not only turn bright red but so god damn angry before in my life. She proceeds to call him every name in the book while physically kicking him out of the apartment. Him and I worked at the same factory for the next 3 months but I'll admit he stayed very professional there thankfully.  
I had a my first real gf following that for about 7 months. I had a relationship prior at 15 but I was a fucking dumb kid, we'll leave it at that.(thankfully we're close friends these days, I even get to be uncle to her daughter!)  
The then gf though went through some tough times, her own mother passed away and as much as a 19 yr old could be, i was there for her. Things didn't work out though as she started smoking pot and growing rather distant and uncaring. For clarification at the time I didn't want anything to do with it, still really don't but wouldn't be *as* against my SO doing it now. Learned even then i did the right thing though, found out accidentally a month or so later that she was like "cyber" cheating on me via love-letter emails and such with some dude 4 states away. DODGED A BULLE--  
no wait she slashed my tire 6 months later out of the of blue. SO more like dodging a mortar? Not sure what the 'upgrade' to that phrase is.

Time moved on and I began living on my own, attempted college to which depression gave a firm, "no" to, juggled through jobs never finding a real fit, I guess the usual struggles on one's 20's.

I had started getting things on track though. I went from 255lbs to 165lbs, still debt free, depression fairly well managed. Maybe choosing to not go through with killing myself at 12 was the right idea. Then reality came knocking and laughed at me for ever thinking such a thing though about a year ago. My mom calls me at like 2 in the morning asking(audibly upset) if we can talk. Long story short turns out mom won the lottery on men again and the husband of the last 3 years had been physically and mentally abusing her a LOT all-throughout. So that's some shit in and of itself. There's the guilt though; How didn't I see or realize? I even lived there for ~5 months in between moves.  
Context, my mother and then husband lived 6.5 hours away so while we'd talk plenty I only got out there at most once every 2 months. Mother says whenever I was going to be coming over/when I had stayed for the season he behaved himself.

Come on stress eating(210 now)  
Come on resurgence of hardcore depression(even went to inpatient before she came to live in my spare bedroom)
Guilt guilt guilt.

So now she's been living with me for 10 months, and she's doing a lot better but once I passed-on-by that guilt, I learned something new

I despise my mother to an extent, and those feelings were/are only exacerbated by seeing her be the beat down/spineless woman she was with my step-dad.  
 I DON'T BLAME HER FOR THE SITUATION ONE BIT  
But that's why there's this new guilt, "Dude she's your mom she's been through some shit why do you have such negative feelings going on? even though i know that just seeing her like that/this simply reminds me all too well of the past, as well as seeing the lone role model I had who managed to get herself back up and stride forward multiples times now being so fucking feeble and seemingly unwilling to try anymore.

Again she's improved a lot the last year, I don't blame her, but fuck there is a big part of me that is honestly happy that she's going to move away(this time with my Grandma) to Texas of all places.

Also a month ago now my nephew(5 months) died. Obviously 10000000000000000 X worse for his parents, but obviously still a heavy situation here.

Now we're here in the present. Still depressed, haven't managed to undo my weight-gain yet, mixed feelings towards my mother, second attempt at college failed for pretty much the same reason this last year, and shit is weird with my SO but that's a whole spiel in and of itself+much too personal. 


I've been on a multitude of meds, which only help somewhat, suicidal thoughts are so constant and also apparently silly, "Man you dropped a piece of eggshell in your cookie batter? Better visualize blowing your brains out over it." I just laugh at it honestly but while most of them fall under that degree of utter nonsense there at times still the darker kind like, "What if you just didn't stop and hit that transformer?" 

Honestly don't know what I'm doing or why most days. I can't say I'm on the verge of offing myself by any means, but 90% of my days usually fall under the blah/meh category.

Also starting to think I forget my meds so much because I hate the idea of needing them and that they don't "help enough" Wanted to try out that new TMS therapy as well since it sounds promising buuuutttt I have one of the few insurance plans in the area that won't cover it so unless I find $12k on the sidewalk here I can't try that option.

Typing out this book helped though it seems, so that's nice.  
Thanks for reading