Once more into the Darkness, my dear friendsHello reddit, I’m Taryn. I am 23 years old, live in California, and I am a disease.

I am currently unemployed, live at home with my mother, and I am suicidal. I’ve had/lived with depression since I was around ten or so, and she is the only constant that my life has ever had.

Anyways, I guess I’ll start from the beginning. I grew up with a single mom, my dad was “around” for my early years, but around 7-9 he left my life almost completely. Phone calls, letters, the occasional visit might have happened, but for the most part he was gone. I had my mother, grandparents, cousins and such, so I never thought much about it. I was always a “big” kid, both in height and weight. I guess that might be what contributed to the beginning of my life with depression. School was filled with teasing, beratement, and isolation from other children my age. Most of it can honestly be explained by “kids being kids”, which is what it was. I changed myself to try and fit in, to find friends, to just.. belong. I changed myself a lot, many times, but I wasn’t successful. Most of my memories from those days are of eating alone, being alone, and not knowing why I wasn’t good enough. I opened myself to abuse, both mental and physical, from my peers in the hopes that i could at least belong. I can remember groups of kids chasing me around the yard while throwing rocks at me. They had me believe that they were my friends, and that they were doing that to make me run because I was fat and they cared for my health. Looking back I know how naive I was, but at the time I was just happy to feel like I had friends. Oddly enough, these types of situations occurred throughout all of my schooling years. In high school I let people hit me with 2x4s from shop class, whip me, and other things like that. The faces changed as time went on, but my role was always the same. 

Over all that time, I guess I adopted an abusive form of self esteem. I constantly told myself that I didn’t matter. My happiness, my health, my personality and my needs did not matter. I took every shred of love, compassion, and respect I should have had for myself and radiated it outward towards others. I invested so much in trying to be everything to everyone, because then they would love and accept me. Any form of self care, self esteem, or personal fulfillment was cast aside. I told myself that these things were horrible, selfish things, and that they were all things that fed ego’s. If I had an ego, I would repel people, so all of that went out the window. My vision of myself grew into something of a shell. I couldn’t be bothered to care about myself at all, and I just felt.. hollow. I based my opinion of my person upon how people perceived me, and any form of esteem came from the validation I got from others, good or bad. I lived for others, and I gave myself away to feel accepted.

Over time, I noticed my relationships with people seemed to always have an end. Different groups, different people, I never found a constant connection. I was never around a particular person/group for more than a year, maybe 2 tops. In every situation, I reached a point where I just couldn’t give any more of myself to anyone, and they left. I can’t blame anyone, those ends were usually my fault. I’d become bitter, I’d be angry, I’d feel.. I’d feel toxic. Most people didn’t know what I was going through and how I felt, so they left once I became that person. Not really a big surprise, but at the time I just couldn’t understand why I was always left alone in the end. I self harmed, I changed schools, I talked to counselors and doctors, but there was some kind of ending that always seemed to happen, no matter what.

Now, in my “adult” life, I see how all of that has made me who I am today. I have had many jobs, the longest of which being literally one year. Unsurprisingly, I’ve never dated anyone. Im a virgin. I find that I am prone to anger, depression, and other forms of toxicity that make me a horrible person. I honestly have wanted to kill myself since I was in school, and I always expected I’d be dead before I turned 25. I never dreamed or planned for any kind of career, life, or form of existence. Any form of wanting, or dreaming, or planning, got thrown out because I believed I didn’t deserve it, that I was being selfish, and that I could never be anything. I suppose I could write an essay on all the critical thinking I’ve done to realize these things, but I believe the point has been made.

All of this has left me weary, and tired, and extremely depressed. Aspects of my personality have left me feeling like I am out of gas. Most days I legitimately have to force myself to wake up. I am something of an alcoholic, not extreme but I can tell I am on that road. I drive with safety in mind for other people, but I am reckless when I’m alone. I have a horrible time sleeping, and the only way I can get a shred of it is when I play “chicken” with sleeping medication. I often find myself daydreaming about my death, how I would do it, and things like that. I would say that I am not in danger of suicide at the moment, but my over all feelings are those of indifference. I could really care less wether I’m here tomorrow or not. 

I know this sounds a bit.. pitiful, I guess. But just about the only thing I can convince myself to hold out for is sex. I hate how crude that sounds, but my reasons are far beyond that of your “typical guy who wants to fuck”. I’m past the adolescent fantasies, and I don’t just want a body to use. I would just.. I’d like to feel that intimacy. I’d like to have someone to kiss, to touch, to hold.. I want to give pleasure, and I want to let myself feel at peace. I’d like to have something truly beautiful, and I’d like to deserve it.. truthfully, I’d be just as happy with cuddling. I just.. want to feel something.

Now, I’m just a shell that eats, breathes, and exists. I feel like a car that has no spark plugs.. I just can’t convince myself that I’m worth the effort of starting over again. I can’t find/keep a job, I’ve given up on love. I’ve just.. I can’t find anything worth breathing for. I’m wearing out my welcome at home, and the clock keeps ticking faster. 

If not death, what other option is there?