How can I get over other people's opinion ? The only thing that keeps me from committing suicide is others' opinion about me !I want to commit suicide for various reasons:
 
  1. I'm in Medical school which I hate. Do not tell me "it's going to get better" - It won't ( and either way, I've run out of patience to wait for it ). Do not tell me "you can choose something else" - I can't, I invested time and energy into this and I am no good at anything else ( and I'm not brilliant at this either, so fuck it ). 

  2. I had an arguing with my parents. I know damn well that being 23 years old and living with them is a shame, but they just make me to feel even worse about it, even though they know I can't move out, because I have no money. Yeah, I could take out a loan and then spend the rest of my life working like a mad horse to pay back the loan. Thanks,  but no thanks. If this is life, I'd rather be dead and end up in I don't-give-a-fuck-where, whether hell does exist or not, I just don't give a damn, this crap is not worth living. 

  3. I didn't have a great adolescence at all. The first part of it was spend being a perfectionist, emotionally liable pathetic creature that I was, struggling to do well in school, because this was the only thing that mattered to my mom, plus struggling with my eating disorders all the time. The second part of it was me rebelling against my fucked-up family life: abusing alcohol and hanging out with other fucked-up people like me. Fast-forward and I'm 23, being in Medical school, studying things that I don't like, which is not a surprise, because for whatever reason I can't enjoy anything in my life at all anymore ( probably my brain is already fucked because of years of abuse ). 

  So there it is: I don't want to be a burden for my parents anymore and I can't think of anything else to figure out the shit I'm in and I've tried a lot of things. I tried working out, I was a gym member for 4 fucking years, you know what I got ? Even more body-image issues. 

  Also there is nothing motivating about the future either: in this world it's all about making good connections and licking people's asses, this is how you get ahead and so what's the point of it ? What's the point of this whole life , if I don't like anything at all about it anymore ?  I don't like the way things work, I don't like how this whole fucking world works, and because I know I'm not going to be the one who is going to change the world, I might just as well check-out, because I really don't want to fit in this society.

  I want to commit suicide, I just don't want to think about what other people will think after I die. It's kind of ironic, but this is the only thing that is holding me back. These idiots are going to talk about me even after I'm dead and I can't stand the idea of it. So tell me, if you are an average, normal person: how much people gossip about someone after they die ? What things they say about them ? Do they consider them cowards ? 