A reason to go onThis year has been extremely stressful for me.  Between medical bills, IRS bills, family members nearing the end of their life,  being stuck at a job I'm terrible at, and being too stressed from said job to reach out to friends and family, it's getting to me.  I sometimes have a hard time finding reasons to keep going.  I think about my wife, my dogs, my family, and anyone who is happier with me in their lives....but I just want to live for me.  I don't want to live simply because others would be sad if I was gone.  I want myself to be a reason to go on, too.  


I gave my spouse both magazines to my pistol and asked them to hide it.  I have never felt the need to do something like that.  I also don't feel safe asking for them back.  I really don't think I need to see a therapist or anything, because deep down what I really feel like I'm missing is a friend who cares.  The other day a coworker noticed I was stressed and I just told them I was having a hard time keeping up at work, trying to be a good manager but also a good person.  They said, "Man, you too good for this place."  I almost cried, because that was the closest to "are you okay?  let's talk" that I've gotten from anyone that wasn't family.  I wanted so badly to hug them and gush all my feelings, but I felt it wasn't appropriate being a manager and needing to maintain that leader aura that keeps everyone working efficiently.  


I think I will be okay if I can figure out my finances and a different career, something that plays to my strengths more.  I don't want to be confident and charismatic and authoritative.  I'm artistic and creative and a good problem solver, I want to be given a task and a dealine, not a crew of people to tell what to do.  But right now I can't afford any kind of pay cut by taking a demotion to the position I liked there.  I also get really bad anxiety/panic attacks when starting a new job, which has caused me to be fired from more jobs than not.  So I'm stuck doing something I'm not suited for due to money and fear.  If that's not a recipe for a trap, I don't know what is.  


I don't know what kind of help I need.  Maybe I just feel safer not making eye contact and spilling my feelings to a bunch of unfortunately like-minded strangers on the internet.  Who knows?  But I'm forcing myself to open up, even if to someone I don't know.  Thanks to anyone who read this, and I'm sorry if you can relate.  I hate the thought that anyone feels like this.