Did 2016 do a complete 180 for anyone else too?I have been hanging onto the bare minimum for the past 5 years of my life. I lost everything that kept me going this year. One by one, something I live for gets plucked off and my will to live shrinks each time. I'm running out of patience. I am tired of waiting. I'm so fucking exhausted.

There's a prestigious and rigorous design school that I looked forward to attending ever since I was in 4th grade. I fell into severe depression in high school, but kept pushing because it was my only beacon of hope; the escape for my shit home life and a way to make new friends who share similar interests while pursuing what I love. I got rejected the first time but managed to get accepted the second attempt. I wasn't receiving any mental help at the time but figured my general positive attitude and passion for art would help me push through.

Turns out I was wrong because I already got a mental breakdown the second week and slowly began falling behind, cutting classes, etc. until I took a medical leave towards the end. Now I've landed $28k in student loans from a term I couldn't even finish, I'm working two minimum wage jobs, and I have barely any friends. As an extrovert that kills me. My weeks are always the same: wake up, go to work, return home exhausted, maybe sometimes hang out with a friend for a couple hours on my days off when I've the energy.. I normally end up bailing because I'm so tired. I haven't drawn in months. I spend most of my free time feeling alone and crying in bed. It hurts so much. I used to visit my boyfriend every weekend but now he wants to take a break from the relationship. 

I try so, so hard to stay positive and hope that something good occurs to alleviate all the weight I bear, but I can't help but think how fucked my life is. My only eligible cosigner pulled out so I can't return to school. I recently got diagnosed with type 2 bipolar disorder and am not seeing anyone/taking medication due to lack of funds (the health clinics who accept MediCal are the worst and mood stabilizers make me feel like a zombie. I need my manic energy for all the emotional labor my jobs require!!). I'm stuck in a disastrous loop where I'm too drained from work to even create a portfolio for a studio job but I can't quit to create more free time because I'm on my own financially. I'll have to pay off my debt somehow after I use up all my grace periods. Not being able to attend school sets my career back by 5-10 years since there's too much on my plate. I feel pathetic. I recently spoke to an alumni from my major who offered to help (finally, a glimmer of hope!) but told me that I'd have to take a couple more classes before a company would realistically consider hiring me, to which he proceeded to recommend some I can hardly afford. Then my relationship slowly began deteriorating over the past couple months but I was excited to see him every week anyway. Now he wants to take a break so I've nothing to look forward to, nothing to persevere for. 

I barely scraped by this year, constantly telling myself that it can't get worse because I'm already under unfortunate circumstances. I mean, how worse can it get? and it got worse. and worse. and worse. Hang on they said! It'll get better they said! But I've now reached my tipping point, I see absolutely no hope nor do I see a future for myself. I keep thinking of my method of committing suicide, imagining it.. I start tearing up because it feels so real? I want to escape all of this so badly. I honestly think I'm going to end it within the next few weeks. I've attempted it twice before and hopefully this will do it. 
