Going-away partyI will die soon. I have already chosen reliable and hopefully painless method for my departure. I’ve made my research and I am sure I will succeed. I was gradually losing my will to live over past 4 years. It started with my first depressive episode. My brother with whom I lived together for 5 years left me for his girlfriend to different city. In same time my mother moved from my country to Australia (around 14000 km away). I had no girlfriend, no friends, deeply rooted social phobia and no perspective for meeting someone. 


I landed in group therapy with suicide thoughts and found there my first and only girlfriend. Being in love blunted my feeling of emptiness and hopelessness. At least for some time. 8 months later I have found myself slipping into depression again. This time I tried to run from myself. So, I have changed my job and left my country. At first life was good again. But few months later I started feeling cold breath of depression at my neck. I have broken up with my girlfriend and from this moment things started detracting. First hospitalization in psychiatric hospital in country which language I don’t speak nor understand. Then suicide attempt. Second hospitalization. And third. I went back to my country for fourth mental hospital. I was diagnosed there with borderline personality disorder. I will soon go to fifth hospital on half-year stationary therapy specifically for people with personality disorders. I doubt it will help, but at least at time I will be killing myself, I will know that I have done everything to prevent this. 


Therapy is brutal. I started to remember things I wish I never remembered. Psychological abuse. Sexual abuse. Manipulations of my mother. Detachment of my father. First cuts and suicide thoughts. Chaos. I am broken, and I doubt I will ever heal again. Too many bad things happened. At least thought of death is comforting me now. My little lucky star in which I found shelter. I am going from where I came – straight into nothingness. And never felt more confident about this. This world is not designed for people like me – and it never supposed to be. I will fulfil my destiny and leave this earth clean.  I saved a lot of money. I will leave them to my brother and my ex-girlfriend. Only two people I really cared for, and only two ever truly cared for me.
