My situation is hopeless. I do not know what to do.My name is Dan.

I am 24 years old, and I have endured a lot of pain. I have Aspergers, I also have Dopa-Responsive Dystonia.

In order to move, I must take L-Dopa; without it, I am mostly incapable of fine motor control and only retain gross motor control. Also, without it, it hurts to walk.  This condition has affected me in various ways; my balance is off so I've never learnt to ride a bike, nor can I run without a high risk of falling over. 

Walking hurts if I do not take it, or take it only a low dose. If I take it on a high dose, I am capable of most movement, but requires I take breaks every few hours as the side effects (sudden sleepiness and/or over-excitability) appear. As such, I am not capable of a great deal of movement, and have subsequently become overweight.

I fought through the problems of Aspergers and depression, I have a few lovely friends in my life. They are good people. Very good people. Kind, considerate...little stupid, but then who isn't?

I had a fiancee. And a small company. And a home and a car and a future.

We were looking at getting married, we were looking at adoption. My ideas for some admittedly mad-science designs were being built. We had a future. A beautiful, beautiful future.

My fiancee decided, however, to go down the path of drugs, and this unfortunately led to him sexually assaulting me once, as well as beating me once or twice. His habits cost me almost everything; what little finances I had left I used up to leave home and him beyond. He took the car, I lost my home. Had to move in with the parents whilst I dealt with crippling debt and the memories of having my dignity removed.

My condition makes working very tricky; I survive on the UK's social security program. Just barely. It's just barely enough to cover the cost of the debts and provide for the bills and food. More often than I like, I've had to make the choice between food or an internet connection.
My parents are kind, and do provide for me, but they have their own debts that are eating away at their lives. 

This is not my first foray into depression; when I was young, I was very depressed that I couldn't do all these things with my brother; I couldn't run, or playfight, or do combat rolls, or anything, except stand, sit or complain when my legs hurt.
My body, at times, does lock up. Like a cage forming around my limbs, locking me down. Can't really do much in the way of sports without risking it; even after going to the gym I need to find somewhere quiet so that I can turn into a bloody statue.

Rage fills me; all those missed opportunities; my body let me down even when my will was as strong as iron. You can't climb trees when your hands have a tendency to let go of whatever they were holding.

He stopped me ending my life quite a few times. Often enough by sitting on my chest and using my head as a bongo, but that's my brother for you.

The other week, my brother took me out on a road trip across Europe to take me to a wedding in Venice, where one of my closest friends was getting married to the love of his life. My brother had also encouraged and supported me in making friends many years ago; I have him to thank for taking me to Venice, protecting me, guiding me, looking after me, and even helping me build strong friendships.
I could've never afforded it; I couldn't of arranged half of it and he ensured that even my sensory issues were taken care of.

I loved every second of the trip, but I tried to hide the full extent of my condition from him (we haven't seen each other in quite a few years); Levodopa has side effects after all. I didn't want him to worry about me, I also didn't want him to see me as a cripple he needs to take care of.

He's a very driven man; on that road trip he covered 1400 miles, and he's only been driving for about five months. If he knew I was writing this I strongly suspect he'd tie me up. He (metaphorically) chained up my heart to stop my depression; call it a form of conditioning if you will; he shouts; I go quiet; he orders, I obey. Subconscious snaps at me if I don't.

He wants me to be happy; to be debt free. But my heart died when my finance used me as a cum bucket. My debts are insurmountable; by the time I've cleared off some and bought food, I'm already out of money. 

But I'm in pain; my body, even with L-Dopa, still screws up. Still fucks up. Nosebleeds, confusion, agitation are other side effects. 
So there's a choice; don't take the drug and you can't move. Take it and whilst you can move freely, without the aid of a walking stick or wheelchair, you can't for the life of you figure out how a supermarket works. Or a door, in some cases.

I've been on 23 dates; each date has failed because it seems most people are overly vain; I am no adonis, I admit. Whilst my weight is larger than I'd like, it appears that a lot of people are very focussed on looks. Those few who looked beyond that were unsure if they were homosexual, and the one or two who got over those two problems did not inspire any sort of longing in my heart; all I could see them as were friends.

I can never be half the man my brother is. My condition wears on me and I'll never have the freedoms others take for granted; like your body not suddenly shutting down on you. I'm just stuck at home, writing my heart out to a possibly indifferent audience.

I'm alone, penniless, and I want to die. But I don't want to hurt my brother. I don't want him to suffer. I can't do that to him again; he almost fell apart last time I fell into this deep, dark pit. He put me back together with (if you'll forgive the poetic bit of me here) bits of himself; forging a connection between the shattered bits of my mind. 

He'd never admit to such weakness, but I know him. I know him watching me fall apart almost destroyed him.

I do not know what to do; I'm not strong enough to live, but too much of a coward to die.

I cannot fight this monster in me anymore. I can't fight depression, Aspergers and Dystonia.

If only my finance hadn't hurt me, if only Dystonia hadn't happened...maybe I could of been as brilliant as him. But I'm not; simply a source of pain and embarrassment to him.

I don't deserve a brother like him. The universe has made it clear I don't deserve any sort of happiness. 

So I ask the great Reddit Hivemind...what would you do when your mind is at risk, your body is failing to obey commands, your lover burns your soul and your brother chains down your heart? How can you fight this?

How can I win?






