Conflicted feelings and lost - looking for advice or listener?Suffering from pretty bad anxiety and depression after a breakup last year. The breakup made me realize how lonely I really am since I depended too much on my SO for happiness. Lessons learned however this isn't about that anymore. It's previous depression and anxious feelings that have escalated.

I really feel like my endurance is coming to an end for this stuff. I have been taking the correct steps according to everybody to recovery. I started immediately with therapy and medication. I have found new hobbies I am passionate about, new friends although a slow work in progress. I have attempted to practice self-compassion, mindfulness. I have reached out to support groups, or tried to meet friends with experience. I have tried talking to family briefly because I don't feel connected to them or anything they have to say.

 To this day, I remain convinced I should just kill myself. Sometimes I distract myself from it and don't think about it, but have yet to think it's not a bad idea. I bounce between anxiety and depression from week to week or so. Anxiety weeks are OK, just exhausting and annoying as heck. During my depression weeks the feelings are stronger and I am just miserable. I can be completely normal then suddenly be in tears. I often just want to go ahead and get it over with. I recently came close and caused some panic to people around me which only became really fucking annoying rather quickly. People are there in the last moments then they scatter. I won't make the same mistakes next time. Now I just go on lying to people since it's easier that way. I want to be alone and at the same time I don't. "How are you doing?" I hate this fucking question. I feel like nobody cares and at the same time I know people do care just not in any way that helps. I know a lot of the depressive feelings are irrational and aware of what's supposed to be or how I'm supposed to think about them if that makes any sense. But I really don't care sometimes. It's just been too exhausting trying to keep up an image.

I hate to be the fake 'nice guy' but I really feel I have been passionate in helping others my entire life due to being over-empathetic my entire life always prioritizing others over myself. Sometimes I feel like doing it but leaving a note saying it was nobody's fault and just my decision. Sometimes I just wanna disconnect from everything and go quietly and other times I just wanna do it as a fuck you to the world. In the end if I do it, it would probably be quietly since I wouldn't want to hurt anybody.

I'm running out of ideas here. Friends and family want me to find help and yet when I look they disappear. "I'm always here to listen if you need" Really? That is the most fucking bullshit that pisses me off lately. But at the same time I don't blame people. They have their own lives to deal with as I do my own. I just hate how fake everything has become.
