How can you share suicidal thoughts when no one wants to listen?I've had suicidal thoughts all my life even from a super young age and had many attempts. I've been able to get better the last few years but this month those thoughts have come back full force. I don't have any close friends, I don't really have anyone close. And I don't know what to do. I want some comfort I want someone to listen. 
The reason I don't consider anyone to be close even though I have reached out so many times to others and listened to their problems, whenever I mention anything about my own problems everyone gets quiet. I've written many times through text in group chats that I was anxious or crying and no one responds they just ignore me. I have never mentioned harming myself or these thoughts. And I don't know what to do.
I'm scared because I don't want anyone to think I'm seeking attention or gaslighting them. And of course not everyone can handle or is mentally prepared to hear about someones suicidal thoughts, so this the only place I can go without feeling like I'm making people worry. But I question whether anyone would worry at all cause they don't seem to care now.
I've been severely shamed for most of my life whenever I have shared anything about how I feel, from suicidal thoughts to just anixous thoughts. I've been told alot of horrible things such as 'to pray more', 'you aren't trying to get better', 'you don't try' as if I'm not fighting for my life every fucking day. It's seems no matter what I do or say, I can't share my feelings with anyone without being shamed or not listened to. Hell even when I share something good that happened or feelings of excitement everyone just gets annoyed with me. This is how my brain has been trained since I was a kid no matter what I have to say I'm the problem and everyone gets to freely express themselves with praise. Even in therapy where you're supposed to share these thoughts they hold the mental hospital over your head like it's a key. Not even in a professional setting can you be listened to. So it leaves me to wonder where and how can you share these thoughts without it getting to the "ending it all point"? I guess that's what this reddit is for.