My life is falling apart and I think I should just die.My life is a fucking joke. Not the 'haha' kind of joke, more so the dark and sad kind of joke. By all outward appearances I should be on top of the world. I have an advanced degree, a great job, I've been with my high school sweetheart for 15 years, friends, money, etc.

But the truth is: my degree hasn't helped me find any happiness in my life, my job is awful and I hate it, and I'm getting divorced. I'm living in a 10' x 8' room on a blow up mattress while my my soon-to-be-ex flies back and forth between here and Atlanta so that she can spend time with her new boyfriend (who her family just loves!). I can't find a new job, nothing I've tried works, and everyone around me just tells me 'keep trying!' &lt;- worst thing ever btw. I can't even focus on this shitty job anymore, which means that I'm probably going to get fire in the next round of layoffs. And then what?

I'm slowly starting to accept that I had my one shot at love and now I'm going to be alone for the rest of my life. Oh that's impossible you say, you just need to take some time and you haven't' even really started looking! I haven't dated anyone in 15 years, and I only dated a few girls in high school. I don't know how to date, and I'm terrified to even try. In addition, the more and more I think about, it seems like a really bad proposition. I'm short, balding, I don't have a deep voice, and (contrary to popular opinion) my degree seems to turn people off in hilarious ways. That's one of the things that really surprised me. I thought that getting a PhD in Physics would earn me respect, maybe even some admiration. Instead I get either (i) a combination of fear/trepidation, or (ii) complete apathy. I've crunched the numbers, in my region there are about 100,000 single women in my age group. If I assume that (a) I'm only attracted to about 10%, and (b) only about 1% will be attracted to me (seems harsh, but again, short, balding, low self-esteem physicist, so let's just say it's a conservative estimate), that leads to a grand total of ~100 women who I might have a shot at a long-term relationship. 100/100,000... the odds are certainly not in my favor.

I'm 32 years old and I have no future that I can discern. There is no afterlife, so suicide has no long-term impact on me. In fact, I'd just be speeding up the inevitable and eliminating pain from my life. So why not?