Lost in my own mind.Today I learned a lot about myself. I finally learned what complete rock bottom, no hope of ever escaping the darkness that looms around me. No matter my decisions or lack there of, I find myself not actually in control of any situation I am put in or put around. I used to have a Superman mentality, like nothing could hurt me and nothing could phase me. Since then I have done a complete 180. I am now a sad shell of myself, I have a closed in mind and life. Afraid to let anyone in, afraid of everything. I am currently in a state of mind that is completely numb to anything and everything. I have written this note a million times, I have thought these words at least a billion. My dreams show me everything I am not and all that I can not have . While I’m awake all I can think about is the next time I’ll be asleep. I have upgraded my odds of suicide from 94% up to 99%. I haven’t settled on a method though. I think taking a bunch of sleeping pills and putting a bag on my head would be the easiest, no pain, just a deep sleep I’ll never awaken from. Just the way I want it, I’ve gotten to the point I don’t even care if it hurts everyone or no one. If it hurts no one, great, then that just makes me happier that I can rid the world of someone who was never worth the life they were given. If everyone is hurt, well then that sucks. If everyone cared then why can’t everyone help? Why can’t everyone notice the days I walk around lifeless and have no words to speak? Why can’t anyone find a medication or a poem to show me the light , if you will. Countless therapists and psychiatrists, and the words I heard most were “it’ll get better” or “this will pass just give it time” or (my personal favorite) “ try making some changes “. Shocking that none of those phrases or pleasantries made me feel even slightly better or gave me an answer to any of my deep questions. I’m not naive enough to think there is an answer to everything I search and yearn for, or that everything gets better overnight . But I’m also not naive to believe that I will wake up one day and feel no signs of depression at all. It never goes away, it just lies dormant for periods of time and then flares up like the pits of hell. I wish I wasn’t the way I am, I wish I was one of those people who was sunshine’s and rainbows all day everyday. Wouldn’t it be glorious to love life and all it has to offer ? Well I don’t. I don’t want to place any blame on anyone but myself, I don’t want anyone to think that there was a god damn thing they could’ve done to help. Sitting me down to talk or going on a drive wouldn’t have helped. I can’t even tell an individual what’s truly on my mind without seeming like I’m completely detached from reality. Anytime I bring my issues to the forefront I hear the same things, “change the people in your life” or “take up a hobby”. I often wonder if there is ANYONE in the entire world that feels even remotely what I feel. There are 7 billion in the entire world and I can’t find a single one who can help? Shocker. I’ve thought about the decision to end my life for years, but never as seriously as I have lately. I have gain and lost so many items, friendships, relationships , everything over the years. The way my mind works allows me to feel and think i have no one. So I damage the good relationships and friendships I do have to a point where the only person left to point the finger at is me, deservedly so. I have tried so hard to try and turn my mind into something it’s not. I am an emotionless mannequin in an abandoned mall. Never to be seen again or even acknowledge that it existed. Over time my death will fade, friends will replace, family will distract themselves, coworkers will laugh at someone else’s jokes. It just isn’t fair to me to keep having to chug through life hoping for anything that isn’t absolutely awful will avoid me. I am the lightning rod for all distinctions and feelings, I feel it all. It weighs on my shoulders like a train car , one that I can never remove. No matter the money I make, the vacations I take, or the relationships I create, it will never ever fix me. I am not a fragile person by any means, however I am a lot like a car. It can endure an accident or two, and sure it can be put back together, but it’ll never run the same as when you first bought it. They call it normal wear and tear, except my wear and tear occurred at an accelerated rate. Which means one piece of me would be worn down so much that the other parts start to follow suit. Until you get to the end game, which is where i am now. Complete rock bottom, the feeling that things officially can’t get any worse. The world is pissing in my face yet the weather channel tells me it’s raining. I can’t take it anymore, a random guy last night asked me what the first thing i was going to do when I got out of the airport was. We had been chatting it up sitting there waiting for our flight , he told me he was one stop away from seeing his baby. He told me he hadn’t seen her since she was born, he was deployed the last few months and was so excited to meet his daughter. When he asked me what the first thing i was going to do i answered dishonestly, I drew a blank at first. I said “probably run into oncoming traffic”. He leaned back and said “woah”. He then explained not to worry about setbacks and that i was too smart to take the easy way out. As if I hadn’t heard that before, right? It’s easy for someone who had 30 minutes of insight about my life to make such bland, passive comments. I truly don’t think “things will get better” , I never actually have. I’ve just managed to barely convince myself to get out of bed everyday for the last 6 years in hopes the world will show me something new. It hasn’t, it never does. All I see everyday is that there is no place for me in this shitshow people will someday refer to as my life . I have written this letter more times than anyone should, but this is my final one. The other hundred or so can be found on my laptop files, marked with a random title, or on my phones notes app. I don’t think any particular person or experience has forced me down this path or into this mindset, but I also don’t believe there is a person or experience that can drag it out of me. I’m sure the comments will be filled with people trying to give bleak remarks about how my life matters and how everyone would miss me and I need to just tough it out. But my response is no, i have been truly defeated as a human. Treated as if my every shortcoming is the most insane decision a single person could ever make. My successes, albeit very minor are looked at as if they were expected. There is no winning for me, I have no drive for anything except myself. I am not one of the people who is ugly, weird, and unable to socialize. Quite the opposite, I just get tired of faking my every compliment or every normal joke just to fit in. People always say fitting in isn’t the most important thing and I’d agree, it means little to nothing to me. I’m just incredibly sick of having to feel normal, because I don’t. I constantly feel like I was meant for something infinitely more than this, yet i find nothing. I lay in bed trying to sleep, I can’t. I lose sleep over what the hell my place is, i barely eat, I barely sleep, I avoid being around others because i know they aren’t effected the way I am or by the things I am. To feel normal you have to have a feeling of mutual understand or interest. I don’t feel that, I feel like a horse amongst sheep. Everyone cares about such useless, temporary things. I care about a bigger picture that i don’t seem to weasel in to in any way. I am educated, so I’m not just some dumb asshole that sits here thinking I’m better, because i don’t. I seem to be inferior in every way that doesn’t matter and above average in any way that does. I wrote this long post so someone can see a little deeper into why i am going to take my life. Maybe someone can find solace in my words and figure out that they aren’t alone , or that it’s okay to feel the way you do because you can’t control it. Fact of the matter is, I didn’t ask for these feelings or thoughts. I didn’t ask for a life I hated along with a mind that can’t shut down. I wanted happiness, money has never mattered to me, it never could. I tried infinitely to find someone, something, anything to believe in. Something to give purpose to all the bad days so good ones could follow. I won’t ever find that, maybe it’s because I’m naturally cynical, or maybe that it’s because I’m the smartest stupid person in the world. Regardless, I am done with it all. Every day is at bare minimum significantly worse than the one prior, and if it’s worse than that then it’s enough to make an average person press a shotgun to their head and pull the trigger. I may be seen as another statistic , I may be seen as weak minded, I may be seen as a fool. No matter how I am viewed I hope everyone starts to see past people’s facade they put up for their daily lives. Look deeper, ask more questions. Get to know a stranger if they’re being quiet or dismissive. You never know how even one day can help someone, you never know what can spring from a conversation. I know there was a time where I could’ve found some hope in something like that, So I hope someone else can be saved from it. I hope someday there is a cure that can save someone from themselves , so they don’t spend their nights awake thinking why they aren’t enough, or why everything feels so numb. I hope someday suicide isn’t looked down upon so dismissively .  