I've attempted suicide three times and I'm in a state where I'm contemplating it again. Lost all hope. Here's my story. (F14)(This is not a suicide note. More like a rant/asking for advice) 

Everything started two years ago, when my life pretty much started spiraling and then went straight downhill with no warning. No friends, no emotional support from my family or anybody  else. Lost all hope and it felt like everything was just meaningless. Attempted suicide twice. My mother found out about the second attempt - didn't get me help, didn't call the ambulance. She just let me suffer while I was throwing up everything until it was eventually just blood. For three days straight. Told nobody in our family and kept it for herself. Her only reaction was anger. I understood it at first - she almost lost her daughter. But then it became way too much. She didn't show any empathy, sadness or worry. She was just angry and kept yelling at me, calling me stupid and ungrateful.

Something about her reaction made me afraid - I didn't want to live. But I was so afraid to die. To the point where I had nightmares about dying and mental breakdowns daily at the thought of being dead. 

Those two years were absolute living nightmare. There was nothing worse than being depressed and suicidal, yet so terrified and afraid of dying. It was like I was forcing myself to live, but not because I wanted to. I just didn't want my mother to be angry. I knew I was a disappointment to everyone around me. Last school year I became so depressed I just couldn't get out of bed. I also developed extreme anxiety and had my mom or dad to pick me up from school on daily basis because I kept having anxiety attacks and mental breakdowns. It was terrible. I missed out so much in school that my grades started dropping. Everything felt so meaningless to me. I kept hearing insults from every side, either from my parents or my younger sister. 

Lack of energy and will to live, losing appetite which caused me to be underweight, the horrendous amount of stress from my parents, school and my own mind became eventually too much for me. Not even the self harm helped anymore. I couldn't sleep even though I was so insanely tired. I couldn't eat even though I was starving. I just felt like I couldn't do it anymore. And the worst thing was not having anyone to talk to about it. Not having friends or supportive family destroyed me maybe even more than my mental state itself. 

One day, my body just gave up. I fainted in my room and my parents took me to the hospital. Seven days went by and I was diagnosed with mental illness sort of, tetany. Which basically means that under big amount of stress I start having attacks, shaky body, be unable to breathe or pass out. Another shit on my plate. Finally winter break came by. I was able to get away from school and those toxic people there and I could finally fix my sleep schedule at least a little bit. 

I don't know what it was about being in the hospital that made me realize that no one cared about me at all. I had no visitors other than my parents who brought me food everyday. No one really gave a shit about me. I was so lonely that I had to make an imaginary friend in my head that I could talk to at least. Sounds crazy, but we became attached. If there was no one here for me, he was. 

Skip all the way to January, my mom finally decided to take action. After. Two. Years. I went to psychiatrist and to my surprise, got diagnosed with severe suicidal depression and extreme anxiety. Got shit ton of meds and went home.

I thought I was on a good way to become my old happy self. The happy meds were supposed to make me happy, right? No. I didn't realize they wouldn't just make bunch of melatonin come into my brain and I could go on YouTube and post motivational videos. I was still depressed. Sometimes looking back I even think it got worse. 

Most of my time was spent on the internet, specifically YouTube and Reddit. I got tired of not having friends and feeling so lonely, and even though I am very socially awkward and overall antisocial person, I tried to reach out and it worked. Holy freaking shit it worked. And I felt happy. I was happy for the first time in two years. It felt like fireworks exploding and I was smiling. I found amazing friends here on Reddit. Definitely the best ones I've ever had. 

The thing with my mental state was that I'd doubt myself. And my mind would be screaming at me that they deserve someone much better and they secretly hate me and are friends with me just out of pity. But I decided, for the first time in my damn life, to focus more on myself and be a little too selfish, and I ignored the thoughts. It felt like I was on top of the world, honestly. I'll never feel like that ever again. It was so magical. 

But life backstabbed me again, and made my thoughts stronger than my selfishness. I believed every single thing my mind told me and fell for its little tricks. My mental state got even worse. My self harm got worse. And then I did it again. I skipped school, and tried to slit my wrists in the kitchen, while eating up sleeping medication. My mother found me. She bandaged my wrists and put me to bed. 

She was very angry, but she looked so tired. Like she just fought the whole country of Ukraine by herself. The blood from the whole kitchen was wiped, the razors were thrown away and so was my suicide note and it looked like nothing had happened. I was laying in bed, even though I wasn't moving I could still feel the dizziness. My heart felt like it was going to explode and so did my head. It took me good ten minutes to get rid of the blurry vision and finally focus. 

My mother was sitting next to me, looking at me with so many emotions in her eyes. Her mascara was all around her eyes, smudged. And she asked me why. Why did I do such a thing. I told her I already wrote it in the note. And I fell asleep. I never took longer nap than that. Felt like I slept for the whole day, honestly.

I thought my mother finally understood me. That she was finally getting the grip of what my mental state was like and that she'd be more supportive. Oh boy, how wrong was I. 

She forced me to lie. To everyone. She told me to make up a story if anyone, including my sisters or psychiatrist asked what happened. And the last piece of hope I ever had was crushed just like that. On my next therapy session with the psychiatrist I told him I burnt my arm while making schnitzels and my mom was there as well. He believed it. It was definitely only because my mom was my fake alibi. 

I just couldn't understand it. The mental breakdowns became pretty much a daily thing. Kind of 24/7 actually. I had no idea my eyes could come up with such a doze of tears. 

The only friend I had at that time was an internet friend. And I told him everything. I felt like absolute shit, totally hopeless, lost, worthless and suicidal but there was just something about him that made me feel some type of way. That gave me hope that everything would be okay again. And I was silly and believed it. It felt good to dream, to hope. I'd fall asleep holding a pillow pretending it was him. I'd talk to my sister about him all the time to the point when she got annoyed and wouldn't listen to me anymore. I drew comics with him in them. I wasn't in love. I just found a light in a darkness that my mind had become. He was the best thing that happened to me at that time. 

The hope would fade one day and come back on the other. And when I had it, I finally got the guts to talk to my mom. I told her I'll go to the psychiatrist and tell him everything. And for some unknown reason she agreed to go with me. I think she was way too tired and done with me to even procrastinate. So I told him all of my feelings, my suicide attempts and all of that. 

Something kinda funny happened on that day. When I look away from my mental breakdown, the disappointment in my mom's eyes when he told her he'd lock me in the mental hospital for suicide watch and me crying when I saw her face, I still accomplished something that day. He actually invited me to his lesson that he gave to Norwegian students that studied psychology and I talked to them in english (not my native language) about my mental state. It felt good and they were really nice. And my mom even told me she's proud of me. 

I got locked in the mental hospital for a risk of commiting suicide. I was there for a week and it was horrendous. They treated us like animals, cooked disgusting meals and threatened to feed us with tubes through our nose if we didn't finish the whole thing (the nurse told me that the first hour of being there), yelled at us constantly and were extremely strict to the point we couldn't even go to the toilet or get water. They were also mean to every visitor. And they wouldn't let us shower everyday like they were supposed to, only on Wednesday and Saturday which is disgusting. The craziest week of my life. 

For the first time in my life I was happy to be back home. I was excited to see my comfortable bed, my teddy bears but mostly so I could talk to my friend. 

Of course, it wouldn't be me if I didn't fuck things up. And there I was, friendless again. Hopeless. Again. Therapy wasn't working, meds weren't working, nothing was working. My mom kept constantly telling me that it's all in my head anf I should just stop being depressed. Only if it was that easy. 

As I said already, I found few other friends here. They were all very nice, but I couldn't get myself to speak up. Like there was a barrier that wouldn't let me be myself. It felt like my (at that point) ex-friend took all of my hope and happiness with him. It didn't take long for my mind to start hitting me with huge waves of depressing thoughts, even bigger waves than usual. And it also didn't take long for me to believe them and fall for it. My already broken heart broke even more when I found out that one of them wanted to kill themselves. I don't think I've ever felt such hatred, disgust and disappointment for myself like I did at that moment. It took a while until it sank in that I almost killed a person. Someone almost died. Because of me. It felt worse than a murder ever could. 

And now, I'm pretty much here. Feeling worse than ever with shit happening everywhere around me and me being my hopeless, depressed, suicidal, agonized self. I genuinely don't know what to do. Meds don't work, therapy doesn't work, nothing fucking works. I have only a week left until school starts again and I feel like that will be the last drop. I don't know what I'm expecting, I think advice would be nice. If you read it all the way here, thank you.