I want to die. I need someone to talk to now.I want to admit myself to a the psychiatric ward of a hospital and get help. 
Me and my boyfriend (who live together) had another violent fight again with me trying to keep him from killing himself and I finally called 911 and they took him to the psychiatric ward.
The funny thing is I'm extremely jealous of all the help he is getting. He's had 2 of these suicidal episodes. He's almost always extremely happy and we have fun together and he's always trying to make me feel better.
 I've been depressed for years and I still haven't been able to find the right medicine combo or the right doctors to help. I've been through so many anti-depressants it's ridiculous. My anxiety level is so high that when this episode of his happened last night I have yet to calm down - even after taking 3x the amount of anti-anxiety meds that I'd usually take during a normal day. I've just moved to this new city and my doctors aren't prescribing me the right medicine because they keep saying I'm not depressed. I've been to three therapist and none of them care. I just saw the current one today and she cut my appointment short by 20min even after I told her what was going on and how I was feeling. She had nothing to say about it.
 I have so many thoughts of suicide all the time I've been saying it almost daily to my boyfriend. He has one fit and he gets all the help in the world all day long everyday with therapist, psychiatrist, doctors etc he gets to talk to all sorts of people. I have no one to talk to. I have no help. I told my sister about this and she said it was stupid. I told my boyfriend and he said it was a good idea and he's getting a lot of help he needs and he knows I need. My mom said I should admit myself - but I really just don't know anymore. I feel like dying. I don't know why. It's so dumb. I know I would never kill myself but I'm stuck in this horrible depression that leaves me lying in bed all day staring at the ceiling for the past several months. I don't know what to do; and all the while I'm suppose to be his support system while he's there and what I need is a support system and I'm soooo fucking jealous of everything he's gotten even in just one fucking day there. I feel stupid posting this; maybe I'll just delete it.