HelloHello there Reddit.  I've been lurking for a little while now and I was on SW and I feel that this is a good place for my first 1st post.

First off, I have been suicidal for several years, at least since high school (I'm a senior in college now).  I've had my ups and downs, but I've never taken meds or been professionally diagnosed.  The last couple years have been a struggle, with few nights going by where I *don't* wish that I won't just wake up.  There have also been several times where I've had a knife pressed against my wrist/throat and prayed for God to send me a sign, but I've held on.

Several years ago I wrote a suicide note and just kinda hid it off to the side where I thought no one would find it.  Some things earlier in the summer and my mom told me how she had found the note.  She asked why I had those thoughts and how because I had them it was *her* fault.  This was something I didn't want her to think, that my fuck-ups and short comings were her fault.

I am 22 years old.  I am borderline morbidly obese.  I have never had sex, never had a gf, never been on a date, never even been kissed.  Anytime I see my buddy with his gf (which is constantly) it sends me into a borderline blind rage because it feels like one big "FUCK YOU" from the universe.

Despite all the shit in my life, I've held on.  Believe me, I've been through the blackest of black, and I still haven't seen the light at the end of the tunnel.  I can't say why I've held on, but I have.  I still hate damn near every aspect of my life and can think of a justification (in my mind at least) as to why I should end my life, but things have begun to take baby steps towards improvement: my grades are getting better (GPA is 2.25 after being damn near a 1.0 a 1.5/2 years ago), I have strong friendships that unshakable, and just an overall feeling that things *will* be getting better.

I write all this as a message of hope for the hopeless.  I've been through the ringer several times but I've still held on and things ARE getting better, just as sure as the world turns.  I want to try and help those who have been/are where I am/was, so don't be afraid to message me.

*Sorry if this is a little fragmented/poorly structured.  Kind of a stream of conscience post and just writing as things come to me.*