I dont know what to do..I want to change my life. Ive been depressed/suicidal since i was 15, and actually tried twice. I am 20 now. I just graduated and got my Associates Degree, right after i graduated i also got laid off at my (first and only) job. Its been a couple months since i graduated now and i cant seem to even get a pre-education job, or even an interview at a pre-education job. I have relativly large stretched ears (almost 2") which i believe could be effecting my job prospect. I dont want to change my ears, but even if i did i couldnt afford the surgery to do it.

Im currently living at my girlfriends parents house (she is in dorms at college) because my father doesnt care to let me live with them (heactually lives within a mile or so from me and i havent talked to him in quite a while). If i could id move in with my mom but she lives 6 hours away, and i just cant leave the area i live in, I really feel if i left the area im in right now itd make things worse mentally for me. I feel like shit because i cant pay her parents anything anymore for letting me live here, and theyre on welfare as it is so it just makes me feel worse.

Im slowly starting to hate all my friends, and i feel like they are all starting to hate me, the only friend i feel like i dont hate is my step brother, who i hang out with almost every day.

I dont have a car anymore because it broke down and i had to scrap it, because it would cost more than i payed for the car to get it fixed (payed roughly 1400, would cost 1600)

I used to smoke weed all day every day with my step-brother for about a year and a half, but my old friend/dealer got busted with 64grams of weed and 10 grams of meth and is going away for a while. But i havent smoked weed in over 2 months (by my choice, because i feel like in the long run it was a bad thing, only financially)

My girlfriend loves me and I love her, weve been dating for 2 years but i always feel like one day shes just going to say were over. (we are semi-long distance, about 90 miles apart and i visit her every weekend thanks to my brother, which is were a lot of my money goes when i get money)

Lately ive been thinking of a lot of people that used to be in my life, some good friends i used to have, some ex girlfriends. some people that used to mean a lot to me, that arent here anymore.

I feel like ive been slowly gaining weight (im 6"5 about 230) and i used to be roughly 200.

Other then looking for jobs online, i sleep pretty much all day. I go to bed at 6-10am and wake up at 2-4pm. Im doing nothing with my life right now and its making me feel worthless.

A lot of shits been going on in my mind, and i dont like any of it. I dont know what to do... i dont know what to do....
