Tired and suffocatingLet me start ofc by saying I can’t tell if me not being able to breathe is bc of how I feel or if I potentially sick. My mother picks me up from my friends house today. Everyone over there is sick but I had fun. As she texted telling me she was on her way I dreaded it. I came down from a high. Remembered all of my assignments. Remembered I’m coming home to a room that my friend and I tried to clean but ever is on the bed now. I remembered I was coming here. Home. I have had this on and off headache since last night. Got in the car felt weird. Immediately nauseous. She drives around my stepdad is there (hate him) they going in and out of car at different locations. Now I should note in the car shortness of breath and my quiet hyperventilating started, but she didn’t look back didn’t ask. She said basically nothing to me. So I’m aging down in the back seat, stepdad gets back in the car smells like pure cigarettes. The smell start choking me I can’t breath and I’m about to throw up. My mom is asthmatic and sensitive to smells, so I know she smells it. She had locked the window I had to beg her to let me open it. She never asked if I’m ok. I cried a little in the car. We get home I stumble out she looks at me, you can tell I have cried, says nothing. Stepdad gets mad at me for not helping , she walks away to console him. Go upstairs, I cry on the bathroom floor for over 45 minutes. I’m overwhelmed and don’t care. I have nothing to look forward to anymore. What’s the pony to do anything. All I wish was for her to care and help me. I don’t want her yelling at me again. I’m waiting to see if she’ll ask me am I ok. Calls me down, says nothing to me. Fast forward, I feel like shit, just want to sleep, hyperventilating worse still can’t breathe. She calls me and I’m twitching and out of breath. Talking about stuff idc about, can’t find my phone, she doesn’t ask me if I’m okay. Go into my dirty room sit on my floor, crying and hyperventilating, come to to give me something. She finally looks at me and yells “why tf are you crying?”. ... what do I say at the point? There’s no sympathy, and she’s already yelling. I tell her “I’m not ok, not right now please” I have to repeat my self a few times while she gets agitated, then she walks away. She’s the victim according to her mumbling. I keep being mean while she tries. One day she won’t be. I won’t be here for her to try anymore. I already know it’s not worth it.