Logically, why would you want me to live?Honestly, why the fuck would you want me specifically to continue living? 

I'm a complete piece of shit of a person, I support some of my relatives sure, but once I accumulate enough assets to last the the rest of their lives - I should be disposable. Or frankly I should be disposable even now, personally I don't want to spend one extra second living that I absolutely have to, but whatever - my wishes are nobody's business, nobody gives a fuck about them. 

Life aspirations - fuck that, dreams - haha nice joke. Get fucked, Ivan -  that's the motto of my life. But whatever, fuck that, fuck everything. 

Think I found a viable solution to my problem, I will have to research and figure out some things still and its not gonna be easy for sure, but I think it should be doable. Maybe its actually decent time for this also. My relatives are coming from vacation I've sent them to and I'm getting honestly absolutely desperate for any kind of consolation in life, it feels like fucking shit, so maybe soon would be time. 

One particular date is very soon also and its a life milestone for me - anniversary of something significant. And I'm in completely fucked up state, my life is in shambles and I hate it, I hate myself - figured that out recently, turns out I'm literally Hitler when it comes to treating myself - I really fucking hate myself, idk I wouldn't do half the shit to my enemies that I do to myself. Its like unbelievable, completely fucking inhuman shit. If I've seen someone do that to one of my relatives, I'd fucking beat them to death on the spot probably.

I'm a real subhuman piece of shit though, I've lost my moral compass long ago and I've been also spilling that poison all over for few years, maybe not directly but people around me probably noticed how I went from "Save all humanity" to "Fuck humanity, fuck everyone, I will advance only my own goals" - for the benefit of my relatives that is mostly, but whatever. 

My relatives will be devastated by my death probably, especially by suicide, they're religious you see, I've lost most of my faith long ago, well not precisely - I'm actually angry at whoever there is for allowing me into being - I think its incredibly cruel and unfair and therefore that being is cruel and unfair probably, unless our understanding is completely wrong and something is completely different, but that's whatever. 

I really hope there's really is nothingness and void, that's like my dream to be honest - I never fucking wanted to exist. All my life I regretted one thing only - being fucking born. Hate my parents for it pretty badly frankly. Love them, but hate them for this shit also. And I totally understand that they're fucking too stupid to realize this, that's okay, I myself will never consciously father children - fuck that. I know too fucking well what kind of fucked up world this is, so fuck that, its waaay too fucked cruel.  

I really hope I will find a way to end this shit, because this has to end - I can not suffer this for much longer, I'm almost done. However fucking strong I am - I can not survive this forever.