My (new) Brother in law's groomsman mentioned to me that he's had suicidal thoughts. I.. what should I do with that?Let's call him Jeff. Jeff and 2 other guys were in the Marines with my Sister's new husband, and we were all groomsmen at their wedding. It's kind of a round-about way that Jeff and I even had the conversation, but we were continuing a conversation in the car about the notions of ambition and personal responsibility, blah blah blah.

Anyway he says (with just me and him in the car), that he doesn't feel bad for people who kill themselves. Basically saying, "Ok, you did that to yourself. That's bad of you."

And I pushed back and said (please correct me if I'm wrong), that you know, from the information I've been able to find, people experience episodes of suicidal ideation, and if they can wait them out, they'll pass, but the problem is that people have fast and effective means of suicide around, like guns and pills, so the UK, for example, started to require advil to be packaged in punch-tabs instead of bottles. The UK saw a decrease in that kind of death. 

He then said that he's had suicidal thoughts. The conversation kind of continued on about the limitations of personal responsibility, and, for the debate we were having, that factors outside of you can have a big impact, you know, and that that's ok.

Long story short, I will probably never see Jeff again because we live in 2 different parts of the country, and my BIL doesn't see him often either. The only person I *could* talk to about this would be my BIL, but I don't know if telling my BIL would help? Or how my BIL would react for that matter. If he reacted poorly, I'd hate for Jeff to have told me something in confidence that he thinks I'm now blasting the world about. Or that my BIL tries to "fix" the situation and makes it worse/harder for Jeff to live his life. I don't know.

My own grandfather was in the military and was taken by suicide when my dad was in the 3rd grade. I know that men often don't get the emotional support they need because society demands we be so macho, and I know that trauma often haunts those who have served in the military. I would just hate for there to be something I could have done, and not done it, you know?

Any suggestions would be great. 