At a loss, overwhelmedI don't even know where to start. I definitely don't know where to start without sounding like a whiny bitch. 

To start, I'm mid 20s, male, dad to 4 kids. Married. Unemployed. Major anxiety, don't know how to handle myself anymore.

To begin, I love my kids to death. I don't feel equipped to deal with them.
I love my wife, I don't feel equipped to deal with her.

I wish I had a job, nobody answers back. 4 months, no money, Christmas coming up, I'm getting impatient. 

My last job was at a liquor store. Nothing fancy. Lost that due to a few reasons. Drinking, being on my Ativan at work hard, just to ease the anxiety a little bit.

God knows I haven't been the best husband. Don't blame her for being like this to me. I've never offered stability, or anything that would make me a good husband.

Never been a drug addict or a big drinker until recently. The anxiety just got too much to bear. I don't do Street drugs. No tar, no crystal, nothing like that. 
Just went and saw a doctor for the first time in years. He has put me on so many different prescriptions in the last year to balance me out, nothing works. He finally got me on Ativan, it doesn't work but it's better than the other 7 things I've been on.

Was incarcerated for a while in my younger days. They tried a lot of therapy, prescriptions, all that. Nothing worked.

I dunno.

My wife works a graveyard shift. Comes home at 7am. Sleeps until 4. Gets up, goes back to take a nap at 9. I do everything. Not to mention I don't sleep, I never do. An hour here and there.

I've told her so many times, I need some help with the kids, they've been screaming at me for days, i need help cleaning, ect, she gets mad at me, blames me. 

I'm just at my wit's end. The last month ive had constant chest pains, my stomach has been burning. I can't see the doc for a while until I pay him for a no call no show appointment. 
Probably just stress. 

Fuck this isn't even close to everything but I guess that's all I have to say.

Thanks