I'm just really not feeling lifeFirst off, if someone is snooping through my Reddit, fuck you.

It's not that I want to be the cause of my own death, but I really don't want to live either. School is just miserable for me, yeah it's easy. I've always been told that I was smart, but despite I'm failing nearly everything. My test scores are always 90+, but homework and assignments that are meant to be completed out of class make me actually suicidal, and it's terrible. My incompetence in school has lead to my parents berating me and just compounding upon my misery. I see a therapist, and she does help me, but she doesn't know the extent of my problems and I don't know how to tell her about anything at all. I feel like nobody really cares about me, even if they exhibit signs of caring they're just acting or trying to be nice. Who would care about me anyway? I'm just one of seven billion worthless souls with the exception being I have no point, no purpose, no reason to exist. Nobody loves me, and if anyone does they're really terrible at exhibiting it. My parents think they can help, but in reality if I didn't have to go to school or live with them I believe I'd be able to sort out all my problems on my own. My parents try to talk to me about school and my mother accuses me of not trying, my father tells me that i'm making up my misery and proceeds to make jokes about how i'm smart but do terribly in school. I told my mother what I actually felt for once today, that I wanted to die. She freaked out and just made me feel even worse. She guilts me into and out of everything I've ever done and it makes me so unhappy. School just gets even worse every year, despite me getting ~1-2 questions wrong on each of my tests throughout the year and scoring very near to perfectly on every big important test teachers continue to recommend me for lower-level classes next year. My intelligence is the one thing I appreciate about myself, and even that is dwindling. I show the ability to do the work, and it isn't failure to comply when I don't do homework. I don't do it because deep down I really want to live but I don't know how when everything around me makes me want to die, and even though the teachers have seen me perform, they know i'm capable, they tell me i'm not smart enough to be in the highest level classes, even when my scores are almost entirely the highest. Everything I'm supposed to be living for makes me want to die more and more. I feel like I die every day. Typically when people are happy, they act happy. When they're sad they act sad. When they're hungry they eat. I've felt dead for years, maybe I should start playing.


There's more I want to write, but fuck it, who cares anyway. What you all do here is wonderful, but If I don't believe for a second any of you really care for any of these individuals, even if you try to make it seem that way.