Disappointment.8th grade started, and yesterday went terrible for me.

I'm the person that acts like they're all cheerful and okay and normal. But when I get sad I show my dark, depressed, and alone self.

I was just sitting when the teacher was out getting some papers, and I got whacked on the back of the head with some binder, it hurt, and my natural reaction was crying. I began to cry, instead of trying to reassure me. All they did was laugh and said "Why is he always like that?"

The teacher came back, and the only people that were actually pitying me told the teacher who did it. Last year someone threw some hard thing on the back of my head. I luckily had no damage to me at all. I was bawling like a little bitch and kept getting laughed at. The teacher told me to sit outside while he dealt with this. After class ended, he told me to come back in and asked what happened. 

I felt like I was breaking and wrote down all of the things I was sad about, I couldn't verbalize anything. He said he experienced all of it, being a disappointment, acting like he was happy in the inside, lying to everyone he was okay. He took me to a counseler and I kept bawling and told him I was a failure and someone that couldn't do anything, and I had no friends there to make me happy.

He reassured me and told me they were all fools, that were just jealous of how "smart" I was and my nice clothing that my parents seemed to buy. I was also telling him about my parents seemed to yell at me, about being a failure and gaming addict with no life. He told me it was just all fear and then not knowing what to do, it was a natural reaction he told me.

He told me to check in with him everyday, and tell me what's happening with my everyday life. Barely anyone seemed to care about me and only saw me as a target.

I literally feel like all of my skills are useless, sure I can get headshots with Widowmaker in Overwatch, but everyone hates her and insults you for playing her, even my own team. I've always hoped my life was just something I could wake up from and my life would be a happy life. 

Today went okay, some people noticed me sitting alone on the floor eating and decided to show some moral to me for once, it felt nice.

I've bought about how stupid, and happy I was back then. Barely self aware of what others thought about me and how I had self confidence and could care less about what others thought about me, I wish I was still like that. Now I'm a sensitive, depressed teen that can't even speak without stuttering.

I have no idea what to do anymore, I didn't tell him about me thinking about suicide and how it would just end all of my suffering, and everyone else that worried about me wouldn't have to worry about this burden, and disappointment.

Thank you in advance, you are a wonderful person to watch out for people like this. If I do not respond I don't have the energy, or I passed out.