Maybe a goodbye letter
How my life went shit in a few months

One night in the middle of june 2020 I suddenly woke up with a loud screaming in my left ear. That was a nightmare, I couldn't sleep for the rest of the time and in the morning I was devastated. But it went away, and I thought it was just something not to care of at all because in the same days I had a fever and maybe (I thought) that was correlated. So, as the days went by this screaming occasionally returned and I started noticing I couldn't hear well in my left hear, it was just like it was immersed in water. Then I decided to go to an ENT, and to my surprise I was diagnosed with a sudden hearing loss in the low frequencies. My nightmare now was real, but I didn't know yet how much scary it would be in the near future. Yes, because as the months passed by I started developing chronic tinnitus and severe hyperacusis. Not to mention the vertigo, which luckily went away after a month. Anyway now I'm here, writing this shit just to tell myself I'm still alive even if I would not. I'm living this hell not for me, this isn't my life anymore. I'm living just to not let others suffer my definite absence, but I don't know how much I'm gonna survive for the others.

Before this, I was a "solar" person, not the kind of people who always smile, but the kind of people who always tries to make you laugh. Yes, I had past episodes of panic attack, and if I have to be honest, I have always been a pessimistic person. But that was not something that made me suffer. I just accepted life as it was given to me, and I was doing so well before this. I completed my studies ad university, I found a regular job. I was so happy, that was the beginning of my life. My pessimistic part was really disappearing, there was light at the end of the tunnel. I was so happy because in a few years maybe I could have left my parent's home and start a new life with my lovely girlfriend. She loves me in a way I'm not able to describe because maybe I can't fully understand. And I'm so shy thinking at her loving me that way, because she believes in me as no other has ever done. I told her about my suicide thoughts and she cried a lot, we cried together and I felt guilty. But I must be honest with her, she must know what's in my mind. Now I'm not even able to drive my car anymore, how could I start a new life with her? I'm loosing my job, it's just a matter of time, and I couldn't finish my thesis for the final step in my graduation at university. The best moment in my life became my worst nightmare and I have absolutely no will to live this anymore. She can't understand this.

Music is the thing I miss most, not music in general but my music. I was an hyper selective person when it came to music and I'd prefeer not to listen music at all sometimes instead of letting my ears fill with the first shit on the radio. I used to play the guitar since I was 5yo and the guitar meant so much in my life. It was the only thing that let my spirit calm down in the worst moments, and I could litteraly be one thing with my guitar. Now this is not true anymore, I can't play the guitar the way I used to. With this horrible sound in my left ear, and with this sensitiveness to sounds, it's completely not the same and I'm very devastated. Totally. In a way words can't be enough to tell. In a way these few words aren't 000,1% of my pain.

Maybe I'm writing this as a goodbye letter, maybe my loved ones will find this few lines one day and will understand why I did that stupid thing. I don't know, but I'm really struggling, I'm tired, I can't live the rest of my life this way.

In case I will be missing in the near future: 

E.A. I love you so much, I hope you'll find your happiness a soon as possible. You will hate me for the rest of your life, and that' s ok. I can understand. You are the love of my twenties and of my whole life now. I hope you will fall in love with another guy, better than me, and I wish you the best possibile life ever. 

Dad, Mom, Sister, Brother, I love you all, you were a great help for me in the darkest moments. I will be fine now. I won't suffer anymore so please be happy for me. 

My dear friends, I'm sorry for having been totally absent in the last months. I tried to push you away because I'm not anymore the person you loved. And I can't accept that, I can't accept my identity being stolen. Please forgive me. 

To you all, please: remember me for what I used to be before my deep depression. Remember my smile, my stupid jokes, my obsession with the guitar and music. Remember me as the person who you loved and who loved you so much.

A.L.