I can't wait till DecemberLong post, sorry! 

Life is so terribly annoying. I've attempted suicide 3 times when I was younger (I'm in my 20s now) and every time I think about how much I failed I get so pissed. But this time won't be the case! Compared to my last 3 attempts (and their reasonings behind them) this one will most definitely be success because of several reasons:


1) I've actually been more thoughtful about how I am planning on doing it (All my earlier attempts were by impulse)

2) My reason for wanting to kill myself now is more I would say "mature" compared to when I attempted before. To put it shortly, I realized that because of my circumstances in life and how fucked society and the world is, life is just going to be most likely shitty for me in the long run. I don't want to get older and constantly suffer with this shitty reality and how fucking idiotic and fucked up society that invalidates your hard work unless you're the ideal person because if you're not, of course your hard work means nothing!

3) It just have to happen at this point. Failure can't be an option, getting caught can't be an option.

4) I was suppose to kill myself around this time last year. I was so dead on doing it, I didn't have a thoroughly thought out plan but I was getting prepared for it. Unfortunately, my plan went fucking downhill. 


So because I was ready to die I started becoming more careless with my classes (also my GRE scores came out terrible that I just really needed to kill myself soon) that my professor for one of my classes had a meeting with me telling me that I might have to drop the class if I don't show up more. So I had an emotional breakdown about feeling suicidal in her office (I'm honestly open about me being suicidal because I would rather have people I know be aware of it so when it happens its not a shocker to people). She actually ended up forcing me to take therapy at our university (she even requested the therapist and all that). 


So I've been in therapy ever since and nothing has changed and honestly at times my therapist got somewhat emotional over my resistance to give up wanting to kill myself. I don't want medication because I just don't see the point and honestly I like my mental state and who I am as a person too much to risk changing that to feel less suicidal. Plus hearing from others experience it just seems like it will suck.


So technically I could have been killed myself because who cares about being forced into therapy? I can still kill myself if I want! 


So even after getting therapy I was still hell bent on killing myself but because my professor intervened I decided to just lay low about it until I had everything ready to. So while "waiting" I decided to just say "fuck it" and have some sort of fun before I killed myself and started using tinder seriously (I only really used for the fun of swiping). So this attractive guy actually ends up talking to me and asks me to come over and spend the night at his house. As sketchy it sounded to me at first I went ahead cause fuck it why not (and honestly if he ended being a nut case or something I would of been okay with getting killed, terrible I know lol). 


I wished I never did, it was the best experience I ever had in my life. So because I didn't give a shit about living I pretty much walked in with no expectations of what would happened and I didn't really care. We ended up having sex like six times! It was a really big deal to me because that was when I realized why sex is so important. I wasn't a virgin but my first was the shittiest at sex and was just a piece of shit in general (actually one of the reasons for my 2nd attempt) and was the last person I had sex with which was 2 years before I had sex with the other guy.


So after the first hook up I was just like "oh man that was so good" but I still was planning to kill my self because again, I didn't really care and I was expecting him to not really contact me afterwards. So all was still planned for me to end it.


Except not, we've actually been fuck buddies for over a year now and it's really interfering with my plan to kill myself. It's like holy shit sex with him is amazing and it keeps getting better that nowadays if I'm not having suicidal thoughts I'm having sexual thoughts about sex with him. It's fucking terrible because I think it's stupid to solely depend on hedonistic pleasure for giving you meaning in life. Like seriously every time I have a that impending thought to seriously kill myself whoosh! He hits me up we fuck and I'm happy as a bean for a good week or two. 


I can't do this anymore there is no point to this. I've thought about ending things with him but I can't because there's no reason to other than I just want to be able to kill myself! He's a cool guy and he's great in bed, and even when we have disagreements he apologizes when he's wrong so it's like....fuck he's not even that shitty of a person to drop. D:


So I'm planning on killing myself in December once I see whether my research project was accepted to this conference next year. If my fuck buddy ends things with me before that, that would be better so then I can just kill myself with more ease but I don't see that happen any time soon.


But man every day I just feel like I need to just be like fuck it and just kill myself already. I'm just such a mess. :S