I've really fucked up, and I'm realizing it 9-10 years late. I'm a fucking pathological liarI need to write this out here. I'm so embarrassed and this is the only way to get it off my conscience (planning to talk to my family next). It's been such an embarrassing situation that I've been sinking into a deep depression over it. I hate myself, I hate my the way I act, the way I treat people, the things I say, the things I make. I want to be different, now that I realize it. I'm 18 and it's just too late. I hope God really forgives me, whenever my end may come. I swear there's something good and honest in my heart.

For the last 9-10 years, I've felt that telling the truth makes me feel uncomfortable- and lying feels better. Even about stupid shit- "What did you eat this morning?" If I had eggs at home, I'd say I'd go to Dunken Donuts, etc. Stupid fucking shit like that. I don't know why, it was normal to me. Nobody other than my parents would call me out on my lies- although a few people have caught on but never accused me.

I've been doing it since I was little. I'm assuming it started because my parents (who, I feel like I will never be able to have a fully trusted relationship with either of them) were extremely strict in childhood- I had to lie to not get in trouble every week, it was the way out of life. It became normal.

I'm not going to lie, I feel like it's too late, and I'll never have a good relationship with anybody I've already met. I feel like I just really fucked up.

I love my parents so much- they do nothing but support whatever I want to do in my life. Paid for my college straight up, and are willing to do anything that will make me happy. They're amazing. And I've lied to them- to their face. While looking in their eyes. I disgust myself. I am the person nobody wants to have as a friend. I wouldn't want to have myself as a friend, let alone a son. I feel like I could be such a better man, like my father. Why am I like this?

I'm in a college that's not that hard- it's art school. I really like what I'm majoring in, but tell my parents it's "hard" and just slack off and smoke weed and feel better about myself, literally everyday. While I still will like pot regardless of my situation, it's my way out of feeling like trash. Even when I'm high I still catch myself lying. I slacked off in High School, too. I've never really made my parents proud, and I find that even more repulsive of myself. They put so much into me and I show them nothing. I'm a piece of shit.

I just wish I could go back to everybody I lied to and apologize. I went them to meet the real me. I want to start my life over again.

I've gone a full day without telling a single lie, I don't think anybody notices or cares. I feel like shit, now that I've realized what I am. Or was. I feel like I have no soul.