Euthanizing myselfI think it would be somehow kinda funny to do it on July 4th. Plus it gives me a month to consider it. Kinda really wanna do it sooner but I think I should probably think more about such a big decision. 

I've been alive for about 16 years now and I really haven't had much fun. This isn't a teenage hormone thing, I've wanted to kill myself since I was about eight. I already sort of tried once when i was 12. My life is actually pretty nice, I just have a lot of mental problems. Can't really recall many moments of happiness, much less any that weren't undercut by anxiety. And I know a characteristic of being depressed is not being able to look back fondly on your life, but when I'm not depressed I think the same thing. Except it's more along the lines of "at least I'm happy now," but that usually doesn't last very long. 

Anyway, I don't want to be alive anymore. Not that I ever enjoyed it much anyway. I mean it's not exactly like I have anything to compare it too, but you know. I used to think that everyone has equal amounts of pain and suffering in their lives but at this point it seems unlikely that the people I know, know intimately, or even know OF suffer as much as I do. Maybe that's ignorant and narcissistic, but from the information I've gathered observing and being involved in other people's lives, it's really how I feel.

Suicide has become less of something I consider out of despair and more of just a viable option for ending my suffering. I mean really, the only reason I've been alive up until now is just so I can see what happens next. So far I haven't been too impressed. I've seen all of the ways people's lives can end up and none of them are appealing enough to continuing living and working towards. Most people don't get what they wanted, and they die unfulfilled. Some people don't get what they wanted, but they get something just as good; they die wondering what it have been like if they had succeeded. You get what you wanted, and it's not what thought it was going to be; you die unfulfilled. You get what you want and it's exactly as great as you thought it would be; you have nothing left to do, and you die unfulfilled. It's probably not that simple at all and it's more of a combination of those feelings or something but either way not too great.

I've thought about my friends and parents. Who's to say they'll even exist after I'm gone? I mean probably but even so, I really don't feel like it's my problem. Am I selfish? Yeah probably. But I'm still not really convinced that's a bad thing. Why is it bad to only think of yourself? Why is suicide bad? No one has really explained those things to me in a satisfactory way. Been in therapy and on meds for 4 years and I still don't really get what's so great about being alive. So, goodbye! (?)  