I don't know how long I can or want to go onI'm in this state for now 8-9 years, wich is around half of my life. Officially (by my former therapist) I have chronical depression and BPD. I see no fun in life anymore really. I barely have frinds both irl and online. Maybe 3 irl  and 5 online? wich might sound like quite a bit but I wouldn't call any of them close, I just get better along with them than others. For the last 1-2 years I really considered ending it. I have no one close and everything just feel like shit. It feels like no one really cares about me. November last year I was planning to end it and wanted to before December but then there was a bright light. I found a girl who liked me and everything was perfect and I felt happy. My thoughts went back, I scratched the planes and everything was fine for the first time in my life that I can remember! But.. I wouldn't be here if it didin't went like shit again. She broke up with me, two weeks before our aniversairy, without any warning our of nowhere. I was destroyed and at the bottom. I cried for days and days, started hurting myself again, started drinking, I throw up multiple times a weak just cuz of bad feelings, I can't sleep but when I can, I just feel more exhausted and worse. It broke me inside, I felt like my life is a joke, which I still fell like rn. I had plans to end myself again but luckily I guess, I was too drunk to do it and I thought it might get better. Around the time of my original aniversairy with my ex, she found a new bf tho, a guy who liked her the whole time I was together with her. A few days after I found out and my parents weren't home for a few days, I tried killing myself but it didn't work out. I feel like shit and just want to cry. It's such a pain, seeing her happy with him hurts me and my brain just keeps thinking about them, them being togehter, them doing stuff, them cuddeling, them haing sex. I try to but my brain won't forget, won't think about other things. The few friends I have all are happy next to me, many with someone besides them. And as of right now, no one has time for me to talk to me. I'm just alone, trying to distract myself. I try to watch Anime which normally cheers me up but doesn't help at all. My favourite shows bore me and I find no joy. I try to play games, but... it's the same. I don't enjoy them, they're just a distraction so I don't think or try to kill myslef on the spot. I really don't know what to do anymore. I'm just a lifeless soul in this human vessel with no reason to be. Who would care, why would I care? I just feel like ending everything soon, I don't want this pain anymore, it's now almost 9 years I think and I don't want it anymore. I just want to feel happy or at least don't feel this pain anymore. I.. want someone there for me, something that cheers me up, a reason to go on.. just something