I found my 13 year old cousin's blog last week, and today it mentioned suicidal thoughts.  I had to do something about it.I've always fancied myself a great "net detective."  If it's on the internet, I can usually find it.   So, randomly, one night I typed my little cousin's name in.  First, I found her MySpace page that used her Japanese name (she's half Japanese).  I then Gooogled that name and discovered a question &amp; answer thing she did on some other sight and she mentioned her blog.

So, I stroll on over to her blog and I find typical teen angst.  Poetry and rants about how life is terrible, life is hard.  I almost feel guilty since this feels like reading a little girl's diary.  Then it starts to mention things like pounding her fist against the wall until her knuckles bleed, followed by how she sympathizes with suicidal people.  Then she starts to mention how death isn't so bad, since she'd be dead, she wouldn't be around to feel the remorse of taking her own life.

What scared me is that I used to have the exact same thoughts, almost verbatim, when I was her exact same age (down to the month).

I called the one person I know who's dealt with this in the past, my mother.  She tells me to call her parents ASAP (her father is my cousin, so technically, this girl is my second cousin).  I do, I explain to her mother what I saw, and listening to the despair in her mother's voice is just heartbreaking.  I had to be the one to tell her that her little girl wants to take her own life.

Her mother tells me this is a total shock to her.  She had sent her daughter to therapy, but was given a clean bill of "mental health" and hasn't been back in six months.  

I told her about my experiences, how my calls for help at her age were heard by my parents and something was done, how my life was changed and how I was able to eventually see my depression for what it was - an illness that can be treated and not the end of the world as I saw it at the time.

I know she'll probably be mad at me for a while.  She might even hate me.  But as I see it, I would take a bullet for this girl if it meant saving her life, so her hating me is a small price to pay.

**tldr; IF YOU SEE THE SIGNS, DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT!!!**