I've been diagnosed with autism and I am going to kill myself.Due to trauma and mental health issues that I began to experience at fourteen, I never was able to develop life management and personal skills. I'm twenty-four now, and I was just diagnosed with autism. Despite my abusive mother and dysfunctional family, I was quite functional and overall happy before my life began to fall a part. I had many friends, got my learner's driving license and a summer job at at fourteen, and things were okay. Though, I guess what I had been doing throughout most of my childhood and adolescence was hold in all of my autistic traits, repressing myself and my emotions. 

This, along with the stress of dealing with my family, blew up in my face when I was fifteen, and I developed a severe case of bulimia which quickly took over my life. Basically all l I did, everyday for years, was binge eat and then purge. I spent thousands and thousands of dollars; both my own money and my parent's money. I lost all of my friends, my motivation for life, my hopes. People that knew me, who used to be my friends, talked about me amongst themselves, saying that my life was ruined. At one point, I was the butt of those people's jokes, where they would say "Hey, at least your life isn't as fucked up as flamingtrashmonster's!" I lost the ability to do much of anything at all, and by eighteen I was constantly drunk and bingeing and purging; I was kicked out of my family's home and lived alone in a barren apartment filled with food wrappers and empty bottles. 

And it just sucks, because if it had been realized that I was autistic when I was a child, this all could have been avoided. But now the demands of recovery are far too great for me to manage. My diagnosis of autism basically tells me that what I need to do to "get better" is a fuck ton of work that I don't even think is possible. I am going to kill myself, because I cannot live like this any longer. I'm doing much better than when I was eighteen; I'm in school, I can function at a certain level and meet some demands of life, but I still feel and act so fucked up. And this is because I am fucked up. I'm fucked up and it's not ever going to go away or get better; life is and will only be pain with a few moments of happiness thrown in at times.