i've never done this before..i don't know how to start this.  but i guess i'll start off with that i'm sixteen, i'm bipolar, suicidally depressed and in need of help.  i've never done something like this at all, nor have i ever opened up about my feelings.  i've kept them inside for sixteen years.. but things are getting harder and what could it hurt to tell someone?  so basically, i've been depressed as long as i can remember, all my life i've never felt satisfied with myself or that i've ever achieved anything good, i feel like i really have no purpose and that.... my death would benefit everyone else here.  i don't have a desire to live really, i have put myself down everyday so long that is has stuck, shot my self-esteem to pure shit.  i don't have many friends maybe three or four?  but they're not close friends at all, they would laugh at me if i told them anything like this, they constantly put me down by saying i'm gay, ugly, fat, can't play hockey, should get a hair-cut cause i look like a fag, should stop wearing a necklace cause i look like a fag, can't play guitar etc. etc. i know, i need better friends, but there really aren't much good people out there anymore.  i'm home-schooled, but i barely do my work because i think, "what's the point? i'll never go anywhere good in life", i don't do much all day, don't even work because i'm a total social reject and hate interactions strangers and am scared of the world and everyone in it.  when my dad insults me, or my mother calls me fucking stupid, an idiot, asks me why i've done something wrong i did etc. i stay up all night and cry, asking god why he made me.  apparently, there's a reason for everything and everyone has a purpose?  well, what's mine?.. i don't want to keep waiting and sinking deeper into depression i can't do it for much longer.  i have had an addiction to painkillers for about two years, (is this irrelevant?) and it sucked, but it was the only thing that gave me slight happiness.  i've been clean for three months with no help from anyone.  i have NO source of happiness what-so-ever.  thing is, i want a better life, i want to be happy, i want a change, i have no motivation to do anything..  reddit, you are the only people in the world who know this.  

EDIT: Jesus Christ.  I'm in tears here, i didn't know so many people actually cared about me.  This is overwhelming.  I love you guys.

EDITEDIT: Thank you all so much. Earlier today, about an hour after i wrote this, my mother spent about two hours pointing out about every flaw I have and it made me want to kill myself more than ever.  But I have faith in you guys and I'm trusting you all with my life.   I am going to try my hardest to overcome this all.