Not really sure I have any other optionFirstly, I feel completely stupid even posting here in the first place. I've been thinking about suicide for years and years. I've always had something planned (when I say planned, I mean, something to postpone dying for), a next life event to wait for (holiday, college, moving, etc) but now they're about to run out. I don't know if I would actually kill myself, but I'm convinced that one day I'm going to wake up and realize I should have done it years ago.

See, the thing is, I broke the law (years ago). In a serious way. I was convicted of a very serious crime. It's amazing that I didn't spend any time in prison. If you ask any reasonable person, they'd tell you that I should be in prison now.

But I'm not a bad person. I have excuses as to why I broke the law, and I also don't think that what I was convicted of is truly indicative of what I did, but at the same time I don't think anyone could ever justify what I was a party to.

So now I'm up against a wall. I moved. Changed name. Tried to get on with life. I had a girlfriend who I met after the crime was committed, but before the court proceedings. We stayed together long after it was all over. She knew about it all. We broke up a while ago.

Since moving to the other side of the country I have made new friends, have a new girlfriend, and am at the end of college (2nd time around). My life here is completely separate from my old life, which has my family and old friends. My current girlfriend has never met my family, and it's long past the point at which she should have. I can't continue a relationship with her and not tell her about my past, but if I tell her then we are finished (definitely). Also, by telling her, my friends here will find out, and I will lose them too.

I am about to finish college, and to get any job in my field of study requires a background check.

So this is where I am; friends/partners will never stick around if they know about my past, and I will soon have to face the reality that I am near-unemployable based on my past.

I don't want to die, but I don't want to end up old, pathetic, and lonely.

I've read several times that if you are truly ready for suicide, then you should realise that you are free, and have nothing to lose. I feel like in my situation I have everything to lose (and will lose it), and nothing to gain. This is most likely the high water mark in my life, so I would rather go now, rather than in 20 years time, long after I've had time to muse over my ruined life.

Not sure what I'm expecting. I've never had this discussion (or even breathed a word to another about it) before. Thanks for listening, Reddit.