última nota (last note)I have left this writing to express the reasons that have led me to make this decision. Things that no one can confess or that if they were to confess will not be taken seriously and would be mocked. It is not something that has emerged in a matter of months, much less days. This I have been able to feel little by little, even see and feel, since I began to have a little judgment.

Life always seemed mysterious to me, it is something that defies the infinite uncertainty of things; it is a ray of light in the immense darkness. This situation is not entirely graceful, in fact it soon becomes quite miserable. The individual challenge always ends up being useless with the looming of death, but life itself, as a whole, persists in vain. The course of life seemed futile, inert and bland. A vicious circle that aims to continue life itself through generations. Everything that is done daily, unconsciously fulfills a purpose that obeys life, its perpetuity. Soon I was immersed in rot and "spiritual" misery.

Not everyone can perpetuate it, in fact, nature has developed different mechanisms in each species that ensure that those that continue it are those that possess (genetic) characteristics that meet the needs that life demands of them, in order to avoid the annihilation of the species and being able to obey the will of life. Those who do not comply are ruthlessly discarded. As if his existence had represented a simple error, worthy of a spit. They are here only to experience rejection and misery. The worst corresponds to them almost as a right. If they were to make the mistake of recklessly breeding offspring, they would also fall into misery except for a few rare cases. 

In the end our purpose in this world is only a valid one. The one to reproduce. Everything else lies in the human imagination that paradoxically was given to us as a tool for survival but that, through the years, acquired other uses that mock life itself. Becoming an artist, for example. By the way, I want to say that there have been characters who have transcended all this crap and have been able to see beyond this torment. They are truly wise and reach unimaginable confines for the average subject. These subjects are rare and not all enjoy such a release. All the rest of us obey the will to live, sublime and omnipresent.

My consciousness was realizing this foolish matter. I also became aware of my shortcomings and about the place I occupy on this earth. Everything I did on a daily basis was acquiring a bitter taste. Nothing that used to bring me joy does it anymore. The only moments that bring me peace, even if only for a few seconds, is to listen to a piece of art, sometimes the evening cloudscape, some tree frolicking to the rhythm of the wind, the song of the birds and the sky, with its clouds by the day and stars at night. Nature so ruthless is also giver of the most beautiful events that my senses can perceive, even so, despair makes none of this achieve comfort me anymore.

It's funny to hear well-adjusted people talk about their false morals, slapstick such as: beauty is subjective, we are all smart in our own way, God loves us all and has a purpose for us all, etc. The hypocrisy is so obvious and its irony sickens me. It is repeated so much that it is socially wrong to deny such statements when in reality their rejection and their passive contempt for people inferior to them is evident.

This world turned out to be absurd, insignificant and full of bestiality, in the end we are only animals, and just as the weak and maladjusted animal is abandoned and left to die, the human does exactly the same, but tries to justify it with facades and false statements about why we should not do it, when in reality it is done in a subtle and passive way. Christianity represents a false refuge, comforts and gives false hope to the miserable condition of life. This world is not for us.

Personally I have failed and I have been discarded, in this life all I can experience is failure, alienation and pain. My mental abilities are weak. I am not strong, cunning, and much less attractive to my kind. Biologically there is no purpose that I can fulfill. I have stopped moving, if I ever moved forward. Nature has done with me what it should do. My mental faculties have been declining. In this state there is nothing I can experience other than suffering. And I am almost sure that there is no way out of this abyss. It is evident that something inside me no longer works or never worked. I never knew at what moment I began to descend into this deep abyss. Totally unable to modify it, my mind has become a place where desolation and hopelessness dominate in perpetuity. If I can find something to entertain myself it will always be for the benefit of those who are very well adapted to life's struggles. There are people who abandon their worth by giving up their servitude. I am one of those people. I am not able to conquer myself or my environment. There is nothing for me in this world.