I´m not a person who deserves happiness.I don´t even know where to begin and I´m sorry if this just sounds like rambling nonsense but I just feel so worthless and pathetic I just have to say something. I´m a senior in high school and I´m close to graduating and going to college but I just feel like I´m being hit with so many things and I can´t take it anymore. A little background, I dated my first love in freshman year for awhile but we broke it off during the sophomore year because I said some dumb stuff. This was my first real encounter with depression and suicidal feelings and I just felt so defeated and worthless that I began acting out, especially towards the girl I broke up with. I would act like a complete jackass to her, pushing her into lockers and all of that abusive stuff. At the time, I was so angry with her that I didn´t recognize those actions as harmful to her and I didn´t see myself as an abuser(I do now and I do genuinely feel remorse for what I did). For awhile through high school, I was so depressed that I didn´t do a lot of things normal high schoolers do(partying, etc) so I didn´t make a ton of friends or connections with other people. Sometime later, an old friend of mine reached out to me and we started to hang out and get close and it was really nice to have someone I could talk to when I needed it. This friend was known as a big party girl and kind of abrasive to other people, but I knew she was a good person so I looked past all of that stuff and we still stayed good friends even if I wasn´t into drugs like she was. Anyway, I was feeling pretty good for awhile during my senior year(now) as I was recently accepted to Colorado State and received a pretty hefty scholarship which was great because I come from a single parent house and my mom works three jobs so I can go to college. Then out of the blue, my ex-girlfriend texts me and TALKS to me, like actually speaks to me and enjoys talking to me and I was just so happy to talk to her again that I couldn´t help but think that maybe she misses me or something like that but I play it cool and we keep talking for awhile and things are going great. But like all things in my life, I fuck it up and push the people I love away from me. See, there was this event at my school and my ex was really passionate about it so I volunteered to help set it up. It was basically this three day thing where they invite other schools to come to ours and talk about stuff. The problem was that my mother was out of town the weekend of the event and my other friend was throwing a free(it was his birthday) on the second night at the event so I went there to hang out or whatever. So at this point, I was drinking pretty heavily and having a good time until someone told me that the event went to the next day(I completely forgot about it honestly) so I left to get some sleep but I knew I fucked up by getting so drunk. So the next day I was hungover as shit and I was texting my ex telling her that I´m trying as hard as I can to get there but I just couldn´t get out of bed. Later that day she told me how disappointed she was that I blew the event off and that we should stop talking and goddamnit my heart just fell. The worst of that is that I can´t even blame this on anyone else it was all my own dumbass fault and I shouldn´t have been so dumb. I gave it a week until I texted her again, this time I begged her to give a second chance which she relunctly gave. Things were ok and we slowly getting back that rhythm we had before and I was starting to feel happier again. At least until spring break, we were both going on trips(she to Mexico, me to Colorado) when she straight up asks me whether I liked her or not. I didn´t want to lie to her so I said I wasn´t sure. The reason I said this was because I did like her and thought we could get together in January when we first started talking but after my fuck up in February, I knew that I wasn´t good enough for her and I was fine with just being her friend and just talking to her. After that, she said she didn´t want to keep getting hurt by me and said she doesn´t want to talk to me anymore and this time I knew it was for real and my heart just broke I felt so bad. Fast forward to this past Friday, I go hang out with this friend that I mentioned earlier to do whatever. My mother was already suspicious of her because she looked at her facebook profile and thought she was a slut and stuff like that(my mother is an old-fashioned Carribean mother) but she let me go. So I leave and meet up with her and her boyfriend and we shoot the shit and she offers me some Xanax, something that I´ve never taken before but I was already feeling pretty down so I said why not and took two. For awhile I felt normal but after an hour or so(my perception of time gets REAL fuzzy around here) and I remember us agreeing to go to some bar or something I´m not sure. I definitely took more than I should have because I only have five memories of that night; walking with my friends, feeling woozy at the bar/restaurant, being in a cab, being yelled at by my mom, and then the hospital. Now, my mom is colossally angry and she screamed and cursed at my friend for being a whore and for getting me so fucked up(it wasn´t her fault, it was mine for taking more than I should have) and now she has forbidden me from ever seeing my friend again. For the past two days she´s just been yelling at me for being so fucking stupid and I just feel like such garbage but I don´t want to cry in front of her because she might beat the shit out of me so I just stare at the wall holding my dog(the only person I love more than anyone else, he is my constant in my shitty life) and took away my phone so I can´t talk to my friend. My mother got so mad she even went to the police to have them arrested that´s how much she hates my friend and I have no idea what to do because I really don´t want my friend to get arrested for my fuck up. I´m sorry if this all sounds like nonsense I just really want to talk to someone, I feel like I could cry so much. I just want to die so badly I have nothing left in me.