I really have no idea how to keep going at this point.*I originally posted this in r/depression, but seems more fitting here at this point* 

I'm really not sure where to start here, I honestly never thought I'd reach such a low pathetic point that I'd end up doing this but here we are.
I've hated myself almost entirely for a very long time, but it's just gotten worse of late. I despise everything about myself in every way, I feel completely worthless and worse than that I cannot imagine any future in which I am not consumed by depression and hate. The only thing I had to help me through this was drugs and I've run out with no way to get any more for at least a while and I just don't know if I can make it without them.
I don't sleep until I'm so exhausted I just pass out, because all I can think about is at all times is how I will never be happy, the stupid dreams I have will never come true. Every time I see myself in the mirror it just amplified it all to an absolute maximum, I just see the pathetic ugly fat fuck that I am staring back at me, with no reason to stay alive other than fear of ending it.
All I really want in life, is some degree of financial security, a place to live away from the family that were mentally abusive my entire childhood, and a woman to fall in love with, or more accurately a woman that could actually love me. That last one is really all I've wanted for a long time. It just feels so unattainable, so completely unrealistic that anyone of the opposite sex could ever bare to be near me for any amount of time, or that anyone, full stop, could see anything but a worthless ugly fat loser when they look at me.
This shit just hits me so fucking hard, so fucking often that it just knocks me out. All I can see is the obstacles, I keep climbing and climbing and scrambling for some semblance of sanity, some imitation of 'normality' it eludes me without fail.
I guess, I just can't imagine any possible scenario where I could get any of these simple things, where I could be happy at all for any sustained period of time and when there's nothing but an endless exhausting climb in front of me, I'm not sure I have the energy to climbing when I can look for as far as I can possibly see without an end to this grueling struggle.
I know this is too long, and nobody will read it, but I guess I just needed to write it.