I think, one day, this will kill me.I’m not really sure how to put any of this in to words, so please forgive me if it doesn’t quite make sense. 

I’m not quite sure this is the right place either, since the thoughts I’m having at the moment are only passive.

I’ve struggled with suicidal thoughts since I was 14ish. I made a couple of attempts when I was younger but, looking back, I think they were more of a cry for help situation.

Over the last 2? years, things got worse, to points where it felt like suicide was the only rational way out. I had plans and wrote notes and prepared everything, ready to go. Things made sense once I’d made the decision to leave.

In February of this year, I set a day and had everything ready. I don’t quite remember how it happened, but my local mental health team found me before I did anything and told me I needed to go to hospital. They said it would be for a few days, but I was there for nearly 2 weeks.

Things were a bit better after that. I had new medication that I had been using long enough to start working and, while I still had thoughts to end my life, it wasn’t an immediate risk.

The service I’m with made some changes and are working on a new diagnosis. In theory, that should mean I might get support better suited to me.

Things are still better than they were, but I am noticing that I am having more thoughts recently. I’m not sure where they’re coming from or if they’re even real. I’m not sure if my beliefs are based on fact or whether it’s a sign that things are starting to get to that ‘people say this is not rational but I think it is’ point.
One in particular, at the moment, is that I believe this will kill me one day. I don’t know when and I don’t know what ‘this’ even is, but it’s something I can’t shift at all.

I know that it’s not helpful to think like that, and that it risks being a self fulfilling prophecy. I feel like I can’t help it.

I feel like I’m constantly waiting for things to get worse again. I keep wondering when things will hit me like that again and all these passive thoughts become active ones. I know that it will, because it has done so many times already. It gets worse and more real every time, and I’m not sure how many more I can survive. I think in the next few times that I get like that, it will kill me. 

I know it’s counterproductive and I know how by expecting it, it makes it more likely. I’m kind of okay with that. 

I don’t want to be in that place again and I don’t want to be like this at all, but quite a lot of me does. When I’m like that, everything makes sense. It means that there’s a way out.

I don’t know what sort of person that makes me, to wish that for myself. I’m not sure it matters.

I should be grateful that things are not as bad as they have been, but I can’t stop wondering when they will be that bad again.

I’m not sure what to do. I’m not sure it’s serious enough to mention. I don’t know what any of it means. I don’t know if this is how it starts. I don’t remember.