An email I sent to an NGO a while back.Hi,
Am writing this to you because you may be the only person I can write to that understands what am going through.
Later on today, I'll be turning down a girl that likes me alot simply because I don't want to burden her with my issues.
I like her too btw.
Issue 1: I've screwed up a lot in my life and there's no way I'll graduate on time.
Issue 2: As well as girls I like boys too. Deal breaker for her. Also, don't want to hurt her down the line when she finds out.
Issue 3: Am suicidal. I have said thoughts a lot.

How do all three issues relate?
I was a bright kid, made it to a top 5 national school. I had to start being an adult at 14. Dad taking loans, I'd very little to spend in school. Other well of kids, sons of ministers had a lot. Wanted to be like them. I started noticing boys. I became confused. I couldn't concentrate on my books anymore. Bad report cards, dissapointed parents, my body responding to the touch and thought of both boys and girls.

I wasn't good out of class too. Didn't have many friends, became very angry too fast for no reason.
Anyway, I made it to university.
I took the course the govt assigned me. 
Now I was an adult, so drugs, alcohol, bad decisions, missing classes and cats. Passing the units I went to class to and actually liked the lecturer. Above average tho. 
Fast forward to 2019. I nailed my work experience. Came back for the last year, Covid happened. Results of the first sem are back before we can do the 2nd sem exams.
Failed three. THREE.
back to my suicidal thoughts. Previously, I wanted to kill myself because of my sexuality and being poor. 
Now I want to kill myself because I won't amount to anything.
The sad thing is, I've tried once. 9 sleeping pills (portion) and 300ml Sprite. I woke up 21 hours later groggy and tired.
I won't fail this time around tho.
I am not going to graduate, 16 years down the drain, I am bi, and a loser.
Am not equipped for manual labour( am weak) I don't know anyone, I don't have anything saved up.
I hate myself.
That's not all of it, I don't want to bore you with the surgeries I had as a kid,  how I've had to beg for essential stuff from my own family while my family's golden goose my brother 10 years older than me gets handed whatever he wants.
No I won't bore you with those parts.

PS: I also recently remembered my eldest brother by 13 years touching me when I was kid. He was already 18. I can't tell anyone because it's been so long and nobody could believe me. And the rest of the results came back I failed more units in the final year. So it's official am not graduating, am a waste of space and I need to die ASAP.

Thanks for reading, or perusing real quick. Am sure you receive tons of this everyday.
I just wanted to tell someone that would understand.

Kind regards.