What should I put here?Hi.
I don't really know where to start. The reason why I'm here must be pretty obvious, and I don't think I have anybody that I could talk to IRL about such a thing. 
It might be a long post, for which I apologise in advance. 
First of all, I wanted to give you a bit of background.
Sorry for any mistakes I might have made, grammar never has been my strong point in English.
I'm 17, male, living in Kraków, Poland. I'm sitting in my room, drinking a bottle of wine that I bought for myself about 3 weeks ago - it helps me with my mood a bit. I think. It probably doesn't.
It's 4:09 AM here already..
I've used to visit this subreddit every time suicidal thoughts would come to my mind and it has always helped me, but now I felt that I have to post, otherwise I would implode. 

Why am I thinking of suicide?
Quite frankly, that's a tough question for me to answer. 
My past 3 years have been the shitties of all. 
My love life is pretty much non-existant at this point (I know, it sounds strange when a 17-year old talks about his love-life, but bear with me, please).
Even tough It never has been good in said love-life, I always had some girl that was, let's say "Plan B" and "C", and "D".. I used those backup plans quite often, as nothing I have planned worked out well for me. 
But as of now there is no plan "B". There isn't even plan "A" left. 
My "relationships" always ended the same way - me, drunk as fuck calling her at night, or trying to stand up straight outside of her window.
But probably the worst thing was, when it occured to me, that my ex is at the same newyear (2012) party as me. I was having fun before that, and the party for me ended, I kid you not, in a gutter. 
I just can't make anything happen, I'm usually silent and ankward, only alcohol can change that and I feel like I've been abusing it a bit lately. 

My parents? 
My father just doesn't give a shit, I see him maybe once a month if I'm lucky. And he lives in the same, goddamn city!
Get this, reddit - I have a "sister" (I mean he has another kid, with another woman) and he never cared to tell me that I have one. And she's 4 years older than me, for crying out loud.

My mother works hard to support me and herself, she's out of the house quite often.

I basically have no real friends, except for one. But she has listened to me so many times I wouldn't want to bother her with such a burden. 

But I had enough of nothing coming out right in my life, of getting laughed at and beaten up as a kid, of all that shit that I had to put up with.

So, I made up my mind - I have thought about the best way to do it many times, I analysed all the options and chose the best one.
I've done the thinking about 3 weeks ago, but still couldn't actually do it. 

But after writing that, I think I'm ready. There's this one last thing I want to do, before going away, and since we're in the "safe place" now I think it's okay to say. 
I never did drugs, except for marijuana, but I wanted to see how cocaine feels. So I've managed to set some up for me, once I get it and use it (a week from now, probably), I think it'll be time to finally do it. 

Thanks for putting up with my bullshit throughout the whole post. 