Best practices for helping someone who has already attempted?So I am in a group of three individuals working on a project in a university class and I reached out to my professor today to see what has happened to one of the individuals who has completely dropped off the map in the class. I sort of figured that since this individual was in a different major and didn't really need this class to graduate, they may feel indifferent to putting their full effort in or have dropped the class. This individual had expressed continuously that the workload they have due to their major (one of the top departments in the country) has them staying up almost every night. 

Fast forward about 8 hours and I get a message on Facebook telling me that I deserve to know why this individual has been missing lately from class and that it may be something overwhelming. I calmly replied that if they felt comfortable telling me I was willing to listen; although I had a thought in my head that something may have happened with their family. I was then told that this individual had attempted suicide by overdosing on sleeping pills, and then I had an instinct to not be judgmental and just listen to what they had to say. After some further discussion I informed this individual that I would love to sit down in person and offer an ear if they would like to. This individual agreed and told me that I was the second person to know about the attempt, the first being the professor; and I was asked to keep this private from everyone else.

Now I could care less about their involvement in the class, I truly feel like I should try to help as best I can. I don't really know this individual all that much other than they have a really bright future ahead of them once they finish up college in several months. I originally thought about talking to my girlfriend about this but then I remembered that Reddit has a lot of experience in various fields and then I found this subreddit. 

My question: What are some key things that I should acknowledge when I meet with them tomorrow? Are there any specific practices for those who have already attempted suicide?

TL;DR: Meeting with a pseudo-stranger that has already attempted suicide to lend an ear; would like some pointers.