I'd rather die than grow oldI turn 20 in four months and I have never felt worse than I do right now. Throughout my childhood, I went through poverty and was routinely abused by my father in cocaine-fueled rampages. He would later go on to ditch my mother, brother and I for drugs, moving several cities away.

A few years later, he returned sober, but acted just as badly if not worse; destroying property, continuing to beat my family and I,  and later becoming addicted to alcohol. This abuse made my mom deeply overprotective and slightly mentally unstable, so I was never allowed to leave the house. For a period of nine years or so, she and I never left other than occasionally to pay bills or get groceries when my dad was unable to - I also couldn't go into the yard unsupervised, close my door, etc. and was told that they had installed a camera in my room to make sure I wasn't doing anything I shouldn't.

During my early adolescence I began to realize that I was different from other children my age, and started pretending to be a girl in online communities because it made me feel at peace with my identity. Later on, I'd realize I was transgender. Shortly thereafter I met someone who changed my life in a lot of ways, and we pursued a long-distance relationship before breaking up in March of 2016. This was nearly unbearable, and while we're still good friends now I feel like my life is dissolving when I think about how much I miss being in a relationship with her.

Over the course of that relationship, my family's finances utterly collapsed, and we moved at least four times within the span of a year because my dad was too addicted to alcohol and the internet to actually work. I began to lose any sense of permanence to my home, feeling like each one was just another stop on an endless struggle. By this point, the abuse and trauma had severely damaged my ability to function as a normal person, leaving me as a mentally unstable, manic-depressive clusterfuck who was incapable of doing anything beyond sleeping, breathing, talking on Skype (sometimes,) and playing video games. Around this time I also made the excellent decision of coming out to my family, and considering I live in the southeast US, you can imagine how that went! 

Shortly after we moved into a new home, in June of 2016 (a few months after the breakup) my dad went out to pick my brother up from work blackout drunk. After nearly getting in a wreck, weaving in and out of traffic, etc. my brother had had enough and called him out when they got home - in response, my dad began to violently beat him, and my mom got between the two becoming seriously injured in the process. As my brother escaped, my dad pulled a knife on my mom before locking himself in the bathroom, threatening to slit his throat so we could be happy. We all locked ourselves in my brother's bedroom and called my uncle to escort my father out, and I haven't seen him since (despite hundreds of phone calls and plenty of threatening voice mails.)

After this incident, we moved... again, and finally, things in my life started looking up. I met another girl online, fought tooth and nail against my mom to get my ID, and finally managed to get a job. Of course, it was my luck for all of it to come crashing down immediately - I got fired for making a minor mistake, I ran out all my money, and I was ditched by the girl. I had to exile myself from a shared community for several months because I was scared of upsetting her with my presence, and I've had an unspeakable amount of drama involving her since then leading to her current girlfriends despising me. The best part? The home we were staying in, a property owned by my aunt... her daughter wanted to destroy it and get a new home built on the land. So, we had to move out on short notice, and since then have been living in a hotel and barely scraping by with all of our stuff in storage. Additionally, lung problems that had  gone into remission (I had chronic bronchitis for ten years) are resurfacing.

The way in which I got ditched by the aforementioned girl *severely* fucked me up, leading me to become even less mentally healthy than before and basically absolutely incapable of functioning in any way.

I came close to dying several times, both from accidents and suicide, and now I'm really wishing it would've actually happened. With my birthday around the corner, all I can think about is how utterly pointless life is. Everything I do, and my entire existence will all eventually be forgotten. I had no happy childhood or teenage years to speak of, I'm feeling borderline like I need to age regress to deal with trauma and feel safe, and I am fucking terrified of getting older or changing at all. I wish I could stop time and never have to deal with growing older or any adult responsibilities, I feel like my soul wasn't built for this world and I'm too fragile to function in it. 

I'm so fucking lonely and scared and I just want to go back in time, any time before now would be better than this. I have no social life, I have no ability to maintain a social life, and I have 10, maybe 15 years left to gain happiness and then 40-50 until I stop existing altogether and everything I futilely struggled for fades into oblivion along with my consciousness - that is, if I'm fucking lucky. Although I have spiritual beliefs, I don't consider myself a Christian in the slightest; but because of the way I was raised I have this fucking petrifying fear in the back of my head that I'm going to go to Hell for being a non-believer no matter what I do, no matter how virtuous of a life I live, etc. On top of that, heart disease and Alzheimer's run in my family, so my old years are going to be super miserable! Thank god.

I haven't done anything really in about eight days other than lay in the bed and hurt. Nothing makes me happy anymore - no websites, no movies, no television, no video games, not talking to anyone, nothing - and I still have no freedoms, as if I was a fucking child.

I just want to fucking die. Nobody is going to ever love me like my first girlfriend, I'll never get to be young again, there are no do-overs, there's a time limit on everything that makes me happy, and nothing fucking matters.
