Gay High school stud problemsI know this might sound dumb or stupid. But let me tell you my problem.

I know this country (US) is becoming more liberal and more people are accepting of homosexuality. But I can’t come to accept it. When i was younger, I would be extremely anxious of my surrounding. Being gay, just made me more self conscious of what people thought of me. Sometimes i wish I wasn’t gay or just living in general. Please don’t tell me to seek therapy help or some National Suicide hotline bullshit. I went to several therapies because i dropped out of school, my freshman year of high school. I eventually fell into the epidemic of pills and I‘ve been slowly dying ever since. I eventually went back to school because i felt it was a waste of my good grades. But I never got better both emotionally and mentally. I always felt sad although having a large social group to talk to, I never would be able to express my feelings. Now 2 years later, i became a lot worse. I’ve attempted suicide once and ended up in the ER because i overdosed on pills. I dated a couple of guys but would be too afraid to come out. The relationships came to end because I would eventually shut myself out. Would it be pussy to say i just want to end it? I know being gay isn’t a big deal but coming from an Asian Christian household makes a big difference. (Not saying its any easier it for every other race). If my parents were at least accepting or a bit understanding, my life would be better. But I feel hopeless and stuck in this ongoing cycle. The ongoing cycle would be going to school, coming home, doing homework, then studying. What kind of shitty ass life is that. What the fuck is the point of this when I don’t want to live. Throughout highschool I did alright in school, although being on drugs constantly. But my grades aren’t enough or enough motivation to keep from going. Please don’t take this as a suicide note but more as a cry for help.

You guys can say I’m seeking attention, I’ll respect your opinion. But please notice that I’m not. I just want some help.