I could use some help understanding my thoughtsDepression isn't new to me, my first suicide attempt was at 14 years old. This might be a long post, I'm pretty wasted right now but I want to share my thoughts with anyone who will read them. I know I want to die, but there's a lot I'm unsure about. Backstory first though.

I've never really had friends, but I've always had lots of bullies. School was hell, I never really had a best friend. I was part of a group, but I was the kid they kept around to make fun of. High school was worse. I had a taste of having a real friend group, but drama happened and then I was not only alone, but ignored. I used to drive my car to parking lots during lunch so I would at least have somewhere to be. Summers sucked, I got sent to sleepaway camp despite being fat and hating sports, so I got picked on relentlessly and didn't even have the safety of home. 

That all changed though when I got my first girlfriend. It was so strange to feel like somebody cared about me. I lost weight, started caring about the future, went to school to get a career moving. We were both the friendless loner types, and we became codependant. I didn't care. We had eachother, what else did we need? Sure we had problems, but nothing we couldnt worth through. We were going to be together forever. That was when I was 16.

Now I'm 21. She's moved 5 times since we've been together, further and further everytime. I went to college for a while, but I was determined to make it work. We both have histories of depression too I should add. Sorry if this story jumps around. I'm editing spelling but not much else. Either way, she drops it on my one day that she's not happy. I learn she's been flirting with other guys, and when I confront her, she acts like she's sorry and all that. A week later, she asks for an open relationship. I couldn't deal. It was supposed to be me and only me, why would she want anyone else? She said she wanted to be together forever. But now she says I'm not making her happy. I live 2 hours away, she works 48 hour weeks, it's too difficult. She's making friends now, she has guys all over her convincing her to leave me to be with them. A 26 year old (she's 19) succeeded, it was him she wanted to be with. I wanted to make it work, I was willing to do anything. Love is love, right? Apparently not. She said it was over.

So now here I am. I just graduated my vocational school. I only went so I had the grounds to have a career to support our life together. Now I don't care at all. I don't enjoy what I'm doing, I never did, but it was money so we could have a place together. I have no friends. I've tried reconnecting with people I used to talk to, but it's all so superficial. Either it's a short conversation and they never message me again, or they don't respond. I try to go out and meet people, I tried tinder just to have some conversation, but the more I try, the more I realize how pointless it is.

I've started realizing that I don't actually care about being happy. I just want to be dead. The only reason I'm trying to be happy is because I'm scared of what my death will do to my family. My mom died when I was young, so I don't want to put my dad, step mom, and 3 younger siblings through my death also. But what am I supposed to do? Everyday I wish some accident would come my way. Or that I'll stop caring what my family thinks. Instead I just blow my money on booze and hope maybe one day she'll say she was wrong and come back to me. But it would never be the same. I'm terrified. I called the suicide hotline before and wow what a joke. I was on hold for 45 minutes and the person didn't really address what I was saying. I want to feel like someone genuinely cares about me as much as I care about them. Don't give me that usual online rando you still care or glade you're still here bullshit either. I just want opinions, maybe some advice. Thanks for reading my incoherent ramble.