day one of anti depressant withdrawalI was offered a Xanax in place of my medication today. It was the first one I’ve taken, and I took it at the peak of my shift. I didn’t have the lingering anxiety I always have at work, so that’s a plus. I worked my 8 hours. Felt...fine? Although, the problem started to accumulate once I got home. I began feeling lethargic; so tired I could barely talk or think. I went to lay in bed, and physically felt as if I sank into the mattress and couldn’t move. At this point, I felt my depression overcoming me. I knew I would be having a terrible next couple of days after this, and there was nothing I could do to even prepare for it. I was stuck. I recall calling my roommate, telling them the situation that was taking over me. They proceeded to tell me there was nothing they could do to help me. After that? Darkness. I blacked out. Once I woke up, it was midnight. I was frantic &amp; in all honesty confused why I didn’t have any missed calls or messages. I sent a text to my roommate asking him why he hadn’t checked up on me in the last 4 hours, only to get the response, “what? I just talked to you on the phone 30 minutes ago.” It then clicked. 
I looked through my calling history... 4 calls to roommate...3 calls to my ex....5 calls to my dad..oh god. What did I say? 
I was informed that I confessed to my dad about my only relieving thought being is that I could kill myself at any time I wished to. What parent thinks that’s the call they’re going to get from their child that they haven’t heard from in weeks? 
At this time, I still don’t know what I had said to my ex, which makes me severely anxious.
Well. Here I am. Past midnight. Trying to catch up on everything I needed to do today... definitely not looking forward to waking up at 630 AM for my opening shift. 
I feel absolutely awful. Drained. Nauseous. Anxious. Physically and mentally incapacitated. I’m so afraid of what my next few days...weeks...MONTHS...hold. Can I please just shake the hand of death? 