I'm not suicidal, but I need some help and advice...I really hate living at home with my parents. I'm 21 and without a job because I was convinced by my parents to go to TAFE and get more qualified to go into the industry that I love, but now it has left me over qualified for anything that I apply for and since the tech industry is small in my country... the market is empty. I apply for ANY job and I mean anything, retail, cleaning and janitorial, sales and marketing. Shit I don't even know a thing about just because I want a job so everyone can stop rubbing it in my face and making me the butt of all their jokes even though i'm trying as hard as I can. I'm also told that I can't have an opinion on anything, I tell them that they can save money by shopping at a store we have here called Aldi as apposed to Woolworths and I just literally get told this, verbatim from them "You can't have an opinion on this subject"... i'm told that I can't give them suggestions because I don't have a family.

i also have some problems with them accepting a phobia I have where I can't leave the house by myself without having a mini panic attack, here is the story of what happened pasted from another thread.
&gt;About 4 years ago, A friend and I were walking home from a coffee shop, We would have been about 16 at the time and I spotted someone that I recognised... It was a person that I had been having dramas with at school and he was running full tilt at me, Luckily for me I was walking past my school at the time and it was open for a play they were putting on. I ran as fast as I can into the school and got a teacher, called my parents to come pick me up.
I should also explain why I was having dramas with this particular person... Myself and his brother(who was in my year) both have hated each other for about 2-3 years before all this happened. One day he stole my phone and I knew where he lives, so we went to his house and got the phone back. I later learned that his mother had sent him to live in another state with his father, because of that and now his brother blames me for it.
Ever since then his brother has hated me and now I have really bad anxiety every time I leave the house. I can't catch the bus home from TAFE because he rides the same bus as me and he gets off after me. We don't live far apart (2 stops) so I get worried that he might get off and hit me. Whenever I talk to my parents about it they just tell me to get over it because "He probably doesn't care about you anymore" and call me a pussy and faggot but where I live we have had a recent spat of one punch deaths and it makes me scared to be put in that position where my life could end with one punch and it frightens the hell out of me. So instead of catching the bus straight home (it's not walking distance), I go and see movies and my parents pick me up from the theatre, but they have stopped doing that because it is a minor inconvenience to them. I have told them why I do it, but again they shrug it off.
It's not like I'm depressed though, I would never take my own life and the fear actually is because I don't want to be put in a situation where my life could end, I'm actually a generally happy person... I have some really good friends(Who I haven't told about this because we really don't talk about problems) and I have made some new ones at my TAFE course. I have anxiety and it runs in the family but no-one understands how I feel because mine was caused by something other than just thoughts and it seems like they quite frankly don't care. I don't want to talk it through with him because I don't want to run the risk of reminding him just in case he did forget about me.

So I want to move out but I don't want to live with other people I don't trust. I live off of Centrelink welfare payments while I find a job but it won't be enough for a decent living out of home especially me living in Sydney, one of the most expensive cities in the world.

I don't ever swear around my parents, EVER. I feel it is disrespectful to swear around people but it has driven me today to tell my mum to fuck off and say it multiple times today because of how they make me feel. So that is how serious I feel.

I asked a GP about the anxiety and stuff and she referred me to a psychologist, but it's WAY too expensive and my parents won't help me with the money because they don't give a shit anyway.   

I guess I just want some advice on my current situation and just want to reiterate, I don't have suicidal thoughts, I love life most times. Just when i'm home life drags me down when I'm reminded that i'm useless for wasting my life so far.