I had a big realization a few nights agoI have been self-aware for a long time, and I have been aware of the cause of my depression and mental illness(es) for some time as well, but perhaps not at this level of detail. I'm going to try to make this shortER than it would normally be, but it will still be long. Maybe I'll even make a part 2.

When I was a child, I was an only child for the first 7.5 years of my life. I was a lonely child, who eventually wanted a brother (and I did get one), probably to cope with the loneliness.

My day to day life was as follows:

I would go to school, and I would get in trouble. A lot. I was just a child, though. I didn't really know how to control myself or how to act or who I was. All I knew was that I was a "bad kid". So when I would get in trouble, what would they (teachers, administration) do? Well, they would isolate me. They would sent me out in the hallway to write sentences, transcribe the dictionary in alphabetical order, send me to the office, to the counselor/school therapist, just get me the fuck out of the classroom with my peers and classmates. So I always knew and felt that I was different than them, if not just simply beneath them. I was beneath them. Even as a little boy I felt detached from society (which at the time was elementary school and daycare) because of how much of a pariah I was. Because I was treated like an outcast.

After school, what would happen? I would get picked up from school and dropped off at daycare (afterschool). Ok, so what would happen at daycare? I would get in trouble there, too. I had ADHD, I was hyper, and I was always living in fear, I will get to why in a moment. Daycare is also an interesting climate for elementary schoolers because there is a lot of age variance and you aren't as divided as you are in school. Everyone hangs out together but the thing is, I didn't really fit in with kids my age, and from age 3 I was already having conversations with neighborhood denizens, I was/am an old soul and always have been. But I wasn't really like them. So I felt, once again, like I didn't fit in. I didn't fit in with kids my age, and I certainly didn't fit in with them at school as I was always getting in trouble, so clearly, to me, a child, I wasn't like them. I was too different. So I flocked to the older kids, who I sort of focused on throughout my life. But I didn't really fit in with THEM, either. They were much taller, older, etc. I just had my mind.

What happened after daycare? Well I would get picked up. And my Mother would immediately be told upon picking me up that I fucked up again, that I got in trouble again somehow. So they'd tell her, and I'd go home, nervous for what was in store for me.

So when I got home, well, my Father didn't like my Mom keeping things from him, so naturally she always told him what went on at school and daycare. Or worse, if they didn't tell her, she'd get a call from the school letting her know what happened. Ok, so what happens then? Well, my Father would get the belt out and beat me, or spank me with his hand. Very often. Then, I would get sent to my room. My room, my lonely room. In my room I would writhe, and worry, and fret about my behavior, who I am, why am I like this, why am I so shit, why am I always getting sent out of class? Why am I always getting beaten? Even at night trying to go to sleep my eyes would form shapes of the shadows in fear of the monsters that are there judging me, waiting for me to make a mistake. 

Then I go to sleep, wake up, and do the whole thing all over again.

What does that do to someone? What does that do to a child?

This is my Father. My Father who would beat me, slap me, spank me, yell and yell and yell at me. My father who once yelled at an 8 year old me for eating gummy worms that my Mom bought me, confiscating them, telling me "YOU CAN'T EAT THAT SHIT YOU'RE IN SOCCER". My Father who as I grew depressed in late HS, told me one day in a conversation that quickly turned into something physical, that I was "even more twisted and demented" than he thought I was. My Father who at my worst, I went mute in a horrible fight with him that broke me for a bit, to "Talk to him like a man!". My Father, who has literally kicked me out of the house (and I do mean literally) and told me to eat shit. My Father, who again, at my worst, told me that he couldn't handle me and that he had another kid to raise. My Father, who beat me so bad with a belt once I had to hide from the teachers at daycare the following day.

Let me elaborate further.

I realize, now, that my room is all I know. It is my refuge and it is my prison. I am hateful, afraid, fearful of others constantly. I am, even today, so far removed and desensitized from the concept of stability and normalcy, I do not even fully realize the state of my condition.

It is entirely possible that I was born with a genetic propensity to be depressed. My Father's side (all undiagnosed because they have no clue how to handle or even identify their emotions) has mental illness in the family, on both his paternal/maternal side.
- - - That is possible, but all of this was of course, greatly, greatly exacerbated by my circumstances at school, home, and daycare. The teachers and admins who had no clue how to handle me, treated me like a pariah. The moronic daycare counselors who wanted me to fail, wanted me to get in trouble. The Father who would punish me at every fault, every error.

Who am I now? It's no wonder I'm always so paranoid and standoffish and always in my head thinking of myself. That's exactly how my Father is and how he's always been. Who am I now? I am an absolute mess. I am not a functional person. I am a negative, dark, faithless, hopeless person. I am a husk of a person.

My room, self-isolation, depression, worry, it is both my refuge and my prison, as I mentioned earlier. It's all I know. And I am also programmed to be defensive with everything. I struggle to maintain relationships because I get very oversensitive and paranoid and defensive with the other person. I mean, that isn't every single relationship, some are just shit on their own, but I have had many like that. And it isn't just romantic interactions, platonic interactions, it could be anyone. Any stranger,  any acquaintance, they could say something and immediately perturb me. Females I have a romantic connection with will eventually put me into a corner (not necessarily intentionally), and I will get extremely defensive. But maybe it's because I think someone is always *trying* to put me in a corner. Anyone and everyone is my enemy. I don't hate anyone but I do hate everyone. Hope that makes sense. I am misanthropic due to years of pain and suffering and sorrow and broken relationships and distrust and lying and trauma and years and years and years of negative thought.

Here I am today, sitting in my room, typing this. Brooding, as I do any given day. Thinking of killing myself, of suicide, as I would any given day. I deserve to die. I deserve to kill myself. I deserve that.

My Mother told me to pray for her cancer. I'm not very religious but I did it anyway. I do honor the Virgin Mary / God in some sense, because once again I was kinda, sorta programmed as a kid, always went to mass with my Mom, went to Sunday School. I'm pretty much agnostic, but every once in a blue moon I will pray at the outside chapel to Mary. I prayed for her. Catholicism / Virgin Mary / God is a big part of the latino lifestyle/upbringing so that's why I'm mentioning it, it was just a big part of my life growing up. A few nights ago I prayed once again, this time to God, and I told him that if I'm never going to be happy, just kill me. Seriously. I've had enough of life, I'm good.

Lastly, a few things, and maybe I'll edit this if I can come up with more to say, but I know that my childhood isn't as bad as others. I wasn't chained to a closet. I wasn't fed 3 times a week. It could have been worse, I know. But I am a broken person.

I live with my Father, by the way. And really I just placated the horrible thoughts for the longest time, I knew they were there but I never truly faced them or fully, FULLY realized them until a couple of nights ago. I live with him and I have no relationship with him, but let me give a little context on that front as of late: He often tries to talk over me. He doesn't listen to me at all. He doesn't know what an emotion is. It surely isn't something you buy at Sears. I don't get to have breakdowns. If I have a breakdown, he'll get involved and make things worse or make me feel bad. He even says things like HIS house, HIS wife, HIS stress are being impeded on when I have a fucking meltdown, as rare as that is. What happens when you compartmentalize all of those emotions for months, years, decades? Well, you turn into a psycho. Which is what I'm becoming. The breakdowns you DO end up having are much, much worse. My intrusive thoughts are absolutely horrible and insanity-inducing. Confined to my room for my whole life just stuck thinking of every mistake I have ever made and every subtle jab someone has taken at me verbally, obsessively, obsessively, obsessively. Going back to my Dad, we had been playing this game a bit and he got a new computer and I was trying to help him transfer some files over and preserve the game saves, which I had done just days prior. I really knew what to do but he kept trying to talk over me and then he eventually had the audacity to say, "You know winterpurple, it's really hard to have a conversation with you sometimes".

Well, Dad. It's interesting you say that, because I feel the exact same way about you. 

You know, Dad, maybe I wouldn't be such a fuckup if you hadn't fucked up with me so much. You know, Dad, maybe we could have had a relationship (I don't think I really want to repair things with him, and he already has plans to relocate to the backwoods of Colorado, in a cabin, alone, when he retires, away from me/Mom/brother) years ago. You know, Dad, I know you had a shitty childhood too, but that isn't really my                                        problem. You know, Dad, if you had even an inkling of how I felt, you would burst.

I love you, and I hate you. It kinda feels like you feel the same way about me. I thought I was the child, though? And yet I am about 92x more emotionally mature and self-aware than you are. Wouldn't be the first case of child playing parent.

Joy? What is that?