Thoughts on the topic.Im going to be as sensitive as possible in my speech; and try my hardest not to seem like an advocate. Because there have been plenty of nights i was sure i should; and the next day i woke up to a beautiful day.

But I'm a realist; so when people say "things will get better" they are right; but if we want to use that logic; things will also get worse again as well lol. I dont mean to rip that hope from you; But thats life. 

We got it figured out; oh wait no we dont; this sucks; i should pro- oh wait thats right i figured it out, oh wait no i didnt; this sucks - wash, rinse, repeat. 

I am on 200mg of zoloft for my depression and anxiety and remeron for my insomnia problems. They work very well. 

I still know that I don't enjoy my life very much; internally. Externally my life isnt that bad; other than the destruction i cause myself from whats happening internally. 

The person who prescribes my medicine said if i still have suicidal thoughts that she will up the dose until they go away. 

Again; I'm a realist lol. These aren't intrusive thoughts. These are really complex deep rooted issues that i fight through daily. It is a struggle, always has been a struggle; and the future hasnt come yet ill say. 

The zoloft has helped me not be depressed, less socially anxious, the remeron has helped me sleep which I cant even tell you how much of a help thats been. 

And that removed those hinderances to me having a fulfilling life; but there's still ALOT more. 

Physical problems; i have sarcoidosis; its an inflammation issue; causes me a lot of problems. Been through several doctors; they dont understand the condition very well; it usually affects african american women and im a white male; it usually affects the lungs; but its in my liver - doctors aren't familiar with that kind -

And honestly my symptoms dont reflect anything wrong with my liver. If i eat inflammatory foods or the slightest bit of stress; i cough up mucus for hours; my head burns, my thoughts get cloudy, and the rest of the day is like that. 

So i eat as strict as possible; it helps; cant avoid stress though and it kills me literally. No doctor would prescribe me prednisone which is what you prescribe for my condition. 

So i found a doctor online and was prescribed them. I was a normal person for the first time in my life. However i was my own doctor. 

And you cant take them forever. So i did my research n took upwards of 40mg for 2 months then tapered down. 

(Im almost done here lol)

Those 2 months were amazing. I ate whatever i wanted to and felt fine. When i hit 20mg the withdrawal kicked in. 

I had to go back to doctors; at 20mg im withdrawing - speak to the doctor - she calls in the refill - says if i need more let her know. 

Pick up the refill - 15mg. Wtf. Im already withdrawing at 20. So i just keep taking 20 for two weeks; then stepped down to 15 until i ran out. 

Called for more; took 6 phone calls; them arguing with me; me being as polite as possible and then telling me i need to find a new doctor. 

I say all that to say; its flippin rough lol. Theres no amount of therapy or medication that will change how other people will be insensitive to you; will minimize your pain, make you feel alone and like there's no answers; 

And when you vent to somebody and they say "try this, try that" in all of their sincerity it insults you a little lol; because you know you have been honest with yourself and tried every avenue; but if you're me its not one issue; its 

Who am i, why am i like this, im anxious, im depressed, im tired, im not like everyone else, am i gay or straight, am i bipolar, why cant i sleep, why cant i think straight, why doesnt anybody love me, why dont they care, why are things this difficult, why does god hate me, why does he not hear me, why do i try so hard, im just a bad person, i was born cursed, no its everyone else, im just special, unique, different, they just dont get me, nobody understands me, im crazy, they are right, wtf is wrong with me, why am i crying, god help me, im angry, i want to scream, i want to kick my cat (i dont do dis), i want to smoke weed, why am i so lazy, why dont i want to do anything, why do i eat so much, why am i spending so much money, i should quit smoking weed, i cant sleep, i feel better, i should smoke weed; was i molested as a child? Why am i so horny, why didnt my dad love me, why did my mom love my brother more, why am i like this. 

lol. And on your quest; everyone around you has just made it worse from friends to significant others to parents relatives doctors. 

And sometimes you've just had enough lol. And i just now remembered what my motive was for making this post - 

If i did make the decision to let all this weight on my shoulders get the best of me; it wasn't because i needed more zoloft or because i didnt call somebody first;

And I won't call somebody first; its because ive lived with myself for 33 years; ive rigorously worked through these things by good physical and mental health means and endless hours of thinking lol; but ive remained here against my better judgment because sometimes i enjoy the fight. 

But i said all that nonsense for this simple question;

Would you contact somebody first if you made the decision to do it? 

I dont see what input would change the fact that everyday is incredibly difficult for me lol.