Didn't leave the house for 4 years. Asked everyone. No solutions. Why not get you peoples input.The story goes like this. Black father Turkish mother meet in Germany. They have a child. A bastard is born (Me). Father does run. I grow up facing abuse from my mother. Then I am 11 she takes me to turkey for religious reasons against my will. I was happy in Germany kinda. Then it really starts. I get bad treatment from my peers because I have no dad and because I am interracial. Fairly innocent. Then I get a bit older. My peers and teachers realize that I am a bastard (Surnames suck). I get beat up get spit on and generally get treated like dirt. Beatings got so bad that I even get a few broken teeth. Once I got close with a girl. Her older brother did almost set me on fire but then he did settle for putting out a cigarette on me. This way I got some nice reminders of what I am. Then money starts to run out and I had to drop out of school. I've always been treated like shit in school anyways. I adopt every way of earning money online legal and illegal. I see no point in leaving the house. My mother abuses me still at home. I pay the rent at this point I kick her out. I try to get to a western country where I won't be judged for things that aren't in my control and to continue education. Save up a bit of money. Guess what none of them takes a high school dropout with no legitimate income.(Yes I asked lawyers.) Fast forward a lot of self-harm and self-loathing. I can't do literally anything. I have to live like this day in day out same food same things till I die. Well and now mandatory military service is coming up. The moment the government of the country that treated me this way gives me a gun I know what I am gonna do. I pay the janitor of the apartment a bit he goes shopping. Entering Europe as a refugee is hard. Most of the refugees get send back anyway. I need to open a company that has a worth of at least 200k to get into a western place. I can't marry my way out of this either. The 4 years took a toll on me and nobody would like to marry me. I think I have considered all options. There really seems like 1 way out for my unique case.