I just broke up with someone who was recently widowed and I feel suicidal for the first time in years.(25M) It was a very brief relationship that moved super fast.  She had just lost her husband a few months ago and was just looking for company as first. We felt very safe with each other, and she wanted to date for real. I honestly was falling hard for her, but she was falling even harder for me, and I was starting to feel her attachment and depression and I was so crushingly worried about what would happen if we broke up in the future. I genuinely felt like she needed me in every sense if the word. I didn't know if it'd be a regular break up or put her in a dangerous place. 

Tonight, I tried to break it off, with the intention of being friends and being open to revisiting a relationship in the future when it wasn't all so intense. I expressed I thought it was moving too fast, and she was accepting it at first. But the more we talked about it, she started to imply I was using her and she's not sure she could just be friends with me at all. 

She pointed out that I really pushed the relationship quickly myself, which I suppose is partly true. I forced some intimacy pretty fast, but she also led me to believe she was tapering her expectations. She said I never intended to really date her, and I said that wasn't true at all and that I thought I was more ready for this than I wasWhen I said I was worried about her being suicidal, she then felt like a burden and said she was walking away out of obligation, saying I'm wonderful but I should watch for other people's feelings in the future. 

And then she changed her mind, and said she'd be willing to be friends if there was hope for a relationship. I said I'm already feeling so bad now about how bad she feels, and that she basically admitted she's not sure she can be friends, and that she shouldn't stay if she was just hoping to date again. I said for my own mental health I can't date her anymore. 

She then did a lot of what I was worried about the whole time, and I suppose some was justified. She said it was cruel to lead her on like this and then change my mind, and it was kinda cowardly I couldn't be friends with her if she liked me. And then she somewhat begged me to go back to dating. A minute later she completely backed off of all of that and said she's willing to be friends and pursue other interests. Very begrudgingly. 

I honestly have never felt this fucking miserable in a long time. I feel so much shame for even trying to pursue a relationship with her. I consider myself pretty mature, and I read everywhere it's fine for widows to date soon after losing a spouse, but I didn't realize how fucking unprepared I'd be to handle it myself. I feel so stupid for even thinking I was good enough to try with her. She was honestly a complete catch too. But I just couldn't take the pressure of the dynamic, and now I just feel like a piece of shit that doesn't deserve love. I am completely revisiting suicidal thoughts I haven't had in 5 years. I don't even know what this friendship with her is gonna look like. I'm horrified of what her family thinks of me. 

I grew up in a caretaker role in my house and I'm so sick of taking that to my relationships, and I feel like I finally tried to take a stand today and it backfired on me completely. I have been crying non stop and I don't think I can live with myself anymore. I don't think anyone wants me unless they're in a crisis and I've given so much of myself to so many people, and this time I chose not to give myself away and it made her miserable. 

I completely abhor myself.