Maybe suicide is the only option.I don't want to be like this. I feel like there is a 'me' that isn't like this somewhere inside my mind. But I can't be her, and I'm getting too old to ever let her out.

I'm sure you've read the articles on how the brain matures and crystallizes at around 24-25? How the ability to learn and change is right on the tipping point between learning easily like a child and irreversible, gradual decline in cognition at that age...

I'm 24 years old, and I feel absolutely deprived.
Mentally abused as a child and unable to deal with racist remarks from students and teachers in high school, I quit to finish my classes online, cutting me off from my friends at 14. I learned to be at peace with being alone. I graduated at 17, developed financial and health problems, and ended up failing out of college in my first year. I couldn't handle jobs after that, they felt like... abuse. Managers and bosses were too reminiscent of my dad, and heated customers made me feel like I was the problem. I quit 2 jobs in 3 months, tried to go to college again, and ended up being kicked out of the family home with my mom and living in hotels and shelters to what stretched to two years. I failed out of college again because I missed an exam during a chaotic round of moving all of our belongings in a day.

I've never been kissed, never had sex, never been able to try drugs or go on a vacation or even to a concert. I'm just.. so deprived. I've been in survival mode so long I don't know what to do anymore. I finally have a home, but I feel like I've lost my mind.. I have no friends at all and don't know who would want to be friends with a failure like me. I'm shy and am realizing very quickly I'm not good at anything, perhaps I was always stupid?

I'm not clever enough to start a new business idea or interesting and outgoing enough to sell myself online. Retail jobs do a number on my mental health and I only end up more suicidal. I'm absolutely not getting back into college, and even if I did, I'd be near or over 30 by graduation, and that's if I could stick with one major. Maybe my mind wil crystallize like this, and just by biology, I'll be unable to escape that fate.

On top of all that, Covid-19 ruined society just as I thought I was turning things around, I feel like I'll never be able to experience it. I feel like everything is so locked down and controlled I'll never get the chance to 'live'. I feel like being this behind, I'm going to live on the bottom of society forever. Go check out r/poor. I'm sick of living like that.

I'm beginning to think I should just kill myself. I've written the notes, I've gotten rid of, given away nearly everything I own. I kept my phone and some of my clothes, and that's about it. All I have to do is source some nitrite and purchase it. I have it all planned out in my head. Nothing else is working for me, and at this point, death seems like the easier way. I never thought I'd be saying death was easier than life. I used to live life as an adventure, I used to live for the sheer beauty and endlessness of it all. But I am tired.
 
October 28 seems like a good day to lay it all to rest.