I can't fucking believe that I almost went through with it.About 6 hours ago, I almost hung myself. I was having a particularly shitty day, when I was on r/ADHD, and noticed a post about this person who was obsessed with research, and I commented that I could relate, and I noted that it was a pity that such a gift could be wasted on someone who's brain just locked up when presented with a school related reason to research. Another person replied, saying that they thought I should maybe write an article about my research findings, because I maybe couldn't research for school myself, but I could maybe help someone else who needed a reasonable source, so I told them thank you and that I would write an article. I spent almost an hour finding a way to post an article onto google, and I finally find this gem, [http://posts.google.com/author](http://posts.google.com/author). I click on the website, and it says I don't have permission to post here. I know that this is going downhill, and since my school doesn't let us log into anything with hour personal emails, I knew this ride was about to crash, but I still tried to log into my personal email anyways. It tells me I can't log into my account. No tears, no shock, just pure disappointment and silent agony. I wanted to help people, but I couldn't. That was my breaking point. My one true goal in life is to make others feel less alone. I edited that reply, saying that I was going to go cry myself to sleep because I couldn't post anything on my school laptop and knew I was going to forget about it, but I knew what I would really do. I closed my laptop, and started to write a suicide note. I didn't feel them at first, but tears were streaming down my cheeks. I saw one drop on the paper, and set it done, while I grabbed a pair of pants that wouldn't easily rip, and tied it tightly around my neck. The only thing I thought about was that I was a failure, and that this was my last chance to fucking help people, but I couldn't. I realized I didn't have a place to hang myself, so I went to sleep. I sobbed and sobbed until I fell asleep, and I wanted to tell my mum, but I feel like something is holding me back. I don't know what it is, but there's something.