I’m getting too behind in life.I’ve been more frequent then I aught to be about this, but there are some things I just can’t bring myself to do, it’s simply out of character for me. I still end up doing it only to find out I have to do it again, and again, and again. Well, I don’t want to do it anymore, but the longer so stay having not done it, the more miserable I become, the more angry I get. Through each failure, my impulse becomes more intense, from violent anger to extreme sadness and self-loathing, which is why I can’t bring myself to do this anymore, it hurts. My dilemma, that I’ve vented about time and time and time again, is women. Let me be clear in saying I don’t care for a friendship with women, I mean it’s nice, and I can appreciate it, but it isn’t dependent on gender at all, meaning I could have a friendship with practically anybody, and I’m pretty well acquainted, although it’s all guys, because they actually talk to me, and respect my presence. I’ve tried to get the attention of women many times over, I’ve heard a lot from them, “not interested,” “only date black guys,” “already have a boyfriend,” and the most recent one “I’m gay.” I’m just so fucking sick of having to persist so much for something I absolutely need (I’m not exaggerating, you can’t just set this kind of stuff aside with hobbies, you have to confront it and find out if you like it), in a world where persistence is only ok if she likes you and is playing hard to get, when I hear no, I’m not just gonna barge in and say “too bad” and rape the girl, but even if I say something to persist, I feel like I’ll come off as a jerk, actually I already feel like a piece of shit for being practically a fuckboy, but god I’m not just gonna leave afterwards unless the person is utterly terrible, I feel like the sex and kinky stuff is the test to see if I like you, then we do the friendship stuff. Well, as you can see, no hope, I’ll be a virgin until I’m about 24 or so (18 going on 19 in a week), and I’ll be so focused on this for the next few years I’ll be behind in my life. I’m not going to skip sex and come back to it, this isn’t a test, it’s an obstacle, I can’t just “get over it,” I need to have it, so I can say that I have it, diminish its value, throw it away, and move on to the next goal, I don’t mean I’ll be bored from sex, I just mean I won’t have to focus on it any more so I won’t need to worry about it, then I can put more time into code, and when I do, I’ll make some projects that I can sell for good money, but I can’t do any of that when I’m horny every 2 fucking hours, I need to get ahead in what I’m doing, or I’ll just live a mediocre life that isn’t worth living, and I’d rather die than live like everybody else.