I’m sorry dadThis is an overly long, cringy self-loathing mess, so don’t even read it. I’m sure I’ll end up being too pussy to even kill myself so idk if it even fits here.

The hardest part  is having to see my dad every day. I wont kill myself until he dies and it makes me so fucking sad and angry that I even think about hi dying. Hedoesn’t know this but I hear him cursing every night because I just know that he hates how his life turned out. He worked his ass off every day for 35 years to provide for his family and what does he get? A wife who cheated that’s living with her new bf while my dad pays for all her expenses so she doesn’t take the house, one recovering addict son, and me the other son, who has no aspirations, who can’t finish a semester at community college or hold a job(btw I’m the reason our family fell apart). It’s not even like I didn’t have opportunities to succeed, my dad made a lot of money to set me up for a good life and I just continue to throw it all away every day without fail. 

he still gets up and greets me with a smile every fucking morning pretending he’s proud of me, talks to me and tries to help me with my future and puts in 100% effort to appear happy and strong to me. He never shows any weakness our doubt, but I know it’s starting to have a tough time keeping the act up. Meanwhile I’m too ashamed to even look him in the eyes and give him more than 1 word answers when he wants to talk to me. He probably thinks I hate him. 

All Ive wanted for years now is to just do dope and die but I can’t do that to him. He already went through hell putting my older brother through rehab and supporting him multiple times I’m afraid if I do that too it’ll break him. He’s the kindest most honest hardworking person I’ve ever met, why does he deserve to suffer like that? Why can’t I just succeed at something so he can actually be proud? 

I know he won’t mention this since I’m only 20 but I know he wishes he could have grandkids. But he’s almost 70 and times running out. If I could do anything for him that would make him proud that would probably be it. But I can’t even get a girl. I don’t even want it for me anymore because every girl eventually realizes that I’m an insecure pussy and just(understandably) makes fun of me for it.I just want him to feel proud of something. It’s  not because I’m unattractive because I’m honestly half decent looking, but because I’m a fucking loser with no social skills. Of the girls I have been with, none of them have taken me seriously, or even been attracted to me. And I don’t blame them, I’m a weak little bitch and I could never even satisfy them in bed. 


It’s been years since he last expected anything of me. Now he just tells me he wants me to be happy, but I can’t even do that. I know he’s embarrassed about me, but he’ll never admit it to anyone. He’s rather be a laughing stock than put me down for anything. He’s the only reason I hope there’s an afterlife because he deserves to go to heaven for putting up with this. 

I really wish he could’ve had a different son, because he deserves better and I don’t deserve the amazing things he gave me.