I can’t do this anymoreI can’t do this anymore

I apologize in advance for the long post 

It started in 2017 my freshman year of college I had to drop out because I couldn’t adjust to being at a major university not making friends and dealing with college level work. I had a mental breakdown and had to see a therapist and physiatrist I was put on Zoloft and another medicine I can’t remember. 

That was December of 2017 for the first few months of 2018 I was a shut in I didn’t do anything but stay in bed. I found my dads gun but I was too scared to do anything with it. I was scared it would misfire and hurt me and not kill me. 

Eventually I began to interact more with friend that were home they didn’t go off to school they stayed at community college and then planned on going to university. I began to hang with them like old times during high school and got confidence in myself again. I started working out on a regular basis again and felt good. 

Throughout the summer of 2018 I was making friends and partying staying out late and not taking the medicine prescribed to me because I felt good without it. I was smoking weed heavily and ended up losing my virginity while high to a girl I didn’t even know on some random day. This started a whole downward slope. 

My car began to have issues because I was hanging out with a lot of girls I was considered a “fuckboy” and the one girl that I had gotten my first kiss from wouldn’t date me because of that reason and because her dad is racist. I began owing people money and couldn’t pay them back because I lost my job. I was high one day while my friends were playing basketball and decided to take my friends keys and drive to get something to eat without telling him. I posted a girls nudes in our friend group message which led to me being kicked out. 

While all of this was happening I was being recruited to the navy. I had stopped smoking to join but I was losing a lot of friends. My parents caught me smoking and sent me to a mental hospital. It was around the time Mac Miller died. 

Late 2018 I was still feeling good because I had something to look forward to, joining the navy. But soon the thoughts of depression came back after failed hookup attempts with girls. I have to this day never had a actual girlfriend. 

I joined the navy in early 2019 and made it to the last few weeks of boot camp. Where then I failed the fitness test by not keeping my pace running I was sent back in training. Which meant I had to do another 4 weeks on top of the 7 I had already been there. This took a toll on me. 

I became delusional and because of unfortunate circumstances on the base I was sent to another group. The group was for health reasons related to a person who died and they wanted all the people with this condition to stay there until cleared to return. All this group did was complain which bothered me even more. I had a breakdown and was sent to a physiatrist to be separated from the navy. 

I was still delusional and thought I was going to be in the navy I ended up getting sent to the mental hospital where I spent 2 months before going home. When I came home it was the summer of 2019 I saw a new physiatrist and it took me a few weeks to realize I wasn’t going back to the navy. 

When I realized that I began to spiral I began to constantly eat fast food I stopped working out I got fired after 3 months at my job. Throughout 2020 I’ve gained a lot of weight my hair has began to thin and fall out. I’ve began to think about suicide. I just have had enough I don’t have the ability to feel better I have no friends no relationship to look to.