Thoughts on living.Hello all,

Last Sunday I tried to kill myself. I tried to cut my arm but it was very hard and I failed. Now I live with the aftermath. To be honest i should have either do it properly or not even try. This sucks a lot. 

I had attention from all people once they knew I tried to do it. But that died down in a couple days. Now I'm alone again. It seems people care enough to reach out when they see that I was in a really bad spot but not enough to be a friend of mine. But I did realize that there are a couple of people that care a bit more. Which does make me a bit happy to be honest. I still have thoughts about suicide. Mainly I think that if I actually did it wouldn't that be better for everyone? The people that care about me would be sad for a while yes. But now I just worry them. I just fling onto everyone. I make the couple people that care about me start to dislike me. 

I mentioned in my previous post that there is a girl that I love more then anything. I would say more then my life but that's not too big of a compliment. But because of how I forced some things like trying to meet when we couldn't and just being such a hard person were are growing distant. I think today will be the first day in over 2 months that we don't speak at all. I really fucked this up. This was definitely the best thing to have happened to me. And in the end what did I do? I tried to kill myself. I pushed onto her. I drove her away with my stupid actions. If I just did it it would be set. There would be no questions. I would say good bye and just ask from her to remember the good things about me. But now what? I am suffering all day because I can't talk to her. I think she isn't having the greatest time either. I don't know what she thinks or feels but I am quite sure that we won't talk anymore. Maybe I should wait a couple weeks then actually kill myself. Then if we don't talk she'll forget about me. Wouldn't that be the best? 

Alright I actually started to write this story out to ask everyone who is reading: what do you live for? 

Well that's all I had to say. I just wanted to pour out my heart. I don't have any friends and I can't keep bothering the people who helped me out so much already. Here at least you don't have to read it if you don't want to. It's a lot better. 