Near the endIt's sad when you feel like this is the only place you can turn to, I don't know whether if it's reassuring to know that there are other people out there or it's just nice getting all your feelings out.

I'm 23 years old, nearly 24, and I am going to kill myself soon, I've made up my mind and i just want to tell people how I feel because no one else is going to care.

I have never really been in control with my emotions, and I've always been anxious and depressed; but I started feeling how I do today when I was 16, I started smoking weed and taking drugs and for a while it was fine but it spiralled out of control and I stole money and jewellery to fund my habit. I didn't know what else to do I'm still addicted to drugs now I just pretend that I'm rehabilitated. 

I was diagnosed with borderline personality disorder when I was 19- for me it's not being able to regulate my emotions. I can go from bouncy and "happy" to sad and suicidal in a matter of seconds and these episodes happen a few times a day. It's really hard to maintain friendships when I can like them one minute and despise them the next, it's not fair on them. 

The real problem with having BPD is relationships. I can never be in a relationship because I'm too emotionally volatile. I'm gay and coming out wasn't easy with my homophobic dad. Add this to the fact that I push people away before they get too close and it made 2 years of my life hell.

I fell in love with a boy by mistake. I don't want people to get too close so I used to sleep around, one night I met this guy and he was nice and genuine and completely different from any of the others, and he understood me. I think that more than anything is why I fell in love with him. 

Our relationship took a turn for the worse when we went out I got drunk and I slept with someone else. That turned our relationship toxic and from that point it was doomed. We could never be accepted by my family they wanted nothing to do with him. When we were together we were fine; but as soon as we were away from each other then the thoughts came creeping back into his head and he couldn't stand me. I don't blame him I was awful I was lucky he stuck with me for 2 years. After we broke up that's when things started getting really bad.

I thought I would be fine without him, I slept with a lot of people afterwards and it was never the same. He changed me whether i liked it or not. Sex wasn't enough anymore- I needed companionship.

I have never found that ever, all
I think about is the boy I screwed over and how much I love him and how we'll never be together again. We're friends now as well: he tells me about all the people he's slept with as if I don't care but it hurts so much. I shouldn't be friends with him but I can't help it I love him. 

All my friends have jobs and lives and they all have sex and genuinely have interesting lives, all I've done is fuck about doing nothing getting myself feeling even worse. 

The point is that my life has hit a point where there's only one way out. I'm stuck in a rut I'll never get out of doomed to watch my friends find love while I sulk away alone. The sad thing is they will never understand. No matter what you do to explain they never will. The mind affects all of us differently. 

I'm going to poison myself, I'm still planning it out. All the other times have been cries for attention, maybe this is one too. There's only so many times you can call for help for no one to answer. There is no cure, you can't treat it it's just the way I am. 

Well the way I am is horrible. I would not wish this pain on my worst enemy, it's crippling and I don't wanna be in an endless cycle anymore

There are so many things I would like to say I just can't be bothered. This in effect is a suicide note. And thankyou for reading. It means a lot to me