somehow i haven't committed yetokay so let me recap 2015-2017 for you guys. i need to write this out somewhere and i have no fucking clue why but somehow this always makes me feel better.

in 2015 i: was on the verge of committing almost the whole year, in september i ended a 5-month relationship with my girlfriend (we are still super close, we are best friends now) i basically dumped her to be with a girl who had a boyfriend (shitty move, i could go into detail how much i regret this) and proceeded to get caught by parents being drunk and making out with said girl and her friend in december (at the time i was underage and had no idea what i was doing. these girls were the last two that i had a real connection with, or any feeling for.)

2016: wanted to commit full year, in january me and ex had a fling but it was short lived. hardcore drug binging began in february and lasted until april, which is my birthday month. that may i met this guy, i was convinced he liked me and i liked him back. got caught sneaking out three times (we snuck out way more) and he put all of the blame on me for a separate incident in october that ultimately ended our friendship. he never actually voiced his feelings for me and i was too afraid to at that time. he was easily the person that i was the most attracted to in my life, and took advantage of that many times. in december i made new friend group, they are artsy and different. i had no idea how to react to this because all of my friends existed in separate social circles, this was my first group.

2017: i am on the verge of committing again, in january one of the guys from the friend group kind of coerced me into having sex with him and i didn't want it at all. i was afraid of being gay for weeks then in late february one of my other friends gave me this guy's snapchat. i add him and we talk for hours, he's attractive, nice and funny. he's afraid to meet me though in person which kills my confidence, because we attend the same school. it turns out he's a stalker and monitors all of my social media and has dark, twisted fantasies about murdering people.

fast forward to today, i've been single for a year and a half, there's a guy who shows interest in me but he has a girlfriend. he was the guy who i first realized i liked guys with, even though i never told him. (not the one from may of 2016)

i feel like i've done nothing to help anyone at all, all i do is hurt others in relationships and end up lonely. i think i'm going to do it, even simple tasks like homework have become practically impossible.  