Life has frozenI used to be suicidal from a very rough upbringing. I stopped feeling that way when I started getting into dating late in high school, along with some of my problems at home being resolved. 

These problems I grew up with were out of my control (a result of other people that raised me), so I can understand why I was so downtrodden about them. I felt like my life was out of my own hands, and to end that pain that suicide was the only option. 

It’s was over four years since I had a suicidal thought. Life was going great for a while. I got through the beginning of college without a hitch, and exceeded above my own expectations both socially and academically. I met some of the greatest friends I’ve ever had, and I currently am living in a house with them off campus at my university (I am currently in the end of my third year). 

But things in my life changed during sophomore year. I got dumped by the girl of my dreams in in between semesters, and I hit rock bottom. I gained weight. I stopped giving a shit about anything. Our relationship was going downhill prior, and my grades were suffering. I felt hopeless, but I figured I had already been through hell. Things couldn’t get much worse. 

Situationally, they didn’t get worse. I finished sophomore year strong, and felt like I could really be out of my rut. But I was wrong. 

This year I was met with the most challenging deadline-oriented semester of college I had ever faced. I went all out and made Dean’s List for the first time since freshman year. As an aerospace engineer, I thought that I should feel much better about all of the effort that I put in than I did. But I felt empty. I was a work zombie, and felt completely burned out in the end. 

I also started to realize that I became increasingly less social than ever. I started to shut myself in. I lost basically all of my self confidence. Whereas I used to be able to strike up a conversation with anyone about anything, I can barely keep a conversation going for more than a few stupid remarks. I don’t feel like myself anymore. 

Second semester started fine. Classes got very interesting, and I felt like I was finally turning around. Unfortunately, my cousin was killed in a car accident and I was gone from school for a week, missing two crucial exams to attend his funeral. He was a 28 year old Marine veteran, and very close to my immediate family. I’ve never cried harder in my life than at his funeral.

I returned to school to find that I was screwed. I had missed so much material, but instead of catching up I just stopped. I gave up. I currently feel like life has been frozen, and that I can’t go on any longer. 
 
It feels like time hasn’t passed since then. I feel like it’s been barely a couple of weeks. It has been over two months. I feel like life is just… happening to me. I’m ignoring responsibilities that are extremely crucial to my success in my future. My life is falling apart. I’ve been thinking about how to kill myself in the least painful way possible on a regular basis. I want to reach out but I don’t know where to go. 

If you read this, I’m begging you to give me some advice. I don’t know why I can’t get off my ass and get some help. 

What is wrong with me?