I'm not lonely, but I feel lonely.Hey everyone, thanks for reading my (in comparison to other stories in this subreddit) pathetic story. I'm an 18 year old male. I'm not depressed and I never seriously thought of suicide before a couple of days ago. 

I don't think I'm ugly but I wear glasses and have minor acne, so I'm not very confident with the way I look. I basically couldn't imagine a girl thinking "hey, that guy looks pretty good".

My problem is silly, and people may think I am obsessed with girls. They are probably not wrong. 

I've become pretty desperate for a girlfriend as of the past few months. I want somebody to love me, to want me. I have never kissed someone, but the thought of kissing someone drives me mad. I want someone to share everything with, to cuddle with when I'm feeling down. 

I had a thing for a girl 2 years ago. She seemed to like me as well, but it didn't work out. After that, I've never had the feeling that a girl actually liked me as more than a friend. I, on the other hand, have imagined myself spending the rest of my life with pretty much any girl I met. A lot of girls already have boyfriends, though, and a lot of other girls are way out of my league. 

A couple months ago I met this girl who I have a lot in common with. She has the same kind of humor, we're interested in the same things and I like to think we're equally intelligent. She already has a boyfriend though, and it breaks my heart. I joke around a lot with her, and last week I made a joke about us being like a married couple, because we had the stupidest argument. I took her hand and kneeled before her like I was about to propose to her, to which she responded with a gentle slap to my face, saying I really need to find a girlfriend. 

And I do. I really do, but I think I am a hopeless case. On the way home that day, I was waiting for a train to pass, and the strangest though entered my mind. If I just jump 2 meters forward right now, it'll all be O.K... No worries, no unreachable girls, no more feeling of (how do I articulate this?) 'unfulfilled lust'. I was caught up in the moment, and really wanted to jump. Then I thought of my family and friends, and everybody I'd leave behind, and decided against it. Since that day, though, there have been a lot of moments where I wished I hadn't been such a coward, and that I had done it. 

I don't want to commit suicide, but I'm scared that, on a bad day, under enough pressure, I will. I need help. 