Memoir of a ChildEXPLICIT THEMES  AND LONG WINDED RANT WARNING

Many people could say that I have had a good life, that I'm doing good for myself being as I am 19 and already about to finish college in December. I have no Student Loans or car payments to make, have a steady income( up until I finish school that is), and I have free time to enjoy myself. Many people don't have the luxury I do. But at the same time, I don't think I'm cut out for this life. I'm burnt out and don't know what to do anymore.  

I've been fighting for years, way before I was diagnosed with depression/anxiety at 12 years old. I grew up to fast, I never got to have a childhood. I mean I had a single mother who was depressed constantly and 2 little siblings I had to help her raise because she was  at work till late or wouldn't get out of bed. And then when I wanted to make friends, I couldnt, I was to weird to relate to any of my peers and when I did finally make a few, we would uproot ourselves and move again, being as I was brat a military brat.

 I have been raped/sexually assaulted 3 times now, the first time was when I lost my innocents, at just 7 . I told my father when i was 13, and all he had to say was that god would fix it, and then went back to ignoring my sorry ass. My father never liked me, I was the little girl he wanted, I liked doing boyish things. So he would ignore me when I went to visit him during the summers he was allowed to see me and my siblings. 

I was kind of just a punching bag to everyone. Still am sometimes, I'm to soft, to trusting and I never learned to talk to anyone at all because I didn't have friends and I spent most of my time locked in my room on the internet. I'm told i'm attractive, but nobody wants me because I don't hold my tongue and everyone is to sensitive and needs a bowl of sugar instead of a lemon drop. 

Now, while a lot of people say that they envy me, I am nothing to envy. I'm a husk of a person. I have a boyfriend, but I push him away more and more. It doesn't help that he is 5000 miles away. 

I have a bestfriend who I live with, but he is worse off than me. He has demetian and watching him waste away every fucking day is heartbreaking. He plans to kill himself and that fat alone hurts more than anything, even if he and I both think it would be better than living on as he is. I take care of him, I buy food and pay rent and living for someone else is so stressful but it is the only reason i have still kept going on with anything.

I go to school, but I hate it so much. I am not passionate about it, and most people I have classes with hate me because of how I am. Treat me like shit, its almost like it was in most of high school, yet everyone plays innocent to keep reputations. 

I don't enjoy life anymore, I haven't in a very long time. I have turned to drugs, I trip with my roommate to stay entertained anymore and that is even running thin. I don't want to live, I don;t want to be here. I am an adult who grew up, But am still not fit for the real world. I was at least decent at faking it. But you can't put heels on a child and hope they are seen as older. But thats what I've done my whole life. and finally I;ve been caught in the act, so I'm giving up..