I hate the fact that I let this happen..It just feels so lonely when you're not there by my side, I'm sorry I can't be the perfect boyfriend that you want me to be. I'm sorry for my insecurities and my trust issues, I hope you understand how much you truly mean to me.. The world you are to me, you're my air that I breathe, you're the light to my day and the reason why I'm able to wake up in and look forward to getting out of bed, I want to make myself better for you but I just wish you were patient, I promise you, you won't find a guy like me that will love you as much as I do. You are my everything. But I just hate you as I hate myself.

I hate the fact that my trust issues and insecurities get the best of me..

I hate the fact that you can easily neglect me like I'm nothing.

I hate the fact that you can just lie to my face about anything.

I hate the fact that you're always on your phone while we are at dinner, or laying in bed watching a movie.

I hate the fact that you're so sneaky with your phone.

I hate the fact that you take your phone everywhere you go, the shower,bathroom,outside,kitchen, hide it under the pillow while you sleep..

I hate the fact that you talk shit about me to your friends through messenger, and in person.

I hate the fact that I feel like I'm such a beta male and letting you treat me like shit.

I hate the fact that you cheated on your ex boyfriend with me before you and I started dating, and dumped him like nothing.

I hate the fact that you expect me to trust you to go out with your friends while I'm not there when all they do is drink and do drugs.

I hate the fact that there is so many red flags and you choose to keep victimizing yourself for your mistakes in our relationship.

I hate the fact that you think i'm the bad guy here and that i'm trying to keep you locked up and not do anything.

I hate the fact that all I want in my life is you, and only you, I only want to do things with you, fuck everyone else.

I hate the fact that you keep telling me that you had enough of my shit and that I'm getting on your last nerve.

I hate the fact that you say that you're done with me every time we get in argument.

I hate the fact you expect me to forget the time we were at the club and you were drunk grinding on some guy.(While I was there).

I hate the fact you expect me to be okay with all the red flags on your side on this relationship.

I hate the fact that I love you, I hate that fact that I feel in love with you..

I hate the fact that I'm this stupid to still be with you.

I hate the fact that I can't let go.

I hate the fact that all I want to do is give up and die so I won't ever have to feel pain again.