The endToday is the day I finally decided that I absolutely can’t handle it anymore. Life sucks and literally I want to do anything else other than live another day. It’s probably because of how messed up in the head I am that I think this way but if that’s the case then it was meant to be I guess. No one seems to genuinely care about my life and how I feel anymore. I get the same lies every day regardless of how it makes me feel. I get lied to to make me feel better about myself and I can see right through it and just makes me feel even worse. The only people I felt I could always trust to be at least half way real with me were my close friends. Since you probably don’t know who I’m talking about I’ll give you the group in no specific order, Vance, Jalen, Brandon, Luke, Dillon, Chandler, Andrew, Sam, Parker, and all those guys I would constantly hang out with. You guys were my bros and what I always looked forward to every day was to just have fun and forget about the things in life that suck with you guys. You treated me the same way as everyone else and even though you might’ve lied to me every now and then maybe, it was never really about something that I really cared about all that much and we still were all cool at the end of the day so it didn’t even matter. But honestly you guys just weren’t enough and I don’t want to be a burden for you guys in the future and I know this is gonna suck a lot for you guys to hear when I commit suicide. I’m sorry boys. All I needed in my life was someone to fill the void in my heart that mom had always filled. And also especially Rebeca, you were what was keeping me from doing this for so long. I fucking love you but there just were too many things that you couldn’t be there for and I don’t blame you at all it’s just how it was, but I love how you helped me so much with everything else and words cannot explain how grateful I am for that. No one seems to be capable of being accepting and loving and understanding like she was. I don’t know why that is but it really sucks that that is the case. Dad I’m choosing to do this after your wedding because I think it would be unfair to you to ruin something so happy in your life. I love you man but I wish we could’ve had the father son relationship I always wanted and dreamed of. It just wasn’t something that you were capable of because of our differing values in life and the type of people we are but I am happy that we got a lot closer as the years went on. But I made the decision to kill myself before your wedding just so you are aware. I’m currently writing this sitting in my dorm bed next to my awesome roommates. You guys are amazing and I love the funny shit that happened. I just never was able to get to the point where I could trust you with all my deep shit because that’s not who I was and I’m sorry that even though you guys told me I could be real with you I wasn’t. I never could be that way with many people. I’m tired of not knowing how to feel all the time and if I should feel this way or that way but it seems to me that I always want to just end it all and at this point I really don’t care that much about my own life that I might as well do it. I don’t know when this will happen as of now but I’m probably going to either hang myself, shoot myself, purposefully drown, overdose, or jump off a bridge or something. Haven’t really decided yet on that or when. But after the wedding sometime before my birthday probably. I want people to know that reaching out to someone will not always work. I can’t be the type of person to tell you how I feel when I don’t really know how I really feel and when I have the same problems every day that just don’t make sense to me. And I’m not going to open up about my sad life when it’s just going to make you unhappy and have everyone asking why I’m so sad all the time. Maybe it’s because I actually have a reason every time. The only time everyone seemed to actually care was when I said I would hurt myself or kill myself and then everyone treated me like I was some suicidal kid when in reality I just wanted someone to actually care about me. So look, I actually became that suicidal kid. Thanks. I’m sure this is just gonna be a bump in everyone’s life though and that eventually I’m going to be forgotten and join the rest of the kids who commit suicide. I’m just 1 out of 8 billion people in the world. I don’t have the potential to make a huge difference. I’m just an average guy. I’ve never been anything more. And it’s about the most lame thing you could be in life. It would be cool if this went viral though so that people can stand up and say enough of this bullshit. I want people in the world that care about each other. There is a right answer to every problem in the world and because everyone is too stupid and selfish they have to disagree on it. Whatever makes the most people happy will always be the solution. If you actually cared about someone you would die for them. Right now I’m dying so that I hope you all can learn from this. Stop being shitty people. Politics don’t fucking matter. Religion is hard to believe in for people that need hard evidence to believe something but who knows, that might be true. Stop being selfish and caring about being right all the time. Apparently I was never right my whole life and I just accepted it because it made people happy to think they were right. That’s what kind of people I want. People that just don’t give a shit, we are all humans right? So why not work together like animals do. Why do we have to be so separate from each other and so unique. I’m done with this though I can’t take seeing the same shit over and over again just to keep things ending up the same way. I’m tired of being hurt and used by everyone because I’m too nice of a guy to tell anyone how I feel or what is right just so that someone can be happy for one moment in their day. Goodbye. It wasn’t that good while it lasted otherwise I would’ve stayed around.