Fuck You Covid-19I often reminiscent about the cold days of December, when my husband and me, with our warm hearts and hand in hand, would think fondly about our joint future. The stock market, which has been our main source of income, seemed to be recovering and the companies were planning to raise dividends. Our life together seemed to be on a great path and we were ready to dive into it. Alas, something was bound to happen very soon, something of which we have never dreamed of in our worst nightmares...

Since the start of year 2020, the invisible enemy has destroyed everything my husband (a professional investor) has worked for in the last 20 years. $10 million of capital, which had already shrunk due to oil stocks crisis but seemed to be on the path of recovery, has been finally eradicated to nothing. Today, we don’t know whether we will be able to pay our rent 2 months from now. All our dreams have been destroyed and evaporated to nothing. 200k+ of debt that has accumulated would take years to pay off.

I’ve heard a saying that “the problems that can be fixed with money are not real problems”. I believe that is true, although our case is not about the money or luxury, it is about our freedom. Even with millions, we have always lived modest lives, but without the freedom that money can give, freedom to work just because you want to, we feel as if shackles have been put to us and we are doomed to slave ourselves for the rest of our lives. To exist, and not to live. To dream, and not to accomplish. To watch, hear, read, and not to experience.

Having written 5 books, with 10+ years private investing and activism, appearances in Bloomberg and Wall Street, among other great accomplishments, my husband can’t find a job. Why? Simply because he doesn’t have a traditional work background, because he did not work as an Investor Relations associate booking hotel rooms for the CEO of a well-known bank, but rather chose a life of a successful self-made man.

And me? Before now, I’ve been a student with a dream of going into medical studies. Today, I am working as a receptionist in a nursing home, a position they offered me only because I was not afraid of contracting Covid-19. Luckily, I never did. 

If my husband cannot find a job and eventually recover his capital, we have both concluded that such life is not worth living. We are all brought into this world without our consent and therefore we always have the choice to exit. We are in uncertain times, hard times for years to come, and if my husband decides he is leaving this world, I will hold him by his hand and we will walk into the void together. For now, we are still clinging to that last ember of hope, which together with our love may (or may not) save us from our tragic end.

To all the rest of you, thank you from the bottom of my heart. I hope you are doing all right, and living in the present, not in the future, for the future never tends to come.

Only love and hope can save a man who has nothing. And yet, he might have everything he ever needed.