a little about meFirst of all, sorry for my english, because it isn't my native language and I taught myself it from the internet.

I was born at the near-end of the 20th century. Since i was a little child, i can't ever get past "problems".
First of all, i was raised in a loud environment since i was a baby to i was about 6 years old. My father would shout at my mom all the time. Not physical hitting tho, but shouting like crazy. I was raised in that environment, and that maybe that affected my mind.
Since I was 2-3 year old baby, many people consider me as "genius child", because I was able to count to 50 at 1,5 years of age and tell all the colours (lol, what a genius !). I learned to speak relatively early, and I can still remember being a baby. I remember my memories when I was 3 years old.
But I wasn't a genius. I was just relatively smart, and wanting to think and asking questions all the time. But, because of people's and my mom's defining me as a genius, I was considering myself as a very-clever when I was a child. This ultimately resulted as a devastatingly-huge disappointment when I saw and met genius childs, and despite knowing I am not best mind on the planet, I cannot accept it on my subconsciousness, for example, seeing Marco Arturo on the internet (you can search him) recently resulted me again same disappointment.
And I often will use knowledge and intelligence as same meaning on this post, so when I say geniusness or anything like that, consider both meanings, because both of them result same disappointment for me.
As i said, I have a curiousity about science and philosophy, I love biology (Evolution, Taxonomy, Animals; especially Dinosaurs), planets/universe, technology, history (world history, human history), philosophy, religions/roots and history of religions, civilizations (especially ancient ones), psychology/human behavior, public gender roles/taboos, ethical values.. I love to know more and more, and crave for knowing things. But, I have a huge downside; laziness.
Even a topic I absolutely love to think of, if time has come to gather information on that topic for more knowledge, I become a snob shit. I get bored on that about second paragraph or so. And, even tho I can remember my babyhood, I cannot remember aftermath of it. I cannot remember anything and forget many things that happened except my baby times. And It also can affect my knowledge gathering adventures since sometimes even if I taught so much things to myself, I can forget it all of them, and my time will go wasted. Thus, I think I have a very trivial knowledge on many topics but not in-depth on any of them (except philosophy). And again, if some person that is a master at any topic I listed that I am interested to think of, comes and tells me what's true or not, I go crazy out of jelaousity. 

I stopped reading books from my laziness and internet. I readed books like a machine to my mid-puberty years. After that, I addicted to the internet and get lazier.

I cannot empty my mind from thinking. I think all the time, my find is like a complicated trap. I think about my interested topics, I think about my future, I think about aftermath, I sometimes think about more simple things, such as a videogame, but I cannot stop thinking, and It affects my mental health negatively also, because it really gets me exhausted all the time, and I tend to think negatively.

I suffered from extreme social anxiety and phobia since I was 4 or so. It still continues, but very reduced when I got psychological help. When any person approached me to talk and/or ask something, I would breathe heavily constantly when I was a child. I choose to avoid people, I dunno why, but all the conversations I had with people feels extremely stupid. I sometimes think if I am anti-social. When I think a conversation with any person on my mind, I love it, but when it becomes a reality, I get very cringy and blush out of nothing. It feels empty and stupid. Like I said I still have social anxiety, and I think of what I said anything I feel stupid and empty aftermath a conversation, and shame myself because of it. Many times, I don't want to talk with people and even sometimes if I want to talk someone, I cannot find anything to say. It just flies off my mind. Because of that, I only talk with people to answer questions directed to me, since I know what to say in that situation, and people get bored from me easily because of that. I also take people's opinions too seriously and try to fit in. I cannot do "just ignore them".

I am also developed a very cowardly behaviour because of the social anxiety. On my school years, I always faced bullying. Always. I avoid arguing with people on face-to-face situation. Even If it is not a deal to many people, I avoid for no reason. I really cannot understand why.

I adopted existensial and moral nihilism as a viewpoint for the world. I cannot enjoy anything (anhedonia), because it feels stupid and empty. I want to do something fun, and think I will enjoy it when I imagine some activity that is fun, but when I do it, I say "that's it?? Is that I've been wanting for all the time??" I also cannot understand how people views subjective things as they are objective (for example; art, music, ethical values, moral values that defines what's wrong or not. If you try to argue with people on these, people will go crazy and direct these subjective things as objective arguments). 

I always tried to be a special person. Knowledge was my approach to this goal. I wanted to be looked with admiration. But since I think like an emo like nihilism manner, I imagined that situation and thought again as "Was that I've been trying to do?" It also feels empty. I currently think no one is special from one another, no matters how you're intelligent, has knowledge, has ability to produce music that eveyone admires, how beautiful you are.. Once you're dead, it means nothing. All your effort/luck will gone. Freddie Mercury died and all of his consciousness gone forever. It means not nothing yet, people still admiring him but eventually he will be forgetted. And his existence will mean nothing. We will die after about 80 years and we mean nothing. We are just one of the unimportant part of huge universe. I cannot understand people's lifetime goals and what they trying to do on their lives. Why? We're just little part of a giant self-recycling system.

I'm having really hard time writing this because like I said, I cannot remember anything. It's like a notch toned down alzheimer. I forget everything and I just forgot what I am considering depressing.

Let's get on my sexual behavior. I am not heterosexual, that's for sure, but I cannot define myself as any of the LGBT community's binaries. I cannot %100 fit any of their binaries (gay, bi, trans etc). I think I am trans, but my phychologist says It could be caused by sexual fetishes and asks me to imagine being a woman and says if I think I will be comfortable in that gender. I also fear of bein g trans, since world hasn't accepted fully trans people yet, and I may face bullying, which is one of my worst fears since my school years. Heck, even if I fit to society as undisguisable woman, it's still hard, being woman is harder than being a man. It's also my one of the worst traits, staying off from hard.
First of all, I hate most of males' bodies. It's very rare If I like a male body, but I like male genitalia more than female genitalia. Thus, I'm mainly attracted to trans people (not undergone operation).
Like I said I don't male body, but I absolutely have attraction to female body. And I want to be in a body that I'm attracted to, I cannot understand heterosexual people's attraction to opposite gender while still loving their body. I cannot get it. I also have very large body (tall, large hands, feet, arms and legs) so I'm afraid of the outcome If I gone under hormone treatment. I fear of being a "freak", as public's definition. I have many fetishes, Including bondage, bdsm play, denial, feet, dominance over me etc. I see sex as a drug for not thinking at least for a short time about this meaningless world, even if I think when I done it, I also say "That was it??". I hate imagining myself in active partner, I love to imagine myself as pasive partner. I've never had sex, (my country is relatively conservative, and I still have social anxiety over me) but I played with toys. Like I said I like male genitalia, and even If I undergo hormone treatment one day, I don't want to undergo uperation, because I cannot think that organ as a "true" vagina. Even thinking of it feels really horrid, It's just like Frankenstein's monster. Penis splitted in half and a part of rectum insterted in a place that cutted with knife, on you. I cannot even imagine that situation, and even technology advances one day to make a "true" vagina, I doubt I still want it on me, because like I said, I like male genitalia, even if I not use it on as an active partner. I get really jelaous of trans people's stunning bodies, and how they achieved it affects my psychology negatively. I want the same thing!

Sex and playing video games is what I see as partial escape-holes from the world. I play video games and surfing on the internet all the time, about 14 hours a day. I tried going out with people, but, like I said, It felt meaningless.

I considering suicide as an option, but I have no guts for doing it yet. Many time we taugt how bad it is to committing suicide, and how wonderful world is, It's just a quick ending. Everyone will live this ending someday, some are earlier, some are late. I cannot see any single reason why suicide is bad.

Anyways, like I said, my english is really bad,because of that, I cannot express myself better than my native language, and forgive me for my mistakes. Thank you all for reading this long post.
