I'm 21-- found out I was pregnant a few weeks ago, in court, struggling emotionallyI'm in a very new relationship, we made it official earlier this year, with an individual who is six years older than me (he has a full-time job and going to school full-time). We quickly became very close and have decided that we are going to live together starting in August (which is something neither of us has done with a previous partner). We are both emotionally intelligent and have great communication. Thing is, a few weeks ago I felt like I was pregnant, but then I started having terrible cramps. It was too early for a pregnancy test, so I had to wait it out. A day after the cramping, I began bleeding, and more so than usual. I figured that I wasn't pregnant after all, but after 13 days of a "period", or so I thought, I went to the doc and found out that I had miscarried. Neither my partner or myself are ready for children, but when I got home that evening, I was really upset. Even though it was an accident, I felt like I lost a part of me. And I just feel so alone, and I want to be able to have a child, but no one would be accepting because of my age. (And understandably so, because I am a poor student).


I guess I'm just having a rough time because of the miscarriage of course, but I'm also going through court to get my abuser in prison, and it's been a long drawn out process and only putting me further in debt. I'm just so sick of worrying about finances. I wonder if it's even worth it--going to court. I still self-injure, which began nine years ago when the abuse started (from my mom's ex), and because of the incidents, I now have Post Traumatic Stress Disorder. 

I work at a rehab for sex addiction, eating disorders, and substance abuse, as a Mental Health Technician. I think I'm going to quit this week, because I feel like such a hypocrite by self-injuring. I just don't know what to do. I'm not in the right place of mind to be doing this sort of work. It's not a good environment for me to be in, but I have nothing else to do.

I feel very hopeless and alone. Please help.