I don't know what to do or who to turn to.I have no friends. I'm terribly alone. The only thing that has kept me going this long is my 7 year old daughter. Her mom and I split 2 years ago. She kept coming back and forth. She had a child by another guy just after a couple months. In my stupidity, I still would of taken her back. I got fed up because I just got tired of the games she was playing and it wasn't fair to me or the other guy so i sent him all the screen shots, pictures, horrible things she said about him. The thing is and I know people change but she wouldn't of done this but she did. It wasnt entirely my place to say anything and I wasnt trying to break them up because I sgot myself in the foot by doing it. I was tired of it and felt he had a right to know and she didnt just cheat with me. Certainly not after all we went through for the 10 years we were together, I'd ever think she could be so careless and callous with my enotions. She was the first person i was ever with and I think that compounded us splitting but she played around with me and she said well, we definitely wouldn't get back after sending those texts. I'm surprised she wasn't more mad but am i to think had i not sent then, things would of continued until when? How do you flip like that. By sending those, all the bad things suddenly didn't matter but i know she still had feelings but why say you hate him. I'd rather her be honest. I can handle honesty but to mess around with me like she did. I don't get what her endgame was and it was always one excuse why she couldn't leave. One after the other. He'll be homeless, when did i cease to matter? There's so much more but I don't want to take up your redditor's time. I'm just so tired. I fought for it for so long to get this. I cut off communication all except for what we have to dor our daughter but she's the only friend i have. Its only been 2 days not talking.  I have really bad panic attacks and anxiety and don't really get out much. I'm just sad and tired and i fight this for my daughter but I'm sure everyone else who has done it and had kids and fought for them. Just when is enough enough? 