Scared myself todayI'm a 20 year old who lives a decent life, is attending college, and just started a new job as a bank teller. I don't really want to die but I have struggled with suicidal ideation since I was in elementary school. Often, when I have an episode of depression I ponder all the ways I could end it which bums we out even more. I'm also on the autism spectrum so I have a hard time managing my emotions and expressing them to other people. I also have serious social anxiety and have a hard time engaging in meaningful conversations and forming/maintaining new relationships. I don't cut, but I have hurt myself in impulsive rage. None of my friends or family seem to fully understand the extent of emotional pain I am in on a daily basis. My mother is long dead, my relationship with my father doesn't exist, and my stepmother is a toxic and unreasonable alcoholic. The only person in my household I can connect with is my younger brother, but he is going away to college leaving me in a toxic cesspool that is my household. 

Most days I have to force myself to study or do homework which I often procrastinate on. I don't even do anything else to fill the time. I just scroll through Reddit on my phone and rack up the screen time. Sometimes I just curl up on the bed with the shades down and wallow is self pity. Only recent I have made an effort to stop self medicating with weed which has helped but not by much. Also for ten years I had an abusive friend who was manipulative and often criticized me for my social performance. He acted like a crazy, possessive girlfriend and would force me to go to parties and inform me of all the shit people would say about me. On night he even went on a tirade at me and predicted that I would one day kill myself. My other friend, who was there, watched it happen and did nothing. While he is no longer in my life I feel like I will be the victim of the fulfilling prophecy. 

Today I scared myself by drafting a suicide note and am now concerned that my suicidal ideation is getting out of control. Often, I think about killing myself over trivial things that cause me anxiety. In this case it is passing in a garbage paper I know I'm going to fail. While I live in a constant state of anxiety, paranoia, and self loathing, but I don't want to die. I want live and experience life, just not the life I am living. While I know I'm not suppose to be guilty about it, I always feel bad about how materially well off I am but how mentally broken I am at the same time. Really, everything in my life is going relatively well, I have decent grades and am transferring from community college to a four year school, I have money in the bank and a relatively new car, and I just started a new job as a bank teller. When I am not thinking about dying, I am thinking about all the possibilities in life and all of the things I want to do. I don't want to end when there is a possibility it can all get better. To make things worse the one friend I hang out with on a frequent basis is going through his own problems and has chosen to cut himself off from people and as much as I try to reach out to him I get nothing back. I do have a therapist that I see every week and she's great, but there hasn't been much reduction in my suicidal thoughts. I'm trying to ride it out but the loneliness and isolation is getting to me and I'm afraid I will impulsively end my life. 