Hello again.First of all, fuck any and all of you that say it gets better. Would you like to know how long I've been told that? Decades. I'm 31 years old, and it gets worse. Much much worse. Every time you think it can't get any worse, and at least you made it, it gets worse. 

Next, to anyone who recommends exercise (as if only couch potatoes get depressed), fuck you too. I went from a size 54 to a size 44 and look better than I have in 10 years. Not only do I not feel better, I feel much much worse. 

Honestly, there's not really much else that I've been told that tried to fix any of this. Did you know that? Like, no one has any other advice. Maybe no one cares that much. Or maybe they just know it's a lost cause. 

All I want is someone to talk to. Hell, even just someone to sit next to and not talk would be fine. Just put up with my bitching for a few hours till I get over it. God, it'd be nice if someone could tell me what I need to do. Even better, push me to do it. Help me, guide me, not stop till I'm there. That's too much to ask of someone though, and I know that. Doesn't keep me from wishing for it though. 

I'm probably done with my wife. I don't really have the ability to decide at this point, but I'm trying to make a break. I'm going to lose my daughter, my house, I'll have to drop out of school, and I don't have any friends or family I can go to. I don't have anywhere I want to go, nothing I want to accomplish. I have no cause I can contribute to. All I have is a lot of pain and sadness that keeps begging me to end. 

I've been seeing a therapist, and tried taking meds, but all it's done is delay it a bit. The only difference is that if I would have done it before, my daughter could have grown up with a better dad. 

I don't know why I post here, as you people can't really help. I just wish you could. 

I can't even have a last meal, I tried eating and I just couldn't keep it down. It was literally painful to taste. It hurts to move, it hurts to think, it hurts even when I'm just sitting here not thinking. I'm in pain, and I'm afraid, and I don't know what to do. 

It hurts to breath. If pain was lethal I wouldn't even have to do anything. I'd have been dead years ago. I guess pain is just your body's way of flipping you off. "By the way, did you know you are a piece of shit and your life sucks? Just thought you'd want to know that."

I feel like saying thank you, even though none of you have ever helped me. Like, thanks for trying? A for effort and all that. 

Sometimes I think I should be an asshole before I die, that way people won't be as sad. I know it doesn't work that way, but it's a thought.