I wish there weren't consequences.I didn't know where to post this. I feel like the worst version of myself for even coming here, for consciously looking up these kinda of forums (is that correct terminology? I mean I know they're called 'subreddits' but I'm not a regular user so pardon the lack of knowledge) I feel like I'm ruining myself by enabling these parts of me. And this isn't to shame people. I can't shame anyone for wanting to die. I can't act appalled or disturbed by an act of self harm or destructive behaviour because I know. I know feelings—whatever happens in our heads that makes every emotion so heavy and real—are complicated. I know this is all shit. I know that even though not everyone feels this way, every breath I take is harder than the last one I took. And I know that maybe there are things to look for in my future. That I should hold on. That this doesn't have to define the entirety of my being. But I am so tired. And not in the way that I've told myself for four years. Not in the way where I just want to sleep it all  away and avoid my life completely. I am tired of trying and arguing with my own head about why I can't die. Why it's wrong. Why I have to hold on. I'm tired of having to think of the consequences. Maybe it helps. Maybe it's essential because at least it ties me back to reality. But really. Isn't enough, enough? Why can't I hurt myself without the guilt of knowing my own self destruction affects other people too. God it frustrates me so much. I don't want to be a victim. I don't want people to feel sorry for me. I don't even want to be worried or concerned for anymore. Because all of those things become factors. They become links. It's like if I knock myself down, this single domino piece, I knock everyone else's tile along with mine. I don't want that. I don't want to be the cause of other people's hurting. I just don't understand why it's so fucking hard for people to let me go. I don't want to be a victim. I want to feel light. I don't know what that's like. I can't even remember the last time I felt wholehearted relief. I don't know what I'm doing anymore. I don't know what any of this means. I feel like I'm still existing, I'm still breathing because I can't let go either. And I know I'm scared of death. But not as much as I used to be. And I guess I just wish all the rational parts that continue to keep me from really doing something just broke. I'm tired. This is all so fucking weird. I'm this thing, this person with feelings and words and memories and just things that connect me to other people and let me be affected and affect other people and things and I can't handle it. I can't fucking handle it I love a lot a things. I love a lot of people. And I know that there are incredible fucking things that this weird as shit world has brought. But it's this utter permanent knowing in my head all the time now, that if I keep on pushing this, and I keep on trying and breaking and continuing, I'm doing it for me. And I can't like me. I don't know why. I wish I could fucking like me. I wish a lot of fucking things. But I also know that all of this isn't as big as my head makes it seem. And I wish the consequences that keep me from just doing it, weren't really a thing. I wish I was dead. I guess there's that difference between wishing and wanting. 