It's time to go.I already picked a date. 20.01.2026. It's the same day I found out that the only person that I've ever loved, loves another one. 
When I was a child, other people always bullied me. Family, friends, neighbors, strangers. Fat, ugly, stupid. I don't remember my mom or dad ever hugged me with love. She passed away 3 years ago and I can't stop blaming myself. She always said that no one will ever love me. Dad was.. he was there to yell and beat me whenever is needed (most of the time not needed). So did she. I started cutting and hitting myself when I was about 11 years old. No one noticed. Few years later my parents found out. And again, yelled and beated me. I have 3 suicide attempts. The second one, my mom saw something is wrong but never said anything or did anything. The third time was recently. Dad just went to sleep while I was vomiting out my life. Funny, isn't it. I met Him more than 7 years ago. I was really into him but he is older than me and had a girlfriend. We hooked one time and... It was the first time I enjoyed it.. the first time I'm doing because I wanted. It felt good. How stupid I was? He had a girlfriend. Never texted him again. He somehow found me in Instagram (end of September 2017)  and we started texting. His girl moved in another country. We met in October and.. started dating.. it was so good. Everything was nice.. except we had to do it in secret - he didn't broke up with his gf (I felt awful). Eventually he broke up with her in April. Everything started good. Then He met Her. She was just a friend.. :) and I was just stupid.  The frustrating part is that I'm 20, he is 28, she is 16/17. :) He made me believe that.. maybe I do deserve to be happy. Nobody ever stuck with me for more than 2 months. He was around for about a year.. I trusted him. Nobody was that genuine with me before him. Nobody every showed the slightest sign of love and affection. I fully trusted.. and then.. cold.. everyone else knew they were dating but not me. 😁 
I'm so stupid. I'm so stupid for believing someone will love me, or fell for my ugly face. I made myself so easy to love. I was such a good girlfriend. I did everything, im telling you, everything to make him feel good - whatever he asked for.. but I guess It wasn't enough. I wasn't enough. I will never be good enough for someone to stay. It's always about the sex. It's always when they are lonely or looking for fun. Always. My mom was right - no one will love me. Not with this face. Not with this body. Not with this character. Not with this mind. Not with this baggage. Why do I even try tho? Fml I fail in everything, I couldn't even kill myself THREE TIMES. I failed three times. I failed my school, couldn't get my degree. I'm trying to stay in lane but lately I have more suicide thoughts. I'm thinking again about drinking and cutting.. for now u just hit my head and somehow .. it's helping.. It really does! 
Now, I don't want you to think he is a bad person. He is not. I am the one that failed him. I've lied to him few times and probably this is the reason he left me. I don't know. The funny part is that we are connected with something and I get to see them often ^^ we will travel in a week and I will have to see their happy faces and hear her laugh and see their kisses. Maybe I will kill myself then? Maybe few days around their wedding? Or maybe I will wait patiently till 20.01.2026? I don't know either. I'm totally alone. No one to speak with. Total isolation. I'm devastated. I write in my diary... My only friend.. Eh, probably I've wastes your time as well. Sorry! I'm just a waste of space and deserve zero happiness or whatever good stuff. The only thing I deserve is a shallow pit where I can die and bother no one. 
Sorry for making you read this. 
Hope I die anytime soon.




TLDR: Depression; Suicide; Met someone; Spent beautiful 1 year; They met "a friend"; I am a f mess again; talking how bad I am; prolly will kill myself anytime soon