It’s my birthday but I want to die.First off, my situation just makes no sense to me. 

I have a lot of close connections with people who will support me and have proven so, so it’s not like I’m alone. Ever since I’ve been diagnosed with Dysthymia, my family have been making more effort to connect with me. For example, a sibling of mine keeps in touch with me more and my parents have stopped arguing everyday (at least in front of me). 

I do have a lot of stress from college because I feel like I’m not doing well enough. I kept procrastinating even though I make an effort to start early because I know that somehow, I am afraid, although I know it’s necessary to do my work. I would get panicked near deadlines and that has helped me not backlogged but lately it’s like I seem to care less and less to the point that I just don’t feel the desperation anymore. I am backlogged because of that, yes. 

The past two weeks I’ve gotten sick again (to keep it simple, for 1-2 years I’ve been getting sick every 2-3 months with a lot of infections like laryngitis, tonsillitis and bronchitis to name a few.  At the end of last year I got tonsillectomy done and I was fine for half a year until I got sick again. My lungs don’t like me recently it seems. I don’t smoke or drink alcohol or anything, just a weaker immune system I suppose.) and during that time I stopped taking Valdoxan since it clashed with the antibiotics I was taking for my infection, as the alternative I was allergic to. So of course me being sick, slowed me down even more and I’m more backlogged.

Basically, I have no idea why although it’s my birthday and I will be going for a birthday dinner with my sibling later, and my parents and friends will be seeing me this weekend, I feel absolutely shut down and miserable. I feel like either overdosing on something or just walking to a highway and hope a collision kills me on spot because at least, people who care about me would think I tried my best to live instead of seeing me waste away on a hospital bed because I have no will anymore. 

I feel very utterly hopeless, useless and full of guilt because I do not understand why eventhough my life generally seems fine. At this point I feel like a burden to everyone as usual because they can’t help me when I can’t even help myself. 

To reiterate, it’s my birthday and I want to die because I feel like I have no reason to feel this way when life seems good. I hate myself for feeling this way illogically. I am a burden at this point. 

Many times I wish I was one of the miscarried babies of my mother, because I’m sure my other siblings would’ve lived their life much better than me.

If you’ve read this far, thank you. 