Just need a purpose...I am quite surprised at how many people come to here to confess their suicidal thoughts...me being one of them as I write this post...keep reading please, I  just need some advice...or something inspiring.

I’m 34(m), single, no kids, have a decent job even during this time of pandemic where everyone seems to be losing their job left and right. 

Many of you will hate me for even feeling this way because I should be grateful in my situation. The problem is that I don’t feel like I have any sense of purpose. Everyday is a just another day, waking up and repeating the same routine. Go to work, come home, and repeat.

There is two reasons that is causing me to feel suicidal lately (for a while actually):

1. I’ve put myself in a bad position, financially. I have a spending addiction and have always had a mindset of buy now pay later. All of that has been slowly catching up to me and every paycheck now goes to debt payments causing me to go paycheck to paycheck. 

2. This is the biggest contribution factor: I have so much anxiety at my job. For the first reason, it is difficult for me to just quit due to my poor past financial decisions. It would also not be wise to do so during this time of pandemic, seeing that I am already feeling suicidal. I hate my job. Extremely political and I feel so much anxiety because expectations are sometimes well above me or asking for a lot in a little amount of time. To be honest, I feel like I am a bit in over my head sometimes and I don’t even fully understand what I’m doing at times. I’m thinking about how stupid this post is now but I want to finish it...management also is a pain. I don’t understand why some managers act the way they do, perhaps it’s from higher ups or just power hungry personalities. Do they find joy in making other people’s lives stressful? I hate this notion of get it done now because the work place should never be a life or death atmosphere unless we’re talking about health or safety first responders. Most other jobs are not that serious...I almost think that one day if this pandemic ever goes away, maybe I’ll have to just find a new career or make some kind of change because my current job has been unhealthy, emotionally...should I just quit with a mountain of debt and just say f it? My credit will be ruined but if I don’t make a change, my life and health will be ruined...I honestly don’t know what to do...

The only thing stopping me from doing ‘it’ is because I don’t have to put my family through the pain of losing someone...specifically my grandparents. If my grandparents were around, I would probably do it...there really is no purpose for my existence. I’m not one that anyone will remember. I have stop talking to most of my friends because of difference in interest that I find no joy in when spending time with them and it has only made me more socially distant from them. I put on a image that everything is fine and no one has a clue that I feel suicidal. I joke about it with my coworkers but they have no idea that I actually think about doing it in my own head. 

Anyways I hope someone has something positive to keep me going...