No one understands how I could be a parent and also suicidal
The first time I tried to kill myself I was 11 years old. From that moment on I have been dealing with unrelenting depression. For almost 20 years since that first attempt, I have tried almost everything to cure or alleviate my symptoms:

I’ve been on antidepressants,
I’ve completed inpatient and outpatient therapy, 
I tried to find God, join a church, volunteer 
I studied Buddhism/meditation/mindfulness, 
I’ve tried introspection while on psychedelics,
I’ve tried fasting,
I’ve tried lifting weights/daily running,
I’ve tried to get more sleep,
I’ve tried so many things...

But the biggest mistake of my life was trying to manufacture a stereotypically “happy” life by getting married and having children. Like an idiot, I thought I could mend the trauma of a shitty childhood by giving my own children a happy life. Thinking back I realize what a selfish and irresponsible decision this was, but obviously I cannot change this now. 

I love my children, and for a few years they were literally the ONLY reasons for staying alive and going through the motions. They do bring me joy and give me purpose, but my brain has a way of stealing my happiness. Over the past year or so, I have convinced myself that I should kill myself soon, while they’re too young to remember me. Now they look at me with unconditional love—I am beautiful and kind and capable in their eyes. But I know that over the years, they will see me as the fat sack of useless shit I actually am. I’m starting to feel that I should leave while they are still happy, functioning kids. My spouse will easily find another partner who will hopefully accept them as their own. Don’t get me wrong, I know that there may be some residual pain leftover from losing a parent, but consider the alternative: impressionable young kids watching me having panic attacks at the wheel (driving anxiety), crying for days on end, gaining and losing 50 lbs each year as I spend days too sad to eat or too sad to stop eating, going to inpatient therapy for a week every 3 years because I said the wrong thing to my counselor. Surely that is a recipe for disaster.

I’ve told people this but no one seems to understand how I could be so selfish to bring my children into this world just to leave them behind. My therapist told me once “think of your children.” Yes, I am ALWAYS thinking of my children. As I said before, this strategy worked in the past. But now I know that my death is better than my existence. 

Are there any parents here that understand what I mean? Anyone who lost a parent while they were too young to remember, can you tell me how it has affected you today?