I dont want to die but its all I think aboutIm so torn reddit, I always seem to out myself in situations that end up draining my energy and my feelings. I have this bad tendency of putting the wrong people in pedestals, forgetting that they are human too, and often portraying them as more important than myself. My biggest insecurity has to do with romance, its like I need to be liked or loved by someone whom I think is beyond my reach, because if that person shows interest, my ego spikes up. 

Long story short I put myself in a situation in which I was taken advantage of, the worst part is, I knew this from the beginning but my only goal was to be felt, and to feel. But now I feel like the biggest piece of shit, its like an ecstacy high, so much fun in the moment but when the effects wear off youre left exhausted and depressed.

Lately I have been repressing my feelings, ignoring the signs that Ive wanted to cry because "I can do that later", and the other night, with alcohol, I just came to the realization that Ive been making unwise decisions to please instant gratification desires. This only takes me to this horrible, messy brain that tells me nasty and horrible things that I wish I could execute. The only way to do such a thing is dying but I dont want anything to do with my own death, if that makes sense. 

I dont want to go back to medicine, nor do I want to go to therapy, given the fact how the medical industry works. Ive been off meds for more than 4 months and was on them for 3 years and now I think that my emotions are all over the place, Im even craving hard drugs just to shut this voice.

Whats weird is that these voices go as follows:
"She killed herself (me)

She did?

Yeah 

How?"

*imagine wicked death 

So basically I talk about myself in 3rd person and it is literally driving me nuts. I could be doing something productive like studying and all of a sudden I find myself literally talking about myself in a 2nd point of view. Is there a medical term for this? 

Every day this is my battle. Of course it ia accentuated after a night of drinking or consuming but its becoming sharper day by day. 

I just want to feel at ease in my own body and mind, is that too much to ask?
