I don't know how to go onI don't even really know where to start. Basically, I've hated my life for many years now, for no other reason than myself. There has always been some periods where I could live in the illusion of enjoying my time, but those were rare and never lasted very long.

First things first. I'm 18 years old, male body, gay. I always wanted to be a girl since I was very young, but never had the confidence to tell anyone. I'd play with dolls and other stuff designed for girls, I'd be drawn to books, shows and games with female main characters, and even be a girl in my dreams at night. I used to (more or less) secretly cross dress when I was younger, but since I've gone through puberty, I can't really pull it off anymore.
Which brings me to my next point. I'm extremely self-conscious, which makes quite a painful combination with my unfortunate physical features. I look absolutely hideous for a guy already, no amount of surgery could ever turn me into a decent looking girl. I have a very large, asymmetrical and fleshy head with a hair line that is way too far back for my age. Whatever I do with my hair, it ends up looking like absolute trash. My eyes are weirdly downturned and too close together. They are extremely small as well, and my unnaturally long eye lashes hang down in front of them like a curtain and make them look even weirder. My brows have the most unusual form, in a very negative way. Plucking them only makes it look worse. Weird unnatural creases run down from the inner corners of my eye down to my very jaw line. My chin and forehead are too large in both width and length. I have a weird redness on my cheeks and nose which no amount of make up can seem to cover up. My hips are too wide for a man, my shoulders are too broad for a woman, and my legs are too short for a human being in general. I look very plump and oddly misshapen, becoming a girl would only make everything worse.

Because of this, I've basically given up on the thought of ever getting any sort of operation, and started living as a normal guy, but it's slowly killing me. I don't recognize that hideous person in the mirror as myself. It's insanely stressful for me to leave the house. I constantly have to imagine what other people think of about me. I look at every puddle or window to see my reflection in the faint hope that I won't look as bad as I think I do, but I'm let down every single time. I've started letting myself go. What's the point in going to a hair stylist if your hair is going to look shit anyway? Even a nice haircut is going to loom completely weird and out of place on an ugly head like mine. I've also started sheltering myself completely, I only talk to the few friends that I have over skype, because I just can't talk to strangers at all. 

So there we have it. I've never been a people kind of person. I've had very few (albeit good) friends in my life, and I've never been in any sexual or romantic relationship, ever. I'm 18 years old, male, and a kissless virgin. Isn't that pathetic? Since I've tried to convince myself of being a guy for such a long time now, it even feels a little bit true, and I don't even know if I'm a boy or a girl anymore. Everything feels so weird and unreal.
I've had thoughts about suicide since I was a young teenager, and I used to cut myself quite frequently a few years ago. I somehow managed to stop doing that, but I'm still just kind of dwelling around, don't know what to do with my life and just hate everything about me.

The worst part is that I shouldn't even feel like this. I come from a very loving and caring family, I've never really had any sort of problems in my life. I know people who have been abused or have it far worse than me, yet I am the one who wants to die over a something that is only in my head. I can't go on like this. I've never openly talked about this to anyone because it just seems so trivial and I fear that they would judge me. But to me, everything feels so painful.

I keep daydreaming about just resetting life, starting all over again, and telling my parents that I'm a girl and forcing them to permit an operation on me when I haven't gone through puberty yet, when my shoulders are still slim and my head is still small, and I still look like a normal human being. Sometimes I wonder if I might be reborn as a girl if I just die. I don't believe in reincarnation, but I almost value that small chance higher than the life I currently have. I live a life of knowing that I can't ever be the person that I want to be. Everything feels blurry and messy like a fever dream.

Where I live, the winter holidays are almost over. Next week, I have to go to class again, where other people can see me and talk to me as well as about me. I don't think I'll manage to go there. I want to die.