On edge - alone in a foreign country that just announced a strict lockdown, without health insurance yet to get on medsI just moved to Germany to begin university. My health insurance hasn't kicked in yet because my university needs to confirm to  the health insurance provider that I'm enrolled and I need to wait at least a week more. I'm completely alone here, and it's almost impossible to meet people here because of corona, AND the government just decided to basically close EVERYTHING, even most parks, for a whole month, and there are lots of restrictions on meeting people that are going to go into effect. My apartment will be a studio apartment, without roommates, even though it's in a building that only houses students.

I feel super alone and stressed out about the future that my OCD intrusive thoughts are getting so bad that it's hard to walk on the sidewalk outside because I'm afraid of accidentally bumping into people or causing a bike or car crash when getting onto the bus or crossing the street. These thoughts get noticably worse with higher stress, and everything with corona is pushing me over the edge. I want anti anxiety meds so bad but I can´t pay for them yet. 

It's been almost a month since I actually had a real conversation with somebody I have a connection with, not just random people in the laundromat or store or McDonalds. I want to see, talk to, hug somebody but I met someone from an app without distancing in like May and wanted to kill myself out of guilt, even though none of our families showed signs of corona before or after. I learned my lesson but I can't do this for however many years our politicians want to. I feel like I need to find friends or a relationship before I fucking kill myself even though it seems it won't be possible forever. I'm acting noticably strange and I know it because of all this isolation and my OCD getting super bad. I can't afford to go to a hospitable because I'm not acutely suicidal or in danger of committing suicide but I just have very strong suicidal thoughts. And I can't drop out of unviersity which begins next week.

Idk what to do