I'm not sure what I should do. I'm too afraid to tell any of my friends or family about what I've been feeling. I don't feel I know myself any more.I'm 21 years old. I have Asperger's Syndrome, ADHD, and selective eating disorder. (although I don't think that's diagnosed I just recently found out about it. I have been a picky eater all my life however.) Over the last 4 years I have been feeling depressed about a number of things. The first is I hurt a friend from school because I was naive at the time in what I was saying and feeling. I thought I was in love with someone for a while but then stopped feeling the feeling I thought was love and told her I didn't love her any more. The stupid thing is that I didn't even begin to realize until a year later how hurtful that was. Now I don't think I'll ever forgive myself. Since then I've been having a identity crisis over my orientation, and recently my gender. I'm not sure who I am any more. I  feel like I might be gay or demisexual. I can't tell though, and I feel I won't know for sure without experience. But I'm afraid to tell my parents. And if I don't tell my parents, I can't really act on it.
But not only that, for years I've felt like I don't think I can get a job or live on my own independently. I feel useless because how naive I am. And also although I haven't looked into it much I think I might have social anxiety disorder. Whenever I go out for a walk (I'm really overweight so for the last few months I've been trying to exercise because I don't want to deal with any more health problems.) and pass by people I just get incredibly nervous and feel scared people think I'm a freak. Just random people walking by. I don't even know how to begin understanding why I feel that way, but I do. Sometime I'm afraid people might think I'm homeless because I always carry a water bottle with me on walks. (I've always been a pretty heavy water drinker.) At this point in my life, I don't feel I can even be a member of society any more. Also, in the last few years a lot has happened. I had a kidney stone, which was the worst most painful experience my entire life. Then 5 months ago I had really bad toothaches to the point where I couldn't think, sleep or watch T.V. Ever since then though I've been brushing my teeth 3 times a day. But now, there has been a bed bug infestation for the last couple of weeks and I've been afraid of bugs ever since I was young. (Mosquito's used to keep me up until 1 in the morning when I was younger.) I could barely sleep. A couple of days ago we got the house fumigated, though, so sleeping has been easier since because most of the bed bugs are gone. (Aside from 2 my sister has reportedly seen.) As I'm writing this now my depression is calming down. It only really gets bad for an hour a day. But I don't think I can handle it much longer. And I don't know what to do to deal with it. I don't have any close friends who I can get help from, and as I said I'm too scared to tell my parents. I've also been feeling like I'm not really a male, like maybe I'm a female. (The last few years I've had the fantasy of wearing dresses and skirts and bow and looking frilly.) And now I'm beginning to feel like I don't even know myself any more. I don't think I'm going to commit suicide any time soon mostly because I know from research how much it could hurt my family and friends. (And also the risk of just being permanently disabled for life if I fail scares me.) I am not really depressed most of the time, but when I am it's pretty strong. It's weird how I can be calm and rational and put on a straight face most of the time with how much is actually bothering me. And it's weird that I only feel depressed at all maybe an hour a day. I think deep down I'm still sad but I'm shutting it out so I can function.
Edit: Just remembered, one other thing that has been bothering me greatly is that I can't seem to get enjoyment out of anything any more in the last year or so, (which I know is a natural symptom of depression but it still really bothers me because I feel like I'm wasting my life away.)