My long-term suicide planI don’t fear death anymore. I remember I used to be so scared of dying and now I look back at why a coward I was. There’s nothing scary about death. Maybe the death of the ones you love can be scary, but your own death shouldn’t be. It’s no different than going to sleep, and you have peace to look forward to afterwards. No happiness, no pain, no nothing. Just a nice, deep non-existential slumber that will be undisturbed for eternity. Being born is like being rudely waken up from that sleep (Not saying you existed before you were born. That’s stupid). I don’t think I’ve ever really enjoyed being alive in my 18 years of life. It’s like a downhill-slope; the more the years pass, the more shitty and boring it gets. The fact is that I am going to be a shitty failure of an adult. 

I never learned the basic skills needed to succeed at life and I have pathetic anger management skills. When something doesn’t work, I get angry. And even when something does work, I still get angry. It feels like my only to emotions are anger and sadness. And most of that anger is directed towards myself. Whether it be the nightly beating I give myself where I try to knock myself out for doing something stupid or doing something even more severe to my body, I turn my self hatred into physical punishment every small chance I get. I make no bones about it when I say I believe my very existence is a horrific plague on my loved ones and the rest of the world. What did they do wrong to deserve to get stuck with an abomination like me? I am a emotional and financial burden on my family. 

Everything is my fault. Hundreds of my Dad’s sperm cells could have fertilized my mother’s egg, and it just had to be me. I do not deserve to be granted the gift of life, and should have died minutes after being born. But nothing ever goes right in life, it seems. I’ve told my parents multiple times that they should’ve gotten an abortion or killed me while I was a baby, and that I’m a burden but they always respond the same; either with “you’re wrong” or “be positive”. I’m sick of it. They prohibit any chance of me being able to commit suicide in the next 20 to 30 years because they love me too much to be able to get over my death. Instead of looking at my suicide in a beneficial way (being rid of me), they view it as a tragedy. Which is why this plan can’t go on right now.

Oh, and before you go into the comments to type your motivational paragraphs on how it’s “not the answer” and “there’s hope”, don’t bother. I’ve thought about this for years now. I’ve weighed the effects, and the outcome of my suicide and also who it will benefit. This is not being done on emotional instinct. I’ve been planning this for a long, long time, and no amount of convincing will get me to back out. I’ll be deleting comments that try to do this. The only comments I’ll be keeping is those with advice on how to improve my plan.

First step if going to take place either during my mid-20s or 30s. I’m a patient person. If I have to wait for death, I will. This is going to be the bridge-burning step. I have to ruin every single connection and relationship I possibly can. Any bridge that can be burned will be burned. My family and friends should hate me by the time this step is complete. My parents are both in their 50s right now, so around the mid 2030s or 40s they should both be dead. If my two siblings don’t hate me at this point (I doubt they won’t), the will be the only ones negatively affected by my suicide. 

The giving back step is going to be the most fulfilling part. I’m selling anything. I’ll donate all my clothing to Goodwill and I’ll donate my entire life savings to something like St. Jude’s Hospital. I’m going to save a small portion of money ($100) to get a ride to the woods or some other remote area. I’ll sell my house to a family that actually deserves it, and then I’ll disappear. But not after leaving a note. I’m going to give the note to the new homeowners, and ask them not to open it. If any of my family calls to ask about me, give them he note. 

My suicide note is going to be short. I’ll explain that I pushed them away and made them hate me so that they wouldn’t be affected by my suicide. That I was always a burden and I don’t blame them for not accepting that fact. I don’t want them to waste money on a funeral, so I’ll just tell them to cremate me or leave my remains in the wilderness. Their choice. I’ll also ask that my organs be donated to a hospital, so that if someone of worth needs a transplant they can use them. 

Next is the suicide. I don’t know where exactly I’m going to disappear to yet, but at this point in my life I’ll be somewhere in Alaska. It shouldn’t be too hard to find a secluded place. My first idea was to get my hands on a shotgun, which I’ll admit was stupid. There’s no chance in hell I’ll be able to get a gun, and I don’t wanna go through the trouble of doing so. My original plan was to light myself on fire in my backyard and slowly burn to a crisp, but that’s a really fucked up thing to do to my neighbors, especially if they have kids who could see it. So my best bet is to just walk into the woods and wander until I die. I might chain myself to a tree so I die of starvation, or I could provoke an animal like a bear to rip me to shreds. That way I can provide food for an animal. The person or family who I gave the letter to can throw it out if none of my family comes to get it in 3 months. 

It was always going to end this way, no matter how optimistic I was about my future. I cannot imagine a future without suicide, as I’m sure a lot of other people my age do. I think that’s the scariest part about my generation; there might not be many of us left in 20 years. I sure as hell know I won’t be around lol. I think the only people who will be sad about my death is my nieces and nephews if they ever meet me. But as they get older my suicide should fade from their minds. I’m glad no one will care that I’m gone. Why would I want people to grieve and be upset about my passing? That’s horrible. I’m not something to be dwelled on for even a second. I want them to be happier now that I’m gone. 