I hate being blackI hate being black and I'm not trolling either, I feel like I am trapped in this life, and there's no way of escape. When I see Black slavery with pictures of black slaves holding monkeys, Blacks who were in chains, and whipped. Made me sick that I'm part of the same race, It disgusts me. Even without White supremacy existing I'd still be ashamed and sick that I belong to the black race. To even think that Black Americans are proud to be descended from such treachery. Also makes me very sick, How blacks act like animals I personally and sincerely hate my own race, it's history, and it's culture as of today. I'd rather be any other race than Black. 
    They victimize themselves and it sickens me,  the women shake their butts and this sickens me, they are uncivilized and it sickens me. 
   For Christ's sake even American Indians owned slaves. How can I truly accept that about myself, I'm fucked and feel like it's time to call it quits in life. I hope you all are fucking proud. 
      Everyone tries to be white and I don't blame them!  It angzrs me to the point I want to cry. My life is nothing more than a fucking joke a huge gigantic comedy. 
  I can't express my hatred to my family cause that would make me feel bad,  If you are any other fucking race than black be proud!  Quit fucking complaining you have it easy. Blacks though I'd rather have gone the trail of tears as a Native American than be black. 
    I'd be happy to be a white slave in the middle east than be black. There's nothing I like about myself except for the little white and the large percentage of Native American in me. 
     It's fucked up but I see why people kill themselves this life is shitty. I can't even express more about how I feel about this topic. I hate being black and would have rather not been born than be in this skin in this fucking flesh. 
    I am not skin bleaching myself, cause that doesn't make me white or Latino, I won't straighten my hair cause I'll still be seen as black. 
    I honestly feel like if there isn't a genetically alteration for people I'll call it quits in life I want to hold faith to humanity but I'm beginning to doubt if I'll ever the chance to change my ethnicity but through plastic surgery. 
         Which still doesn't change me! Ugh, don't tell me I should feel different my life is honestly over. I can't escape my ethnicity but by death. To all those are Supremacists good job you are responsible for a man on the tip point of ending his life. Which I'm sure you don't care. To Blacks thanks for giving me a shitty history to be ashamed and sickened of,  and to all people may you forget me,  hopefully God will give me a miracle to turn white but I doubt it. My life is a big game a fucking comedy show.