The need for a ropeI feel like I have a physical need to commit suicide. I constantly imagine how good it would feel to wrap a rope around my neck and just end it all. I've had this feeling for a few years now, but it's gotten a lot worse during this year because the world seems to be on a downhill and everything moving into sickening direction. I daydream everyday about how I'd just put a rope to the ceiling and get a stool and just choke to death.

I'm 25-years old and I feel like I've failed in my life miserably. I'm not productive, to be fair, I haven't done anything productive ever. I've always taken the easiest route and it's no surprise that I'm unemployed and have no education and no plans for the future. I hustle things here and there, leech of my friends and siblings and collect welfare to get by. I'm from a welfare state and it's a very shameful thing to be at the bottom of a society when you're living in a welfare state. My whole family is at the bottom of the society and it's always been like this. But, I have had every possibility available for me, but still I haven't done anything with my life. I cannot use my poor upbringing and the neighborhood I came from as an excuse because the education, healthcare and etcetera are free here. I'm a failure, that's the harsh truth and there's no denying that. I've always felt dumb and now I know that to be true. I used to have optimism but it's all gone now after watching these years just pass by and nothing changing. I've tried but never enough, I'm not capable enough to try enough to succeed over the ones who are naturally more talented and capable than me and have had a head start in life. 

It seems like my future is written. It's either that I continue doing nothing and just use all sorts of escapism to make my life tolerable or get a low paying job which I will hate and do it for the rest of my life and live somewhat respectable life. That low paying job is behind of a lot of work for me because the employment in my country is so fucked that nobody will hire anyone who's my age and has no work experience so that option feels like too much effort for the reward. I had such big expectations when I was a little younger but the reality slapped me hard to the face and I've only realized that I'm average at best and probably below average most of the time and there's no way I can ever do anything of significance in this world. I cannot ever make my family or friends really proud which I've always wanted to. I constantly ask myself that what's the point in living if you are of no value to society and to the greater good. Sure, my family and friends may get some joy out of my existence but it doesn't change the fact that I'm an spineless excuse for a human being and that I do nothing productive.

I want a purpose in life and I want to show an example to my younger siblings so that they don't have to end up like I am now or like how most of my family have. But, what kind of purpose can dumb fucker like me have in this world? If I'd work hard, I could come your below average working class citizen, but I know that I'd hate everyday that kind of life. I'd be fine in some professions, but I feel like I'm too retarded or socially handicapped for every profession that I would actually like to do. 

I wanna end this saying that I'm not going to kill myself for now because I know that it would hurt my family and likely my friends as well, I just wanted to write this out. Pardon for my English.