Masked BeautyI ruined Her when we tripped. This is the realization I have come to. I mean I ruined Her from the start of it all, I should have never initiated contact. I felt something I had never felt before, but I would have held myself back had I known what would become of us. Our trip is what started taking Her away.  We took far too much and sat underneath the largest, most resolute tree on my campus. It was fall in New England, and the trees were in full effect, as if they had known She was coming. We were in the bottom of a green grass bowl, surrounded by trees, large boulders, cold, looming brick buildings, and many many people, who, to us, appeared far colder than the stones and earth on which they sat. It was only the two of us who existed and felt, and ever since that day, it will always only be the two of us.  

We remained in that spot from the morning until long past dark, holding each other so tightly, laughing, crying, kissing. Any attempt by either of us to leave only brought us back to our sacred spot, beneath our tree. This spot now is where all of this still resides, all of Her, all of me, all of us. The two of us are still lying beneath that tree, holding onto one another, watching the sky night. It was such an unexplainable beauty, my Girl and the Stars, and it still is. However, the consequence resides in her, as she holds that dazzling image in her delicately beautiful mind, all the time, for who knows how long, maybe since that day. She has this shimmering ideal of a place, a dreamscape, filled with rolling green hills and a single tree. Our tree. She wants to take acid, lie down beneath it, and die. She wanted me to come with Her, die by Her side, holding Her tight. A hope that this will abate all the pain She harbors in Her soul. She is correct in one aspect of Her theory, Her pain will be no more, it will transfer to all who had known and loved Her when She had graced this earth. It will leave an infallible hole in all who knew Her, a void that cannot be filled with anything but Her presence one last time. Since the day I met Her, She filled the void within me. One I had carried with me all my life, one that I thought could never be whole. With this, She saved me. She made me whole, She has become a part of me, as She has for many others, a part that, if removed, would crumble all around it. 

Now She shuns me, why shouldn’t She, for isn’t it I who created this deep bleeding wound in Her heart? Isn’t it I who ruined Her delicate existence? She is Life, the Sun, Moon, and Stars all wrapped up in a bow, but I tore the Cosmos apart. I feel the stars pain, it lives within me, although She doesn’t see it that way but, how could She. Every time I was cut and bleeding, or drowning in the deepness of it all, She was the only one there who could pull me back up, mend my wounds, regardless of who had caused them, with tenderness and love I had never known. This is who I need to be. This is who I need to be for Her, now more than ever. 

For there is no shimmering idealistic place where one can die. What comes with death is not the rolling fields of greens and sacred tree which She grasps so frantically at. What comes with death is the true, ceaseless, empty void. The feelings of love, hate, sadness, need are all but nothing, for that is what the void creates and reduces all to, nothing. And although that’s what She wishes to become, I cannot let the only something I’ve ever had slip through my fingers and disappear into obscurity. The only thing that differentiates me from everyone else in Her life is that She weighs heavier in my heart than any other’s.  I would give my life for Hers in an instant. I would do anything to protect Her, to keep Her safe, whether that safety is with me or not. Still She blindly clings to the notion of this place that can save Her. But a place like that will only doom Her and all whom She’d involved Herself with. All who came to know and love Her, the boy who She had saved so many times before would never be able to repay Her. He would live neither free nor pointless. He would exist until he could no longer bare Her absence, She had be ripped out of him, and he would move to join Her. But I would not find Her there, for there is nothing to find, and no one to search for it. The only true deliverance is one another. The only two whom exist when they’re together, when nothing else matters. 

She is my salvation, as I am Hers. She only needs to take my hand.

Yet our emotions change as if they were the July weather, and we are gone as quickly as misty morning showers giving way to a marvelously expansive and shining sky. 

but when I lay beneath that deeply secluded, solitary tree to watch the skies and worlds pass, I need Her beside me, hands wrapped around my neck, kissing my face while whispering in my ear secrets only we know. i stroke Her back, brushing the strands of raven black hair from Her face, so that our eyes may meet and She will be reminded, 

till death do us part, no matter what happens to us in the coming days, I will always be there for You, by Your side, holding Your hand as firmly as I can. You are the only one I have ever had in my heart and You are the only one I’ve ever loved from the depths of my soul. We can fight the world together and stay strong because deep in my heart I do believe that we were always meant to be and we always were meant to last forever. Your love is beautifully and intricately woven with eternal threads into every fabric of my heart and soul. You reside in every fabric of my being. Till death do us part, I will never give up on You.

if you see this, please wait for me 