Given up hope. No need for a throwaway. Well today, after finally starting to beat my depression again, my phone has decided to break. 

"Why would that push you over the edge?" You probably ask yourself. It's a long story, so get ready for a long winded story, but please do read it..I'm coming here as a last ditch effort, the least you can do is read this.

Well see I had been in a long distance relationship for a year and change, found out back in June during that time she had been dating a guy that was there for like 4 of those months. So that fucking sucked. Stayed with her, fast forward to December she's in college now, yep tells me she has a new boyfriend hahahahah.  Still can't get over her and still talk to her. I KNOW damn well I shouldn't but I do anyway because she was my first love, and I was absolutely head over heels for her, I would've married her that second I got the chance, I was honestly in love with her. Fuck I still am. 
 Never had a girlfriend in person, but had other internet ones..(though several were when I was a catfish..so I don't count those. Yeah, I made mistakes too.), I've never even been kissed and I'm 19 in less then two months. 
 I suffer severe depression, anxiety, ADD, a short fuse (never physically hurt anyone but I go off on others easily.) and chronic leg and back pain. 
 December rolls around, and we no longer have Internet or cable. Which at the time wasn't a big deal. Then the break up came. And I instantly became reliant on my phone..got out with friends a lot, so that also helped. But at home I was stuck in bed, doing nothing but browsing my phone for hours on end, eventually to the point of where I just slept for days straight. 
 Started doing a little better then my fucking phone broke today, so in my fit of anger I got into it with my ex over stupid shit just because I was already super upset. Now I'm just laying in bed, completely devoid of any feelings but anger and sadness. (Wow that sounds like a 14 year old wrote it to be "edgy".) 
 I've come close to suicide before, but I fought it off. Now it's back again and I'm getting weaker and weaker fighting back. I'm too the point of where I just no longer give a fuck if I live or die. I'm a high school drop out due to my anxiety, I can't maintain a friendship without somehow fucking that up, I can't be in a relationship because I become so clingy that it's just too much. I'm not happy, ever. The best time of day is when I'm sleeping because my dreams are so god damn much better than my reality. 
 Like a week and a half ago, I had this really long dream. One of those dreams that feel like they're months long. In that dream I was with my ex. We were married and were expecting our first child. I was happy in it, she was happy, everything in the world just felt so good, depression no longer dragged me down, I just felt weightless. Then I woke up. Completely crushed that it was just a fucking dream. 
 I'm not a good person really...when I was younger I was a catfish and got a ton of girls to send me pictures and what not. It just made me feel good, and I'm a piece of shit for it. 
 I guess I just realized that the only things in life that made me happy were lies. So I've just given up. I've given up on trying to better myself because something always drags me back down, I don't really have any "ups" either. I just feel like I'm constantly falling, and losing my grip on life more and more. 
 My brain doesn't work right and I can't stand it anymore. I give up. 

 I'm sorry to family and friends. But I'm better off now. Goodbye.