I’m scared of the future.This year was suppose to be amazing. I have a bunch of concerts planned, (including a once in a life time concert that won’t happen again,) memorable vacations, and my boyfriend and I were gonna start out life together after almost 4 years of long distance. I’ve dealt with MDD, OCD, and anxiety for as long as I could remember and I found comfort in all of these amazing things being so close... but it started to go down hill.


I was first diagnosed with a compulsive skin picking disorder. Coming to terms with it was really hard but I knew I could handle it. Then my medications stopped working and my doctors wouldn’t help. Then the stress of school was getting to me. Then the small amount of friends I still managed to keep realized that I wasn’t enough anymore. Then I stopped eating, enough to where if I did eventually eat, my stomach would reject it and cause me horrible pain. Sleeping started to not help anymore. I’d go to bed tired and wake up even more tired than before. Then the shaking got worse.. the shaking turned into twitching.. and the twitching turned into involuntary jolts of movement that were actually painful. My suicidal thoughts came back after not having them for a long time. My urges to hurt myself returned too... though all this is really bad, that’s not why I want to end it. 


This may seem extreme or overly paranoid, but.. the Coronavirus. Yes.. I know. It’s dumb. But I have my reasons. As an already chronically depressed person, a virus spreading across the whole world is already worrisome. But one of my problems is... my concerts. Yea I know it’s stupid, but those were some of the only things giving me the motivation to keep going even if I wanted to give up. These concerts helped me want to actually get up in the morning so I’m one day closer to them. This also is the same with starting my life with my boyfriend. Things were going fine until the first case. It’s gotten worse in these past few weeks and everyday more events are being cancelled and more cities get infected. My concerts are most likely not going to happen.. or be postponed. (I’m the most impatient person in the world so postponing them won’t help me.) 

The next problem is where I live.. yesterday 3 cases were confirmed in my state. A day later and it’s already grown. My town depends on tourism and it’s only a matter of time before it’s here. And I’m not necessarily worried about myself, I’m worried about my parents. My father is literally the definition of “who not to be if you don’t want to get infected.” It’s extremely likely that he could get it... I’ve already watched my father suffer with pain but now it’s even more real. It’s even more serious. I can’t watch him slowly get worse. I wouldn’t even be near him.. 

The final problem is.. I don’t want to live in a world full of sick, dead, crazy, dangerous, violent, people. I know the virus isn’t very deadly.. but you never know. Today I saw the most impact, however. Other than having a emotional breakdown earlier in the day, I saw my local store filled with dozens of people gathering all the supplies they can. Hundreds of dollars spent on supplies for the inevitable infection. My school just got cancelled for 3 weeks. It all happened in one day.. what’s going to happen in a week? 

The point is.. I don’t want to live in this world being in constant fear of losing my loved ones, watching the world burn, and slowly losing my mind from the isolation. It doesn’t help that I can’t escape from it all. It’s all over the news, social media sites, everywhere. I can’t escape it. So what’s the point of me having all of those other problems I mentioned previously, and dealing with the obvious change of the whole entire world. I’m not sure how long I’ll last. It’s starting to get to be too much. 

But who knows..? Maybe it’ll get better....?