Another year of sufferingI always get extremely depressed around the holidays and my birthday, only because it's just a glaring reminder that I've gone yet another year unhappy and I have another one ahead of me.  Because of this, I became extremely depressed today.  I initially had plans to hang out with a girl and our friends (I've been romantically pursuing this girl for a few months now, we briefly went out at the start but are now just friends because she doesn't think there is enough chemistry between us), but I let her know that I wasn't in a good mood and that I wouldn't want to do anything tonight so as to not ruin the good times.  She was upset because pretty much everybody we were going to hang out with has different plans.  She was going to go out with me and her best friend (female) to some bar for shits and giggles apparently, but as I don't drink (ever) and am feeling like this I declined.  As I said, it made her upset, I apologized and offered to drive people around should they need it (since I'm not drinking) and that she could call me afterwards (since she stays up very late, way later than her friend does and we usually hang out every night regardless) but she said she wouldn't if I didn't want to be bothered.  After a bit I texted her saying I don't want her to have a crappy new years and that I'd come out with her if she wanted, all she replied with was "nah".  This has only served to make me more depressed, since now she's probably out at some bar with her friend and the typical random dudebros are probably hitting on her.  Realistically I don't think she would ever get anywhere with a person she met at a bar, but it doesn't stop me from worrying about it incessantly.  There has never been another person (key word is person, not just female but another human being) who I have gotten along better with.  It's to the point that we are CONSTANTLY either thinking of the same thing or saying the same thing at the same time.  We have the same interests in generally everything and are the only people we know who do share our interests.  To say that I don't want to lose her would be the biggest understatement in the universe.  Being "with" her was the only time I was actually happy in my entire life, and it only lasted a few days.  Even though we see each other for hours on end every day, I'm not "happy".  I'm not depressed when I'm with her and I enjoy my time, but it still isn't happiness, I still have that empty feeling of knowing that I'm alone in this world.

My philosophy is "life isn't worth living if you aren't happy".  A persons typical response to that is "but how do you know you won't be happy in the future?"  (or something similar).  Hypothetical question, lets say a person is born into captivity and that this person is tortured, virtually every day of their life until they are 50 years old at which point they die (there will be a VERY small amount of days where they are not, nothing good happens but nothing bad either).  Knowing this, rewind the clock to when they are 25, would they be justified if they killed themselves if given the opportunity?  My answer would be of course, if every single day they experience nothing but pain and suffering and will continue to do so until dead, what are they getting out of being alive?

Again, a person would typically say that unless they had some profound magical ability to see the future, they would not be justified in killing themselves because they don't **know** that they won't be happy at some point in the future.  So in light of my lack of such an ability, it's an educated guess.  I've had severe depression since I was 14 (am currently 23) and almost every day, 99% of the time, I go to bed with nothing else on my mind but how much I hate my life and how I wish I would die.  In 9 years, there has been (mostly) nothing that has brought me happiness.  The rare times where I was not extremely depressed is when I was just normal, not happy, but not depressed.

Considering that in 9 years, literally my entire adult life, I have been severely depressed and virtually nothing has changed that, what reason is there to believe that it will suddenly change in any feasible amount of time.  People say 23 is young, but I'm not getting any younger.  This goes back to my analogy, how much longer am I going to meander through this insufferable existence?

To those who are going to say it isn't that bad and blah blah, I'm 23, no job (only job I've ever had was working at a grocery store for 2 years in high school), dropped out of college in my second year (I saw no reason to continue paying thousands of dollars for a worthless piece of paper and 4 years of my life gone), no girlfriend (and have never had one.  The girl I'm currently pursuing is the only person who has ever shown me affection), nobody I can trust (I have friends but due to past experiences, I have an extremely hard time trusting people.  Except for my best friend, every single person who I've ever opened up to or trusted with something important has either betrayed me or completely let me down), my parents hate me (my father only loved me as a child when I was still interested in sports.  As I got older and became more interested in nerd stuff he quickly lost interest.  My mother only likes me when she is able to brag about me to her stupid friends, which she hasn't been able to do since I dropped out of college 3 years ago.  Both of them care more about the fucking dog than they do about me and have admitted so in therapy) and I no longer get any enjoyment out of playing video games, which was my one and only escape from this world.

Truly, I don't know what to do.  Currently my plan is to wait about 2 more years.  Ultimately I don't plan on reaching the age of 26 unless something happens that turns my life around or gives me reason to expect that to happen in the near future.

Sometimes I really can't believe that this universe is real.  That an existence such as mine can happen.  That somebody can be surrounded by people who are happy, who have close friends, who have a significant other who genuinely loves them and yet they, themselves, are unable to obtain any of that despite their desperate and constant attempts.