Mental health system is bullshitI’ve had depression as long as I can remember but everything really started tanking to a point of no return back in 2015. Since then, I’ve been hospitalized twice (both times I had to complete a week of partial hospitalization after discharge), and I’ve yet to find a therapist or psychiatrist who genuinely understands me. I had one therapist for about a year who was fine but just repeated the same thing every session. My student health insurance gives me free access to BetterHelp (digital therapy service), but all the counselors I’ve matched with on there sound canned in their responses, like they have recyclable copy-paste answers. It’s so impersonal, and I am incredibly sensitive to disingenuousness.

I’ve only managed to get in the door with a couple of psychiatrists who take my insurance, but the first one refused to listen to my concerns and changed my medication every visit (he’s since lost his license) and the other one tested me and found that I had symptoms of major depression, generalized anxiety, social anxiety, and ADHD, but declined to take me on as a patient and wouldn’t give me diagnosis papers to take anywhere else. I tried going through my grad school’s campus resources, but they only have one psychiatrist for 30k+ students and not many more therapists, so they’re basically booked through the next 4 years. I finally said fuck it and asked my PCP to give me trial runs of antidepressants, which she did, but all of them only made it worse, and after the 4th one she said she was out of her league and said only a proper psychiatrist could help. She gave me some references, but I swear finding a psychiatrist is like playing a shitty roulette: out-of-network, not taking patients, unreasonably far away, take your pick.

I’m lucky that my TA benefits have soaked the cost of a lot of this shit, but I graduate in May and I’m completely hopeless about what to do afterward. I don’t know how to talk to people, so I have no meaningful relationships. I waste all my time playing video games, which half the time I don’t even enjoy; they just occupy time. Most days I can only do one productive thing at max before I’m exhausted. I can’t stop comparing my failures to the successes of everyone around me. I hate how little I know, how hard it is for me to remember words, facts, names, and faces. I’m creatively unfulfilled, unmotivated, and hateful of everything I eventually force myself to produce. I have basically no viable career options (smart of me to go for an MFA in creative writing, huh?), and anything I am qualified to do sounds utterly miserable, so these days it feels like I’m just running out a clock. Even if I don’t kill myself in my current state of mind, I don’t see myself making it to the summer once the reality of post-graduate life sets in. 

At least no one will say I didn’t try. But I think there may be a point at which a person is too broken for the system (which is itself broken) to provide any real help. I don’t know if I’m asking for advice or empathy or just ranting into the void, but I am so fucking fed up with this world that seemingly hates me as much as I do.