I have a spinal cord injury and I can't afford surgery to fix it and I'd rather be dead than slowly watch myself get paralyzed.I was just chatting on a suicide prevention line, and I know they have limited resources, and had to end our chat, but I'm still having really strong suicidal urges. 

I have a spinal cord injury from a car accident several years ago, and I need surgery so that the paralysis and nerve pain don't get worse. My insurance is denying coverage for the better surgery, and even when they do approve it, I can't afford my maximum out of pocket fees. I'm a PhD student, so I have all these deadlines breathing down my neck, no money, and no medical leave available to me for my crappy teaching job. So even if my surgery is approved, I'm looking at a grueling recovery period where I have to somehow maintain employment while being in terrible pain. And the surgery itself is terrifying, even though I want it so badly at the same time. I'm in so much debt from all the other medical expenses. I have no family (my family were abusive drug addicts I escaped from years ago). I'd rather be dead than disabled and homeless. 

I started getting worried when I started thinking seriously about how and what I'd do. Tomorrow I might get a final ruling on my insurance claim, and if it's a no, I think that might be it for me. And Wednesday I'm supposed to defend my PhD dissertation proposal, and some of the people on my committee told me straight up that they think I'm an idiot, so I know I'm going to get torn apart. Those things coming up just made me start thinking more seriously about killing myself. 

I have a counselor and a psychiatrist already, and when I saw my counselor on Friday, she was mean to me, and I just felt more hopeless. I think she was trying some techniques to try and push me into a breakthrough or something, but it was just really destructive. She called me "Whiny and Mousey." I'm actually *almost* a counselor myself, which is part of why some of this feels even more shameful. I would have been licensed in May, but I had to drop my final internship due to the worsening of my spine injury. I feel like I should be able to help myself more, but I can't. 

I just can't see any hope for my future. It all looks like pain and poverty from here. But I'm terrified of trying and failing. Members of my family tried and failed several times in my childhood, and it was ugly. I don't want to be that person. 

And I don't want to die here, in this state. I live in the desert, but I'm from California, and I'd want to die by the ocean. But I'd feel so bad like doing it in a hotel room and having some poor stranger find me. The fact that I'm still having logical thoughts like that I know makes it seem like maybe I'm not serious, and I don't want to be, but at the same time, I can't see any way out of this. 

Edit: My final appeal failed. Honestly not sure how I'm going to survive this week, that was my last hope. I'm doomed to a life of pain and neverending surgeries. I'd rather be dead. 

Update 2: Well I'm obviously still alive since I'm writing this. I did my dissertation proposal defense and I basically went crazy trying to fix everything they told me I was retarded about. I knocked it out of the park and had a lot of people in awe of my research and its implications. So that's good, but I still have the surgery authorization that failed and now I'm still facing the old shitty surgery that's going to ruin my life. As soon as I finished the defense I had a bunch of calls from surgeons and insurance companies and billing departments. It's like, I did something really incredible and I couldn't even enjoy it for one second. I can't catch a break. 