It's happening again...It's happening again, I think. The thoughts are back. I think about it a lot. I go to work and uni, and I think , it's okay, it's okay if you don't like it, because tomorrow you're not gonna have to be here anymore. You'll be gone by then. You'll finally have peace. No more stress, no more tears, no more anxiety, you'll be able to rest, forever.

It's been a while since I've felt this way. I tried to take my life another time, a few yers ago. 4 years to be exact. I overdosed with all the pills I could find at my ex's house. I don't know what I wanted to happen, I don't know what happened. I was tired of my dad yelling at me,  I was tired of my dad telling me I'm ugly and gross, I was tired of my brother hurting me, I was tired of not being able to find a job, I was tired of being so fucking useless. I'm feeling the same way now.

You know, you'd expect my dad to worry when I went into the hospital. But he never came, never showed up. When I told him I needed a ride home he said he was busy. When I finally got home, he yelled at me, told me it was immature and he was angry, because he's gonna have to lie to my stepmom and brother about what I did. Poor him, right? Must have been really tough on him.

I got my shit together, I moved away from my toxic home where my brother beat the shit out of me constantly, and my dad, basically stood and laughed and said "that's just he way he is". They still managed to complain about me. Sending me texts saying how ungrateful I am for not visiting my brother at his new house, when.. When they haven't spoken to me in months?

I'm in another country now.  Last contact I had with my dad was 3 months ago. I haven't spoken to anyone else in my family for over a year now. They probably think I'm gone for good now, which I kinda am. I don't wanna go back.

Maybe you're wondering where my mom is. She's dead to me. She ruined my childhood. She cheated on my dad, her new boyfriend and every other boyfriend she had.Her boyfriends like to hit me as well and sometimes they liked to touch me as well.

She stole money from everyone. She forged documents. She faked having cancer. She stole over 80 000 (euro). Eventually there was a trail. I had to testify against her. Imagine that. I was 15 years old by then. Telling that whole room what she had done. She was sent to prison, 2 years. Haven't spoken to her since. She hasn't even tried to contact me. Imagine the feeling of having a mom that just, doesn't want you. She choose to have me, but I guessed changed her mind. I don't know.

I dream back to when I was 6, before my parents broke up. I miss my room, I miss the peaceful home, I miss playing with my brother, I miss having naps with my dad, I miss helping my mom with dinner, I miss getting presents, I miss the time before everything turned into hell. I'll never get that back. Ever.

It's hard, everyone. It's really hard. The people that are supposed to support me and love me, doesn't want me. They don't like me. Then who will? I don't. I'm tired of myself.

I walk at night sometimes. I'm never scared. I'm never scared to get robbed, murdered, beaten up, run over, raped. I want to be hurt. If it were to happen, I'd be revealed. Because then I wouldn't have to do it to myself.

I'm 21 now. Didn't think I'd ever be this old.

Help me, help myself. Please. 