I just need someone to knowI'm a 21M and have never told anyone the extent of the times I've been close to killing myself and just need to get them out. The first time I was after my friend unexpectedly died when I was 19. In the months after, I don't remember any of it until I was standing on a bridge trying to gain the confidence to throw myself off of it. I can't listen to Breezeblocks now without that night going through my head. The next time was when I was on vacation with my family on a cruise. I hate being with my family and it was during the winter when the lack of schoolwork gives me more time to think of comitting. I was drunk and standing on 11th floor balcony looking at the ocean waves crashing. I remember I couldn't hear anything around me. Just the voice in my head telling me to do it fast, but I didn't. The next time was when I was 20 during the 5 months of my life when I was addicted to oxy. I was laying on the floor of room sweating and dissociating for about 3 hours. I had a blade right by me as I was trying to figure out how to go thru with it and what would happen, but my old friend texted me and I unloaded everything on her. That was the first night I came out as bi to anyone. That same year during winter break on New Years night once again on vacation with my family, I was drunk and listening to Cavetown out on the deck sitting on top of the ocean. I wanted to roll in and just sink and was damn close to it. The good news i guess is that was the last time, but the first half of this year was filled with drinking and being catatonic while the second has been filled with working from 8AM to 2AM every weekday and drinking on the weekends. I've never been able to tell anyone since I'm just the darling child going to be a doctor one day and the top of my program in college when in reality when I see myself, I only think about how I've been having suicidal thoughts since I was 12 and only survive by working hard enough to be too tired to kill myself. I want to check into a mental hospital this winter break but just accepted a good position to be working 40 hours a week and I need the money, but I'm terrified that this winter break will be the time I finally go thru with it.