Typing this out is the first productive thing I've done in weeksI have absolutely no energy or drive. I'm 22 and have no friends, job or life basically. I've gained so much weight because I just comfort eat and haven't got the energy to go outside or do exercise. Job applications take forever and I doubt I would survive in any job considering how tired I am. In the rare occasions when I've been presented the opportunity to make friends I just freeze up and can't form any sentences or think of anything to say, it's not that I'm socially anxious I just can't think of anything I could contribute to any conversations that would be of any interest to anyone, and even when I have something to say I either can't form the words/thoughts or I just don't bother saying it. The past few years have just been a blur really, I can barely remember what happened a few days ago because every day is the same and has been for a long time. I have no hobbies or interests short of mindlessly browsing here or watching the first 30 seconds of a movie/youtube video/tv show. I want to reach out to people but either I don't have the energy to think of things to say or they're too busy looking after their own lives to have time to talk. Every time I read something in the news it just makes me feel so alienated from the world. I can't focus on tasks and feel like even forming thoughts is extremely difficult. I can't take antidepressants after I had a manic episode aged 16 but there is no space in therapy sessions nearby and no psychiatrists available to take on new patients without paying. I have no income, I was refused disability benefits because I'm "fit for work" but don't qualify for jobseekers because I'm too ill to commit to the 35 hours a week of job searching necessary. I can't even cry. My days basically consist of me slumped on my couch like a zombie until it's time to sleep. If I had the energy to get my affairs in order I'd kill myself straight away, but I'm too apathetic for even that.

&amp;#x200B;

I don't know what I want to accomplish from typing this out, I guess I just want someone to acknowledge I exist.