Friend is getting worse everydayI'm on mobile yadda yadda. I'm sorry about the long text, but I'm kinda desperate and honestly the more context for this situation the better.

Uni started this year, and I already have a small group of friends. Two of those can be called Andy and James.
Now Andy is a pretty laid back guy, pretty geeky, kind of self loathing, but that's because he's had a hellish summer. He actually came close to committing suicide. Didn't shower more than two times in a month, wouldn't leave his room, that sort of thing. He's got us, new friends, now so I like to think he's happier. At the start of the semester he talked about how he's feeling happier now that we are in his life. Exam season got to him a bit, and overall throughout the course everyone's a little down so no biggie. The important thing here is that he's got y with severe depression and suicidal thoughts. 

Whats worrying is James. James is an all around happy-go-lucky guy, always quoting dumb vines n all that jazz. Hes got the highest grades in the course and is always happy to help anyone. He's also gay, but not completely out, only to our small group of frieds. I was the one to ask him first (I'm queer as well, and we were in private, so he was happy to come out to me, no worries there), at the start of the semester, so we became a little close since then.
But now, hes having more bad days than good, because his family (his mother, mostly) is trying harder and harder to "fix" him.
James and Andy have grown closer and I assume the reason was because James also knows about Andy's tough time this summer, so it's logical to come to him to help. I've become closer to Andy now and James and I don't really talk like we did, but Andy's been commenting how he's super worried about James. 
James told him what happened this time around to make him feel like shit again, and while I don't know what it is because I don't want to pry, James looked absolutely miserable today.
Didn't say a word at lunch, would barely talk; even people outside of our group were commenting to me how James looked weirdly sad today.

Thing is, James's family forces him to go to church, obviously in an attempt to "fix" him, every Sunday, and he DREADS it. They are extremely homophobic and not two weeks ago his mom threatened to actually kick him out if he doesn't "straighten up". He works some weekends and has his own money, but obviously not enough to live by himself. He's only 17 ffs, I'm 19 and though the difference ain't much I still can't imagine what he went through since he came out 2 years ago to his family. He said it was the worst time of his entire life.
He just bought a ps4, and I know people who are close to going off the deep end tend to spend more money, gift people with their stuff, etc. He hasn't given anyone anything or said anything goodbye-like, but I'm really, REALLY worried. Andy's super worried too, and I fear if James gets any worse, Andy will start getting worse two and then I'll have two suicidal cases in my hands.

Goddammit, I just became friends with these people and already I feel like they are friendships made to last. I don't want any loss of life, let alone loss of such good people.


..On a last note, James's mom tries to convince him to turn straight with the sort of comments like "you can even date a negro girl [implied, as long as it's not a guy]". So you can tell the kind of shitstain she is.


Can anyone help? Any advice is appreciated. I'm desperate, I don't want to lose him.


Note:
James is not a redditor but Andy is and Andy, if you're reading this, I, man,,, I'm just, desperate. We can't do this by ourselves.