Surprise honey!!! I’m almost constantly thinking about killing myself.Ive been with my husband for just over 6 years total, we married last fall and are currently expecting our first kiddo. Thanks to my pregnancy I am currently unmedicated. In a conversation in the car about my sister I mentioned the extent of the suicidal thoughts I’ve had as long as I can remember. 

Guys, I seriously did not realize I never told him before. I’ve told him about my depression, ADHD, and anxiety but NEVER about the near constant suicidal thoughts. And this was NOT on purpose. 

I think it’s because my grandmother, mother, and sister have used suicidal threats as a weapon my whole life. Grandma used to regularly scream about ‘going and dying’ or ‘hopping in the car to go kill herself’ if we were being insufficiently great full or obedient. Since my stepdad passed my mom has threatened suicide to force me to have a wedding (as opposed to eloping) and push me to have children ASAP (I know of at least one instance she has used the same threat to get my sister to buy her smokes. My sister had a depressive episode where she felt mildly suicidal (ie: ‘maybe living isn’t great’ not planning how to do it, no actual motivation to do so etc) and had me drop everything to rush her to our local Emergancy psych center to be evaluated. Not that I think she didn’t need help, but when she explained to the psych center folks exactly what she was thinking/feeling I had to bite my tongue to keep from going ‘shit, that’s a good day!!’ 

I also think I didn’t tell him because I try to give that part of my mind as little ‘screen time’ as possible. Like if it look at it the feelings will get darker and stronger. 

So despite never feeling like I need to hide anything from this man I have literally never told him about this facet of my mental health. Because to me telling a loved one you have suicidal thoughts is something you do to hurt/control them and I’ve never wanted to do that to him. 

He’s being great by the way, said nothing has changed and he knew about my depression already, just not this part of it. Wants me to be able to talk to him about this stuff. I explained my personal limits on how bad it has to get before I change something (meds, personal life, job etc) to stave off things getting dramatic. 

He also gently pushed for therapy, and while I know he’s right I’m hesitant. For starters I ALREADY feel like I’m spending my life in a drs office thanks to prenatal visits. And honestly? I’m a smidge scared if I talk to someone about the true extent of my depression they’ll force me on meds despite the baby or commit me. 