Involuntary hospitalization + mental health resources in universitiesA little bit of context: I am a 19 year old first year student at Stanford University. Stanford, and Palo Alto in general,  recently became hyper-sensitive about mental health and suicide because of the soaring suicide rates locally. 

So back in February, I was having a particularly low day. Unaware of the side effects of my meds(zoloft), I took 4 pills instead of 1 with hopes that my seratonin levels will boost immediately and I would feel better. The next day, I was not feeling well and on Monday I went to my school’s health center to get a check up. I told the people at psychological services about my overdose and I emphasized that it was not an attempt to harm myself. I told them about my suicide ideation and depression. Moments later, someone calls the campus police and I am involuntarily hospitalized for 72 hours under the 51/50 hold. 

In April, my depression has gotten worse, and I posted a suicide note on my social media. I was not planning to kill myself that day. I haven’t made specific plans. I just expressed that I don’t want to live anymore and that I’ll tell no one how and when I plan to die. The cops come in, check on me, and after realizing that I’m safe, they leave. My residential faculty, however, calls the cops again and I’m sent to the hospital involuntarily under 51/50. The psychiatrist at the hospital uplift the hold and let me go. 

I found a local therapist in Palo Alto. We have 4 initial intake sessions and I book appointments till June. I dropped 2 classes and decided to take intensive therapy for 6 hours a week in addition to medication. 

The school puts me on review for a forced leave of absence after the social media post incident. I write a written proposal on how I will prioritize my mental health and have 2 meetings with the associate dean of student affairs. He drops the review process after.

I have a panic attack in the dining hall a week after. I feel dizzy, my eyesight is blurry, I can’t breathe properly, I’m trembling and crying. I’m scared. I feel like I am going to faint. I feel like I am going to die. My friend calls 911 and the ambulance came. I feel like I’m going to faint, so I lay my head on the wall. And I murmur that I need to die because it was so painful and scary. The campus police reports that I was banging my head on the wall and threatened others with suicide. I get on the 51/50 hold again and am sent to the hospital involuntarily. The psychiatrists there uplift the hold and let me go. 

The next day I go to my second session with my therapist. My mom freaked out by the school’s report of my panic attack yesterday and texted my therapist about it. My therapist considers firing me for threatening others with suicide. No matter how hard I try to persuade him that that was not the case, he doesn’t bend. He asks if I am suicidal. I tell him that I’ve been having suicidal thoughts, and while I do not plan on acting on them right now, I’m scared because my depression is pretty severe. I tell that I want treatment and help to get better. He asks me again if there is absolutely no chance that I will ever try hurting or killing myself. I say not right now, but I can’t guarantee that 100% it will never happen forever. He fires me and calls 911. I am handcuffed and sent to a psych ward again involuntarily. 

At the ward, a psychiatrist evaluates me and she told me that the university and my therapist was hypersensitive to a totally treatable condition. She concludes that there is no reason why I can’t return to campus and finish the quarter. She discharges me. 

I hear from the nurses at the ward that the school kicked me out of the dorm. I have a meeting with the associate dean. I explain to him that there was a miscommunication and I do not plan to harm myself and am willing to find a new therapist, receive treatment, take my meds, and finish the quarter. He tells me that I am disruptive to the Stanford campus community and can’t take care of myself. He puts me back on review for an involuntary leave of absence. I receive an email that I am not allowed to set foot on any dining or residence hall without a residence dean next to me. 

I have to defend myself in front of a panel of three judges in order to stay. My mom flies from Korea. She cries, and tells me to come home. 

With three weeks left in the quarter, I withdraw from my classes and come home. I had a research position for the summer on campus, but the school doesn’t allow me to stay. 

My summer plans are fucked, and I am emotionally destroyed. 

I’m scared of people. I feel like I’m exposing myself when i leave the house. I just am too scared of others and feel hyper-protective. My depression has reached its worse. 



Making students feel more integrated to the university community and building a solid system of humane and reasonable accommodation and support would really improve the  safety of Stanford students. Hopefully, that will even reduce the number of suicides on campus! Proactive measures are more important than reactive measures. 

I firmly believe and recognize the need for change to make the universities a more welcoming, safer place for ALL students regardless not just of gender, race, ethnicity, but also disability conditions.