I don’t even knowHello everyone,

It’s funny how I was trying to encourage people to live here few years back and now I’m the one posting. 

It’s interesting because I have the best family, the best friends, multiple romantic interests and overall a well privileged life.

However, I myself am incompetent for here (as in life). I was preeeeetty sure that I had BPD, and it sucks that I’m actually happy to be diagnosed with “either BPD either low level bipolar disorder”

All I know is that I feel like a 5 year old trapped in my body.

I finished my college degree this year, and was able to enroll for my Master’s. I think everything started with this, as I found out that I’m not interested with it at all after multiple failed suicide attempts of 2017-2018 as “I wasn’t able to pursue my dreams”

Ok I’m not happy with my education, this happens to a lot people right? I don’t have a plan B. Nothing has ever interested me in my life. I always sweat when people ask what my hobbies or interests are. I have none. 

That’s fine as well right, because only a minority love their job. We all just get by. Except I’ve never worked a day in my life and it scares me to a point where I have my anxiety attack right when I start thinking about it. 

Please call it like it is, I’m a spoiled piece of shit, and I’m aware.

Never been able to check mails or letters. Never been able to handle bureaucracy. I’m getting into deeper and deeper shit, disappointing everyone around me as it continues. The only feedback I get is that “why are you so incompetent lmao” and I ASK THE SAME QUESTION, but at the same time the situations I get into are rare cases and even professional advisors go “wow”.

I hate myself since when, 2015? And it’s not a physical thing at all, even though I have weight issues. I just hate how I’m not made to live this life. This is not a “I’m a quicky girlll” thing, this is just me being a piece of garbage. I used to describe myself as “garbage” back when I attempted, and it’s all back. 

I’m just at a point where I can’t take my mind off of my issues. I was able to play make believe for 2 years but it’s not working anymore. I thought having the lowest point in life would be significant as in “it can only go up” but I’m finding out that lowest point can manifest in many forms. I’m at my lowest point now for many, many things. It will never get better. 

It sucks how, just a week ago, my bad thoughts came back and I was able to say “it will devastate too many people, you’re gonna RUIN LIVES” but now I’m like “this is for their best interest” again. I know how broken everyone were back when I attempted in 2017-2018. I still have nightmares about it. But, I don’t care? As in it will be better in the future to stop investing to a literal mess. 

Quarantine didn’t help I think. I got extremely nostalgic and still today I’m watching, listening, seeing everything that reminds me of the simpler times. Alcohol addiction doesn’t help. 

I just suck.