Trying to Lose Faith So I Can DieI can't think of a single period in the last fifteen years that I can easily call myself happy during. Maybe small instances, but not much else.

Fifteen years ago, I came out as trans to a woman I had a crush on and she used "fixing" it as an excuse to rape me. She hated me after that and refused to acknowledge that we even knew each other. I attempted suicide for the first time months later and then spent two years having blocked out those memories.

Two years later, they came back in sex education. I told friends about this, and they treated me as if I were lucky and that her ignoring me was a reaction to me resisting and being ungrateful. Especially given that this woman was my crush, these feelings set in hard.

Filled with anger that no one could understand, and that the few people I told blamed me, I found myself turning towards both sexuality and religion for refuge.

Religion helped because it gave me hope. It took away my fear. I felt understood and that things could get better for both me and the world.

My sexuality sought reconciliation. I hadn't seen my crush in several years, and I sought out those who reminded me of her, so I could prove I was worth something. I developed a fetish for being abused in response.

I've been abused by others as a result. By seeking out traits of her to reconcile with, I find people who are dangerous for me. It has created a cyclical pattern of adding new trauma and making me try harder to reconcile with it. I just got out of a several-long year relationship that I had to leave for fear of my life which has traumatized me far more than my crush ever did or probably could.

I've had it. But I'm terrified of what will happen if I die. My behaviour patterns are too destructive that I don't even think I have the power to change them. I have frequent panic attacks, constant depression, and dissociatiative issues. I can't even hold a job due to my state.

But even in thinking about if these issues magically go away, I find myself wondering if even that would be worth it. The mundane life of people in poverty isn't the kind of life I want to live after this goes away.

I feel like suicide would be such a sensible solution. I keep trying to argue to myself that nothing comes after death, so there is nothing to fear. I'm never able to make enough doubt to convince myself. I can't disprove my fear, only prove I don't have enough evidence. I want the hope that I found as a teenager to be false because it's now getting in the way. I don't want to deal with this until old age.

Why does hope have to be a barrier? Why doesn't wanting to reconcile get me hurt? Why can't I move on?