I'm considering ending my lifeIt all started when i was a kid. My father sexually abused my younger brother, my older sister and me for years until we finally had the courage to say something. I remember my father wanted to give me a gift, and I started crying. My mom, wondering what this was about, asked me why I was crying. I'd tell her that the gift ment he'd expect me to cuddle with him. My mom, thinking I was just being silly, said ''It's your father, he wants to be good to you''. I'd then explain that he didn't cuddle the same way she did. And that's how it all started. Police would come to our place and get him, and the conversations with the police and child welfare would start. Back and forth, my mom going to court, my sister, my brother and my own explanations were not enough. He even had allegations against him prior, that we'd get to know of after our case came up. But still, he would be a free man. He'd roam the streets and he even rented a cabin 400 meters away from our home when it was all over, just to fight my mother for custody. Just to torture us. He eventually got to have us over, because there was no convicion and he was a free man. The things he had done didn't mean anything. There was not enough evidence. The problem was we never wanted to be with him again. When we got delivered over to him, I remember crying non stop and screaming and yelling because I wanted EVERYONE to hear it. PLEASE, do NOT leave us alone with him. It was my cry for help, and I'm grateful every day for my mother who would refuse to let us stay there. She brought us home, and there was nothing anyone could do about it.

Years later, he kept fighting to see us. Eventually he got to see us on some coditions, there was gonna be a supervisor there with us at all times, and we were never to spend the night. The problem is the supervisor was someone my father knew, and he'd fucking leave us there alone while he'd go for a walk. I remember my father sitting on my legs until he hurt so much I'd cry. He'd do other things too, things I don't ever want to talk about again.

This was 18 years ago. I am today a 28 year old man with no job, no education. I've been depressed and struggling with anxiety for years. I have never felt like I belonged anywhere. The safety I was supposed to have got completely ripped away from me. My teeth are rotting inside my mouth, I simply haven't been able to work myself up to a job where I can afford taking care of things I should be able to take care of, my age. I've seen my friends start families, buy houses, take their driver licenses and get cars, all of the things I feel I should be doing too, in my late 20's. But I can't. I barely make it month to month with food. I see no end to this. The loneliness, the darkness, I feel helpless.

I've often contemplated suicide, but I've never been this close.