I don’t want to be negative.I don’t want to be negative.
I don’t want to not have an answer for the group discussion: “Name one thing you like about yourself”. I don’t want to be mean to my mother or my father. I don’t want to not be grateful for my life, my car, my house, my food.  I don’t want to be an ungrateful brat when my parents have given up so much for me. I don’t want to not be happy I’m going to graduate valedictorian of my high school class. I don’t want to not care about my full-ride scholarship to my state school that I’m honestly not so in love with. I don’t want to be on the brink of crying everytime I don’t get a 100 on an assignment in school. I don’t want to insist I’m stupid and incapable of basic tasks because I truly believe I am useless. I don’t want to see an ugly monster in the mirror as cliche as that may sound. I don’t want to call myself fat like a metronome even though I’m borderline underweight. I don’t want to weigh myself every time I go to the bathroom. I don’t want to measure my waist down to the centimeter every chance I get. I don’t want to throw up and throw away all the food my mother so genuinely makes for me. I don’t want to waste my self-employed father’s hard-earned money on gas while I sit in parking lots for hours crying in the midst of night. I don’t want to cry helplessly over my friends not inviting me to get my favorite foods with them. I don’t want to ghost my friends when they’re a major source of stability in my life. I don’t want to be mean to my boyfriend who has only been caring to me. I don’t want to lash out at him for stupid things. I don’t want to get jealous.  I don’t want to have childish hopes of a romanticized future with my boyfriend when he lives 2000 miles away from me. I don’t want to keep fantasizing of him to love me like Gatsby does Daisy. I don’t want to be a parasite to him anymore. I don’t want to have my only hobbies be my boyfriend, counting calories, or being negative like it’s something to be proud of. I don’t want to google detergent-suicide recipes anymore. I dont to watch videos of souls jumping off the golden gate bridge into the blue of the sea anymore. I don’t want to drive mindlessly around town hoping to get hit by a kid running a red light while 20 mph over the speed limit anymore. I don’t want to be sad anymore. I dont want to be sad anymore. I don’t want to be say anymore. I don’t want to be sad anymore. I don’t want to be sad anymore. I don’t want to be sad anymore. I don’t want to anymore.