I can't get out of depression's claws, no matter how much I tryJust in case, I don't mean to offend anyone with this post, I swear it by God's name. 

****

I think self-love is born when we know we are loved by others (family members/friends/significant other), and we know that we're important because of it, and the love we feel for others also helps them build themselves and so on, pretty much creating a cycle of getting love and giving it as well.

I used to love myself once, and I still remember how it felt like. 

I remember that I used to believe in myself, that I had ambition, that I didn't really care about the outside world and so on.

After I was 16, I slowly stopped loving myself, because of bad decisions I made as well as mistakes, being rejected, bullied a lot, ignored... 
The final nail in the coffin was that almost every single decision I made was wrong, and it ended with consequences, even when I didn't have any bad intention...

Add the fact that everything was going downhill, and it pretty much tore apart almost all of the self love I had left.

How could I love myself, when almost everything I believed in, everything I thought was right, everything I ever fought for, turned out wrong?

****

Note: the words I'm going to say only are meant to describe my situation, I don't want to offend anyone who is enduring something similar or worse, I give my word on that.

****

Most of the efforts I used to change my situation only made things even worse...

I'm sure some people see me as a special needs person and/or with pity at best, or a retard at worst because of a mistake I made, almost no one texts me, when I'm not talking with the few friends I have left my What's App is either filled with college work/projects or plain silent.

Sadly, society is like this. Most of the time abusers get scot free, while those they hurt have to pay the price.

Therapy, pills, improving everything they are, having to analyze themselves time after time because they don't know why life is like this and so on...

I've always analyzed myself, tried to change as much as I could, I tried to use the beliefs I've had since childhood, but in the end they were wrong, or rather, I was wrong.

This is the reason I want to die, because I can't do this on my own...

I can't create love out of nothing, I can't love myself knowing the mistakes I made, the stained legacy I've had in the past years...

A legacy of broken friendships, regrets, being hated and ignored, and so on...

Humans are social creatures, and because of that, it wouldn't matter if I learned to love myself again, since I would still be mostly alone... 

And loneliness is one of the worst kinds of mental pain, because you know that you don't matter to many people, that you care about people who either stopped caring about you, or they never did in the first place...

I admit it, I'm broken. My psychologist gave me some tasks and I haven't done them because I lack that motivation, I feel like there's pretty much nothing out there for me, that I dug my own grave with my mistakes, and there's no going back...