I called the police on my friendMy friend has been talking to me about suicide the entire 4 months I’ve known him and this past month alone there have been 5 or 6 times where I believe he would have actually done it had I not been on the phone with him. 
He has been depressed for years and used to take medication and see a therapist. He recently moved closer to where I live and now lives on his own with no help from his parents. He’s 18 years old. Tonight things got really bad and he started seriously taking about hanging himself. I asked him to tell me what I could do for him. He said to come see him. I’m in college and go to school 2 hours away from him by train. I have midterms this week and if I continue to do poorly I’m school I lose my scholarship and will have to drop out. I told him I could come see him this weekend and that I could stay on the phone with him all night  or text him all night because I have class in the morning. I see him every weekend sometimes for the entire weekend and when I’m there he feels okay and happy as he tells me. However because of my schooling I can’t spend more than weekends with him and I think this hurts him. 
Tonight it when I told him I couldn’t come, he got mire upset, said he had no reason to live. I’ve never heard him sound as angry or serious as tonight. After talking to him for an hour he didn’t get any less serious so I had my friend call the police to his house because I was scared for his safety. I stayed on the phone with him to keep him talking because he told me if I called the police he would throw himself out the window. 

Im just wondering if I did the right thing. He has a terrible relationship with his family who live out of state, he works three jobs to stay afloat. He was just about to rent a new, better apartment. But other than me he’s on his own, is broke and can’t afford the care he needs. I don’t know if by involving the police I could have made his life unnecessarily more difficult. 
Im sorry if this isn’t the best place to put it but I just want to know if my actions were the most appropriate given the circumstances. 

Also, I was updated by the 911 operator, he was transported to the hospital. So he is safe.