What is the point of carrying on anymore?I have been depressed now for several years and tbh it's got better... Until now, now I can't stop fantasising about killing myself and just ending it all. 

This may sound like a sob story to you but take it as you will just venting is a huge help of no one reads this it doesn't matter to me my thoughts are out there. Recently I lost most of my 'freinds' if you could call them that. Long story short they turned on my other friend and started bullying him for being pansexual so I did what I would expect of any decent person I backed him and eventually we got it to stop. That group that were doing it hate me for it and I hate them a million times more for what they have done. I only have two real friends left now let's call them S and L. S has been self harming recently and I've supported him (not doing it but trying to help him) and it got me thinking about it I have never cutt myself but I've got damn near close and almost killed myself. He's a great guy I hope if he ever reads this that he know that...

L we have been freinds for.the past 4 or 5 years and a couple years back I told him about my depression he was worried and he was the first to find out.

My school has tried giving me councilling which was shit ( I'm 15 btw) they never asked any questions about my depression or anything honestly I wouldn't have wanted to talk to a random stranger about it. Hypocritical?  you may say, sure does it matter? The only reason I had it in the first place (councilling) was because I had ODed the reasons behind that I don't even know myself. 

My background, on first glance I would appear normal, I look normal, sound normal and all that. However when I have a terrible relationship with my mum and despise my step dad, as he's never been so much as nice to me. When I was younger (1-8) me and my mum where tourmented by my father who was horrible, he legally had access to see me and he did once every couple weeks he would have me for a couple weekends a month.  He didn't feed me, clean me or my clothes, and he would tell me if I ever spoke to my mum again he would kill both of us bear in mind I was around 5 maybe 6 at the time this terrified me. He would neglect me and ruin my life honestly. He was the worst person I have ever met and luckily he dropped dead this year. Could go into more detail, maybe will later if people care.

Now you may be thinking that I'm making this up or I'm exaggerating this but I'm not if anything im under exaggerating it. 

Back to the topic: I have been wondering about how to kill myself too much recently and have really considered it, I was about to earlier but couldn't do it I froze. I don't know why I'm writing this to.disptqct myself from the pain of life? Maybe, thought I would mention that I suffer from social anxiety, depression, potentially bipolarand mild schitsophrenia.I still don't know why I'm writing this but I am if this helps somehow great! Idk how or if anyone helps me that you it really means a lot.

Thanks for reading.

Side note: Sorry for Spelling, Punctuation and Grammar I'm using my phone for this.