Too many mistakes, I'm not able to continue like this. One solution left.. (Warning:Wall of text,not the best English)Warning:Wall of text,not the best English sorry..

It starts way back in my early days (10-14), after I left the home country and come to the US I found myself in an alien world. I was having the greatest time of my life just before leaving and when I got here it was all gone, there was nothing I liked and no one I knew. When I went to school I landed in ESL, being almost clueless in English I stuck with the people who spoke the language I knew but they were not good people. Soon after that I had no choice but to associate myself with them and slowly through drinking a lot turned into one of them, stupid kids full of hate and now I was one of them. Years went by and after I was taken out into middle of nowhere and over some bullshit had a gun pointed to the back of my head by two of what I thought were my friends, I knew that it was time for me to once again leave everything behind. As soon as I got here I got really depressed, it got somewhat better when I got involved with the people in school but then again I had to leave them behind and depression kicked in again with much force than before. What didn't help at all was that my parents split up around the same time. I was in a cold and dark place for years, no contact with anyone except my family. Somehow I survived that time and got a little better, slowly I built up the courage to try again and meet new people. For a while things seemed to get better for me but just like with the first people I meet here, these new people were not the greatest either and again a downhill path was started. Not wanting to be all alone in a dark and cold place I chose to stick with them and as time went by started doing some drugs, for a while it felt like its helping me to cope with the reality as it is with drugs but before I got too far into the habits I kicked the hard drugs and along with them the people who did them. Here I was again getting into depression for the third time, this time it was a little easier to cope with through occasional smoking of cannabis. I did fall into depression but not as deep as with the two previous times, probably thanks to smoking or having a little experience with depression at this point. I had lost everything I had twice, lost everyone I knew twice and through the experience I gained from that I did not completely sever the ties with all the people I knew. I did end up spending most of the time alone but from time to time I was hanging out , smoking cannabis with 2-3 people from the last pack. This went on for some time and again things seemed to get better. I got really close to my brother in this time since we both smoked and for the most part enjoyed the same things. Years when by and from the initial 2-3 people that I kept in contact with I meet new people and everything seemed to be going well until I realized that my brother is doing drugs. I tried talking with him and tried many different ways to make him stop cause I knew these things don't do much other than numb the mind and close the eyes to reality. I was the only one in the family that knew about this and for a while I really tried many different things that I thought could make him stop but nothing worked and we slowly started to drift away from each other cause he was lying about his drug use. I still thought of him as of my best friend but things were not the same, he started to hide his habits and lie about it a lot but I knew how to spot the signs of these things so I knew he was not being honest with me. He slowed down to the point where I did not pay as much attention to it and time just went by. One day browsing reddit I noticed a post that seemed like its written by my brother and it was a suicide AMA/letter, something wasn't right about it though and the details given out by him were not 100% right. I was almost sure that its him cause of the writing style but he details he was giving out did not match up with reality so I showed it to my sister and she said its probably not him. I hoped she was right but I couldn't sleep at night knowing that I might lose him, I hard a very hard time falling asleep in this time and even the slightest sound around the house would wake me up with thoughts of him doing the unthinkable. It really bothered me but it might have been a false alarm like my sister said so slowly I adjusted back to normal and started sleeping again. Some time ago I meet a girl online, started talking with her and soon I fell head over heels for her but in retrospect way too soon. I really enjoyed talking with her and she seemed to enjoy talking with me, things went really great for me at this time and probably the best since the time I left the home country. I found the motivation to do things and enjoyed life thanks to her lovely personality, I was really happy for the first time in a very long time. I was so happy to find her and finally thought that again I'll be able to enjoy and share life with someone, I kind of sidelined my friends and family a bit for her and I guess I was blinded by love. One thing that I have learned over the years is that things in my life always turn to shit at some point. I noticed that my brother is again abusing drugs so I decided that something has to be done about it and its gotta be done now. I didn't explain it to her but after being so close to my brother through tough time I knew that he needs my help and at this time I sidelined her so I can do something about his issues. There was very little or nothing to be honest that worked first time I noticed he is doing drugs, I tried to get my brother to stop taking the pills but soon I found out that I'm powerless and cant do it just like I wasn't able to do it the first time. Not paying attention to the fact that because I didn't explain whats going on I hurt the feelings of the girl that made me happy and I lost her trust in me. We briefly stopped talking and drifted apart from each other. I didn't want to do it but I decided that since I wasn't able to do anything with my brother I'll let him do what the fuck ever he wants do since hes older than me and should be more responsible. So I tried talking with her but things were not the same, I hurt her feelings and she didn't trust me or was interested in me as much or even at all to be honest. It really hurt my feelings too since I did not intend to cause pain to anyone but that's unfortunately what I did. Depression sets in again at this time, harder and deeper than ever before. I would spend most of the time in my bed not moving and not doing anything except looking at the ceiling, I would spend 20+ hours like that on some days.  I decided I'm not going to let depression eat away at me again so I started self improving myself, I quit smoking cannabis and drinking soon after I stopped smoking cigarettes. I smoked cigarettes for close to 10 years but I had enough will power left in me to kick that habit, it was likely one of the hardest things that I have ever accomplished in my life. It left me with a feeling of achieving something positive and  I thought if I was able to do this maybe I'll be able to something else that's probably very hard, earn the trust of the girl I was so happy to find. That was something that's beyond my control unfortunately, she is not going to give me a chance at redemption. So through this I lost everything that made me happier than I was in a long long time, found hatred for my brother, hate for myself that I let things go this way and general despair about my future. I don't think I can continue living this way, every time that I find the strength and will to get up I just fall down harder and lower. Its getting really hard to find motivation to continue this senseless existence, I only see one solution and way out of this. I am aware it is a cowardly thing to do but it will be a piece of peace that will stay with me, a place where I cant fall down anymore. I had thoughts of hurting people and they seem to have a place in my head now, I do not want to do it that's for sure but I have these flash thoughts that race through my mind and I find it very hard to control them as the days go by. To top it all off I cant afford any therapy or medication since at the moment I am uninsured and underemployed, my family is getting strangled with debt (although they don't want to admit it) as is so I am not going to ask them for help either. I stood on a stool with a belt around my neck twice already and I don't think I can go that way but I already found a very peaceful way to go. For now I'm still fighting this, trying to fight it and not giving up for as long as I can but its getting really hard.. This is just a part of how fucked up I am and how much I messed up my life and lately messing up the life's of people, the things I said here are something that I never spoke about with anyone and I left out a lot of mistakes that I've made in my life since I do not want to be identified and stopped if I decide its time for me to go. 

If there is anyone who reads this, thank you. 