I'm done trying.I've always been alone. I've always been unhappy. I've tried so hard to change it over the years and I can't find the motivation to keep trying. Being generous and caring is fruitless, being selfish only makes things worse. The only way to win is to keep to myself and continue to suffer.

Life isn't worth suffering over. Only the strong succeed and I've tried so hard to be strong but that's not who I am. I've accepted my inferiority complex as a fact of life and I can't deny what I am anymore. I feel more than I'm supposed to; I'm too sensitive. I'm naive. I'm a fool. I'm stupid. I'm unattractive. I'm never good enough. I'm constantly in fear. I'm constantly withdrawn. Living hasn't been comfortable in months.

There was a point when I was happy but it was gone as quick as it came, and I can never get it back. I thought I found someone who cared. I thought I found someone I could depend on, someone I felt safe with. Someone I could trust. Someone I could have fun and be happy with.

I depended on her attention too much. She was so good to me but I was so insecure, she found someone else to love and it hurt so much. I tried so hard to stay friends with her but I was filled with sadness, guilt, and self-loathing. It annoyed her, it hurt her. I felt so much but she didn't feel anything. Now we can't even be friends and that hurts the most.

But it isn't her fault that I feel this way. None of it's her fault. It's all my fault. If I had loved myself and been more confident and more interesting maybe I could have kept her attention and we could have at the very least stayed friends. But I was too greedy. I wanted someone to depend on, someone I could be intimate with for once in my life. I was selfish and I hurt her by hating myself and her leaving because of it was fulfilling the worst fear I've ever had.

I can't love myself. There's no way to rationalize it, there never has been, I've been in denial until now. I have nothing but hate for myself and there's nothing I can do to change that. I don't have the willpower anymore. I don't have any confidence anymore. I can't do it. I'm never going to be happy. I'm never going to love and be loved. I just want to fall asleep and never wake up. I'm always going to be stuck in isolation, trapped in neverending dripping thoughts and fears. Life has been nothing but horrible to me, there's nothing to look forward to. I go through failure after failure and I never get to know what it's like to truly get anywhere. I've done nothing but regress any achievement I thought I'd made. I have nothing anymore. Nothing.