No identity [19m]I don't know who I am, and I have no idea how to learn about myself. I have no social skills or friends, I'm very awkward with everything I do, and I feel like I'm just put together wrong at a very deep level. I can't say a single positive thing about myself, because I simply don't have any reference inside my mind for what's good and what's bad. I've never had anyone ever say anything really nice about me, and I've never really known myself to be good at anything. I only feel the echos of all the nasty invalidating things people have said to me for as far back as I can remember. I constantly seek approval and help because I don't feel like I can trust myself with anything. I've spent the last 5 years just trying to be OK with myself and not be constantly depressed and anxious and coming out of that I'm quickly finding that I don't know how to be happy, and I don't know how to see the good in the world. I view the world as a fucked up and cruel place where I can't trust a single person with anything. I'm emotionally grayscale, there is very little positivity in my life. I'll either be anxious, frustrated, or hurt. I guess sometimes I do feel maniacally happy but that always has a negative spin on it.

I've taken up meditation, and I've done it quite extensively (10-120 minutes a day for 4 months). It really cleared up my view of the world. It hasn't really changed the views I have of myself though. I've hit a point with meditation where I see where I went wrong in life and what I missed. I didn't ever attain an identity and I stopped growing socially in 7th grade. I didn't ever find any interests or hobbies, I didn't ever make friends, I didn't ever connect with another person emotionally. 

I feel like I'll always just be catching up. I'll always be wandering through this emotional fog trying to grasp anything to make my new identity. I'll always be looking over my shoulder, I'll always think in a scale of gray, and I'll never be OK. I feel like I've reached the highest point of joy and liberation my personality can support. I feel I've peaked, at a very low height. The only thing I know for Sure I'm good at, is being unhappy and questioning reality.

I want help, I want to change. I really really do. It just looks like I'm in such a state of disarray and malignant that I'm past the point of no return. 

TL;DR

I can't stop asking questions, nothing makes sense to me. I have this deep sense of inferiority/invalidation that goes back well over a decade and that's all there truly is to my identity.

