I miss my grandparents and my homeI remember the 3 happiest years of my life. 2015 to 2017. I was so fucking happy. Everything was so amazing, I remember thinking I couldn't be sad, I couldn't feel sadness and that nothing could ever stop me... I started to draw, played online, talked to amazing people and met my boyfriend. Thanks Undertale for giving me all those memories, I still remember looking at all the comics and being excited for everything, being happy for every little thing I found and liked. I wonder if I'll ever feel those emotions again.
Normally it would seem obvious to say "Oh yeah, it'll totally happen again, nothing in life is a one time thing!" But it really feels like it was. I hope I never forget those happy memories because they are one of the few things keeping me alive, even though with time they are starting to fade away.
I wish I could go back to my small bedroom in Italy, my safe and happy place. The place with the small, yellow and white artificial lights. The place with the white desk and the light blue drawers. The place with the single bed, cozy bedsheets that made me feel warm and the orange-ish pavement that would get really cold in the winter and that I would always have to sprint on when I was barefoot. I miss that one warm spot in the floor where the heating was. I miss the yellow-ish sunlight I would see every morning when waking up. I miss going downstairs to my grandma and asking her about her day and what she was working on at school.
I've moved here and I'm afraid I'm not going to see my grandparents before they die. They're the only people I feel I have a connection with. If they die without having their granddaughter by their side telling them everything will be ok and they are going to be happy in heaven I don't know what I'll do. I want to see them before they pass away. I miss them so much. I wish they knew how much I loved them and how I wish they could stay with me forever. I don't care if my grandpa gets angry at me or if they're a bit close-minded about some things. I love them with all my heart. They're the only thing that will make me cry and bring emotion back into me. I want to sit at the table eating dinner in my grandma's kitchen while we all watch the news on TV. I want to be there to hear my grandpa talk about his back hurting and paying taxes. I want to be there for my grandma's smile, her taking me to church and going to the kindergarten she teaches in.
I want to be there for when my grandparents don't know how to fix their computer or log back in their Facebook account, for when my grandpa is alone at home because my grandma is the only one that still goes to work. I want them to be happy in their last years on Earth because both their daughter and their son have moved away and left them on their own. I want to be there because they deserve it after being alive and striggling for so long. They deserve to be happy even if they were not the best parents to my mom and uncle. They are the sweetest people I know and I want to be by their side. They showed me what it means to love without having to say "I love you". I miss my grandma asking me what I wanted to eat for dinner and worrying about me when I wouldn't eat lunch.
I miss the really special times when I was little and they would come to my other house, the first one I lived in. I miss how they were really proud of my first drawings and hung them up on the fridge even though they were really bad. I miss my grandpa's smiling with his white small mustache and poofy cheeks. I miss my grandma taking me to the hairdresser when she would get her hair dyed brown again. I miss looking at her in her rectangular glasses while she reads the newspaper and looks for new discounts on supplies, I miss her getting mad at me, I miss everything about her. I miss joking about the way she dressed with my mom because of how old her kind of fashion was, I miss resting my head on her lap on the white sofa they keep in their living room while playing with my grandpa's iPad. I miss being so carefree with them. I wish I was born as my mom. I don't care if they were bad parents, I just wish I could spend some more time with them. I miss them so much.
I talk about them and I start to cry. I don't know which one of them will have to go first and in any case part of me would die with them.
I miss my grandma being weirded out by the stuff me and my friend wear because she's not used to it, and I also miss having to explain why some things become trends and thing like that.
I miss my grandpa laughing and smiling like the sweetest old man ever.
They are the only people that make me happy. I'm sad I won't see them anymore in a few years and even though I'm not religious I just wish that, if God really does exist, he gives my granny and granps the best place in heaven he can find.
I just wish for them to be the happiest they have ever been before not being anymore.
I love them more than anyone else.


Sorry if this was too long. I might translate it and send it to my grandparents later.