Life is so tiringMy daughter just turned one, but more and more I've been feeling so distant from everyone for no reason. I sometimes look at her and just dont emotionally recognize her as anything but a baby. I dont feel a connection with her anymore other than sometimes gushing over how cute she is. my bf/baby daddy is the same for me. he and I have been together for about 7 years now. 

We've had ups and downs but I haven't cared for him much since I caught him texting and exchanging nudes with other girls. I stayed with him and forgave him but he did it again two weeks later, again caught him, again forgave him, and he hasnt done it since (as far as I know). 

I used to love him to the ends of the earth, left my family and religion that I deeply cared about to be with him, but now I only stay with him because it would be a hassle to break up and I dont have the means to live by myself and my baby.

I changed too. I was doing so good with routine and hardwork before and during my pregnancy but after the birth and moving in with him, I've become lazy and despondent. my confidence is practically gone. I have no friends anymore though I used to have many. I've gained weight and have stretch marks everywhere.

My mother in law that I live with keeps spreading lies about me, that I dont feed my daughter, that I dont take care of her, and has threatened to call social services so she can adopt my daughter. this isnt true though, all I do at home is take care of my daughter. She's known by the family to be extremely abusive, manipulative and to be a pathological liar, but no one outside the family knows this.

Lately a lot of people online and around me have been joking about rape and argue that most women are liars when it comes to this and I've just been trying not to show it but it triggers some unwanted memories and I get nauseous and stressed everytime I hear about it.

I just want to die. That's all. I know my mom would take great care of my baby since accourding to my mother-in-law I'm not enough, and maybe that's true.
I'm so tired of everything and everyone, and I feel so useless and a waste of space and money to my families. should I kill myself? what should I do before hand so I don't inconvenience more people?