I really feel like killing myself over thisExactly two years ago I dumped my ex. She was 8 years older and tried to build a life with me. At first she said she didn't want kids. Later on she said 'maybe with the right person'... She also proudly said she'd only date white guys (she's Asian)... She asked for a relationship after one night together. I also remember I told her that my parents were dead and she had this fake cry about it. Maybe it was genuine, but to me it felt fake. A bunch of red flags. I should have said ended it straightaway because what's the use of an 8 year older woman who's living on the other side of the world? I was still a lazy student. 

However, she was extremely sweet to me. At that time I was very high value for her. Young, attractive European guy who was in love with her. Immediately she went overboard with scheduling business trips. When she visited she brought so many gifts. Anything to create leverage over me. It was obvious: breaking up was no option. 

However, I thought to myself: wait a second, this will never work out. She's so much older, in her mid 30s, she probably wants kids and so on. I should break up. I was extremely immature though so I didn't communicate that until it was like 3 weeks before Christmas and she'd fly over. I asked when her birthday was again to make sure I wouldn't forget it, she gets angry and hangs up the phone. Then I call her 'maybe we should break up'... She starts crying and hangs up the phone again. Then she calls again. Immediately she has drawn her conclusions while I thought we'd finally have a good conversation about our relationship. She starts talking about her flight and I'm like 'I don't know, dramaqueen' and so on. Yelling at me. Unfollowing me. Behaving like a toddler who didn't get what she wanted.

In the end she still flies over and we only meet during her last night there. I don't properly explain myself then. She also said I shouldn't call her dramaqueen 'yea sorry just did that without thinking'... She calls me to forgive me 6 months later, but I ignore it.

Since our break-up I turn my life around. I was always smoking like 5 spliffs and 10 cigarettes per day and only ate garbage. I quit those things and start working out 6 days per week. Eating extremely healthy. I also lose my grandma a year ago. After that I fully realize: I'm going to die someday. I feel such intense regret because I should have lived with that idea in mind at 18 years old. Not at 27/28 after smoking way too much and giving myself a huge risk of (lung) cancer. So I spiral in the darkest depression ever and become extremely suicidal.

Then I contact this ex about missing her, 'what could have been' and so on. It wasn't even about getting her back. Mostly just wanted to talk because she was 8 years older and always very sweet to me. However, what I don't realize is the persona she adopted while dating me was just her investing into me. Being the sweet woman who would help me figure life out because that's what I liked about our relationship. Especially after my parents died. So she replies: 'It's over. I've improved a lot since then. You were the worst dumper ever. Grow up. Get a grip.'

Eh what is this hostility all of a sudden? Last time we met you were still sweet to me. I'm extremely depressed and irritational and do something so stupid after that, it was an impulse, I had done it without any forethought and it has fucked me up for 9 months already:

I made a new account and wrote 'Fuck improving. I'm done with life. Pointless bullshit anyway. Before it happens, you still want my cat?'

She gets angry. I tell her I just think it's too late. 'Nothing is too late you're just living in your tragic mind'... I make a new account to tell her how unhealthy I lived 'so? your choice to live in a dumphole' and blocks me again. I keep trying to explain my depression, but she keeps engaging and blocking me. Being a heartless bitch about it. 

Then in the end she says 'you didn't change a bit and only went backwards' so I make a new account to tell her I did change. Then she explodes and writes an awful message filled with insults. It melts my brain. Keeps repeating 24/7. The first months it was so awful, but I still think about it all the time. She said she'd never reply anymore no matter how I provoke her. I'm already at my lowest point and on the verge of suicide so I just keep spamming her. Explaining why dumping her was selfless and so on. In the beginning I was pissed too and completely cursed her out. She keeps refusing to talk while I can't stop thinking about it so I keep writing messages all the time. Writing it, deleting it, writing it again. Like wayyyyyy too much. During the lockdown so absolutely no life at all constantly trying to type the perfect message and deleting it again. It repeats in my head at an unbearable rate. After 5 months she puts her Instagram on pause and I quit. Also like 10 messages on LinkedIn. An extremely embarrassing e-mail to her work, etc... This month I tried again. We're 9 months later. I keep thinking about her horrible last message. I want to make peace before the year ends...

But again, she ignores it and eventually puts her Instagram on pause again 😓😓😓

So long story short: I'm a pathetic loser who wasted a whole year on processing a bunch of terrible insults that kept repeating in my head all the time. I wrote extremely cringy messages to her trying to fix it, but that was only digging a deeper hole. And now I've given her the power to destroy my life. She can share those messages online and everyone will laugh at me. She can send it to my new girlfriend. She can expose me after my death and I will never know. I feel so bad about this, lost all my self-respect and want to kill myself over this.