Want to commit because people are selfish and annoying by nature?Sometimes I think I would be fine if I was left on my own, but people have to fucking insist on fucking bothering me all the time. Why is it essential that we have to fucking socialise with dumb fucks. 

People only care about themselves, lie about everything, do things for attention and literally don't care about who they hurt unless they are okay. 

I'm not saying I'm perfect and never done these things. But people literally DO NOT CARE about anyone but themselves. 

This sound delusional but honestly I feel like I'm not supposed to be on this world. People just don't listen at all, I have cried for help many times but literally no one cares so why don't I just kill myself. It's fucking sad that if I killed myself people would use that for sympathy, some people would be relived that this has happened,

Why are people so dumb and have no consideration for others, people are just using each other constantly and I just want to be on my own. People only "care" for one another because of how it makes THEM feel, as soon as they find a better version of this they'll stop caring and move on. 

I don't agree with life, I'm angry and I don't want to be here. Why do I keep pushing myself to tolerate people that are just selfish, everyone is just constantly trying to protect their pride and hold up a facade of who they are. 

I'm tired of pretending, just fuck everyone. I have no faith in humanity, everyone is out for something. 

And why does no one care about mental health, why am I told to just get on with it, why have I been on a waiting list for over 1.5 years. 

I know I don't sound like I am, but I honestly try and be a good person so much and go out of my way for others. But other people have been so self absorbed they don't even realise and think they're entitled, if it was the other way around they wouldn't do it for me. And I think it's sad because when I tell people this they say, just concentrate on yourself. WHY, why can't people just have consideration for one an another.
