OD because I am at rock bottomI think I am going to OD because I will not be able to take a public hate campaign and I know terrible information that IDK what to do with

I’ve been in a 3 year relationship with a successful musician. Everything has been getting to me (from my past to this breakup that happened 2 weeks ago). I’m really afraid of things going public because I think his fans will create a smear campaign against me or send hate. I’ve already seen many comments speculating about our breakup. He has been receiving some hate, as am I when they don’t even REALLY know me or what has happened! We looked perfect in the public eye as well. Paparazzi have come up to me asking why I’ve been looking sad lately, why I’ve been less active, and asking questions about my boyfriend. 

Now being out of it, I’ve realized how abusive, manipulative &amp; selfish he really is. And fans fueling his ego doesn’t help at all. He kicked me out of our home through a letter on a table after I had just got done w errands. No real explanation, I thought things were perfect as we discussed getting spontaneously married in a few weeks . I am now looking for a new home, staying with friends, trying to be strong but I can’t. I can barely process anything. I’ve lost 11 lbs already. And only get 2-3 hours of sleep a night. 

His manager has been supplying us with drugs and that’s where I’m going to get my fix from. The abuse I’ve received from the music industry, family, and him is all clouding up my mind rn. Even though I’ve gone though a lot, from being a public figure to my own personal bs. Nothing has hurt me more than this. I actually loved that guy with everything in me. I have never loved anyone or anything more. Directly after the breakup I went through his phone/computer to get answers as he told me nothing. He was loyal to me but I saw in a few convos w his friends he was saying the reason why he wants to break up is bc there is no spark. That’s it. 

I also saw a history of him watching rape videos whenever I’d be away from him and that he HAS HAD RAPE ALLEGATION on him that he paid off a year before we met! And it never got leaked or talked about. Even I never fucking knew about this or heard until I searched through everything. I am thinking about connecting w the alleged victim though before I OD though. This breaks me so much because on social media he has made posts about feminism. And also I would see females approach him after shows telling him how amazing of a guy he is etc etc. 

I’m in a world of shock. I don’t know what to do. Or how to process any of this. I’ve tried to talk w therapists, hang out with friends/family, record in the studio, nothing brings me joy. Our last interaction was me confronting him in which he was completely silent and shoved me out the door. Yet he’s still painting himself out to be this great guy. I know people have good/bad in them but the BAD REALLY OUTWEIGHS THE GOOD. 

This all hits different, this has been my first relationship w another public figure, first relationship where we lived together w the same goals, and the only man I actually gave my all to. It hurts so much. 

I have lived my life already. I’m in my 20s and have been able to tour the world, I found love (then lost it), I am self sufficient, battled abuse, but now... I just can’t do it anymore. Idk what to do.