Returning hallucinations and intense feelings of self-hatredHi.

A few years ago, I was diagnosed with schizophrenia, after going through a long period of depression and experiencing both auditory and visual hallucinations. I quite lost touch with reality, and was convinced that I was in a coma, and the only way to wake up was to commit suicide. I attempted suicide several different times, with obviously no success. At that point, I was on both anti-psychotics and anti-depressants, which I am not currently using anymore. 

However, as of approximately 6 weeks ago, the hallucinations have started to come back, along with an intense lack of energy and feelings of self-hatred. No matter which way I look at myself, or how much I try to convince myself I shouldn't feel the way I do, I can't help but hate everything about myself to the point where I am constantly having suicidal thoughts. 

Aside from the feelings of self-hatred, as I previously mentioned my hallucinations have returned as well. I experience a lot of auditory hallucinations which mostly consist of a lot of chaotic loud noises and yelling, but also sometimes regular speaking.  I often have difficulties separating these hallucinations from reality, something which is also the case for memories I (think) I have. By this, I mean I have a hard time separating actual memories from stuff that I seem to make up in my head on the spot. These imaginary memories are things that would be perfectly possible, so not anything out of the ordinary like committing violent acts or anything like that. They are so realistic and possible that I would describe it as them being memories of other people, as ridiculous as that sounds. 

I am also constantly having a lot of issues properly talking to people in general, as I have a hard time forming coherent sentences while speaking, which usually leads to me starting a sentence over from the beginning 3 to 4 times. This is a lot harder for me when it comes to speaking about personal things (such as this), to the point where I try to sustain from doing so as much as I can, or just keeping it as short as possible.

I feel like it would be incredibly difficult to talk about this to my parents (I'm 18), because I feel like I would put a lot of unwanted pressure and problems on them, which is partially why I'm writing this post. At this point, I'm just not sure what to do anymore and where I go with this, aside from going back to seeing my psychiatrist. While this is the most viable option, I would prefer to put this off for a little while longer, seeing as I would have to inform my parents about what is going on for that.

Thanks for your time. 