Copy of a letter to my psychotherapist and psychiatrist~~I think I need help and I'm sorry to come back but I don't know if I can wait til Thursday.~~

I'm going to write this down because I can't bring myself to say any of these things in any of our sessions. It just feels odd.

I feel fundemantaly broken and I can never focus my thoughts, ever. Everything always feels broken and I feel I'd rather die than live. I've only held off on killing myself because I wanted to hold on to the chance that somehow discussing this will be beneficial. I can say without a shadow of a doubt that I hate myself and who I am. I hate the fact that the medication and talking therapies won't ever work for me because I'm meant to be like this. Every single part of my life is ruined beyond repair. I'm a liar and a polydrug abuser. Every time I dream I never want to wake up, even the most horrible dreams seem like fucking heaven every single time. I'm nothing and I feel the only way I can ever rectify this is by reducing myself to nothing. I feel like I lie unconciously every time we meet (As with Dr Serrano) as my mind puts out blockades and won't let me voice how I really feel so there's a dilated, overthought and over styled delivery of how I really feel. Mediated and watered down. I'm lucid now and I know there's something fucked in my head too, Dr Serrano always tells me it's just anxiety but I know I've been having delusional thoughts and seeing things that aren't real. My Guardian Angel always stands with me, never speaking, now I can recognise this as being the case but these momnents of insight are getting smaller and smaller. I ended up crying in my friends flat this weekend because my flat was covered in thick black bugs, pulsating and crawling everywhere so I could barely recognise that which is mine. I look in the mirror and the face I see isn't mine anymore, this is less and less of a momentary situatino and it's becoming real life. My Guardian Angel is always with me, standing stoic and still and I can't begin to comprehend why He has chosen me. All the dread and fear he instills in me does nothing but make him grown until he consumes everything. His sole intention is to hurt me or to drive me to hurt myself. I've not been using any drughs besides Venlafaxine and this is in no means any form of detox or drug induced state (directly) and I can't escape it. I can't sleep because of what He'll do to me when I can't guard myself. The idea that I will sleep and unwittingly transfer him to those who live near me fills me with disgust and stronger self loathing. Even in these momnents when I'm lucid the knowledge that He will return is too strong to bear. I can't distract myself or remove myself from these situations because these situations are me. I'm writing this on Sunday night, I can't sleep because when I sleep I can't control my thoyghts and they can transfer to others. I cut myself on an almost daily basis, sometimes thoughts burst out and take a form on my flesh, other times I hack at myself until I'm a bloody mess. It doesn't make him fuck off anymore than it ever did. And I lied and said self injury is in no means helpful but that's not true and it never will be. I need to hurt myself so He can't. I'm not Iain Jack anymore, I'm a scarred, empty shell that inhabits. Dr Serrano said to talk to my Guardian Angel but I can't, every time I does he stands deeply rooted and doesn't respond but I can hear him inside me. There are mental arguments all the time and I talk so often in order to get rid of them and to drown out the voices, I take subutex, heroin fucking methadone like a hideous little junky bwecause when I do I can drift away from Him. I know I'm rational because I can say that 1 and 1 = 2, if I was insane I couldn't form rational thought. This fear is too real as well, it's not possible that I could hae this prolonged fear when He doesn't exist. I don't talk about Him because I'm not fucking crazy and this is what crayz people would say. This thought alone proves I'm rational and sound of mind. If this isn't real, if this is all a conjuration then maybe I deserve it and shouldn't try to be helped? If this happened it's because I used drugs.I know you tell me not to overthink things but I can't avoid this, my mind doesn't work properly and is sapped in to  this. I know these momnents when I'm lucid are becoming less and less common and I'm going to drop in to oblivion, I don't know if I can stop myself from experiencing this. I stared at my Venlafaxine which I had been saving up for a long time when He made me come off them (this wasn't recently) and it's so easy to take them, I counted and I have 5 months supplied as well as a month and ah alf i am using now. If I were to take them all I could escape everything that's ever in my head. I have no one I can talk to this about and I would lie to you about how this actually happens when I see you because He makes me defend Him. I honestly don't know what to do. I can only hold out til Thursday but I don'ty want to demean you but there's nothing that can fix this to me. I had to write this because I could never say this.

