I cannot get the help I needI've tried. Please, if nothing else, believe that I have tried. I've tried friends. I've tried family. I've tried professionals. Friends just tell me - or tell themselves - that I'll be ok, because I always am. Family...well, family was the cause of many of my problems, the perpetuation of many more, and where the rest of them seemed to go to die. I gave up on family last year, and that was the best decision I have ever made for myself. Professionals? It's the same with each one, no matter what kind of professional they are (doctor, psychologist, psychiatrist, social worker, dentist, etc). First, they start with an 'open mind' as I tell my story, and they of course nod and give affirmations that they are listening and that I should feel validated. Then they proceed to treat me like any other person on the standard script that they are used to treating. Then I try to work with them, and subtly point to the scientific queues that my case is actually, for once, different. Then they proceed to outwardly 'acknowledge' those queues, while inwardly keeping me on the same internal script. Lather, rinse, repeat, until it's one missed-queue too many, and I am officially giving up while they are officially starting to believe me. I wish I could say that I am delusional, and that nobody ever believes me. But they always do...a moment too late. The doctor believed me...a moment too late. My therapist, who I put my faith and trust and all of my honesty in, did not believe me until the twelve thirtieth hour, when it was already too late. It's like no matter how hard I try, and no matter how honest and upfront I am, I cannot get anyone to see me for who I am, or believe me for what I really need them to believe, until it is too late, and i have given up. And it's always the same. They always end up believing me, and confessing that they were wrong, and mistaken, and following a script that belongs to 99.9999% of people, and couldn't believe it didn't belong to me, until it's already too late. Why do I always check out before they finally check in? My doctor thought he knew better, and disregarded everything I said until it was too late. We got the scan and the proof that I really was dying of a terrible disease, rare though it may be, before he believed any of my ailments were more than mere psychological manifestations. My psychologist, witness to this all and claiming the entire time that he believed me, failed to believe the one thing I needed him to believe - that I needed to be pushed, and challenged. He treated me like some delicate flower, and no matter how much I pleaded with him to listen to me, to PLEASE believe me, he believed his own script that he had in his head. It wasn't until I was checked out, and done, and ready to be dead, that he confessed he finally did believe me. I still don't know if he was saying so much because he truly felt so, or because he was just trying everything he could think of to bring me back. But in the end, it was the same as it was with everyone else: too little, too late. I cannot get the help that I need, at least by the time that I need it. I truly am helpless. The fight truly feels futile. And no matter what anyone says to me, I have probably already said it to myself, and you are all too late. In the end, it comes down to me, like it always has, my entire goddamn life. I cannot rely on anyone else, ever. And sometimes I get REALLY. FUCKING. TIRED. knowing that the only person I can depend on is me. Because I cannot get the help that I need, when I need it. And I am only human. And eventually, every human needs help beyond their own abilities. What will I do then?