No idea what to do in so many different aspects of my lifeLet me preface this by saying that although I worked hard to get where I am, I know I'm a very lucky person.

My whole life I've had few complaints - had some friends, played some sports, had some girlfriends, had some sex, been in love - experienced life as your average American grade schooler through high schooler through college student through young professional would experience it. I'm a bit more introverted than most, but I did plenty of things to not feel like I've wasted all my time. I worked hard in high school to get a full ride in college to not have to worry about loans, and am lucky enough to have a career that pays me $80,000 a year and a half after graduating, in a city where the cost of living is low. I'm kind of rambling but it's because I'm trying to make a point in that so many people would kill to have what I have.

Yet for some reason I just don't really want to live. I'm not really sad or anything. I just feel like I've experienced enough and I'd be fine with not living anymore. It's been this way for the last decade on and off where I'd be totally okay if I just vanished into thin air and everyone simply forgot I ever existed. I don't hate my career, but I'm not at all passionate about it. If I knew what I wanted to do, I'd throw out my current job and do it in a heartbeat, but I have no idea what I want to do. And what I do enjoy doesn't really change the fact that I don't have a desire to live. I have hobbies I love, like snowboarding, and I've had good girlfriends I've been very in love with, but even with all that, I often just want to fade out of existence. 

I'm pretty nihilistic in that I don't think life has any intrinsic meaning and that it's one's responsibility to assign meaning to their own life. I've just never been able to no matter how hard I've tried. And that purposelessness makes me feel okay with not wanting to be alive. And when times get tougher like they are now, I often lean towards wanting to be dead rather than simply being apathetic about it.

I used to think that fun activities and dating were just distractions from that apathy, but over time I've sort of assigned more importance to them. When I do them, I'm living my life just like I am at any other point in time, so maybe that "distraction" from the apathy is what life is supposed to be like. But even then, I can't help but feel it's a bit shallow when I know in reality it can't always be like that, and even if it were, I'd likely just get sick of it over time.

I'm sorry, I know this isn't really cohesive in any way, but it's just me thinking through these things and typing them out.

TL;DR - I'm just not sure what to do with my life. I've tried hard to prescribe meaningfulness to my life and I can't really do it. This results in me being apathetic about living under normal circumstances, and makes me lean towards not wanting to live when situations get more difficult.

Thanks for reading. I'll check back in tomorrow if anyone has any thoughts.