i’m going to do it.i posted a few days ago. 

anyway, looks like my qns on manual hotel door lock is unnecessary after all. of course i’d prefer to die in a hotel room. 
called the suicide hotline 2 days ago. thanks gary for buying me an extra day. 
yesterday was difficult. even tho i had a referral letter addressed to the a&amp;e, i couldn’t bring myself to do a consult. 
the thoughts that “they don’t really care about u at all. your life don’t matter. this is really the best way out. what’s after this? (if u survive) and we have been down this road, by imagining all the possible scenarios and the actions to take. this is really the best way out. you’ve no future. they can’t help you. your situation isn’t one that can be improved by antidepressant, it just can’t.” are loud. so i told the dr i changed my mind about a consult before they figured out what i’m there for, and walked the fuck out of the a&amp;e. 

i been planning this all night. 
and by this morning, everything’s going by plan so far. 
i collected my prescription and made sure it’s a lethal dose. i’ve figured out where i’m going to do. i even brought my comfort plushie out with me so i have something to hold onto in my last moments because i think that’ll be a great source of comfort. 

i got everything now. ate my last meal. 
am waiting in line to get my drink so i have something to swallow those pills with. thank god they’re small. 

i wish someone’s here to read me a story while i lose consciousness. i just want to hear a voice. but that’s okay, i got spotify and my comfort plushie. 
and i picked the most remote spot so i won’t be found until it’s way too late (my room isn’t a great option because apparently i’m okay with potentially traumatising everyone but family. also i’m not close with family so i don’t want them to be touching my body) and in about 30 mins to an hour, i should be unconscious and then... goodnight world. 

i brought some xanax out too, to help make it faster to sleep and ease any discomfort. 

there’s not much else, really. not inconsolable. in fact, i feel rather calm and okay. more than okay. 
dont have anyone i want to talk to. i’m not even thinking about that. not leaving a note or sending any messages (who do i even send it to? i don’t have anyone. no friends, just acquaintances.) that might potentially arose any suspicion. i can’t risk anything foiling my plans. 

i’ve also made sure my phone can’t be unlocked unless i’m looking directly at it so no one will ever find this account or anything else. 

okay now. bye.