I made a dumb decision, didn't go through with it, and now I don't know what comes nextI was suicidal today. I've been heavily depressed for the past week, but today it peaked. I had made the decision on a whim to get a hotel room to overdose in, so nobody could come and save me (I am currently living with family, no longer living on my own, I'm a 24F, it's a long story) and mostly so they wouldn't be the ones to find me to spare them of that. After lying in my bed for an hour in depression contemplating my plan, I then packed my bags, and loaded my car with a couple of blankets that I knew would provide me comfort as I would be dying from the pills, along with my laptop and a body pillow. I knew I had a playlist on my computer ready for whatever day I did decide to go through with killing myself, so I knew I had to pick an expensive hotel with wifi to access Spotify for it to work. I lied to my mom and told her I was spending the night at a friend's. I felt guilty for that, but I wanted to see her one last time. 

I stopped at the local dollar store on the way to the hotel to pick up a final dinner and a bottle of wine, I have no idea why. I wasn't really in my right mind. Nothing felt real in any second of what I was doing. I kept thinking to myself, "Is this really going to be my last moment here?" and "I can't wait for this to finally be over." I got back in my car, and called the hotel for a reservation. I won't say how much the room was, but it was a lot. My stomach did a flip from the amount, but I didn't care, because I knew I wouldn't be waking up tomorrow. I felt free, I felt a surge rush through my brain; like a high. The recklessness of everything that was going on felt incredible, and I felt relaxed during the drive because the plan was in place and no one knew it was going on. Only I knew, and I knew I wouldn't be waking up the next morning. When I got there, I got my things situated, showered, ate my meal, and put on makeup, because my plan was to look good before going to sleep permanently. 

But...when I had all of my pills on the bed, I had all of this, fear, in my chest that just wouldn't go away. My heart wouldn't stop pounding. I felt sick to my stomach, and my crippling depression that lasted for hours on end was replaced with actual fatigue, and suddenly I wanted to enjoy my blankets. So I started crying. And I told one of my friends through messaging, and he was in total disbelief (as he should). He told me not to do it, and I decided to not. So now I'm writing this, out to the Internet, to a bunch of strangers' eyes to see. I feel ashamed and embarrassed. I went all this way for nothing. I had such a solid plan, but didn't follow through. Am I weak? What am I? Am I insane? Unstable? I don't know if I am honestly okay. Yes I will wake up alive tomorrow, but now I'm going to face the regrets of my decisions that I made and face the continuation of my life with my depression.