ConsideringHello.


There's so much to write here, but I don't want to make anyone read all that. Instead, picture this: a sophomore college student at a highly rigorous college, with a 3.9 GPA. She's tackling 18 credit hours, but in her free time she works as a writing tutor and runs the website for the school's annual creative publication. Her professors praise her work, especially her writing, which is great because she's an English major. She also works for an up-and-coming web design company that has a bright future--she's a mere 19-years-old and will soon be getting a retirement plan, which is more than most people her age can even dream of. She will be turning 20 next week. She has wonderful friends and incredibly supportive and loving parents. Everything is perfect.


She enjoys school and work. It keeps her busy. It keeps the negative thoughts away. But they creep in. Triggers are everywhere.


She owns two wonderful pet rats who she could talk about all day. They are the center of her life. They are the best thing that ever happened to her. And the worst. They were feeder rats meant for snakes, but she rescued them from a tiny bin full of thirty other rats.


Her rats taught her secrets of the universe. It sounds huge, but watching them, she saw how one could live so peacefully with another, take such joy in napping and eating blueberries and taking care of one's companions. Rats live so close to death, shining brightly for a couple of years before moving on. She's okay with this--death is a part of life, and she has owned animals all her life.


But she learned terrible truths. She saw the conditions the feeder rats were kept in. She saw the truth behind the cute rats at the pet store. She learned you can make a homemade euthanization contraption with a Tupperware and SodaStream. Breeders cull their litters for undesirable traits. Laboratories are the worst. Pick your murder method: anesthesia, CO2 suffocation, exsanguination, decapitation, cervical dislocation, or simply dying of stress, depression, or experimental symptoms. Among the scientific jargon in research papers, they will state they "sacrificed" these animals. As though they care. As though their research is truly significant. As though they are saving lives as they take others.


She tried talk-therapy, which has worked for anxiety for years and her first encounter with depression several years ago. She is on two medications for depression/anxiety. She works very hard to take care of herself, making an effort to talk to people and take walks and not isolate herself. She smiles during the day, but she cries herself to sleep at night. She looks at her two rats, her two little boys, and sees such potential for pain. She looks at a Biology student just down the hall, who already is dissecting mice in her research--a new generation learning to kill. She sees a college alumni from her own school, his first job skill on LinkedIn proclaiming he can take live mouse brain slice samples. She tries to avoid the internet and social media. She plays Sudoku. Below the Sudoku board, an ad for mouse traps "guaranteed to kill" appears. She cannot get away from it.


She could do something to try to combat this cruelty, but this pain is unbearable, and to willingly face it is unthinkable. But she can't ignore it without guilt. She feels insane from all she knows. She understands why animal activists are often brushed off as crazy: the things we do to animals are crazy, and there is no way to gently say that you can buy a rodent guillotine online, or just use a Tupperware and SodaStream if your budget is low.


She cannot take it. She cannot take it. This is a problem she cannot solve. The creatures she cares about most will never be free. She cannot fight it, or ignore it. This is not one bad event; this is an ongoing, never-ending situation that she has no control over.


And she wants the pain to stop. She might have done it already, but such a pragmatic and perfectionist person can't just throw away something as valuable as life. She wants to write an incredible final letter, explaining all the pain she has seen. She hopes it will be somehow published or released to the public, and perhaps something will change. But more than likely she will just be another statistic, and her pain will be marked as "stress and depression." They keep telling her there must be an underlying issue. But the only issue is a heart that is too caring.


Without going into detail, she wants to go out as the rats do. She wants to feel their pain. She wants people to see the horror when it is applied to a human.


Her parents would be devastated. It is they who have kept her trying to stay alive. But the pain hurts. She wants more than anything for someone to tell her, "It's okay. If you need to leave, then leave." But no one will. She feels so alone in her pain.


Her rats would not know what has become of her. But they will join her soon enough. She doesn't know what it will be like after--nothingness, or paradise, or a world where justice is served and those who were tormentors are now the tormented.


She has so much to live for. But she doesn't care. She cannot accept that suffering exists. Happiness, relaxation, and love feel fake, a thin facade over the darkness below.


She doesn't know what to do. It hurts more than anything she has ever felt, and has for months. There is no solution, except to leave. I have searched and searched for any relief, any answer. But I can't do this anymore. What do I do?