I've spent the last 37yrs suffering, why spend another 37?As I lay here, I try to sleep but to no avail. Thoughts of what I did in my life to deserve such atrocities and be forced to live my life as I am. I lost my entire family, lost nearly all of my friends. The few that stuck around are more, fare-weather-benificial-selfish assholes. I've tried to kill myself a few damn times and failed miserably. Back in 99 after losing my grandfather who was the only father figure I had in my life. I decided I wanted to join him. So I took 100 pills (not going to say which ones... Because well yeah. I'm not an asshole) but I ended up in the ER on deaths bed, unfortunately we know how that ended up. Tried to jump off the Golden Gate Bridge, that ended with the biggest mind fucks of all time. Then a few months ago I tried to hang myself. I remember blacking out and going completely limp. Woke up on the floor.

Suicide hotlines are a joke. I'm sure they help some people, I text the crisis line sometimes, wait an hour or 4 and by the time the person gets on the phone, I feel I'm talking to a robot. No emotion, no ability to speak on how I really feel in fear of the police coming to snatch me up. I suffer from severe depression, bipolar 1, PTSD, anxiety, stress. I've recently been diagnosed with PTSD so it's a learning curve but it's getting harder and harder for me to survive each day. I will be 40 soon, I have absolutely zero.

If I died tomorrow, I wouldn't have anybody to come claim my body and to bury me. I would sit in the morgue for weeks until they stick me in a pauper grave as just a number. My "friends" wouldn't care enough to do it let alone show up to a funeral if there was one. I haven't heard anybody tell me they love me in almost 9 years. It's such a horrible feeling knowing you have been completely forgotten about in life. Knowing nobody cares enough about you to tell you they love you. As much as it hurts it helps me in my fight against myself in the never ending battle between life and death.

All I can do now is pray a helicopter, airplane, cement truck, meteor or comet comes crashing through the roof and hitting me. My luck I'd probably survive as a head and partial torso and right shoulder. Suicide and death are two things dear to me. I wish I knew life and love. But I guess that's life right? You live and you learn, whether you love or be loved is optional.