Don't turn into me because of me..There's only one person in the world who I spill my heart and mind to, and in all honesty I'm afraid that it might hurt HIM mentally someday. (One of the reasons I'm now seeing a therapist.) Sometimes, I'm in a particularly...self hating..mood.
I guess is the best way to put it.

And I lay down.

And I cry. And I tell him all the reasons why I deserve to die.

I'm a leach when it comes to money, I don't try to be, it just happens most of the time. 
I'm a burden on everyone I meet, they can deny it all they want, I'm an emotional sledge hammer.
I don't have any friends, and I feel that almost everyone I have met over the course of being at this new school fucking hates me. 
I don't see myself living any grand life. I don't see much purpose in it, and because the world is a shithole, I blame that on lack of money.
I just feel like my issues weigh heavy on people other than me, and, I feel like the sooner I kill myself, the sooner people can be free of the burden that is me.
I'm scared of growing up. (I'm 22)
I'm scared of going through all the adult things like...bills and taxes and mortgages and all that fun stuff. (One of the many reasons I've decided to be childfree is to try and make that easier. )

I'm just another person in the crowd. 
When I die, the world will move on. Everyone will learn to move on. 
It'll be no different than swatting a fly.

My fiance...he...tries to help me.
It seems like when he comes to me and holds me, I start to calm down. 
But what do I do when I have an episode and he isn't there?

I even sat down with him and told him what I wanted him to do in the event that I did finally kill myself.
I feel so bad that I felt the need to do that, but everytime I write a letter, I tend to get bored or something with it.

I hope he doesn't end up like me BECAUSE of me, and I'd keep it in, but sometimes it's too much to keep in, and he's the only person in the world I have...everyone else abandoned me for one reason or another...or no reason. I'm just left with no explanation, left to wonder what I did wrong..

The sad...but maybe fortunate part...is despite how I sometimes want to die so very badly...I'm also conveniently scared of dying and I've only once come close to killing myself, if it wasn't for the lack of money for HOW I wanted to, I'd probably be dead right now.

Probably.
