I think i really fucked my brain upI am an 18 year old male college student. I had a fairly bad concussion in a hockey try out in september 2016. I took some time off from sports (i used to play high level hockey and basketball) for about a month before going back fully. Over the course of the remainder of the seasons i seemed to be really unlucky and received a considerable amount of impacts to the head. I was a stubborn idiot and didnt want to have to miss any more games or deal with doctors or anything so i never reported these impacts or got myself checked out even if they may have caused another concussion. From September 2016 to September 2017 i received 10-15 fairly significant impacts to the head(the original concussion from an open ice blow to the head in hockey, breaking my nose by running into a guys head in basketball, falling head first into the boards in hockey, getting bare hand smacked full force on the top of the helmet by a crazy teammate, many hard accidental elbows and smacks in basketball, twice dunking the ball hard but the ball launched through the cylinder and landed on my head or face). Luckily none of these impacts knocked me out or gave me any really scary symptoms (i never had confusion, bad visual disturbances, amnesia or anything like that) but they would still make me feel crappy. I would also get a lot of body contact that is unavoidable in dangerous contact sports like hockey and basketball. Regardless i would fight through everything since i didnt want to get behind on my school work, miss sports games or miss any social events. I would still go out partying with friends almost every weekend, go to concerts and go crazy jumping up and down, hook up with girls, travel(i went to Hawaii, new york abd recently went to Boston, i live in Montreal), still do fairly well in school amd obviously still play sports or exercised every day. 

I should also mention that i was a really crazy kid always pulling stunts, crashing go karts, getting in fights, hitting my head on things, etc, but never had anything that really seemed to actually effect me for longer then a few hours or so. 

The aftermath of all this is that in September or so of 2017 i developed some very crippling issues. It would be too long for me to get in to everything but basically starting then and until now i have been dealing with some unbelievably difficult psychological, cognitive and physical problems which make my life a living hell 24 hours a day(i cant even get peace in my sleep cause my dreams or so fucked up). I still go to school and have a fairly normal social life but it can be extremely hard sometimes and i think about ending it constantly.

What scares me the most is that im sure ive caused myself some serious brain damage throughout my life and with all the new discoveries on CTE in the nfl, its looking like it's only gonna get worse and ill be a vegetable any day now. That means i have litteraly nothing to live for, i cant do any of the activities i want because of physical symptoms making it too hard to do most things or go out for too long and on top of that im most likely only gonna get worse. It fucking sucks and i dont see the point of going through all that suffering when i could just end it now while im still semi-lucid and cognitively functional to a degree.

The only thing keeping me going is my beautiful girlfriend who i guess loves me for some reason and my mom who would be absolutely devastated if i killed myself. But i dont know what's worse, having her deal with my death now and eventually get over it or have to take care of me for the entirety of her golden years because im not able to feed myself and cant even remember my own name. Im not surs which one would cause her less suffering. My gf talks about marriage and kids but i know the responsable thing wohld be for me to break up with her because i know theres no way i will be able to give her any of those things and if i did stay with her im only gonna end up being a burden within the next few years when the cte really ramps up. 

What do you guys think i should do?