Im dropping out and falling apart.

I (19m) feel so numb about it. I dreamed of going to college for years, worked so hard and earned enough scholarships to move away and get paid to go to school. I just can't do it anymore though, I've been so anxious and sleep deprived all year and it has pushed me to a point where I have considered suicide almost every day. On top of that I would never, ever sign up for more than one online class, and I have hit an unbreakable wall trying to adapt this week.

I've been laid off, my husband has had his hours severely cut, and my mother is a drug addict in another city. I feel terrible now that she is alone with medical conditions, has no job to support herself, and is now quarantined in a crack house because that is where she lives. When I left she stopped paying her mortgage and had her electricity get turned off, and I feel like if I were a better son and had stayed to help her those things wouldn't have happened or I could help to fix them. Now that the dreams I left to pursue are dying, I feel even worse. 

Today I emailed my financial aid office, trying to begin the withdrawal process and see if I will need to pay back any aid as I am leaving the university.  

My grandma died less than 2 years ago. My mother and I cared for her as she died of cancer, and she was in a hospital bed in our home until I held her hand as she died. She wanted me to go to college so badly. She would be so disappointed I couldn't do it. I tried so hard, but I'm so unhappy. This decision has been so hard on me and I feel like such a failure and like I have disrespected her legacy. 

I feel like a human nothing, like I have no purpose or value or direction. I have this neverending heaviness in my chest and my anxiety hasn't come down from this peak all day. I feel like I don't deserve to live or to consume resources, especially since I no longer have a job or plans to continue college. I've let myself down and my grandma, and it physically hurts. 

I have been suicidal for years, but never like this. Never have I felt so hopeless, and lost, and forgettable. Social distancing (never leaving my apt) while my husband still has a job he works so hard in to support us only adds to my feelings of laziness and worthlessness. I just want to escape these feelings, this is my lowest low. I don't know where to go from here.