Today my friend tried to kill herselfBack in early October last year, I noticed a girl in my grade that I've never talked to before was posting many pictures and quotes on her social media that alluded towards feelings of depression and suicide. Concerned, I messaged her asking if she was okay. Eventually, she confessed that she had been dealing with depression and thoughts of suicide for the last three years. When I asked her if she knew what was the cause of her problems, in which she said "a few bullies and personal problems". I decided not to push the issue further but made it clear that I was always available to talk to.
A week later I decided to check up on her again. I found out she got suspended for having a box cutter with her. When I asked her why she had it, she told me that she used the box cutter to self harm, and that she self harms on a daily basis. I went on to talk to her about alternative ways to try and cope and just trying my hardest to get to know her and the things she enjoyed.
I didn't really talk to her again until mid December. School holidays has started here in Australia and we mainly just talked about our plans and etc. She put herself down a lot in her own abilities and would constantly apologise over trivial matters. I reassured her that she wasn't as bad as she said she was, and that she had no need to apologise. We talked some more and she then sent me a picture of some new scars from self harm. She told me that she was trying her hardest to stop, in which I replied that I'm happy that she's doing her best, and that she should try to stay strong. She started talking to me about her parents' divorce, and how she hadn't seen her dad in years. We ended up changing the subject for a while and just talked shit about some teachers.  We then went back to talking about her self harming habits. I told her that it was completely normal to have these thoughts but it wasn't okay to act on them. She wanted me to talk about some of my own issues, so I told her about my anxiety and my confusion over my sexuality. We started talking more about things that help her, and she brought up how she enjoys playing the flute. She also told me how her dad would discourage her from playing the flute, as it would get in the way of her studies. We talked about left handed people and our dogs, it was great. We talked for another few hours and everything seemed to be going well.
The next time she texted me, she said she felt like self harming and needed help. However, I was out at the time and didn't notice the message until it was too late. We talked more, I brought up if the flute was helping in which she seemed she was suprised that I remembered.
We talked again at the new year, in which she said that our conversations were helping her and she felt so much better. From then until now we just talked as normal friends; I'd never bring up anything relating to her metal condition unless she chose to speak about it.
That brings me to today, in which she sent me a message saying she was in the hospital, along with a picture of her room. I asked her why she was there had she told me that she overdosed in hopes to kill herself.
I don't know what to do and I'm so scared. She's only fourteen and I can't bare to see her throw her life away. I don't know if I've approached this wrong and please tell me if I did. I just need help at this point. 