Im a cheater i deserve to dieI cheated on my gf with a guy cause i was too negative and made myself believe she was going to leave. I know it doesnt justify what i did nor am i trying to. We stopped talking for a while and i have been living with her for the past year. I really thought i could make it better since im the one who fucked it up. Shes been the only person who has been kind to me but cus im so fucked up i couldnt see it. This past year hasnt been that bad since most of the time she enjoyed my company and still could be affectionate but she makes it clear that shes not ok even if we have good days. I dont blame her. Im at that the point where i cant see her so hurt by my actions and im really thinking of just ending my life. I already did the worst think imaginable so killing myself doesnt feel that bad. Suicide is something that was always in the back of my mind for as long as i can remember and struggled with. I have tried a few times but then convince myself not to and cant go through with it but this time im ready. Ive tried reaching to the church, tried therapy and meds but nothing wont ever change what i did to her. She didnt deserve at all what i did but i cant undo it. Ive tried telling her how i would never do it again n believed this could be the turning point n be better but i know shes done which she has every right to. I was just so selfish for not being able to tell her and for believing she was bad. I realize only too late that she was just frustrated. When she tells me how i was acting its almost like it wasnt me. Everytime she remembers it just convinces me to just kill myself more and more. I wish i could just let her go but something tells me not to n at times feel it will get better for us n move forward in our relationship. But as of late i see her more hurt and unhappy and its all because of me. I think if i killed myself it would hurt her more but at the same time i feel it will give her peace to never see me again. I mean i already hurt her in the worst way so how much bad can this be? Its been a struggle to do it since i know her parents love me more than my whole family n dont want to make them sad but again i hurt them when i cheated on their daughter so i think they will be fine. Im trying to find reasons not to do it but nothing convinces me to stay. If she were to tell me not to i still think i would. Its just really makes me so sad to see her this way and its all my fault. Ive always been a fuckup and i know she deserves better. Im happy for the 5 years she allowed me to be in her life and can be at peace with knowing it was the best of life n just letting her go so she can finally be happy. I just know this is the best option but just want to plan it better so i dont fuck this up to. My best option is suffocation since i dont need anybody cleaning a bloody mess. Some the post i read have answered some questions i had so all im waiting for is to get my check this week so i can give it to her. She can atleast go on a trip on my behalf so she can enjoy herself. 

Only question i have is how can i make my instructions of how to dispose my body after harvesting my organs legal so she doesnt have to go through the hassel or so my crazy family tries to "be there" all of a sudden and make it about them. 

Is a letter valid enough or should i certify it? 
If anyone knows id appreciate it.

Im glad i found this place so i can express with those who feel what i do and not feel judged