Hanging by a threadI'll keep this as short as possible.
I'm a 32 year old male, I have some friends, I have a great job that I enjoy, in shape, a "nice guy", usually motivated, have interesting hobbies, and own my own house. On paper, it sounds like I have a lot going for me, but I am very lonely. I have been for years. That's not to say I haven't been in relationships, I just haven't been in the right relationship. I don't think I have ever 'been in love' with someone. I have such a hard time meeting new people, and when I do, they're all in relationships or married or whatever. It's getting tougher as I'm getting older. The friends I do have, tell me that I'm a "catch", and I'll eventually find the right person. 
I have been eventually waiting for 15 years (my dating life). I would give up everything I have, to find someone I truly care about and love.
I thought I finally found that person this summer. As friends, we have shared many amazing experiences together. Epic hikes, tubing down a river, went skydiving together for our first time, and very recently, a week trip to Iceland (we even had sex). She is the only person in my life that I felt this way about, so I asked her out, and she said no. We no longer talk... I'm obviously very upset about this, but the suicidal thoughts have been going much longer.
Back in October, I have had my first serious thoughts on suicide. I keep a daily(ish) journal to track my progress up and down. Even before the thing happened with my friend, every day has been a chore.
I'm so tired of being alone and can't imagine living the rest of my life like this. I have tried very hard to meet people, online dating, social sport leagues, parties, hobby groups, whatever, with no luck. I know I'm not an attractive looking guy, and I have very little self esteem or confidence so it makes it hard to approach people.
Between all of that, and my family basically abandoning me because I don't have kids yet, I'm hanging by a thread. I don't have an actual time/date when I'll die, but if things don't get better within the next few months, I probably will. Thanks for reading.