Honestly don't know how to cope with life anymore.I honestly never thought I'd be typing on this subreddit. The fact that I am, makes me feel even worse. I feel guilty because part of me loathes self-pity, but I am scared that one of these days, I might actually do something really dumb. That's why I'm here. This is my first post on this site. I literally made an account so I could talk to someone. 

To give a little bit of a backstory, because I didn't just wake up like this, will probably be helpful. 

I have a history with depression and anxiety. I have a history with abuse. Self-abuse/ self harm, abuse from others I've been romantically involved with, and sexual abuse from my childhood. 

Now on paper, or online, that all seems really dark, and it is, but it doesn't encompass who I am, and looking at me, you'd never be able to tell. I'm an above average attractive 24 year old woman. I have very strong metaphysical beliefs and I honestly believe in the good of mankind. I'm intelligent, I've had to fight to get where I am mentally and emotionally, to come off as really stable. I moved states a year ago to start over and moved to an amazing major city with $400 in my pocket and I made a life for myself here. I finally started living a life that I thought I deserved. A month ago, a girl I've been friends with said to me "I honestly don't how you're so stable!" and inside I chuckled to myself because she, like everyone else, only sees the surface. 

I'm what you'd call a "functioning depressive". To put things in perspective, if any of you have ever taken a meyers-briggs personality test, I'm an ENFP. Robin Williams was an ENFP. My number one goal is for people to not see me suffer because I never want to make anyone sad. I hate asking for help. I hate telling people I'm sad to guilt them into wanting to be around me. I know it's very self-destructive. 

I'm a very self-aware person. I was in counseling and also saw a psychiatrist about a year ago because I barely felt like I could keep my head above water. I was diagnosed with bipolar type 2 disorder with depression an a general anxiety disorder. I scored very high on a dissociation test - I would be in the middle of work and kind of black out and forget what I was doing two minutes later. I've almost gotten in car accidents because of that as well. It makes me seem very space-y and ditzy at times, when really I just go somewhere in my head without my permission because it's how I learned to cope with trauma as a child. My best friend tried to kill herself last December as well. She's my roommate, and I found her in the bathtub full of blood, and had to drive her to the hospital after it had snowed 6 inches the night before. December of '16 was my bottom. So, I started medication. To be honest, it really fucking helped. It got me out of my head enough to focus on my job. I got back together with someone who I was very fond of that initially ended because of my instability, and things were going great. I felt like November / December 2016 was my "bottom" - and I fought my way out and got to a stable place. 

Then May '17 happened. I started to wean back on my medication because I didn't feel like myself anymore. I was still in counseling trying to cope with what happened to me in my childhood, and deal with that, but I didn't feel any emotions. I couldn't cry anymore. I would be in a room full of people, having an amazing time, and pretending I felt something. So I started to correctly wean off of my meds. I had been on them for less than a year, and I read how to properly decrease my dose to avoid harsh side-effects. 

About a month after I completely quit, I felt back to "me" - without the up's and down's. I could paint again (I paint quite frequently, and the medication made me not want to do that anymore), I could cry, and most importantly I could feel things. 

But it got worse. I couldn't control my emotions anymore in a responsible way. I would lash out at the people I cared about. About what? I mean, 50% of it may have been legitimate things. Part of subconsiously hating yourself is attracting not so loving people into your life OR people who are just as good at suppressing emotions as you are. 50% of it was also me lashing out because everything the medication suppressed was and is now at the surface. 

So I ruined a relationship with that guy. He won't speak to me anymore, which is fine, I don't think we were meant to be romantically anyways - but I apologized to him a month and a half later for the bad fall out we had and he never said anything. I felt really stupid for that and internalized it as something very idiotic that I did. 

I have always tried to escape these issues through relationships. I have attachment issues. My love language is "quality time", so I tend to kind of monopolize a new person or a person I'm romantically involved with, with wanting to spend time with them, like all the time. Part of this is just how I bond, part of this is also escaping myself. 

I have recently been involved with a person now for a couple months. I don't know if he emphathetically understands these issues. Not that it's his responsibility to fully grasp them, but in this situation, I've tried to be very self-aware so I don't do those things (like lash out, etc). This person has been of great support to me. He has helped pull me out of neutral. I have started to find purpose in myself again, and a reason for being here. Today, I lashed out at him for something very trivial. We are not officially dating because we're millenials and it's only been a couple months, but I love his family, they love me, I love his dog, we spend a majority of our free time together, and I find that we really compliment each other in so many ways. I truly adore him. 

Of course there is a catch. When I met this person - he told me that he might be going to Europe for an extended period of time in the fall. So that's part of the reason we *TRIED* to keep it casual, but it just ended up getting more serious, and eventually his "me" statements became "we" statements. I sometimes feel with this person I am on a rollercoaster. Once we started to get more serious, he kind of pulled back to make sure he was making all the right decisions regarding his emotions and my emotions. I respected that, but with all of my relationship insecurities, I saw it as a big red flag that he's just going to dip out come time. He's reassured me that he could never rid me of his life... but maybe that isn't good enough. 

I'm looking for something to give me purpose so I don't kill myself one day. I'm looking for it in the wrong places, and the wrong people, and I'm aware of that... but old habits die really hard. It's like watching a character on a movie screen make all of these mistakes, and from the theater you're yelling "stop doing that!" but they just keep doing it. Over and over again. 

Part of me thinks I should cut things off to save him from me. To save myself the inevitable heart break I will no doubt feel when he decides to leave for Europe without me. Part of me knows I lash out because yeah, I am insecure as f*** about where the relationship is going, but also because I have deep seated emotional fears. 

I fear that I will be forgotten. I fear that I will drive everyone away from me. I fear that even when there is a light at the end of the tunnel, my destructive patterns will not let me see it, because the dark and malicious part of my personality wants me to feel absolute misery. It has convinced me that is a safe and inevitable state of mind. Believe me when I say, if you met me, you'd think I was the queen of positivity. I want everyone to experience love and to feel loved. For some reason I won't allow that for myself and it kills me. 

Suicide at this point, albeit fucking terrifying for so many reasons, seems less and less terrifying each and every day. The first time the thought crossed my mind, I was freaked out. Now, it's where my mind jumps to. The peace that I would feel, even for a millisecond, of not having to upset anyone anymore. 

I have a very loving and supportive family, but they don't know any of this. My best friend is doing great now from her dark time back in December, and I feel like if I bring anything up it's going to remind her of that and send her into a relapse. I bottle all of this up. I even asked the guy that I'm seeing to see him because I felt scared to be alone because of my thoughts... but he said that he thinks it's best if we both have space tonight because of how I lashed out at him earlier. 

So now I'm embarrassed. I feel guilty for even bringing that up to him. I feel like he doesn't care. Does anyone? I guess what I'm looking for is for a reason not to do it, eventually. I'm open to... anything really. I wouldn't be here posting this if I didn't feel so low. Maybe someone can also direct me to a sub-reddit with supportive females or supportive people with experience with childhood sexual abuse trauma. 

I internalize everything. Everything ends up being my fault, even when it isn't, and it's a vicious cycle. I'm just hoping that before I choose to like, literally end my life, I keep going on the off chance that something good will happen. How I'm not seeing that, I don't get it. But, I just don't at the moment. 