Do I Deserve DepressionSo I'm 18 and still in high school but as my final year comes to a close, I find myself contemplating suicide more and more. I have been contemplating it since 9th grade (for reasons I will discuss later in this passage) and I have had this tremendous pain in my chest throughout my four years of high school because of it. 

However everytime I think about killing myself I fall back onto the question of whether or not I deserve depression. 
For instance I have a roof over my head, I am able to eat three meals a day (although eating has been hard lately) and I'm relatively healthy. But even so I think to myself how shitty of a life I think I have and how bleak my future looks. So here are a couple of reasons of why I want to commit suicide: 
1. My GPA is one of the lowest in my class. Every college I've looked at doesn't accept students who's GPA is as low as mine. 2.8 and above is all I see. I blew my chance on a college education for music which was the biggest blunder of all my life decisions.
2. I'm an asshole, so much so that I've driven numerous people out of my life. It's not even like I try to be one it's just gotten to the point where I just do it subconsciously.
3. My family thinks I'm some sort of violent sociopath. Because my younger brother and I fight sometimes my parents talk about me behind my back saying how much of a violent person I've become (even though I haven't even been in a school fight or have had any violent incidents outside of my home which in response they say that it's called domestic abuse for a reason) and that they are afraid that I'm going to beat my spouse in the future.
4. I have never had a girlfriend or been to a social event. In fact not only have I not been invited to anything I also haven't even touched a girl (As weird as that is for me to say). Plus I'm incredibly socially awkward which doesn't help my case.
5. I'm unnatractive. I might see myself as being unattractive just because I've never had anyone show any interest in me but I still see myself as being ugly regardless. Plus I'm weaker then half the freshmen in my school so that's fucking great.
6.  I might be losing my sanity. I've started to hear loud quick 5 second crowds (as if I was in NYC), seeing figures out of the corner of my eye (like more than I used to and they are becoming more frequent), hearing my name be yelled out, being afraid to look in the mirror, having violent thoughts and laughing whilst having them, and being paranoid; to the point were I think everyone is watching me, judging me, and (as crazy as this sounds) that people are reading my mind. 

No matter how much I think I deserve depression I know people who have lives that are worse than mine (from what I've heard anyway), which then makes me feel like I don't deserve my emotions. Can't be happy because I don't deserve anything, can't be sad because I don't have it as bad as some and I might not be losing my mind.
I know this post is long and I'm sorry if I wasted your time but do I deserve to be depressed? Is suicide a viable option? Is any of what I'm going through normal? I know I didn't write this great but anything helps thanks!
