Hey allI'm back. I didn't go trough with it again. But I set up tomorrow for it. I don't really know why people are writing notes to others. I mean isn't it obvious that you feel bad if you already killed yourself? All I have to say is I love you to the girl I love. I will also send an email to my mom. Sadly I can't call her before. It's weird how killing yourself effects others. I mean I think if they really cared they would at least notice how bad have you've been lately no? I do know that I can hide it very well. But I've been leaving small hints everywhere. Everyone can see them. I've shown off all the places I cut before. But no one noticed. I even tweeted what a final night and no one understood it. I left just black pictures on Facebook. I contacted all the people I used to care about. But how many will remember me after a day? After a week? And after a couple months my parents should be over it. I was an accident. I once was in a fight with my mom and she just slammed that on my face. I love her and I know she never means harm to me and she always loves me. But I don't see the point in living. I moved away from my home country by myself so I could work travel and find myself. But in reality I was just running away from the fact that I'm not meant to be here.

I wish I could be a cloud. Flying above everyone just casting my shadow on them. Some enjoy the little cool breeze that comes with it. Some might want to sunbath and curse at me but I can just roll over. 

I can't think like other people. Well ofcourse I have this feeling of wanting to leave this place but that is just a feeling. I have a weird way to make sentences. I'm bilingual and so I make sentences that make sense but it just isn't normal. I also have the feeling of that I'm not in my body. I have quite a few memories but I can't remember them as seeing from my point of view but I remember them as if I was in a third person game. Following the main character (me) around.

There are nights when I feel like my body is out of proportion. My hands are too big. My hands are too small same with my legs body or head. 

I had a panic attack a little over a week ago. This was the first time in my life. I'm really scared of it now. That night started with just feeling lonely. But then I felt like I could not talk to anyone. I tried calling the girl I love but she was asleep. She woke up but then remembered she had homework and couldn't talk to me. I panicked even more. First I went numb. Then all of my muscles tensed up. I was by myself. I'm always by myself.

This girl I love lives 2000 miles away. I've never seen her in real life. We discussed that we'll meet this summer but it seems like she won't be able to. I can't stand it. I just rely on her too much. I will suffocate her if I continue down this path. I know it will hurt her when she hears about it but I know she is very strong and she will have an amazing life once she forgets me. 

It's not hard for people to forget me. I've never had a friend for more then a month year. And the people I used to be close to now are just distant memories. My only redeeming quality was that I thought I was nice. But it turned out I'm cynical according to the person I love. So there is nothing good about me.

I'm 20 years old. I've had a girlfriend for 2 weeks. I don't even think she was my girlfriend. I don't really mind that fact. It's more like a proof of people won't like me. I used to go out a lot. To tell you guys the truth I love people. I love to meet people. But people don't love me. I'm not a person compatible with others. 

If you have read this far you are the best! Thank you for being here and looking out for people like me. Yiu guys are doing great work for everyone who has no other place to turn to. I think people like you give a chance for the future of humanity. Doing something out of passion just because you feel it's the right thing. I admire you. And I have to say. I envy all of you a lot. I wish I could be someone like that. But my life shall end tomorrow.

I hope if there is afterlife I can be a cloud. I can roam the world and never worry about anything. Thank you for reading this book length letter. 