Have never being able to understand what I feel. Lived in a fantasy world, feels like I have no story because I always choose to reset.Has anyone had experience with this sort of thing? I can not even feel sad or worried, its like I cant separate things in my mind, my feelings mainly, so I mix up everything. 

Have made really bad decisions because I lve in a fantasy world where I dont think of the consequences of my actions, and make the same mistakes over and over and over. And when I feel bad or worried, it is this exaggerated and paranoic thing which isnt really a feeling, this realization is actually devastating. 

Looking back at my life and thinking what I could have done to avoid mistakes, I dont know what I could have dond differently, because I didnt even know what I was feeling, was only looking to fulfill my fantasy. I have never lived in the real world, and that has brought me so much pain. The realization that to avoid pain and future mistakes was to actually feel that pain and bad stuff inside me, could have never come to me without fucking up. I dont know if Im autisitic or Alexithymia or what the fuck has been wrong me. I have abused drugs and alcohol and that probably fucked me up definitely, but I was like this since I can remember, the world a mixture of everything, couldnt identify any feelings and just went looking for short term excitement. I never was able to relate to other people feelings of course, thought of other people as means to achieve the goals of my fantasy world, which I dont even know what they are. Have made people who care for me suffer, a lot. 

Has anyone experienced this? has anyone come out of this shit? I have tried plenty medication, none has worked, I have been reluctant on every level of my being to let go of this fantasy world.

I came across these drops made out of plants, phytotherapy I think is called, is the only think that made me realize, shit, I havent been a human all these years, no wonder Im in so much shit. But they arent working anymore, plus Im in so much shit, cant live with the idea of the people Ive hurt, not even for me, cause I dont give a shit about me(first problem in the first place). Im just incapable of being a human and get down to earth. Ive always wanted to defy everything, but I couldnt choose to stop, its stronger than me. 

Has someone got out if this hell? Does someone always press the reset buttom every day also?
(have read there some therapy where they use a machine to make you be in touch with your feelings ( http://hereandnow.wbur.org/2016/03/22/switched-on-after-aspergers ,read that if youre interested), forgot the name. Also acceptance and commitment therapy sounds like what have always needed, how was I supposed to know?) 

