Would you want to live if you were meSo I have C-PTSD, I experience the visceral and vivid replay of all my assaults, sexual and nonsexual, over and over again in new and inventive combinations that I'm not ever certain happened that way. Sometimes they match up with memories, many don't.

Right now I feel a mouth slurping away at my nipple, I feel my fear and nausea and my body responding how it was trained to by years of violation, pain, and threats of death and worse. How the tugging and now biting causes my vaginal canal (I still struggle to keep from calling it pussy or cunt or mine -because I don't want it) to clench and move... How the nausea rises, and how utterly helpless I am to stop any of it from happening.

It makes me remember what nameless felt like. How I was screaming and no one came to help me in a crowded apartment complex. How they liked to replay that little scene whenever I showed any signs of life, any resistance. They had recorded their rape of me and I was so far gone I just gave up. A year passed as a thing. I was a thing with a use. They had a goal for me, I found out later.

They heaped praise on me, showed me off, kept me more to themselves, not that I cared but it kept me from more painful exploits than the ones they already used me for. They had others for that. 

Runways like "Pandora".

That should have woken me up. It didn't.

The part that galls me is that I didn't even notice or care what was happening. I didn't accept what the reality was until years later I read an article about sex trafficking in america. I didn't accept the rape or the ones after until I learned that arousal can be triggered by fear.

They had used my slickened self as proof of what I was, that I wanted what they were doing to me. My stoicness and silence mostly pleased them but they would go to great lengths at times to provoke a reaction. 

I could be screaming in agony and they'd say "I know you love this, you're my little whore, don't pretend you don't love this. You're dripping like the bad little girl we knew you were when you first came to us. You need this, this is what you're good for. "

The part of me that believes them cannot seem to be moved by the fact that everything they did to me hurt. There was rarely pleasure, and when there was it was either co-mingled with often high levels of pain or was intended to demonstate their control over me. 

I had uti's all the time, I bled from microtears that didn't heal until I was on my period and they left me alone. I was often covered in old and new bruises under what little clothing they allowed me to wear, and that was only outside, inside it was nothing or worse than nothing. Negligees, lingerie made for easy access, that or nothing is what I was allowed. 

I clung to the semblance of clothing at first. Later, I grew to hate it and didn't bother. People wore clothes. I wasn't a person, and whenever they made me act like one, I resented it.

Until I was in a romantic relationship later, I didn't understand that sex didn't have to hurt. That they shouldn't be happy when you're in pain. I was told sex would hurt when I was younger, by then I had already been molested as a child.

There are things that make me wonder if there isn't more. I seemed to show a lot of the classic signs of a sexually -as well as physically and emotionally- abused child.

If there is I cannot remember.

I do know I'm missing time. Court documents citing periods that I have no recollection of, injuries and broken bones that I have no idea when or how they happened... And that too I'm unsure I know the extent of.

I'm exhausted, and on edge all the time. I have incessant night terrors, and I recall having no dreams. I frequently find myself spaced out,  unable to concentrate, and am honestly unmotivated -outside my children and few others-to live.

I lose time rarely, but it still happens for a few hours a year at times.

Theres so much more.

There's more and I cannot deal, I called every hotline, attempted five damn times to get better therapists. I'm trying.

I'm still here, but god help me every fibre y being wants to be asleep forever.