Forever AloneTraditionally I have always considered suicide as not an option, but I am finding myself thinking and planning constantly. I have been through some psychiatric  treatment when I was kid. I am basically the flesh version of the forever alone meme. My mother stopped taking birth control pills because she thought it would be cool to have a kid. Obviously my Dad has never been on board. My mom got tired of dealing with me at the age of 11 and threw me out. Currently I have little contact with either. My mother won't give me her phone number or address. 

I've never really cared too much about my parents though. Recently it has hurt that no one appears to care about me. I suppose the feeling that no one loves me and no one cares about me really does drill a hole into my soul. I currently live with my Dad's parents. So they do care, but I am older now and they want me to hurry up with my life and get going...out of their house. I have moved a few times, but always met failure. Car accident losing of jobs. I just can't seem to stay living on my own unless it is being homeless.

I've never had a girlfriend and this isn't because of the lack of trying. I certainly know why I don't have a girlfriend and I suppose my own stubbornness will lead to my eventual suicide. I am over weight and I feel like if a girl won't love me for who I am now then she isn't wroth the effort. I've has instances where I've gone to the gym and I am glad I went, but weight loss wasn't the reason to be there. I know exercise makes you happy and I'll be honest if I didn't go the gym then I wouldn't be here now. 

I feel like there is some biological urge to find a mate and have kids. My parents were obviously terrible and I would love to have kids eventually. When I have a job that pays well preferably. I just want love. I am so dam lonely. I would trade almost anything to have some one who loved me. Some one I could cuddle with and watch a movie. I feel like there has to be a certain time where I have to pull the plug and stop kidding myself. I can't be a bum forever. I can't just hope one day the love of my life will walk into my house and say hi. I can't live with this pain for much longer. 

I do have some life goals I want to do before I consider ending my life, but there is a time that I have promised myself to end the charade. Is it so selfish to want to be loved? 


TLDR: Forever alone fat guy with no friends feels like that at a certain point there is no reason to kid myself and continue this existence of constant loneliness.