I'm really not sure what I'm going to do.I'm 23 years old. I've had issues with self harm since I was 11, depression since 14, anxiety since 15. I've long been called paranoid, but started noticing serious paranoia in the last six months or so. I've been in a bad mental state since about November.

It doesn't help that I've just graduated, thus losing a job and moving away from most of my friends and my ex. It doesn't help that I'm living with my parents and have been unable to house or feed myself, much less find a job or a place of my own. It doesn't help that my ex and I broke up about a week and a half ago. But none of these are the reason I'm depressed or suicidal.

I've never seriously attempted suicide, but feeling suicidal is unfortunately very familiar to me. I have done reckless things that had the potential to kill me several times, knowing I could die and not caring whether I did or not. (It is mostly luck that I am still here.) I know that I'm not just going to get better from this and go on to live a normal, healthy, happy life. I know that it's possible -- probable, even -- that I will commit suicide. I don't believe I will live to see 25. 

I'm not ready to die, I don't really want to die. I'm too sad and too scared to go into nothingness alone. It would hurt my family too much if I died. But I feel like suicide is something I should do, whether I want to or not. I feel like it is inevitable. 

I want to get better, be happy, succeed at something. Or I want to want to. But I don't believe it's possible.

I saw a psychologist today, and felt marginally better. I have appointments with her on Monday and Thursday, and an appointment with a psychiatrist on Friday. 

I have no intention of acting any time soon, and it would take more effort to prepare things than I currently have anyway. I really don't want to die. But I also know that I have had at least one plan and the means to carry it out for years now. I know that I have had pretty much the same suicide note planned out for years, and used to carry it in my wallet. I know I meet an awful lot of the warning signs.

Sometimes, the thought of death comforts me. Mostly it scares me. I go back and forth on whether I really want to die, even though I know I don't have the guts to do it. Sometimes I can distract myself for a while and even laugh, or make abstract plans about the future (e.g. wanting to grow my hair long, or learn vegetarian cooking). That seems really weird to me, and it's distressing sometimes that I can go back and forth between happiness/hope (even if they're false) and despair so quickly and frequently. But I can't really ever forget or deny that I am seriously ill and have been for a long time, and that I probably always will be.

I don't even know what I'm trying to achieve by writing this. I guess I just want to talk. It seems like I'm all over the place this last month or so, and often forgetful.