my best friend is into coke and i hate myself for thishey, im 20yo and just wanted to write in hope i find a solution by myself or stop thinking about it. (sry for my bad english tho)

i usually struggle with social anxiety and burnouts, maybe depression but i never went to a doctor to get a real diagnosis . i dont hate myself but i see no value in me, i draw but recently my art became shitty and messy, i had multiple projects but ended up destroyed. i often have panic attacks before sleeping, cry and then fall asleep of tiredness.

Recently, i lost one of my sketchbook which is like a part of my soul, there were a lot of memories and dear drawings in it. Another of my sketchbooks is at my best and only friend's house but since i had problems with his ex, she teared it up when she found it in his room and my friend is scared to bring it back to me due to the trauma she caused (because of her, i dont trust girls anymore or even people that seem nice at first, i always feel like they'll drop their mask and destroy me like she did). So now i kinda feel really vulnerable 'cause i thought i can forget about her after 2 years trying to forget what she did to me and my friend and maybe forgive her 'cause its useless to keep anger inside me but no. Now im writing 'cause just found out that my friend is into cocaine, and i think its not only occasionally, he used to smoke a lot of weed and now he found out coke can make u feel awake and alive. Im really worried that he gets deep into it 'cause it's not only coke but he also takes ecstasy and speed in parties. I feel shitty 'cause i thought i was bringing him a bit of support and love but guess not (i'll try to talk about it next time i see him, it's not easy since he lives in another city and rarely respond to my messages 'cause he's often busy or with people)

These last two years i cut bonds with barely all the people i know except my best friend and family and i dont feel like making new friends will bring me something good. I thought about going to a therapist, I went to three different psychologists but everytime i give too much informations about myself, i just stop seeing them, i do the same thing with people, it's pretty annoying 'cause i feel like a bad person lol. I'm just really worried about my friend who finally has his own appartement, his job and dreams, I think he suffers from depression but he's the kind of person to forget about himself, he hates taking care of himself or seeing he needs something or that people are worried about him, he thinks he doesnt matter and thats a waste of time to worry about him. For him, it's always people before himself.

But anyway, i just wanted to post that somewhere where people dont know me and thanks for taking the time to read me, yes i need therapy but its hard