Never thought about suicide until a few months ago.To keep it brief, my ex girlfriend got a DUI and had a mental breakdown in which she threatened to tell my mother about something very personal, which could get me disowned. So I confided in my sister and she helped me completely break it off with her. My ex begged me not to leave but I stuck to my guns. Thing is, I felt like shit and after a week I went to talk to her again, but she had already gone back to her ex from before me. They were dating again within a week of our breakup. And to add insult to injury, she won't talk to me at all now.

Since then I've felt like complete and utter shit. I'll have some good days but the bad far outnumber them. Suicidal thoughts weren't too common at first but they've been getting more frequent, especially this week. I have total emotional breakdowns at times and am not motivated to do anything. Where I have historically gotten good grades and generally had a direction in life, now I've been neglecting my schoolwork and have no drive. I just want to die. Sometimes the only thing keeping me from going through with it is the knowledge that my family would be utterly devastated. I've seen what a premature death can do to a family and it's not pretty. It's the last thing I'd want to put them through but it's so tempting sometimes.

What multiplies the pain is knowing that my life is generally pretty good. I hate myself for overreacting to something so trivial as a breakup. It feels like I'm constantly at war with myself, with one part of me telling me to wake the hell up and see the bigger picture, while the other part of me tells me it's hopeless and I'll never be happy again. I'm so frustrated with this internal struggle. I haven't been truly happy in 3 months. My dad told me I'd be over her by now but I'm not. I've been seeing a counselor, but I don't want to talk to my family about it because they're tired of hearing it.

I just don't know what to do anymore. I am truly terrified of these thoughts I'm having, and even more scared that they actually bring me comfort. Never before in my life had I even understood what could make a person want to do it. Now here I am. I don't know who I am anymore...