That's a ball of suck.Here goes, random internet strangers:

I'm 23. I'm told this is young, and I guess I don't really deny that, but I haven't been happy since I was 21. Ultimately, I have a lot to be thankful for, but I've dealt with this long enough that I'm pretty sure rationality isn't such a big part of it.

So I moved to Wisconsin (fucking WISCONSIN of all places) about 9 months ago now. First job out of college, all that. Leaving my family around 1000 miles behind, but that's life. I'd already been depressed at this point for over a year and was on meds. Meds suck and I don't like them, but I'd been on the meds because I pretty much spiraled out of control very quickly after 'the' girl left. I'd been with her for something like 4 years. 4 years, but I wasn't good enough, so she left me for someone else and my life had managed to shit away 4 years pretty quickly. 2 years later and nothing's better... which isn't helped by leaving everything I knew behind for a job,  I guess, and we're at 6/23 fucked away.

I'm currently tapering off the meds. This is something my doctor told me not to do, but I'm willing to bet Wisconsin has some sort of Baker Law clone because I got threatened with imprisonment once already. Anyway, I didn't want to take the meds because I quit drinking about a month ago. I'm also an alcoholic, of course, so trying to go clean is hard enough without withdrawal, which is physical pain, and the return of honest-to-goodness despair, which is kind of like seeing an old enemy come back at this point. I thought I could handle it. I couldn't.

So I called that "TALK" phone line another redditor had posted on here. Whoever picked up was the biggest dick this side of Ron Jeremy. I'm not saying I wanted some sympathetic female to pick up the phone... well fuck it, I did, that makes me comfortable I guess, but I didn't really know what the fuck this guy wanted me to say and it's sort of an awkward experience. Kudos to him for hanging up 40 seconds in though. I'm actually considering killing myself as much out of spite as depression.

I'm rambling my ass off.

So I signed a lease to be here for another year  because I was still nominally medicated at the time, and didn't realize I hated my roommate, my apartment, my life, and most things beside my cat. So there's another year and we're tallying them up quickly... 7/24 at that point. Of course, when I go back I'm sure I'll need to go back to school to get another job this good so we're hitting damn near 10 years pissed away.

I don't know what the fuck I'm asking for. I guess I want to wake up happy. 2 years later and it gets better my ass. Nothing is better. I still miss her so fucking bad that I'm about to cry. Suicide doesn't seem like a viable option here, but someone fucking wanting me around wouldn't be a bad start. Naturally, I do have a girlfriend and feel absolutely nothing for her, because 'emotions' were so 2 years ago for me and I haven't really felt a positive one since. I know I'll never take meds again, but ironically this is sort of coming with the amendment that I don't think I'll ever be happy again. I'd like to thank God for giving me enough to look like I have it together and for actually giving me a shit for a life. Fuck this. If I died I wouldn't be particularly upset about it, which is sort of an improvement I guess.