to all the horrible parents that 'didn't do anything to hurt anyone'"What did I ever do wrong?" 

"Why are you always blaming me when you're making yourself be suicidal?!"

I really fucking can't anymore. life has just become a living hell for me. I can't even fucking do basic human stuff, like eating, working or even sitting down ffs. It was the same fucking bullshit that happened last year, hell I should've gone through with my plan last year. I'm such a fucking coward. My parents were the things that messed up my brain from the minute, no the fucking second I was born. They were never supposed to be married. They used to fight every single fucking day, screaming at each other and sometimes it even got physical. it was like that from day fucking one until 2 years ago. Hell, they messed up my brain so fucking much, I used to think that shit was normal. My mother used to cry to me and my sister saying she never wanted to marry a guy like my dad. She even threatened to leave the fucking house, she used to "pack her bags" and shit and almost went out the door a couple of times. Can't really blame her though. My 'dad' is a fucking sociopath. He's never felt any affection towards the family, not once. He's always been the coldest rock hard person I've ever met.  School wasn't fucking helping either. To this day I still don't fucking know how a fucking 2nd grader knew how to bully people and hard. I always got bullied, if it wasn't one year it was most fucking definitely gonna be the next. The bullshit at home made me sort of immune to it, but the stuff that they said always hit me harder, probably because they weren't related to me. Time passed somehow. Last year was when it really got fucking horrible. I still don't know what happened. My dad and mom both just turned on me, and I still don't fucking know why. They used to give me punishments for nothing at all, (fr, they would just come at me, who would be sitting doing nothing at all, and tell me that i'm not allowing to do something). They started telling me I was fat, and ugly and stupid and that I didn't deserve anything that they were providing me. I know it's true, I don't want anything of theirs, but i'm such a fucking coward to actually go through. And to top the shitty mess of a sundae of my life, I'm getting symptoms of an eating disorder. I'm stopping myself from eating, and I just feel disgusting around food. I don't deserve it. I honestly feel happy when I don't eat much, like I'm finally listening to what I want. Seriously, I feel like some people aren't just meant to live in this world for long, and im one of them. I'm not able to be nice to anyone anymore. I just want to stay inside all day. It takes so much fucking effort to just find a reason to wake up to face the same shit, every single day. I feel so fucking stuck in the same toxic household because of this fucking quarantine. I don't know for how long I'm gonna have to wait until I'm not a fucking coward anymore. 

&amp;#x200B;

I had to make a separate acct for this. My friends discovered my original acct and I can't use that for shit now, without having them judge me for everything that I do.