My Story, A Hopeful Story (It is long just so you know)First off I would like to say that most people on this sub reddit are going through so much more than I ever did. I would just like to shed some light on how I had an awful mindset on life but I found a way to turn it around and right now I feel I am on the way to recovery.

I guess I should give you my background with depression. I have always been a very skinny and weak boy. I am currently 17 6 foot and 121 pounds to put it in perspective. I was bullied throughout middle school because of it and I feel officially became depressed in 8th grade when I first said something to my parents. They did the usual thing to do and they ignored it as did I with my own depression, I buried it deep and hoped it never came out.

It did. Last Summer shortly after turning 17 I had my first girlfriend ever. We were instantly best friends and did everything together. We quickly fell in love and everything was good. But there was a dark side to her. She would yell at me when she was sad and when she was mad she would make personal attacks. We fought often but never in person when we were together everything was okay. She also was consumed by her own depression, cutting, bulemia, and suicidal thoughts. She had been through a lot, her sadness was fully justified but it was a lot to deal with. I stayed up many hours for her, my grades dropped because of it and homework became one less of a priority. Her depression started to bring out my depression. I became more cynical about life but continued to stay in love with my girlfriend. I was always there for her but I suppose I was never there for me. 

We continued on like this for a few months but like all teen couples, something went horribly wrong. I am a sexually active pro life male. My girlfriend was a sexually active female. One night the condom malfunctioned we will say and one month later we learned that we were parents. At first we were scared but then we saw it as a new chapter in our lives where we may get ourselves out of our depression's. When my girlfriend was three months pregnant however, she had a miscarriage. All my friends say its no big deal our baby was never alive, but she was at three months she had a heartbeat and we had known about her for two months (I say her because we both had a hunch it was a girl, never confirmed). When my girlfriend had her miscarriage it devasted her, it destroyed her. I think in the week that followed everything went to hell. The day after she lost our child she cheated on me because she did not know what to do (I learned 3 months after I will explain later) she attempted suicide around 3 times a day, and cut herself all over and even stabbed herself in the intestines. I did not sleep all I could do was worry and cry every second of the day. One day in school she wrote me a note saying she was going to kill herself. I wrote her a note every period urging her to see the brighter side of life when even i couldn't see it. Every minute felt like a hour, class was unbearable that day. Fortunately she survived not for lack of trying and our relationship went on. 

Three months went by and with that I had two therapists and everyone worried about me. Then my girlfriend's uncle killed himself. Her uncle's death made her so cold. I became her punching bag and I knew it. But I loved her so much I did not care. Once again I was taking care of her but not myself. Then 6 days after I was asking her if she had smoked pot again because I hated her when she was high and she said yes. I asked her what else she was hiding and she told me she cheated on me the day after our daughter passed with my best friend. I was so angry I threw my phone against the wall and shattered half of it. I am NOT a violent person. I had had my suspicions about the two of them for a long time and I feel like I had always known but to be flat out told destroyed me. I was very mature about I tried to forgive her and told her to forgive herself. That was part of the reasoning behind her trying to kill herself. She could not live with what she did. After that day nothing was the same. Her parent's soon found out we were having sex and I was banned from seeing her, blocked on Facebook, blocked on Twitter, and my phone number was blocked. I had sacrificed all my friends to make our relationship work. Now I was alone. 

Nothing in our relationship really worked after that. We both still loved each other but we knew it could not work. My parents hated her and her parents hated me. We were holding on to a dying connection and I felt so alone. I will never forget the first day I cut. I had given my girlfriend my password so we could message my own account on facebook so we could actually communicate like human beings. But we were fighting. I felt like I had nowhere else to turn, I took a steak knife and slit my thighs. 

Our relationship soon ended. I will never forget this night either. We never had time with each other so staying together was impossible. There were too many fights too many scars too much anger at each other. We broke up and 15 minutes later she started dating her guy best friend. The one she had promised she wouldn't ever date because she had sex with her last guy best friend. My best friend, while we were dating. 

I felt so betrayed. I wanted to kill myself I could not handle it, the pain was intolerable. To know that I was all alone in the world now while she was holding his hand and smiling, destroyed my very soul. I cut all over and punched my self in the jaw until I almost broke it. People asked me where the bruises were from afterward and I simply shrugged it off. I proceeded to try and get her back. In some ways I did. She cheated on her boyfriend with me and it was obvious part of her still wanted me. The thing was is that we would just never work and I failed to see that. 

I was fighting an uphill battle and that destroyed my mental state. Every night I got on skype with my ex and just seeing her face and seeing how it would take her so long to answer my messages because she was with her boyfriend destroyed me, but I was addicted to it. I started to think about suicide. She started to actually look at me when I started to take pills. So it encouraged me. One day I actually was going to go through with it. I fortunately did not take enough pills and I simply was tripping talking to my ex girlfriend waiting for myself to pass out and die. She was waiting for the same thing. She called my friends and they all rushed over to my house and broke in and told my parents what was happening. Watching my mother cry like that really put everything in perspective. After that I did not try it again. 

I continued to cut but slowly I got better, then I went on the most amazing vacation of my life. It wasn't the location or the girls or the anything I saw. It was the way I reflected on my life and realized that I had amazing friends whos friendships I could easily repair. I came back a new man. I started listening to more upbeat music and lifted my GPA 15 points. I went out with my friends again and started living the HighSchool Senior lifestyle I knew I could have. I flirted with other girls and finally got over my ex. I am actually going to my senior ball (I have never been one for dances, mostly because I am insecure). I think all in all it was just the outlook I had in life that determined everything. I could finally hold a smile and not be lying. I did exciting things and finally stopped cutting. I am currently 3 weeks sober from cutting. I hope that everyone who is struggling with thoughts of suicide just knows that there is a brighter side of life. For most of you there are tons of people that care about and love you. For some there are tons of people who's lives you will make a difference in. There are stories of fun and lightheartedness to be shared. Putting a smile on and focusing on the positive can do a lot. Do not get me wrong I trip up a lot, usually sundays I get really depressed but you can fight on and rely on other things to get your mind off things. Whether it is video games, friends, or reading a good book, or even exercise. It helped with me, and I hope it helps you. Thank you everyone that was a long post I hope it helps some people.