I feel repulsiveI am absolutely disgusting and repulsive. it doesn't make sense but it does, I'm just awful and ashamed to be myself. I'm a failure who can't do anything right

I keep to myself because it feels like everyone is looking down on me, and that theres always something to critique and be disgusted and appalled by me. I feel like a spectral when I finally do something right like a monkey who finally does a trick and every gaps at and claps, it's patronising and then the moments discarded and they look at me and I'm pathetic again

I'm always waiting for people to turn away but I don't want them to. but I don't want to pathetically say "no don't leave me", so I either push them away or stay away

I've always felt this distance between me and people, this push back and barriers the way they see me, view me, as if repulsed at how dumb, ugly, fat, need, slobbering and fat-arsed I am. I just feel like a freak show, patronised and abandoned.

people say reach out but I don't know how to, so they know how pathetic I really am or tell me it's not true.

I know I've low self-esteem, an inferiority complex and. internalised racism but it feels so absolute; I can't stop myself for thinking any other way or escaping everyones disappointment

I want to cut, or swallow a lot of pills and the only reason I haven't yet is because I have an assignment due to tomorrow 

I think a lot about if I die...it would take them a while to find me a whole week - I have no contact with anyone unless it's for work. my dad picks me up so he'll realise and come round. then my siblings. I imagine my funeral will be small; my "friends" will only be notified because my dad will tell a family friend who's a teacher. everything will go by quick and then they'll forget. I've been going downhill and  it's not like they cared. even when I left home it didn't seem the matter

I wish I knew how not to feel this way; but I've lost hope. I really, really tried to be a good person, a good sister, friend and daughter but it was never enough or good enough for everyone. my mum abandoned me and called me useless, I gave up the last 11 years, my youth, to mother my siblings but they don't care, my friends were never friends at all and don't want to be close to me, my dad is always disappointed, he wants me to get good grades yet mother at the same time and now I've failed so whats the point.