I got arrested and charged. I am a bad person. I want to die. I want to kill myself.I got arrested for the first time in my life for assaulting my (now ex) partner. I am 23F with three young children, the youngest of which is his. I wouldn’t get out of bed to start the day because I had an alarm set and wanted to close my eyes and stay in bed for 15 more minutes, so he took the blankets off me. When I tried to take the blanket off of him, he threw me to the ground. I told him to get out of my house (we don’t live together, he provides no financial assistance to my family or bills or home, and only provides occasional assistance to our child for toys and formula). He stayed laying in bed, saying no, laughed at me.
I tried to physically pull him out of my bed so that he would get up and leave. He then took my phone and threatened to call my parents. I don’t know why he took my phone when he had his phone and both my parents direct contacts on his phone. I was left unable to call for help. Feeling threatened and vulnerable and scared, I then attacked him in an effort to get my phone back. 
He did end up leaving after I reluctantly took my children and myself to my neighbours to call for help.
The police came, took my side of the story, left to take his side of the story and then they came back and arrested me. Luckily my wonderful friend had just come over and was able to take care of my children while I went into police custody.

I am not looking for sympathy. I kicked, grabbed, punched at him and more, and that was wrong.
But I feel defeated. I feel like this encourages his behaviour and he is allowed and able to make someone feel vulnerable and scared inside their own home. This is not the first time I have asked him to leave my home because he was being intimidating. This is not the first time he has taken my phone in an attempt to get what he wants.

Now I have an arrest, a DV charge, which will hang over my head forever. Not only that, but my ex partner said he feared for the kids safety even when I changed them, changed his sons dirty nappy, and even changed myself all in front of him so we could get out after he leaves. 

Before this happened, I had control over my life. I had major and minor plans that I was working towards. I had some sort of self doubt but was seeing a psych. I was going to break up with him anyway because he treats my young daughter from another father like shit, I don’t love him, I believe he doesn’t love me and only wants sex and to see our child. 

And now it’s all down the drain. I have a charge on my name, a police record. This is the end of my life. I don’t know how anything can get better. 
I was about to enrol my kids into more childcare so I could go to work and start saving for a house. But who will hire me now? I am a violent person.
I wanted to date and fall in love with someone who would treat my kids as equal, and accept me and all my mistakes. But DV crosses the line, who would love someone so fucked up?

I used to think I was a good mother. And I suppose I am most of the time. I read to them every night, I commit to their needs all day, all night with very minimal help from their fathers, I prepare for them fresh meals focusing on a balanced diet. Countless people and health and social workers have told me they are happy, thriving, social children. But what shit does that mean now? My ex partner told the police I was neglectful and would take anger out on my kids. Sure, I smack them when they’re extremely naughty but I have supportive friends at my disposal when I need help with the kids. 
And that’s all to shit now. I have failed my children. It doesn’t matter what anyone thinks about my parenting, to police and on police document I am a horrible, neglectful parent. 
Their fathers are so good, they’d be much better off with them than in the care of someone violent.

I don’t know how to kill myself. I frequent the watchpeopledie subreddit and feel so sorry for the suicides, but now I sympathise with how they’re feeling. There’s no escape from my past and horrible future. But I can contribute to a better future for everyone if I was dead. I trust that the children’s fathers would choose kind and loving step mothers. Everyone will mourn me but then I will be forgotten. Their lives will go on, it will be hard but they are beautiful strong people that don’t need the burden of my life if I continue to live. I wish I lived in America so I could buy a gun and shoot myself in the brain. But I don’t, so I can only entertain less favourable options. I don’t want to tell anyone. My life will not get better. I want to die. I want to leave. I have no future anymore. But my children do, I hope they’ll strive for happiness and fulfilment in everything that they do. I trust that they are in good guidance. I hope they will be okay. 
