I relapsedHey, lemme know if I need to flair/tag this with something 

It sucks, but I relapsed again. Its never been bad before but this time its really worse. I never felt safe in my own home because of my dad and his girlfriend. His girlfriend is literally ruining my family. My siblings are at their limits. I don't know what to do anymore. My family is breaking apart. I don't do anything or say anything to my dad because we all want him to happy. I know he doesn't want to be alone after my mom passed away. We all don't want my dad to feel like that. But Jesus, this woman he picked is literally toxic as hell. I asked for one holiday (Thanksgiving) with just my family, no boyfriends/girlfriends around and she gets all mad and petty at me. Their anniversary is this Christmas and my sister tells me that she said that there's no exceptions, they're spending their time together alone. My dad has changed,  I barely recognize him anymore. He always tends to his girlfriend's needs. I understand that my siblings and I are grown, but damn man,, I just want my dad around. He's the only parent I have left in this world. I don't want to lose him too.

Everything she's doing and the atmosphere in the house is killing me. I tried to be better and take care of my health and mental health but today just was the last straw. Yeah I thought about ending myself, but I'm just to chicken to do it. My sister tells me to hang on and that in 2 months it'll be better but I really don't know if I can hang on for that long. Its awful. My family never used to be like this, and I know its all because of her. She used to be married and that didn't end well. Her ex husband and his nephew (my brother's friend) know she's a bad person. I don't wanna type anymore about her,  she's giving me more anxiety tbh lol.

Anyways, I'm trying to stay strong but its hard. Thoughts of ending myself are coming back, my anxiety attacks are back and more worse. I feel weak and so sick. I don't have energy to do things anymore. I do wish things were better. Hopefully soon.