Not really sure how to dig myself out of this.Just want to say that if you happened upon this, thanks for reading ahead of time. It's taken me a lot to be able to properly put some of what I'm feeling into words.

I'm openly gay, and while I went through the requisite bullying through high school, I don't think I've thought about ending things quite as 'logically' (or maybe logistically - keep reading) as my mind seems to be justifying it this time around. I keep thinking back to the "It Gets Better" campaign - did it really get all that better?

I'm now a double major B.A. student at major state school, almost finished, but have been saving for months towards rent to live closer to campus. I suffer from anxiety and depression, but I really only take medication as needed when outside stressors become too much to handle - I.E., when coursework seems all-consuming. When the summer started, I was pulled over for speeding and charged with a DUI. I tested well under the legal .08 limit, and was actually the DD, but as I'm underage and the state of Arizona has a zero tolerance policy towards this sort of thing I've been screwed from the get go - and maybe rightfully so? 

I know, and those close to me know, that I'd never get behind the wheel if I felt like I was a real danger to someone else. It's just not worth it. But in the eyes of the law, and future employers, and everyone I now meet, the stigma is all-consuming. I can't stop thinking about what /they'll think in-turn.

Some days I wake up and everything is fine, I'll even have a few days span that goes fairly well, but something will trigger a memory and it's like I can't escape it. I'll check my school email and remember that if I end up getting jail time I'll lose my academic scholarship. I'll think about going out with someone who haven't seen in a while, but the thought of actually cluing them in on what has happened bogs me down the night before. Most have been as helpful as they can be, but they know as little about what this all actually means for me as I do. However, moving forward and not acknowledging it to them just makes me feel even less authentic.

My parents have been as supportive as possible, but I can see it's taking a toll on them as well. When things get really dark, my mind keeps rationalizing that suicide is the most valid option at this point. I'll find reasons to keep going - that I still have attorney fees to pay, but I'll unconsciously come back quickly with the idea that if things can happen in a set time frame, my saved up would-be rent money will easily be able to take care of things after I'm gone, and I then don't feel as guilty for putting my loved ones in a financial burden.

I can conceptualize that I've made a mistake here, and I'm more than willing to pay for it - the process is simply so long, and afterwards, my life is as good as over anyway. As far as career prospects are concerned, and as far as new relationships are concerned. The idea comes back about the window of time that I may have to take action.

If anyone has been in the same boat, advice would be extremely helpful.

