Fear of noose (bit of story too)I tried the other day to hang myself, I'm ready to go.
I bought gifts for family and friends and wrote out a big note. I've got the noose setup in my basement I'll be alone for the next 2-3 days if I do it tonight or tomorrow anytime, a friend will probably be the first one to find me so I'm leaving  a note to not come in. Just wondering if getting really drunk or high will help me get over the fear of the noose, i tested it just by pulling with one hand the other day and after about 4 seconds everything started to get red, I panicked and took it off but still felt like fainting for a couple seconds afterwards. Theres no doubting the lethality just doubting my willpower to make it happen, I really do want to be with my family and friends but my schizophrenia/pyschosis is too much for everyone to handle. Even me.
I've got enough whiskey on its own to make me black out if i just stand on the chair and drink, plus a months worh of anti-depressants and an almost full bottle of tylenol.
I hope theres an afterlife, If there is I'll see my father and uncle again, if not I guess I'll just be a tragic hero kind of death to everyone i know. I know my friends will never forget me, if anytjing I'll be immortal to them, in the new Ultimate Smash (my names Lucas) but I'll be jealous of them for eternity, amazing successful, loved, individuals, without mental illness, they're gonna have kids one day and shit. That sounds nice but not realistic for me anymore, if i dont do it tonight I might go to a sperm bank tomorrow just for the sake of making my mom hopeful that there's still some form of me in this world somewhere, if not I'm sure that when my sister is older she'll name a kid after me or one of my friends will or something. I used to make so many jokes about suicide that people thought i was serious, guess they were right lol. One moment you're here and then the next you're gone or your will to live is. I predicted a death like this when i was 14 despite never being depressed as a kid.

If you're around the age of  10-14 I reccommend listening to the album "Tommy" by The Who in the dark with a candle burning, you will see your entire future. (No drugs or alcohol necessary lol)

If you have dreams of being famous one day, wait till you're actually famous to start doing drugs. I'm a fucking idiot lol. Man i had a great life, and then drugs just fucked everything up, and i had multiple times where I said I probably shouldn't do drugs anymore but kept going, I'm sorry dad I failed you, hopefully I'll see you soon and we can listen to Eric Clapton in heaven or some shit. You'd almost think the death of a loved one would make you think smarter about life but fuck I guess not me.

TL:DR Sorry about all the random crap, just need some help with the hanging thing really. Will getting really high or drunk make it easier/ less painful? I'd appreciate the advice.

