This will be heart to swallow, but you need to hear this.Suicide is the most selfish thing a person can do.  Sure, it takes courage to kill yourself, but above that it takes incredible amount of self-obsession to do it. A truly narrow mind only focused on oneself. It is the exact opposite of love. You might think others will feel better without you, but no, in fact you are stealing yourself and everything that could have been from them and from destiny. 

Do you know what the odds of a person such as yourself being born are? 1 in 400 trillion. It´s a number you can´t even imagine. 4000x more than there are stars in our galaxy. So here we are despite worse odds than in any existing lottery. With this gift. I know you didn´t ask for it. You didn´t ask to be here, and you didn´t ask for this life you live right now, but it´s what we have. There are people who want to live so much, they have so much love and they have some much to give, but they can´t. Their life will be taken from them without their consent and without any warning. Even though they certainly didn´t deserve it. A mom dying of cancer who won´t be able to see her child grow up. A boy who likes to play D&amp;D with his friends and his mom´s home cooked chicken, but he will get hit by a car. A man on the street freezing to death just because he had bad luck at work, in marriage, in life....

You probably hate me by now, thinking what the fuck does this arrogant douchebag know about me. You´re right. I don´t know shit about you, but I know that if there´s one thing you hate more than me, it´s where you are in life right now. How on did we get here? We used to be happy, but we´re so...empty. So hear me out. I want you, for once in your life, to do one truly selfless thing. And you will do it right after the next sunrise. It can be anything. Offer your help in an animal shelter, buy food to a homeless man, donate blood at the hospital, I don´t care. You´re not doing it for me, and you´re not doing it for yourself. For once you´re doing it for someone else. You won´t instagram it, you won´t brag about it to your friends, you´ll just do it. An experience.

Despite our emptiness, we still have so much to give. Don´t think about it as paying a debt, think about it as contributing to better world. Building it for someone who loves it more than you do. You were planning to kill yourself so what difference does it make if you do it a week a month a year later. If you think you´ve already sacrificed enough for others, I assure you, you certainly haven´t. Sometimes, in order to help ourselves, we need to help others. If you want love then the love must come from you. Just see how it feels. Maybe it will help you, maybe it won´t, but you will know who you are.