(not in danger) still really tiredI went to try and take a nap, but as with all things, I fail even in doing that. I shouldn't even be on reddit, I should be studying (because haha, surprise most of my problems come from school,I don't have real issues, I just am a self entitled uni kid who can't handle life is all) but the very thought of looking through my notes is paralyzingly bad for me I don't know,

I still wish I could kill myself, and the desire is proportional to how much I have to do, you know? Suicide is an out. I know my dad is afraid to make me unhappy now, despite for years being angry at me and frusrtrated at me. I guess he's beginning to see how cracked and damaged I really am. My mom isterrified of losing me. I don't understand why either they destroyed my life when I was younger, and I tried despite that. But now I want to give up and suddenly they care? I don't get it. 

I've driven all my friends away, but none of that actually matters. My friends are better off without me. My family is better off without me. The world adn everyone in it are better off without me, hell even the fucking school, my therapist, my doctor, my reegisrtar are all better off without me. I keep sending them emails about how fucking bad I have it, do I have it bad? No of course not, I'm just a self entitled asshole who can't get fucking work done. 

Nothing I do has ever been worth the time. I should kill myself. I've said it so many times the words lose meaning. Self punishment has been a big deal for me for as long as I can remember. 


I'm never actually going to kill myself, the closest I've ever been has been when I've run a high enough fever and been delirious enough to almost fall into the tracks with oncoming trains. I'm too much of a pussy to try and kill myself, and I know it. I don't even need these antidepressant meds, I'm just faking everything. 

Nothing I do is realistically going to work, and I've tried. I've tried a lot of things, and I've always failed. I've never improved in a meaningful way, in behaviour, effort, attitude, or anything. I'm a problematic person and I hope I die. I hope I end up dead soon. I really wish I will be. 

I know I'm not worthy of being alive. I know I shouldn't be alive I shouldn't be alive to squander all of this fucking shit, constantly. 