I really don't know what to do anymoreI have over 17k in hospital bills, and it didnt bother me much to let them go to collection until I realised that I will likely have to keep piling onto that for the rest of my life, because I can't find a job that offers health insurance and I don't qualify for medicaid. I've been diagnosed with severe clinical depression and a general anxiety disorder and was being screened for ASD and treated for mountains of childhood trauma stemming from an extremely abusive and negligent mother(who was still sinking her claws into my life and still is)before I could no longer afford to see my psychiatrist, and then I could no longer afford to see a therapist at all. And then I was raped, and I coped with that by self-traumatizing behavior, mostly risky sexual encounters that made me feel dead inside. And then i fell in love and decided i wanted to get better; even though it was made extremely clear that it would never be reciprocated I didnt give up on improving myself. The love faded, but only because I threw myself into rounding out my social life, making friends and whatnot, qhich led to people leading me on for sex or a free meal and then ghosting me. But I decided I would just focus on loving myself instead, which was hard to do when I couldn't find a job, and I didn't have any friends besides the girl who could not love me(she's a great friend! She really has kept me alive through all of this I hold absolutely no resentment towards her but facing your inadequacy everyday even if there is no ill will is Hard and it Takes A Toll), and I was struggling to support myself, being completely financially dependent on my grandmother, the only person in my family who has not intentionally harmed me, except she's also very poor, and every crumb in my mouth is a meal from her stomach. I found purpose in a job helping at-risk kids, but it often felt as though the administration was working to make things worse for them and for us and it did not pay well so I was still very very poor, and eventually had to leave because I had been offered a better paying position elsewhere, which fell through almost as soon as I resigned so I was unemployed for several months until my mother lent me a car to do those delivery jobs(doordash and instacart mostly) until I scratched it and she used me to facilitate some kind of ruse for her fiance and when i refused and came clean they took the car but then i was able to use my grandmother's car but then i ran up on a curb and popped the tires and was out of 'work' for two weeks and now owed her $500 for the repairs and tow expenses which she had to beg our family to pay at the time to get it out of impound and the Least i can do is pay her back which i would have been able to because I just got a job and was still being allowed to supplement it with those delivery gigs but I just rearended someone so no delivery gigs. no driving the car. no income besides measly hours with no benefits. more money I owe her. another hospital bill because i went to the er and found out about a cyst a few days ago but now? no treatment for that. no therapy no drugs no meds no money nothing. i don't understand why one small good thing is always swiftly followed with a very big bad thing. i don't understand why i have to fight so hard to hold on to some semblance of hope, why it keeps getting squashed until i have nothing to hope for. i want to believe i have a future where im happy or where at least im not so distressed, but the truth is that ive long since surpassed my ability to process all this and the slightest disappointment often send me into an intense fit; all ive ever had to hope for..to live for..was that one day i could afford to be happy or at least to actually care about my happiness, but the lesson that life has taught me is that thatvis asking for too much. I often feel as though I must be cursed or doomed, that this is the hell to which i was sentenced for the crimes of some former self but what could they have done to elicit such a sisyphusian torment? it doesn't matter because whether i know why or not, this is the nature of my existence, and I am physically not strong wnough to continue pushing the boulder of my survival.. i am just too weak to go on..