i don't know what i'm doing with my life anymoreThere's probably some real-world consequence of making my post so specific and honest, but I don't really care enough.
I am incredibly bored and dissatisfied with my life. Im 16 and in a horrible place, mentally. Everytime I think about it, I make myself out to be an idiot, but I can't ignore the feeling anymore. 
On paper, I probably seem like a pretty decent person. B+ average in honors classes, cohead of a few clubs, very extroverted, amazing girlfriend, and from a relatively well-off family. Despite all of this, I manage to make myself feel worthless. I'm extremely hypercritical of myself, and I'm extremely paranoid as a result of never satisfying my parent's desire to be the absolute best. Every time my girlfriend does anything to suggest in the slightest that she isn't 'madly in love' with me, I feel insecure and want to break up. It's stupid, and I don't deserve her. After moving schools, I feel like my personality netted me a lot of friends, but not a single one can break the surface and talk about anything real. I feel like I'm becoming this fake person with a plastered-on smile. In complete honesty, I haven't genuinely laughed in 5 months, although it's a pretty common sight to see me chuckling with a group of people. I haven't contributed anything to anyone. I've just been sucking resources from my family, and done nothing to reciprocate at all. For someone who is depressed, I do believe I am extremely rational. That's the only thing keeping me from killing myself. It's knowing that people might be affected, and temporarily scarred that someone they were so 'close' to was actually considering shooting their brains out for months on end. My family life is dull. After leaving the numbskulls at school, I'm taken back to a household devoid of love and a feeling of anything. I hate being at home. I hate being at school. I hate associating myself with people who have never had a real conversation in their lives, and I hate how ignorant I'm becoming because of it. I hate that I'm jealous of my girlfriend, the sweetest, most intelligent, pure creature on this side of the world. I just hate the hole in my life, and that I'm not up to my own depressing expectations. I hate my faltering grip on school, and seeing my future pass me by. I simply hate myself. I'm literally bored to death and I hate every second of my existence. There's so much more to it that I'm listing, but it's over now, and there's no point crying over spilt milk. In the same way, I don't think anyone's going to cry over me.