FuktWhen I was 8 years old, I chewed a pen cap to 
the point of sharpness and carved "fukt" on my knuckles. 

I should have known then what I ultimately know now. 

There is nothing in this world for a 'person' like me. I'm a narcissist, a loner, a complete asshole, a sad tune. 

I've been a professional cook for the past 14 years of my life. Which makes sense. I would have never thought I would have the job I have now, but the mere thought of walking into chaos and disarray five days a week bums me out even more than breathing does. Sure, kitchen work is the only work I know. I should be appreciative of making the most money I have ever made. 

I'm not. 

Recently, me and my girlfriend have been going through a rough patch. I calmly talked to her about how she needs to help with bills, rent, and other things for our apartment. I added that she has been very cold towards me, which I attributed to her grieving process of a lost co-worker in December. Previously mentioned, I'm no saint. I spew smartassed comments like a broken hose. I need my personal time. I like to play guitar until all hours of the night. You would have thought being together for 3 years, she would have tried to get her act together.

Alas, 3 days later she turns and says something to me that I can't stop thinking about: 

"I've been thinking about our conversation on Monday. You're right. But, I can't give you what you deserve. I'm going to move back in with my parents. My brother is on his way to help pack everything up. He's 15 minutes away." 

What a load of garbage. 

I was a gentleman. Honestly, I was. I calmly started gathering her things and loading them into her and her brothers car. At this moment, as calm as I was, I knew my old suicidal feelings were starting to muster inside of me. She said we would talk soon. I didn't believe her. I went back into my dusty apartment and laid on my bed. I had the thought that I never wanted to see her again after the way she walked away from me. I quickly got up, went to the computer, and deleted every picture and post that we  ever shared on every social media outlet. I blocked her, her friends and her family members. I didn't want reminded of this person who I loved so very deeply.

It scares me that I didn't cry. 

We are on talking terms now, but leaving the way she did hurt me in a place I've never been hurt before. I told her that. She agreed we needed to talk. I explained how I felt in great detail. I told her I didn't know if I could trust her ever again after the way she left. If a person chooses to abandon you for asking for help in basic life situations, I'm pretty sure they will leave you just as quickly if something serious happens. She wants to work things out. I don't know if I can get over the massive breach of trust and a knee-jerk reaction to leave me in the dust. 

This isn't the first time I battled with ending my own life. 4 years ago, I ate a ton of Vicodin and sleeping pills combined with a half bottle of Jameson. Waking up from that was terrifying. You can't move your arms or legs as fast as you want. It's a pretty surreal feeling. I remember thinking, "I bet two more vicodin would have done it." 

She would pick me up from work every day. I don't drive. I have a depth perception problem and doctors have repeatedly informed me I am "physically unable to drive." And I believe them. The problem is pretty bad. But, now that I have an hour and 45 minute bus ride home after getting my dick kicked in all day at work, it just makes me feel even more shitty. 

I don't drive. I don't care for work. The woman I loved with all of my heart left me in the lurch. I don't have the strength to carry on any longer. At 29 years of age, I was supposed to be over feeling this way. I was supposed to be happy and generally healthy. I'm not. I just want everything to stop. I want the thoughts to stop. I want to stop being confused. I want to stop feeling like this is the end. And I can't. I can't see the road ahead. I can't see a future worth living for. I can't see a love worth living for. I can't stop thinking about how I'm going to end my life. 

I still haven't shed a single tear. And I feel like that says more than I ever could to myself. 

