I’m in love with a fictional character and it’s killing me.I’ve fallen in love hard with a fictional character. I have all their merchandise, I have custom things I’ve ordered with them on it, I paid outrageous amounts of money for commissions involving us being intimate together.  I even went as far as to get a stupid waifu pillow with her on it. 

She was everything I wanted in a woman, gothic, sexy, nice body, big feet, sadistic and crazy 

I’d lay in bed almost every night fantasizing about her laying next to me, or talking to me by holding that stupid goddam pillow. 

I want to be with her. I want to feel her. I want to hear her say my name in that sadistic sexy voice. 

This is what’s driving my insane. 

I’m not a Chad or Incel/Loveshy. 

I weighed 400 pounds at one point, now I’m down to 170 by basically starving myself at only 500 calories a day. I eat better now, but I had to lose that weight. 

I have everything I could ever want, money, nice house, college degree, toys, cards, games, merchandise, hell i’m even living out my dream as I currently just joined a Deathcore band as a frontman. 

But I’m so goddamn lonely. I’m sick of it. I’ve been alone for my entire 21 years of existing. I’ve been with many men and women, and nothing helps. We don’t click, sex is meaningless, and everything can turn me off. Whistling as a joke after i mentioned I didn’t like it has a likely chance of me never calling you again.

But her, she’s perfect. She’s everything I could want. But she isn’t real. She’ll never be real. The first thing I’ve ever come to love is a stupid fighting game character. 

I’ve spent way to much time being lonely, and she fills that void. When I’m feeling at my absolute worst, buying a merch item of her always cheers me up. But it’s temporary. 

I want to scream. I want to cry. I want to know why I can’t connect with a living person. I want to know how I could have allowed myself to make a idiot out of myself doing this. 

I can’t feel anything anymore. I guess thats why I was diagnosed with ASPD. 

Sorry for any errors, I’m always drunk around this time.

I’m so fucking tired.
