Speaking my mindI don't know if I want to kill myself, but I have a hard time finding any real worth to my life.

I've grown up thinking that the greatest satisfaction comes from work or doing something you love. For all of my life, I have followed that idea. I have worked hard and tried to find my greatest pleasure in academic or intellectual pursuits. This seemed to be enough for me up until about a year ago. I then realized that I had neglected an all important social side to my life.

Throughout high school, I had never really put any effort into building relationships with the people around me. I never got into Facebook or texting. I'm probably the only one of my friends who doesn't use Snapchat. Basically, if I don't see a person every day at school I don't talk to them at all. I've tried reaching out to other people beyond the small circle of friends I have at school, but it always ends up being awkward or I never know what to say to keep up correspondence. I end up falling out of communication.

In all my time in focusing on work and mental activities, I have forgotten to use or develop any sense of how to connect with people. Yeah, I have some close friends, but, like I said before, it is only because I have the same classes as them at school. Furthermore, it was them who made the effort to be friends with me, not me making any effort to be friends with them. I just feel so distant from the people around me. Like they might as well be strangers on a subway: I only have to interact with them while they're standing two feet away from me, and then they leave and I never see them again. I realized the work you have to put in to stay in touch with people and how unprepared I am to do this. Now it's starting to catch up to me.

I don’t talk to people as much anymore. I feel unhinged. I feel like I have been blown up and I'm in the middle of falling back down. I'm just waiting to hit the ground. I’m losing the people around me. It’s gotten to a point where people I was best friends with a year ago are people I never talk to because I don’t have any classes with them. To top that, I've lost interest in the work that used to bring me so much pleasure. It's hard for me to sit down and focus on the things I used to love. Now, I am left feeling empty. I'm losing direction in my life and I don't know what to do. In my last year in high school, it has occurred to me how inept I really am at interacting with other people. I hate it.

I just want to speak my mind, but I lose my train of thought or I just can't think of the words to say when they’re right beside me. People know me as the "quiet one," and the guy who's always "so focused." They don't realize that it's all I know how to do. I don't know how to be anything else. I don’t know how to be so jovial and laid-back. It feels unnatural. There are points when I want to scream, and there are points where I want to disappear.

In short, in the past year, I have realized how much I hate being me. I hate the corner I’ve backed myself into. I’ve squandered the time that I could have used to build relationships, make friends, and find real enjoyment in life. I don’t see how my life has any purpose whatsoever.