Dealig with suicidal thoughts.I've had a tough year, and a lot of I can blame on myself. I got married June of last year, but quickly began to ruin my marriage with jelousy, insecurities etc. Suddenly I was 21 with a wife and kids from her previous marriage and began to sorry about being good enough of a father and husband. I began to treat my wife like she was seeing her ex, hating any interaction she had with the kids dad. I needed constant reassurance and made her feel like he never did enough. We sperated for a few months and in that time my great grandmother who raised me practically and my father died. He killed himself with an overdose. We only got back together after I had a scare with my appendix bursting and needing emergency surgery. This was in feburary. I felt like we were doing better but then my wife started taking a medication for her depression and it took away any desire for sex, physical affection, and even emotional closeness. I began pretty quickly to feel jealous and insecure again instead on being supportive and now we are separated again with the consensus of just being friends and seeing if it works out. My wife currently had no clue ant to be in a relationship with me, we don't like each other and have been mean to each other. She says it's a total separation and to act as if we are single, and qhik I have no desire to be with another person, even a hook up, I know that she has a right to but can't stand the thought of her with someone else until we're completely divorced. She said she has no desire to but I don't trust her and I hate that. I hate that o don't trust her or like her and that I've been mean. I hate that I've caused everyone grief with my mental breakdown. I hate that I'll maybe lose my family due to my own mistakes. I'm not afraid to live alone but right now I live with her, her kids dad, and a friend of ours and hate it. I hate vwryhing about my life right now and just wish every morning that I didn't wake up. I haven't tried anything yet and am not sure that I will, but it's always in the forefront of my mind on what I need to do before that, things to get in order, and I've already done some of them. I know this is all dramatic and I'm being a baby about a lot of things that are my own damn fault, I just feel like garbage. I'm going to try a new medication and get counseling later this month and hope that will help. 