Death by shotgunI have it all planned out. I'm going to write lovely letters to my family. Then call my stbx and leave a long winded message on her vm. I'm going to map out our entire relationship and discuss why I'm going to kill myself. Then I'm going to break into her car and kill my self while still on the phone so she hears it and it's recorded.

It's about the worst thing I can think of. I hate myself. I want her to hurt. I don't want to physically hurt her, just emotionally hurt her. 

For 3 years we were fwb. I didn't want to be with her because we didn't have anything in common. I told her for 3 years that I struggle with addiction and depression and that I'm not boyfriend material. For 3 years she reassured me that she wanted to be with me. 

I ran away from her by moving. She ran towards me and followed. I relented and gave her a chance. I opened up my heart and let her in.

We got married and I thought we were happy. We had amazing sex all the time. For 2 years we lived happily but I still struggled with my issues. She began to resent me because of my issues. Just like I told her she would during the first 3 years. She fought so hard to be with me that I thought she would love me for me.

She finally cheated on me 4 months ago. I said we needed to get divorced. But since I loved her so much I became a pussy for the first time in our relationship and said that I want her back. She didn't want to get back with me. She actually became quite mean to me. She did everything she could to hurt me in the last four months to show me that she did not love me anymore. Telling me she is with a better man than I can fulfill her needs. Yet I still want to back with her.

I contacted her over and over again. She accused me of stalking her. Not quite the case, but close. I was just trying to save my marriage.

I know that what I'm about to do is the most unhealthy and emotionally evil thing I can think of, yet I still plan on doing it. I will break into her car and shoot myself with a shotgun. I know only it will only confirm her decision that she was right to leave me. But I don't care.


I can't stop the drugs and I can't stop depression. I will be in bed all day and I don't have the energy to get up and be productive. 