I feel like I'm being suffocated by my depression...Hi SW,


I've posted here once before and even in my inebriated state still found it helpful. I really am not sure what to do or who to turn to. I've been doing great the past few weeks but since yesterday I feel like I'm drowning in my depression. I feel like it's pressing on me and makes it difficult to breathe. I've been dealing with these types of feelings for a very long time and because of the career path I'm trying to follow I can't use medication for treatment anymore or that option closes. 


I'm working roughly 55-60 hours per week, getting maybe one or two days off every two or three weeks, and I'm pretty miserable at both jobs. I'm not really enjoying what I do but it's necessary if I want to be able to finish school and not have to worry too much about myself financially. I just feel like I don't have the time or energy to be doing anything but work, I don't see my friends ever, and I only get to see my SO on weekends in between my shifts at work. I'm always tired and I'm just really discouraged about life. I'm tired of not always knowing why I feel sad and I don't know what to do to get help.


I'm starting to think about self-harming again, how easy it would be to just swallow a bunch of pills. It wouldn't have been the first time I'd done it and really it was just like falling asleep. It wasn't painful, unfortunately I obviously woke up but it took like 48 hours for all the pills to run out of my system. 


I've called a mental health crisis line and I get a voicemail pretty much every time I've tried to call. "Leave your name and number and we'll call you as soon as possible. If you're in danger of harming yourself please hang up and call 911." Thanks helpline! Even a stupid phone line designed to be there to support someone who has no one to turn to is too busy to let me talk it out. I just can't get this feeling of my heart in my throat to stop, the hitch in my breathing that keeps happening, and the tears that start to involuntarily fall to stop.


I want it all to stop and I don't know if I'm in immediate danger of actually going through with anything but the thought of going to a hospital and telling them the thoughts that I'm having keeps popping up and I'm not entirely sure if that's even what I'm supposed to do or how to make it all stop even if its just for a moment. 


I just want it to stop... someone give me one good reason to live for. And not the bullshit answer of "The people around you would miss you" because I'd be dead and unable to feel the guilt or sadness of what I'd be causing those around me. If I'm at a point where I don't give a shit about my own life anymore then why would I care about others? All I can think about is making it through my 13 hour workday so I can go home and tear up my wrists, legs, wherever it seems I can hide it the most efficiently later on... I just want the pain to stop.

**Edit:** I may not seem as suicidal as some of the other posts on here but as every day passes I keep getting closer and closer to the edge. Fourteen years is a long time to be dealing with mental illness, especially at my age and with the lack of understanding I had of it when I was young, and the lack of support I got through my teen years... I just need someone to understand, tell me I'm not crazy...