:lHello, idk how to start this or why I am writing this. But I am lost. I'm a 16yo and I think I'm going crazy. For the past 12-6 months I've been in a low mood, not depressed or suicidal but just lethargic, down and always alone. I'm currently in college and I hate it and now I'm suicidal (it kills me to admit it). I started college in September and every day I sit alone because I'm a minority, I made one friend who shall go unnamed. I had to unfriend him as he was really toxic and frankly shitting all over my mental health. I was with my girlfriend for 2 and a half years, and she ended it between us about two months ago. I am in a place where idk what to do anymore. I don't know whether to  A) stay and fight all these thoughts, B) Straight up hang myself, or C) save up as much money as I can so I can help my family and give my ex some too so she isn't struggling for money, and then kill myself. As you can probably tell I am madly in love with her still, I think I always will be. I would do anything for her and she knows it. We rarely talk, and when we do she will ignore me for hours so I'm left with my thoughts, typically thinking back to being with her and all the great times we had. She was great, she was the only person who could make me smile, she gave the best cuddles, and knew exactly what to do and when to do things to make my day so much better. And now I don't have her anymore, I feel like I'm always alone. My best friend from high school is also very suicidal and I feel like if he goes, It'll push me over the edge, or if I go it'll push him over the edge. But he struggles communicating, as do I, as do so many people nowadays. I feel sorry for him. He is always being mistreated by girls and others. I try to help but there's only so much I can do, I really try my best. I have periods of non suicidal thoughts but I'm never happy, during these periods I don't feel sad or lethargic, I just feel like nothing. If I could try describe it to you, it would be like driving a car into a field at night, and sitting on the roof looking up. It's peaceful, but doesn't make me happy. I try to exercise as a way to distract myself, but as you're all probably aware due to the Corona virus, all the gyms are shut. I don't have enough money to get the equipment for home workouts either. I'm not quite sure what I'll do, or why I am writing this but I just thought it would be best to write it down so that if I do end up picking option B/C, somebody will know why I chose to do what I did.