I think about it every day . . . but I don't want to die. I just want the hurt to stopThere is not a day that goes by where I don't think about suicide.  I've attempted it several times.  While I am a very friendly and social person, when all the people are gone I find myself constantly depressed.  I no longer have the drive for things I was once passionate about . . . while I do have friends and I know there are people that love me, I seem to know few individuals that understand my frustrations and anxieties.  It's not uncommon to have people I know get defensive when I voice any trivial opinion (like I'm not really into this band or that I'm not interested in seeing a popular movie).   I don't have a substance abuse problem (while I do get drunk when I go out, I'm purely a social drinker. . . other than that, no other vices)   
Where I live there is not much in terms of diversity/progressive ideals.  I'm an ethnic minority so . . . .yeah.  I'm in my 30's and dating is basically impossible.  I haven't had a girlfriend in about a decade.  I would say I'm an average looking person with fine social skills.  But everything about biology and social evolution tells me I have all the odds stacked against me.  Anytime I've tried online dating, I maybe get a response 1 out of 30 tries (no joke) and even then the conversation stops before it even gets started.  And there's nothing wrong with my messages.  They're just average, funny, concise greetings. It's just that statistically, other women typically don't want to date people of my ethnicity.
I feel that where my depression stems from is simply feeling out of place.  I can't afford to move and it's a relatively small town.  I can't vent to my friends because 1) they wont listen or understand or 2) in my past I've exhausted whatever sympathetic ears people gave to me or 3) someone down the line will throw it back in my face,  ex: “I've had to put up with so much of your shit”.  

I've felt that I've exhausted all social options.  I trust very few of my friends anymore and my family doesn't listen to anything I say. I have no one to come home to.  Oftentimes my only escape is sleep.  This past week I've just slept and slept. . . I've cried for no reason. . . there is nothing in my life to indicate that there will be any positive change if history is anything to go by.  I feel like this is just part of evolution in that the undesirable/unfit/unwanted are meant to die off so as to make room for the more deserving.  I've lost the few incredibly important people in my life due to past selfishness.  I can't afford counseling.  I think about death and it frightens me but I've run out of options.  I just wish everyone knew how much I was really hurting.  I've tried and tried to communicate this but I feel it just falls on deaf ears.  I think about if I was to kill myself right now how my body probably wouldn't be discovered for at least a week.  At Least. 

I don't know what I'm expecting out of anyone here.  I just don't see any light and I haven't for a long time.  I honestly don't see myself living 10 years from now. 