whatever dude, I just don't get itI don't understand why I keep waking up and going to my shit job every day. $9 an hour to do JavaScript and python just because there's nothing better in my fucking rural ass area. It's like once you're here you're stuck here. If you like doing things other than retail, fast food and manual labor in this town, and actually make a living, then you're fucked. So the obvious solution would be to escape. Except I can't, because I failed school, can't afford to go back, have no degree to get a job with, no motivation to do personal portfolio projects outside of work, and no way to make it to an interview even if I did.


Oh, and I'm nearly 23, permanently single and touch-starved despite talking to girls and generally not having too many confidence or self esteem issues.


So basically, I have no one to live for, I can barely work up the energy to do anything, and I'm fucking stuck here. I have been depressed since age 12 ish and years of therapy/meds have not helped, in fact I'm worse than when it all started.


No one cares if you can build an app with Node, express, react, redux, webpack.... When you live in buttfuck Ohio. Maybe I could have gotten a job through programs with my school if I had been able to stay in college but now I will never know and just have a shitload of debt with no degree to show.


I will be dead before the end of the year if I am not out of this town. I don't need advice, I need a clear cut opportunity to start my career instead of the "just keep going" bullshit I'm constantly fed. Except it won't happen, because people only say they care, and they only HOPE things will get better for me. No one is gonna offer me a job because I want to die. Which just makes me feel worse and more useless. I'm not motivated by competition, it makes me want to fucking die.


I don't need to have the perfect girl or the perfect job. Just a girl I can be happy with and a job I can support us with. The way it looks now I won't ever have any of those things, because I got moved to buttfuck Ohio as a kid.


I wish I could just suffer through this job like a good little wage slave, but 9 hours to think about how much my life sucks is just too fucking much.


I won't be here next year. Whether that be "living in general" or "living in buttfuck Ohio." I will not be here. Because I will be gone or I will be dead.


It's not such a temporary problem when you've been doing it for this long. Life has proven there are no solutions for me. It's not one of those "few months" depressions and apparently it's not even a "few years" depression. I'm stuck with this shit for life. No amount of CBT or DBT can make this shit okay, no med I can take is going to make me less lonely or more successful.


If the change I needed to make to conquer depression was supposed to come from within me then it fucking would have by now. It's your turn, life. You've got 3/4 of a year.