S U I C I D A LWhat is there, over there? There is nothing. I was born in a bottomless pit where no light shone. As if pressed together by the darkness. Untouched by everything at all. Born under those dark, dark sediments. I had a white form. My comrades were all in pure black. In those black forms with their eyes shining and teeth baring they were certainly eating something. And then... There was nothing to me, except my eyes. I felt nothing. No rather... It was possible that what I felt was "void", yet. I could hear nothing, I could bite nothing, I could smell nothing, I could feel nothing as I touch, I could not rest. I had no companion. Just walking, alone. The things reflected in my eyes have no meaning. The things that could not be reflected in my eyes do not exist. Walking walking walking walking walking walking walking walking. When I had arrived at last. I have found something extraordinary. It was somewhat the place of birth for those strange translucent objects that dotted this world. It was the first time... my eyes have been captured. With no colour, with no sound, with no scent. Does not interact with anything, it only exists there. It was the closest existence to "void" that I had ever laid eyes on. I sank my body... into... that great "void". There was nothing there,... Even I had lost my line of vision, and dissolved into the void... And felt as if everything had disappeared. Happiness. If such a thing called happiness exists in this world, it should be something which resembles the limitless nothingness. Nihility is having nothing, and having nothing to lose. If that isn't "happiness", then what is? The things reflected in my eyes have no meaning. The things that could not be reflected in my eyes, do not exist. There is nothing... in you... and... in me. I have been always leaning to the dark side which makes me strange because i know for certain that something is not right with me. Well let me tell you exactly what i feel. I feel nothing. Just a void. I feel an absence, if such a thing is possible. I feel the blank page, silence, dark matter, dishwater. You move through the world, and things happen to you that you know you should feel, but instead of feeling, nothing happens. Like turning the key in your car’s ignition and the car not starting it’s unsettling. Some people might say that "it's a good thing because i feel nothing and it frees you from all the bullshit that people make you go through". Not in my experience. Feeling nothing just makes you feel like you’re not human, not like you’re not depressed. It’s like being the shell of a person. A walking and talking corpse. Like you’re nothing. The human experience with emotion removed isn’t the human experience it’s really no experience at all. I missed a lot of great family and friend events, just because I don’t feel anything out of it. In the nothingness, there is no benefit, no sadness, some loneliness, but mostly just nothing. So yeah i wanted to get that out of my chest.
