Can't stand living with myself anymorehttps://www.reddit.com/r/depression/comments/1pw6ro/20_years_old_dont_think_i_can_deal_with_the/ Since my post I went back to see a urologist after going through a deep depression. Doctor ran tests and found that I had no blood inflow to my penis, most likely due to my accident (pointed my boner towards my feet when i was 18). He recommended a penile revascularization which is like a heart bypass surgery but for your dick. Unfortunately it’s a very specialized procedure that he couldn’t perform. I went in search for someone who could and found Dr. Irwin Goldstein in California. Took sometime to decide on the operation since it costed around $30,000 and he was located in California (I’m from Florida), also I was still in school. But I decided to go through with it since it seriously affected my mental health. I had to break my problem to my parents as well because I couldn’t afford the surgery alone. I had the surgery performed last May and have since gone through a fucking wild ride. During my recovery I had no idea it triggered a manic phase of my bipolar disorder or that I was even bipolar. I became extremely aggressive and fought with my family and friends. I had no regard of risk and spent money lavishly. I only slept 4-5 hours a night but would oddly be filled with energy. I started losing touch with reality believing that God was sending me messages through music, television, or signs on walls. When I was in New York in June, I experienced a manic episode in which I believed that God chose me to stop a terrorist attack from ISIS on the World Trade Center. I called the police telling them what I believed. After being evaluated I was admitted to Long Island Jewish Medical Center for 12 days. Those days were traumatizing as I had no idea when I would be able to leave and was surrounded mentally unstable patients. When I was discharged I struggled with accepting my condition and didn’t take the medications prescribed to me. I felt that they would damage my brain than help me. During this time I began to realize that the surgery didn’t cure my erectile dysfunction(surgery had a ⅓ of chance of failure).I spiraled into another depression in the Fall. This made focusing on school difficult as I was struggling to come to terms of what happened to me over Summer at the same time battling with the depression over the failure of the surgery. I withdrew from school went home and spent weeks in bed. I became suicidal and had my first attempt at suicide by swallowing a bunch of pills. Threw up immediately. At the time it felt like the darkest before dawn had passed but it I was still depressed. I tried going back to school in the Spring but I wasn’t ready. For three weeks I drank and smoked incessantly (went through a whole ounce by myself and handles of Southern Comfort). Went my first exams came up I tried to snap out of it and cram for them. Ended up failing all of them. I couldn’t handle the way my life was going being that I had no idea what to do with my life as far as school/career and I was dealing with the fact that I’ll spend the rest of my life alone. I drove my car straight through a fence and into a tree car ended up sideways and caught on fire. After admitting to the cops that I tried to take my life, I was Baker Acted which meant I was admitted into a behavioral health unit and wouldn’t be released until I was deemed safe to let go (wouldn’t try to kill myself). I stayed 7 days in the facility and was finally let go. Flash forward to now, I’m seeing a therapist and a psychiatrist. Neither really helps much, I don't think I can handle the itch of taking my life anymore.