I just can't do it anymoreI can't say very much because there might be people who would know me by certain things who actually would love for me to die. I have always had lots of friends and family and had some great times and relationships and somehow it's turned to having nothing but constantly knowing there is no hope for me and I don't believe in finding true love a second time. I have only very few people left, and I'm not in touch with them rn, though they would freak out on me and care a lot if they knew the extent of how bad I am now. I don't see a reason to burden anyone. No love,hope,happiness,nothing. And I'm not a kid. Not a real old person,but I feel like most people my age have a lot more to stick around for. In fact I know they do. I just hesitate to take all my medication because I know I'll probably get caught before I go and sent to the hospital, which does jack shit. Plus I have a high tolerance to all meds for some reason. Ideally I'd love to get a handgun, which you can legally get in the state I'm in, but can't get legally personally. I think it's the best way. Quick 123. Boom, gone. Sure, its a bit scary but I'm not scared of death because I was in situations already where I faced it and was ready. Its just the not knowing for sure if I'll see my loved ones and if I'll get reincarnated for fucking this life up and having to come back. Mostly the not knowing. I'm not a believer in organized religion and god men living in the sky judging you.Fairytale shit. More of a spiritual person who basically believes we're part of the universe and its already inside us. We just return home. I also wish in a way, one person could kind of  "be" with me right before. So at the end I didn't have to feel alone. Even if it was just a phone call. But,I know its selfish to put anyone in that position. I was going to try, as I have in times past, to see if I could make anything better. But this time? There's no turning back and I don't have it in me. I want to slice myself into pieces actually. But that's kinda messyI have started cutting again though. 

If anyone is listening plz pray to whatever or whomever you believe in for me to finally be allowed to be gone.