Failure in academiaHi, this is something I have been struggling with lately and it has pushed me into a very bad place.

I have been working on a study (student) for a while now and it was almost finished, when I suddenly realized I had made a terrible mistakes when revisiting data.

So a part of my study was interpretative and quantitative in nature, but quite simple (for anyone else I guess). It had several parts on it.

When I began doing it, I had no idea what to do, my orientation to it was also minimal (as I said, it’s a simple thing) by my supervisor. But I guess hubris is a thing and started working on it.

 (I had some very straining things in my life at the time going on as well, which contributed to me not being able to give my all to the project, but blaming everything on that would be a cop-out and I at least try to take responsibility)

So I did it the first time, spent a lot of time as well, although the sample size is small. 

And got results. After a certain amount of time, a feeling of uneasiness swept throught me and I revisited it and realised I had done it wrong. I tried to correct it and told my supervisor I had been wrong before. The new results were somewhat similar and I was relieved. 

Then, I did some subsequent parts without real findings, but found some interesting things. 

A lot of time later, I visited the data again and realised I had been wrong again and this put me in a really bad place. I quess I learned more during the time I was away from it. I contacted supervisor and she told me to fix it. I really shouldn’t have since I flew to overcorrection which also made the data wrong (I also didn’t even realise this during this time because of my mental state, only after... again). 

And when I realised what I had done, I contacted the supervisor once again and had to wait a while to get in touch with her. Meanwhile I checked everything else I had done and found more errors, mostly minor and thought-errors, but ultimately invalidating parts of my conclusion. This put me in a very dark place.

When I finally got to talk to her, I pointed all of the things I had failed and what was good and usable.

I tried to do the right thing by confessing my mistakes and I also left the research team as I realised this seemed impossible for me and realising how much of the advisors time I had wasted. She told me someone else would finish it.

 Now I spend all my time feeling extreme guilt over her used time, the money used (not much) and what would have happened if this was published. As well as still not being sure what the final finding would be. What if it is opposite from what I found?

This thing has dragged for a long time because of my incapability. And has put me in a very bad place, because I thought I had found things that weren’t there. So much time wasted. This has completely destroyed my self-confidence as well. I might be good in some things, but this was a terrible fit for me. I didn’t learn to do it right even though I did it many times. I also realised I must have confirmation bias since the first correction. This deepens my guilt way further. I have tried to apologize and take responsibility for my continued fuck-up, but the guilt that comes with foresight and seeing how wrong I constanly was, is destroying my life.