This is not easy for me, at all.Sorry in advance to anyone that makes it thru this wall of text, this is the first time I've opened up in my entire life and REALLY sorry if I shared too much of myself but it needs to get out and I can't look anyone in the eye while I admit some of this.

I am 31 and although I have people around me like a little family and no true friends (distanced myself from the ones that lie or became junkies or both) I am alone and very much broken.

The reason I am alone is kind of simple, the people in my life do not really know me. I've hid my shame and my sadness from everyone my whole life and quite honestly I am incapable of doing so any longer.

I'm the youngest of 3 (by nearly 10 years) and the only son. My two older sisters really are something to be proud of. Smart, loving, married with beautiful families. They had very good childhoods from all accounts. Then their is me. The now grumpy screw up that never moved out after his dad died (lung cancer).

All I ever wanted was to be the loyal son that carried on the family name with pride and success. However it is very hard to be loyal to alcoholic father who would quite frankly take all his hate and frustration out on his only son with some really bad beatings saying stuff I don't want to repeat.  Mom never intervened (although she now admits she wish she did), sisters were oblivious to most of it and to this day think it wasn't so bad. well, what they saw (which was not much being in college and out living life). 

I can't remember the early parts of life without the beatings and hate talk and it went right up to the end of his life, that was 1 month before I was done high school. It messed me up, he was a BAD drunk but friends and neighbors never knew it. He was funny, nice and entertaining to them and a rage monster at home. I get sad thinking how much I grew to hate him after he died but what happened, happened. He was our own dr jekyll and mr hyde. It's bad and I could write forever about it but I won't.

The other issue is the hardest thing to tell anyone but here it goes. I was circumcised at birth b/c the shit doctor told my parents it had to be done for my health and well being (lie). They didn't question it and the butcher went to work. It's bad, I've had pain my whole life and it only got worse as I got older and grew a bit. FAR too much was taken. Scars, pain, bleeding, deformity and mental distress was given in return. This paired with very low testosterone made growing up and somewhat developing a living HELL. 

So all I ever wanted out of life, was love. And all I was conditioned for was anger and solitude.  Building relationships fails b/c of my trust issues and my physical one. I was always a "very cool guy" from what people have told me but due to the years of living with all of this  I have started withdrawing myself from friends and family, I think it's b/c I despise myself so much I just don't care to be around happy people anymore. Especially happy people that I grew up surrounded by. I've also let my weight go over the past few years and just stopped caring about myself. 

I hate myself, a lot. Nobody hates me more than myself. Not even my father could win on this.

I live with my mom, I pay my bills and mortgage on this house. But now I'm out of work on top of it all.  I can't explain clear enough how many times I reached out for help from my folks only to be ignored, lied to, and beaten.  How being butchered at birth ruined any chance of real happiness. What the fuck did I do to warrant any of this shit?

There is soooo much to tell, so many years of pain, a few nervous breakdowns,  an absurd amount of self hate, so much time alone and so much more to come.... Or not.  It's why I'm here, now.

  31 years is a long time to suffer in the dark.  I have hit my lowest point and truly, honestly wish to die. I don't believe in a god and yet I find myself praying at night to die in my sleep.

 The only reason I haven't done anything myself yet is b/c I can't do this to my mother. She thanks me all the time for being in her life and that makes it very hard.

However I don't think that even matters now. I am broken inside and out, miserable and doomed for a life alone. Every day is worse than the one before.
 
 They say in poker you have to play the cards your dealt. I want to fold....