Sixteen's too youngI can't deal with it anymore.

I've been cutting on and off for a while now, much more frequently over the past week. I have a box of razors/blades that I use whenever, the most frequently-used being that of a pencil sharpener.

My social life is shit, my family won't listen and doesn't care... None of my friends care, don't want to hear it, 'get over yourself, it doesn't matter'... No one understands how I feel and no one wants to listen. I've confronted the counsellor about it only to get back 'It's probably just hormones.'

A few weeks ago I got told to kill myself. To be fair she was drunk (Queen's Night) but even so I immediately thought 'no problem'. That was the first day I tried burning. Not that I'd do it again, it was a really bad experience, but it still kinda put things in perspective for me.

When I was younger I had some fucked-up things happen to me and I've never really been able to get over them. My friends from my childhood all hate me and don't care to inform me what I've done wrong. Only 'I hate you,' 'fuck off', the usual.
 
But I'm indifferent to so much of it. I just react with a monotonous 'whatever' and move on. But that's my reaction to *everything* and I hate it. I'm an asshole to my friends now because my brain's wired so that 'Oh, if that person was mean to me then I can be mean to them! Solves everything, right?' My mind's been warped by this place so much that I've destroyed more than a few friendships.

And I hate it all because I *want* to be social. I love talking, it's my favorite thing to do, and I wish that I could do that without freaking out other people or getting weird looks. But the only people who actually listen are the friends who are going through the same thing, and even then they don't really get it. 'Just don't think about it and you'll be fine.'

Yeah, as if.

I downed a bottle and a half of sleeping pills last night in a first attempt but my body rejected it. I spent the rest of the night lying on the bathroom floor retching and spasming, vomiting in the toilet, crying my eyes out until the tears stopped flowing. Now I have a splitting headache and I'm miserable, and my parents dragged me down the stairs this morning to get my out of bed because I was 'being lazy.'

I don't know whether I need someone to tell me why not to kill myself or someone to vent to, but I feel like at least one person deserves to know exactly why all this has been going on.

I'm going to try again tonight. Pills, bleeding out, I don't care. I'm just so fucking done with life and trying to *be* someone. It's just become too much for me.

UPDATE: Obviously I didn't succeed... Not only that, my parents found out about everything through one of my 'friends'.