Tired and lonelyI wouldn't be here if this weren't a chronic problem in my life. Starting in grade school, I would try to make plans with friends to go and see a movie, or just hang out and play video games. They would get the okay from their parents, and everything would be set up and ready to go. Then, the night before, or, more often, the day of, they would call me and tell me that something else had come up, that they wouldn't be able to make it. It happened frequently. I believed them at first, that maybe something really had come up, but after it happened so many times, I knew they were lying. There came a point where I just couldn't take the lies anymore, and would always run back to my room to just sit and brood, or cry. My Mom would try to comfort me, but gears were being put into motion.

Fast forward to high school. After my experience the last year or so of grade school, I became more or less completely withdrawn from my peers. The few friends I had from grade school branched off into their own cliques, forgetting about me, but always smiling at me in the hallways. I made one friend during my freshman year, let's call him 'john' we seemed to get along fairly well for a short while. The first time he came over to visit me at my house, I allowed him to use my computer. He decided to search the history and ask me about 'certain' websites. I made up an excuse, and nothing else was said. Later that evening, we both went to a school-sponsored dance. He didn't hesitate to mention those websites to other people, including the people I went to grade school with. He was putting me on the spot as if I were the only living human being that had ever watched porn online. I spent the night at his house, and went back home the next morning. I arrived home, turned on my computer, and found that it had been locked with a password. Which I didn't set. He denied setting a password. Two days later, he gave me the password. 

Fast foward....again, to November 2008. I hadn't heard from 'john' for a while. Things were looking up for me, I had just started my first (and so far, only) relationship. Around this time, 'john' began contacting me again. I kept my distance. About a year later, I had to have my wisdom teeth removed. I received the standard percocet/ibuprofen cocktail, but the surgeon was so good that I only needed to take a couple of the percocets. 'John' asked if he could come up and hang out for Halloween. My boyfriend didn't want to do anything, and encouraged me to spend some time with 'john'. So I offered to host. 'John', my boyfriend and I all had breakfast the next morning, and 'john' left shortly thereafter. My boyfriend and I went to my room to spend the day together, as we normally would. We played video games most of the day, until I got a headache in the evening. I opened my nightstand drawer, where I had left my unused percocet and ibuprofen. When I opened the drawer, only one prescription bottle was inside. I asked 'john' if he had taken the percocet. He vehemently denied it, and asked why it was such a big deal if I didn't need them. About a week later, yet again, he relented, and confessed to having stolen my bottle of painkillers. I could've reported him, but I couldn't bring myself to derail his plans (he was in college, as well). He offered to mail them back to me. Never received them. About a year later, my boyfriend and I broke up. Badly. It was the first night I seriously thought about harming myself. I hinted to this in my final conversations with my ex, and he called the police. I voluntarily went with them to the university hospital. I was discharged a few hours later, the doctors felt I wasn't a threat to myself, that I was just going through a brief emotional breakdown. Despite the doctor saying that he would call a cab to pick me up and take me back to my apartment, since it was snowing outside, I walked back to my room, only to sit and brood and cry as I had all those years before.

Fast forward...once more, about three or four years later. I have no friends, my co-workers are condescending and like to make plans to do something after work right behind my back without ever inviting me, I've been putting up with all of this for so long, that I feel emotionally detached from even my parents. I think my emotional wall could rival China's Great Wall. 

Every time I find someone that I feel like I can take one or two bricks off the wall, and we make plans to meet for dinner, I get that same familiar message: "I can't make it." No other explanation. Just a short text message. I used to cry after these rejections, but I've gotten to the point where I've come to expect it. I feel empty and hollow for a few hours, but I eventually stabilize and move on.

Problem is, my emotional detachment becomes worse each time this happens. My parents have noticed, my grandparents have noticed, the rest of my family has noticed. During the holidays, instead of sitting in the living room with the rest of the family, I'll sit alone in a room, using my laptop. No one even really bothers me anymore. Like I'm not even there.

I've been going to a doctor regularly now since the last time I seriously thought about harming myself, after talking to a guy for a month or so, having a successful first date and a nice second date, only to be friend-zoned after the third. I checked the little box on the new patient questionnaire next to 'suicidal ideations'. She has diagnosed me with moderate anxiety with depressive tendencies and severe agoraphobia. I have since been on four different medications: Prozac, Lexapro, Buspar, and now Effexor XR. She also gave me a script for Xanax, which seems to be the only medicine that helps me, but she doesn't want to keep me on it for too long, lest I become dependent. 

A week or two ago, while my family was having a cookout, laughing and talking, with me holed up in my room, as usual. I had made plans earlier that week to meet yet another person, who seemed particularly excited to meet me, only to be turned down. I snuck into my Dad's room (he had been in a car accident years ago, and has all kinds of painkillers, and whatnot) and decided to take about 300 (10x30) mg temazepam, and a handful of 10/325 percocet. I swallowed it all down with alcohol, since I'm aware of the interaction between benzos, alcohol, and opioids. Just before everything kicked in, I remember Dad yelling at me, asking where his sleeping pills went. I just ignored him. Everything after that was a blur, I woke up the next afternoon, in my bed somehow, feeling like I had slept for an entire week.

I guess the point of my entire life story is that I feel like I am the human embodiment of the plague. I feel like I'm doomed to be alone for the rest of my life, with a few blips on the radar, but nothing serious. I'm afraid I'll wake up tomorrow and be 45, living alone in a small apartment, browsing craigslist or okcupid before heading off to my dead-end job where my coworkers act the way they always have towards me. I feel like the clock has started ticking, and it's only set to last another year or so.

My doctor keeps urging me to see a psychiatrist, but with working part-time, and going to school full-time, I can't afford to pay the $50 copay on a regular basis. I'd rather just pay the $25 copay to see a GP and try every pill under the sun to see which works best.