Just wanted to say, theres always a light at the end of the tunnel.I was 18, still doing homeschool , just lost my very good paying job as a Car tech for Honda, girlfriend at the time was draining me due to the fact i spoiled her when i had my job prior, and most of all an overbearing mother. I wanted to party, drink, pop pills and just be a teen since my whole life I've worked, i used drugs and alcohol as crutches because of a prior break up that left me in the mental ward from my first attempt, to sum it up, life was bad but things couldnt get worse right? Mother kicked me out, took my car that i had paid on since it was bought due to it being in her name so i honestly had nothing. All of my money was drying up due to bad spending habits and my Adderall/MDMA addiction and i had no where to turn. A friend told me i could move in with her, rent free until i got back on my feet, which i thought would be great, my own place where i could make the rules right? Me and her starting partying every night, i was drunk nearly everyday or high on something but i felt like i was untouchable. Had a close friend who slid up on my Snapchat one day and she asked me if i was alright, up until then i thought i was. She told me the cold truth. I had thrown away all responsibility and it wouldn't last forever. After 2 months of being jobless, i finially got called back and got a job making 8 an hour stocking produce, was a 3 minute bike ride from my house to, so life was really looking up for me. Then it all happen. The girl i had been living with, her mother cut her off and suddenly i was starving due to my check being held, i couldn't make rent until after it was due but hey, i could pay it next week, id be alright, then the bombshell hit, she had lied about being an RN, she was in the same boat i was in but she had a high school diploma and i was a drop out. She decided to move out, and with me not being on the lease, i had to find somewhere to live too, in only 15 days. While she was in florida on vacation, me and my other roommate were asked to deep clean the house for the landlord to come by and do his inspection, so thats what we did, for two days straight. We expected him to get there, we talk to him, show we are both responsible adults with jobs and maybe get the lease signed over, instead it wasnt an inspection but he was showing the house to new tenants and due to how my female roommate was torwards him, he wouldnt even speak to us. I felt defeated, like i had no backup plan. My other roommate who had helped me clean had already packed all of his things, he was about to leave and move back in with his dad and i was going to end it all once he left. Instead, he stayed with me, he got me to call my dad, who was over the top happy that i wanted to move in with him, so my roommate helped me pack and i got out of there. Since then, ive been going to work, still unpacking my room at my dads, but most of all, i was happy. That house was toxic for me and i didnt even know it. Ive actually felt happy for once in a long time. Im on the road to get my diploma, my job is going great, im looking at paying cash for a car within the next 2 months and im not depressed. Guys and gals, anything is possible, bad things happen but with time and planning, you can change the outcome. I want to thank everyone here for everything, long time lurker, but your words truly helped me move through alot of depression. Also clean from booze, i do still take adderal but in much smaller amounts now, and I've cut mdma out completely as that was a huge mental drain as well. Much love everyone, the end isnt always the end. 