I need somethingWell I'm a 22 y/o virgin that has never had a job a girlfriend 2 twice divorced parents (I don't talk to my dad any more and my ex step dad was an abuseve alcoholic) with a 7th grade education. My mom asked me if I wanted to be home schooled cause I was doing so bad. I was 13 so of course I said yes what 13 y/o wants to go to school she has a full time job so there was no one to make me do it so I didn't. It was awesome for the first 3-4 years then my friends started to stop hanging out and my last real life friends life was about as messed up as mine moved on. So for the past 8 years I've been sitting at home playing games to avoid the ever building anxiety that I would have to face and grow up(btw I love my mom shes nice she has her moments a lot cause of stress raising three kids mostly by her self) I've been able to just avoid it until a week ago I woke up with a really loud ringing in my right ear I though It was just ear wax which I had to have cleaned out before. Nope turns out I have Tinnitus which has no cure or surgery (and is really common about 10% of people have it in varying degrees mostly older men) to torment me for most likely the rest of my life. They gave me cheap antidepressants but those could take weeks or months to effect me(what's the point???). No one knows how depressed I really am. The only reason I think I've made it this far is cause my mom had some ambien and zzzquil to let me sleep but now those are gone it's hard to sleep 2-3 hours. When I'm awake it drives me insane it's like someone scratching there plate in your ear 24/7 my mom thinks I'm just being dramatic cuase she works at an ENT so she has patients that come in all the time with it but she doesn't under stand how loud mine is. I've only though about killing my self a couple of times but this time it's actually scaring me how serious I am. The only reasons I haven't done it cuase of the guilt I would put on my mom(but I'm thinking that if do it atleast I won't be a burden or worry her anymore) I'm a pussy but I don't know how long that will last.

 I don't know what to gain from this, I might not even read it again. Thanks in advance if I don't....sorry for the grammar.