Welp shitHey guys and gals, hope everyone’s doing better then me. I got around to making a throwaway for this kind of stuff and frankly I’m starting to think I should have made this sooner. It’s great being able to throw around my thoughts with no connections (hopefully). Either way to the point (sorry for weird mobile formatting).

Compared to some of the people here, I was doing pretty good when I started to decline. My mom was pretty poor but my dad supported her and everyone was happy. She somehow noticed me being off before I learned that myself, and she was concerned. Well I figured it out and me being a manipulative liar convinced her that I was just trying to push her away, which wasn’t that helpful in hindsight.

Fast forward a couple months and I moved in with my dad, leaving her pretty much alone with a fucking cat at her friends house because child support is a bitch and she can’t even get a job that pays for rent because she’s not technically supposed to be in the United States. My dad still helps her, and her friends and clients are helping her all the time with having a place to eat and sleep (she cleans houses if it matters). She’s fine, but the cat came over to me because she can’t pay attention to it working 2 1/2 jobs (the cats sleeping on my chair as I type). Either way between all that my general mood went from bad to worse. I played the ‘silent guy who loves listening to music’ for a year in high school, didn’t really make friends I can talk to seriously. My grades were okay, fell off pretty steep later because I was feeling worse but still passed. Now we’re at somewhere around February 20-somethings of this year. I felt terrible to the point where I didn’t want to eat, play games, talk with older friends (I fucking love my friends at my old school and the ones in Florida) or really do anything besides listen to music and stay in bed. I wasn’t a stranger to having to lie and take a few hours to think, but this lasted 3 days. I faked illness for another 3-4 days and started to think about what the hell I was doing. I was pretty much just going about doing nothing to make myself better, when I used to love doing different things to broaden horizons (sorry if this comes off assholeish idgaf). That’s when I truly started to consider suicide and all the details around it. I got around to finding a place to hide a notebook, convinced my dad to get me a candle for my room (him and my stepmom were clueless) and started looking more into different ways to off myself. In hindsight the feeling was like being completely fine with the possibility that I would go to an afterlife and see my family and friends grieving. I started to look up stuff that probably has me on a list (how dangerous is an idle car in a garage, if adrenaline would numb pain from getting cut etc) and I stopped thinking about the if and went for the when. I decided that I would make it through until the summer, have fun with friends, (the weird thing is that my friends see me as the funny guy) and kill myself by putting a car in a garage and taking pills. Well guess what day it is? The only barrier I see is what I could do if this shit wasn’t so intrusive. My plan was to have fun in school, join the military and improv past there. I’m trying to read more, learn a third language, start to box, try to get a girlfriend, etc but thats 30% of me. The other 70% stops caring about all of that  and just copes by listening to music and flips coins to see if I should razor my arms (so far I’m 3 for 3 tails). I figured out that to suppress that asshole that’s slowing me down I have to relax, play games and listen to music, then there I can mess around and have laughs. That’s it, that’s my freaking solution and it’s not exactly sustainable. 

I’m not sure what I’m trying to do writing this, I don’t feel like dying tonight but today has been a more clear-headed day then usual. Maybe I’ll show someone this post or someone can share what silences their inner demon, thanks yall for reading.