I just need someone to talk to... a chance to breatheEach day the thoughts, the plans get more vivid, as it comes closer to the holiday season, as my calender marks another, day,  another year where my physical health continues to fail me, taking my mental health with it. 

I have a clearer plan every day, but equally I see little parts of me trying to fight it. Find any distraction. 

The problem is I've pushed almost everyone away. I've watched their lives get better infinitely since being free of me, genuinely... But I do like talking to people. 

I just need a focus, and anyone left who can talk to me (immediate family mostly) wants to talk about my health, emotional or physical and WILL NOT listen to my pleas to do otherwise. Or worse they want to promise (without any grounds) that I'll get better... 

It's an empty promise, not backed up by any medical findings... and I get that you say that to loved ones because you just do, because even if their quality of life is shit, and they're miserable, family are accustomed to your being around, and society tells us we can't encourage suicid So we lie to people, often times offering empty promises, because most people don't know what else to do..

In amongst them and my realities I'm trying to busy my mind until I can amore y least sort out my Will and get a more cetain plan in place. I also don't want to be the selfish prick who takes the holidays from people by killing myself during that time. 

So my mind just needs a rest from the thoughts, prescription drugs and alcohol (even though I hate drinking I've tried to use it to numb me..), and counselling lines seem genuinely geared towards making things worse, even if you beg them to speak of something else for the exact purpose of getting a break from suicidal thoughts..

I don't know where to find physical/mental health free chat opportunities. I used to be creative, known as a good gift give with clever ideas, i
I try and interact with those on r/giftideas but the back and forth is seldom. I check r/tattoos constantly hoping someone will want help brainstorming ideas for their next piece as I used to love tattoos, but more so just helping people generally. 

Yet, I'm trying to stay away from subs where people need emotionally intensive assistance because I know I can become too involved..as before I got sick I largely existed for others who were very ill emotionally and physically and needed my care... But I also avoid it because I'm not who I used to be, I'm bled dry and I don't trust myself to be good enough to give good advice on *really* imporant things. 

I just miss the back and forth of anything but this and the subs feel..."at home"/that do offer that distraction don't need me. 

I'm sorry for wasting peoples time. Like most things depression related there probably is no answers, and consequently what this comes down to is just an incoherent rant from someone going to bed each night pleading for death. 

