I should be the best at what I do. I'm disappointed in myself.My last suicidewatch post didn't go well.  I'm still a ticking time bomb.

I try learning new things for Information Technology.  But nooooo, I wasted my time of 3 fucking years of fucking around with a homelab I don't even use instead of focusing on papermills for a paper of a Bachelor's.  I spend my days and nights reading technology guide after guide. I wonder what's the point if employers want people with the stupid piece of paper.  I'm fucking disgusted by the lies that they think they know it all, fake it till you make it bullshit, social networking, and god fuck it all at least going somewhere unlike me.  Then they get a job where they want to work.

I burnt my only bridge because I was too proud by saying I could've gotten a scholarship from the NSA.  One fucking bridge at a community college with no fucking other bridges.  Noone wants to hire someone that "can" put in backdoors! Oh no, god forbid I do that!  Cybersecurity my ass, there's worse things to worry about than a backdoor.  No, instead of a helpdesk internship at $BigHospital, I have to work at McD with a fake smile for middle class folks who are concerned about what goes into their french vanilla iced coffee.

I'm starting to fail more classes than I am passing.  Why does depression do this to me?  Since I'm failing classes, it's getting harder for me to transfer to a university for job aspects.

I have a leatherman, why don't I just slit my wrists?  I want to break my window.  I want to destroy the $750 lab I have because it's fucking useless.  Useless, I don't even turn it on anymore.

Fuck it, lurking won't help anymore.  I quit.  That's all I do anyway, noone cares if I show up or disappear.  Lurking a sub full of weebos and middle aged men is great because it's the only thing I look forward to every friday since it's almost like getting to know how a friend is doing.  But I'm fed up, and fuck the weeabos since they're having a party by themselves and fucking shipping and fan fiction.  Is that the kind of people I should be with?  If I don't fit in with normal people or outcast people, then I go by myself.

Why should I care about other people?  Why don't I just start making viruses and not POCs, fucking up websites and not submitting bug bounties (i don't care about money), and terrorizing the Internet? Fuck the script kiddies who want a name, I'd burn everything down if I could. I could've gotten a scholarship from the NSA.  At least I know I shouldn't end up like Unabomber, I realize how similar we are.  For me, control over technology as it takes over our lives.

Noone cares I'm learing about high availability, or Linux, or Powershell, or about CCNA, or what is storage, or distributed systems, or full stack for web applications, or accounting, or business intelligence, or data science, or cryptology, or GRC, or web development so I can get into cybersecurity, or god fuck it all I can't even list what I should know.  Noone cares unless I know the right person or have a fucking piece of paper.  I want to push myself.  Take pride in my own work.  Fuck that.  Jack of all trades, master of none.

I'm disappointed in myself.