Please help, my step mother admitted to having suicidal thoughts.My step mother has just told me she wanted to kill herself. And I don't know what to do.
Recently, I could tell some things were wrong in the relationship between my father and her.
There were as an argument that shook the house late at night, my step mother began to sleep downstairs on the sofa.

I knew something was wrong. I thought this would all work out eventually. As this isn't the first time a problem has occurred between them. But no this was bad. Lately I could tell she was upset throughout the days I was with her.
But at my own stupid fault I ignored it, thinking it would just blow over.

My father is constantly at work, and she is mostly left alone with her two young children. On the days me and my brother come, we just stay upstairs or stick to the PlayStation. We don't really spend any time with her, as we are just teenagers wanting to be left alone. 

But yesterday, she started to tell me things how she wished I would grow up and get a house so she could live with me as she hated it here. I kinda brushed it off. But later on in the day when I had just finished eating, she came in and had got some food for herself. As I was about to leave she told me to sit down with her, so I did. 

We started talking, and I asked what had happened between my dad and her. She began to talk about how people were selfish and eventually said that she sometimes thought she should just kill herself. I rushed to her holding tell her not to think such thoughts and how everything is going to be OK. 
 
I held her hand and told her not to worry, how everything was going to work out. I asked what really happened. She began ot tell me how she put trust in another family of ours. Talking to this person all the time but the person was recording their conversations. I don't know what she said, but I know when my dad found out he wasn't happy. And that's what probably struck the argument earlier. 

My dad even took her phone off her, and now all she does these days is sit at home with nothing to do. 
She then told me how she wanted to learn how to drive but my dad wouldn't let her. I don't know if any abuse has happened but I wouldn't be surprised. 

As my father did use to beat up my actual mother. 
I love my step mother, as she was a mother for me when my own mother couldn't be one. I stook with her throughout the rest of our conversation and we even did some puzzles together. I even checked up on her before I went to sleep.

And now I'm scared of what to do and how to help her, I'm definitely going to try and stick with her tomorrow. But I soon will have to go to my actual mothers house for a couple of days. And then she will be left alone again. I don't know what to do form here. I wanna help her and I don't want to lose her. 
Could someone please advise me on how to help her.