I almost died yesterdayI'm 17 and I turn 18 later this month. I've first had suicidal thoughts in the 2nd grade or 3rd grade and by middle school it had gotten so bad that I missed so much days of school (partially because I'd walk to school, get to the door, and then walk home.) It was bad then but I would comfort myself with the thought that by the time I'm 18, i'd be happier even if it's just slightly. But here I am, 20 days from my birthday and a whole lot worst. I just didn't think my life would turn out to this.

My extended family on my mother's side is emotionally abusive and when we finally moved away from them three years ago I thought it would be better (we used to live in a small apartment with them so it was like 8 of us in three rooms). But my mother had a baby two years ago and my mother needed a babysitter, so my grandmother came to stay with us. Most of my childhood trauma at home is at her hands. The baby is almost old enough that he doesn't need her to babysit by then I learned my mom was pregnant and she had a baby a few days ago, cementing my grandmother in my life forever. We have a very bad relationship. That turned sour when I refused to let her treat me how she does any longer. And escalated this pass January when she came at me with a knife threatening to kill me. I'm sure my mother knows but she doesn't care in the slightest. I've have always been put last in our family so I'm not surprised. I have three brother now, the two babies and a middle schooler. The middle schooler would always taunt me with the information that I'm unattractive, have no friends, fat, and don't know my dad. All of my brothers are my half siblings, I have a different dad, who has never cared enough about me to call. So my brother reminds me almost everyday as if my mind doesn't remind me enough.

But for years, all of this has been mounting on me. My grandmother, the rest of my maternal family who has never been nice to me, school bullying, social isolation, my mother, my father, and my brother all had been pushing me towards a cliff. And it's not like I haven't tried to talk to my mother about this, the last time I have was about two years ago but she turned me away. I tried to tell her about my depression, anxiety, my attempts at self harm (in the past I've cut and starved myself). Growing up, classmates and my family members have driven me to hate myself, how I look, how I speak, and how I conduct myself. I started to see the tip of this cliff.

But I wanted to be better. I wanted to become a doctor and go to a good school and move away from my family. I graduate HS a few days ago in the top 10% of my class of 400+. And while that is an accomplishment, I guess. I didn't get into any of the schools I wanted to attend. I felt like all of that work I put in was fruitless. I didn't want to be up all night studying or doing homework while life was going on around me. I wanted to enjoy myself but I told myself it would all pay off when I get accepted to the school of my choice. I was wrong. I have to got to a local college and commute now. My college decision was made because I didn't want to bankrupt my mother who decide to have children now. And commuting to a college that is giving me all most a full ride is what I have to do. What makes it worst though is that my family uses this as excuse to demean all of my efforts over the years. It sucks.

So bad. This was the only good thing I had going for me.

But last night was pushed over the edge. When my mother went into the hospital to have her youngest, my grandmother and I go into a fight. And out of pure rage, I told her I hoped she died. She is one of the biggest reasons I'm unhappy and while I don't wished she died, I do wish she didn't live with me or just make like my father and disappear from my life. Apparently she went to her room and cried. I didn't know this until yesterday though (which was almost  a week ago). Yesterday night, I was feeling bit better, I took a shower and was going to watch a movie. But when I was in the shower, my aunt called my mother and told her what I said and that she cried. The minute I got out of the shower, my mother lost it on me. I said nothing but I was so upset. It felt no one cared about my feelings at all and I was supposed to care about everyone else's. She tried to kill me but I was supposed to care that she cried. While I was supposed to be focusing on school, I had to take care of my brother because my mother was working and although my grandmother came her to help out, she couldn't be bothered. They've demeaned me ALL OF MY LIFE but I'm supposed care about any one of them.

I just went down stairs and swiftly packed a suitcase and bag to leave and hide out at a classmate's house. My mother followed me in her car and forced me back inside. She took my phone and laptop and locked me out of my room. I then decided to swallow painkillers but before I could consume a lethal dose the middle schooler jump on me and shouted for my mother. Who in turn, ran out of her room and slammed my head on the couch forcing the pills out of my hands and mouth before i can swallow the rest. She flushed them and demanded to know who much I took. I didn't know but I know it wasn't enough but anyhow I just stayed silent. And she started to cry and for a second I mistake her of actually caring about me until she said, "Because of you, am I really going to lose the rest of my kids?" 

TO HELL WITH ME. She doesn't want me to harm myself so CPS can't take her youngest kids. That felt amazing to know. JUST GRAND,

Will CPS actually take away my younger brothers if I were to kill myself as a minor?

If so i can wait the 20 days until I turn 18 or go to the park where I can do it?

I've always thought about my mother and how she's feeling. Heck, that's why I decided to go to college locally so she doesn't have to give me anything. But she's never thought of me. And it's taken me so long- too long to realize it.

My only regret about trying to do what I did is that I think she might have hurt the newest baby trying to stop me. I think she was in her room holding him when she heard my brother screaming. I will never be able to forgive myself if anything happened to him because of what I tried. Anyhow, now I don't really see any other option for me. I feel like this needs to happened because I waited years to finally be happy and no progress has been made. I've just gotten worst. And now I'm racked with guilt because I want the baby to be okay and my mother won't tell me if he's okay. I can't believe what I've done.

I only got my phone back when my classmate sent the police my house because I never showed up at hers. My entire family knows now and hates me more than did before. And if the baby is hurt they'll never speak to me again. They don't really speak to me now anyhow.