(Update) Getting better. Went to see a new doctor today.Today I finally got to see a doctor. My girlfriend paid for me as I'm broken, and it was actually pretty good. Gonna tell my experience so you can say what you think on this approach. Dunno if it's allowed here, please feel free to delete this post if I break any rules; I just want to discuss what happened, because no one (neither my girlfriend, who were just pragmatic) listens. 

(This may be triggering for some people. Warning)

I told him everything. I mean, I kind distrust doctor and specially therapists because, well, they're not so smart and understimate most of people. But I never lie or hide something, it's easy for me to talk.

I spoke a little bit of my "old" cocaine habits (I'm clean for 1,5 months now), to which he said "yes, you're an addicted". I replied harshly: "what part of 'I stopped' didn't you get?", to what he said "even though you're not using the substance, your life is made by its effect: small, tasteful and intense bits of happiness, followed by a strong and last-long depression because of the recklessness. That's called hypomania. Every person in the world wants to live on their hypomanias if it comes without the side effects. But the side effects are still there, even if you say to me that you don't care about them, and they stack and grow up". I did not had an answer to that, and it made me reflexive.

After a while, he said "well, if you want to recover, you need to WANT to recover. Are you ready for that?", which I replied "sure, but I don't have WILL POWER for that". He then said "good thing you're not a child anymore and you don't have to be guided by your will, but by your needs. It's a fallacy that every human being depends on their will; instead, their will depends on them". I got speechless again.


I never was so harshly beaten up. I mean, I try to racionalize everything and this guy still got me twice. Maybe I respect him for doing that. He also didn't try and diagnose me as fast as he could; he said he got an opinion, but he'd only tell me with time. I did not feel understimated, but also respected.

He prescribed me some medicine, warning me that it would make it worst at first, but eventually and with time, I'd be recovered; "there's still hope, you just don't see it". 

I was closer to suicide than I thought, and today I didn't think about it. Started a routine and tomorrow will do some exercise. Things HEAL, I finally dared to see a light in the darkness. I'm almost crying of joy. 

Nevertheless, I want opinions. There were some time I didn't get to a doctor, so it may be some kind of placebo; maybe tomorrow things will blur up again. Am I overreacting, like cocaine-reacting, my consult?