Asperger's and the art of fucking up.Hello, I hope I'm doing the correct thing here. I feel very sad about something which I've never been able to understand. I still don't - not fully, anyway.

I have Asperger's syndrome. It was tough in little school. I was ostracised from every social group in my class, and hung out more with teachers than peers. Either that, or I spent time on my own, reading and writing. I had a bad temper and was prone to fits of tears which probably didn't help my social situation.

High school was a little better. I found a couple of friends. I didn't do much work - I found it uninteresting. I thought I did well on the social side though. I wasn't going to lots of parties, but I wasn't aware there were any on so it didn't affect me.

After four years, at the end of our finals, all the kids in my year sat in the main hall for a last assembly. There were approximately 180 students in total. Some went on stage and performed a play for us; some of the teachers did a funny sketch etc.

Some of the kids had arranged fun awards for the students. A bit like *'most likely to do such-and-such'*. The voting slips had gone around everyone in the year a few weeks earlier. Then the words came *'the award for worst attitude goes to... throwmethebaby!'*

I was shocked. I couldn't, and still can't think of what horrible thing I must have done to deserve that. I went up to collect my certificate - put on a little show of stamping my foot in jest - but wow, it was pretty painful.

It wasn't even just those three kids who had organised that bit. I had been voted into that situation by a whole year of students. The teachers had known about it - how could they let that happen?

10 years later I am sitting in bed, crying simply because I don't know what I did wrong. Crying because I feel so stupid for thinking that I had done a good job - for being **proud** of doing a good job - at socialising in high school, after making such a mess of it in little school, and finding out that I had, in fact, fucked it up. Crying because of all the difficulties I face in making friends, and wondering how many people I have unintentionally hurt over the years.

I wish I knew what I do wrong in these instances but I don't, and I'm sure there have been many more since then. The sad thing is that I don't think I will never be able to figure it out, because people don't want to 'hurt my feelings' by explaining my mistakes to me. They won't tell me that I've hurt them or give me some constructive criticism. No, they either ignore my calls or do some passive-aggressive (and humiliating) bullshit like the above. So many times that I have been shouted at in public by a friend and not understood why.

There is little point in being alive if I am doing harm - it is against my ethics.