Seeing the point-of-no-return for what it isThe road to this point was a long one. Looking back, I can see the mistakes and notice the signs. Dodging potential challenges, avoiding opportunities, squandering chances, and doing whatever I had to do to avoid the less savory aspects of life can only lead you so far, and that road only forks in so many directions. Eventually, those aspects take form and catch up to you, whether you want them to or not, and you have to deal with them eventually.

Suffices to say, this isn't a high point in my life. I dodged academic opportunities in high school, I bailed on college, I squandered a year of life in cheap, temporary pleasure, and now the road is running out. My debts are being called in. My financial future is already in ruins, and things only get worse with each passing day.

I sit now in the room from my childhood simply passing the time idly. I sat and wasted away while my friends lost interest, while my family avoided the subject, and while things got worse. I was right here when the only source of income my family had was stripped away, and I am here now waiting to see the small and fragile world created by these four walls implode under the forces of the outside world. Even if homelessness or starvation or illness without care are still distant threats, their looming shadows are already starting to bear down.

The worst part of the whole ordeal is that it would have been so easy to prevent. I won't go into the details here, but, regardless of the circumstances, I am at fault. My situation is of my own making, and, standing at the edge of the abyss, it's impossible not to grasp that fact, so there's no point denying it.

I'm not sorry. I never have been. There's no point in trying to deceive anyone, not even myself. I don't know what's wrong with me. I could list several different forms of mental problems. Depression, anxiety, you name it. Looking at things in retrospect, things are muddled. I lied. A lot. I abused and manipulated social situations to my own personal gain. I prayed on, and still pray on, the kindness and charity of others, yet there were times where I did the opposite. Times when I honestly wanted to help and did so or was altruistic, though those times were long ago. Trying to think about it now, I only get confused. Am I the sort of man that would dive in front of a bullet for another person, or am I the type that would be firing it? Seeing yourself from both perspectives and honestly thinking that either could work is a frightening proposition. I just don't know anymore.

I definitely have considered suicide. I have all the reasons in the world to do it, and I could easily list them off. I have a few reasons not to, but those get less and less powerful the further along I go. Could I turn things around? Maybe, but I can't get there and I don't know how. Even now, I shirk responsibilities and rationalize away any positive actions. Does that mean that I don't want to be saved? Maybe. I just don't know anymore. The only thing I do know is that I won't tolerate any serious suffering. Call me selfish or cowardly or whatever. I won't be the panhandling homeless man. If the situation gets to that point, nothing will stay my hand any longer. If I'm going to pull through and find the way back, I have to do it and soon, before it's too late.

To responders: Any advice, thoughts, or any comment whatsoever is fine and will be read and appreciated, and I'll respond if I can.