Long-term physical struggles with devastating fatigue. What should I do?For many years I've suffered from debilitating fatigue, numbed out from reality, headaches, visual disturbances, brain fog, constant feelings of terror, altered and enhanced vision and hearing, hyper-awareness, buzzing sensations, stuck thoughts, inability to sleep, stomach nausea, feeling tightly strapped to my own body and other things.

I started my newest medication (Ritaline) this morning and nothing’s changed, even though my contact nurse confirmed to me that the medication should kick in instantly. Given the nature and severity of my condition and symptoms and the lack of response to previous medications (anti-depressants and anti-anxiety meds), I am not surprised. I have absolutely no energy to do anything. I’m stuck the whole mornings in my bed like a stone. It’s like my brain has entered a permanent state of hibernation and only does the bare minimum needed to survive, while shutting down everything else. I’ve sought help for a number of years before, and had another doctor who was entering retirement. I now reportedly have the best doctor in my local mental healthcare facility but I am frustrated by the lack of knowledge shown by him about how to treat my condition and the waiting times. The only reason I was put on my current medication was because they were in the process of waiting for me to obtain my own residence and I e-mailed my doctor explaining my symptoms and that I had become fed-up, and he ordered a meeting a month later and he asked me what I wanted and I suggested this medication. I’m actually doubting my relationships with healthcare and my parents, thinking ”Are we from the same planet?”, ”Are they undermining my symptoms?”, etc.

The condition is most likely a somatization disorder since all medical tests have been fine. If this medication doesn’t work I feel very tempted to end it all because I can’t get a life and I can’t bear the pain any longer. I know what to do if I decide to end my life, and I can do it whenever my parents are away at work. Given everything as well as the length of my struggles (10+ years), I had hoped to be accepted into intensive care. I’m only 22 so I still have my life ahead of me. I know the inevitable follow-up: I will keep gradually increasing the dosage every week until we’re at the maximum dosage and nothing’s happened. I strongly suspect this medication won’t work either, although I truly hope it will.

What should I do if this medication ultimately does not work? File a formal complaint against (Swedish) mental healthcare and/or request to be accepted into intensive care? I told my mother about my suicide plan and she suggested holding out until I started this new medication. I’ve now also informed my contact nurse of my plan. I don't know why no medication has any affect on my body, but it may be because my brain is hibernating so much that it is simply not absorbing my stomach contents (my stomach is always very full) or because of the nature and severity of my struggles and condition. It also sucks being a victim of the poor Swedish healthcare system which has been heavily criticized in media and by top-level politicians. I am essentially fighting on my own since there's no medical test to backup my claims and there's no friend or a close one of mine who suffers from the same thing. I also don't like how my mother says I need to get "a little more energy", as though it's not so serious.