Facing a massive come-down in May that will leave me suicidal (again).I'm 24 now and I've been struggling with a handful of mental health problems for over a decade. Some of my greatest hits include: depression, anxiety, panic disorder, bipolar disorder, and anorexia. To top all that off, I'm also transgender, which doesn't help any of the above. 

In high school, I began having suicidal thoughts and made some suicide attempts. Over the past ten years, I've been medicated (I'm currently only on a benzo to control the panic disorder), I've been to therapists, I've gone through a few medical procedures to make it marginally easier for me to live as a trans person. I have a really stubborn nature and resist therapy because I feel like I get kicked around from doctor to doctor since my particular cocktail of illnesses is "too complex." A therapist learns I'm queer, they want me to go to a queer therapist. They learn about the anorexia, I suddenly need to get that taken care of. Etc. I'm not big on embracing my queerness as a major part of my identity, and consider my trans status to be something I just have to deal with throughout my life, so I don't really seek out support networks in the LGBTQ community. I've lived longer with an eating disorder than without one (it probably started for me when I was 8-9) and don't know what I'd do without that feeling of control, however false it is. I've reached an impasse with both of these things, and don't know what direction to take either situation in from here. At the moment, I don't have the time to take care of this shit anyway, so I more or less keep it on the back burner.

Since high school, this streak of perfectionism has dominated everything I've done. I told myself that, whatever I did, I might as well give up if I wasn't the best at it. I'm not competitive with other people, but I told myself that I expected nothing less from me than a perfect GPA, to be as good as the musicians and writers I admire, ridiculous shit like that. I was my high school valedictorian and went on to undergrad, where I graduated summa cum laude with two degrees and multiple merit awards for my extracurriculars and academics. I promise I'm not trying to blast my horn – I feel sad that this is how I've viewed my worth. I've literally told myself that if I don't perform the absolute best, I might as well be dead. If I let any of my issues "get in the way" of my "progress," I've failed. When I considered dropping out of high school to pursue inpatient treatment, this thought is what stopped me. When I wanted to withdraw from one particularly hard semester in undergrad to pursue treatment, same thing. When I drove myself into a really bad state while studying abroad for six months, I made myself stay in my program instead of flying home because I knew I'd view coming home to take care of my mental health as a failure. I think I've always put my work ahead of my well-being because I'm afraid to go down that road and realize that there are things I'll never be able to fix, and I won't be able to accept that lack of control. Being busy and constantly under pressure has been my way of distracting myself from everything that's wrong. It's been like this for ten years and I haven't known any other way of living (or being alive, rather).

Transitional phases are always the times where I contemplate suicide the most – right after the moments that should be the happiest ones. After graduating HS, before and after studying abroad, after undergrad, the breaks between semesters. But I've always somehow kept myself going with the knowledge that there is a logical next step in life: undergrad followed HS, one semester followed another. By the time I finished undergrad, I had secured a position, tuition-free, in an M.A. program at the same university, so that became the logical next step. Knowing that there was somewhere I needed to be, that this or that period of idleness (and what I considered to be "non-productivity" as opposed to decompression from the enormous pressure I put on myself) was going to end and I'd be busy again soon.

Except now that time is coming to an end. This semester, I'm finishing my thesis and preparing for my exams in the spring, and then that's it. I'm not pursuing a Ph.D. I have no idea what the next logical step is anymore. I'm paralyzed to move forward and have no clue what kind of job I want. I've watched both of my parents get beat down in life by having bosses and having to deal with the whims and moods of annoying-ass pushy people who control whether or not others deserve to have a job and how much they should earn and I don't know how to reconcile that reality of the job world with my sort of dreamerish desire to avoid that somehow.

What I want the most in life is to be a writer, to move to NY or LA (I'm in the US) and start to write, polish, and peddle my crap, something I've been apparently putting off because I need to focus on the master's degree. But, having watched my parents struggle with money my whole life, I also don't want to spend any more time than I already have being financially strapped. I have genuinely no interest in getting a Ph.D. in any field and feel like the jobs I want (museum work, cultural institutions, art galleries, editing and publishing) are insanely gate-kept. And, frankly, I'm just too exhausted and burned-out to push for those jobs. Essentially I'm just not passionate about anything except the one thing that isn't practical, but I know it's the one thing that will make me the happiest. At this point, I don't have the energy to be busy-disguised-as-happy anymore. 

I'm dreading the possibility that, the day after my graduation, I'll have no next step and will just be dragging around all these useless degrees in search of something that will make me happy. And I'm dreading that for the rest of my life the only thing currently guaranteed is that I'll be dragging around all these fucking conditions, too, until I finally do something about them (and who knows if I can??). 

Idk. I want to know what my personality is like without all these illnesses. I want to feel financially stable, mentally stable, I want to rest so badly. I'm afraid that when everything ends in May I'll have nothing but my shitty future to face, and I already know I'm going to want out. I don't think I'll be able to handle the reality of ending 10 years of intense-ass education and no longer having the excuse of "I'm too busy to deal with it right now." It's just gonna be me, another person with a master's and no job, and all my issues, and the awful voice telling me it's finally time to just die. I'm not thinking about it all the time because, surprise, I'm very busy, but the moments in-between are the ones where I do. 

I want to actually be happy. I feel fucking old – in the way that mental and physical illness ages you, not in this silly "old soul" way – and tired, and I don't want to spend any more time this way. I've flushed over a decade of my life down the shitter already and if this is how the rest of my life is gonna go, incompetent-ass doctors and self-sabotaging and the recover/relapse cycle, I don't want to live it. 

TL;DR – I'm an overachieving workaholic who has battled suicidal thoughts and multiple mental illnesses for years by distracting myself with academics. My years in school are finally coming to an end and I know the urge to attempt is going to hit me like a fucking train. 

(edited some grammar)