I can't fucking do this anymore. Long personal vent ahead, sorry. 

 My family cast me out a long time ago, before they even knew I was trans, or pansexual. My mom always told me that I was a mistake, and I know the story of how she tried to kill me when I was still inside her. Even with that, I still went to the hospital and fucking cried over her bed back in February. I sobbed while my brother and sister hugged me, because I thought my mom was fucking dying, even after all the horrible shit she did to me growing up. For a little context, she's diabetic, and her blood sugar was in the 700s when she was brought in.

 It seems like my girlfriend can’t even stand to spend time with me anymore, always pushing me off of voice chat as soon as possible. Sure, there are times when she’s sweet, and affectionate, constantly cooing about how she loves me and giving me compliments. But that just makes it hurt worse when she goes back to being so cold to me. I don’t even know what to say to her right now so I’ve kinda just not been talking to her today.  

My financial state is in the garbage. Sometimes, I just lay and cry over how I can’t afford both food and bills. Yeah, I have my papa to lean on during those times, but I can’t stand the fact that I have to do that at all. I just feel like I’m using him, and everyone around me.  

I feel like I just manipulate everyone into seeing someone that’s even worth loving or paying attention to. I don’t feel worthy of anyone’s time, really. And I know people love me. I know. But that just makes me feel even guiltier for making them see me as worth their love. I’m a fucking lying sack of shit who deserves nothing except maybe a pair of cement shoes so that I can go drown and quit being such a fucking nuisance. That’s all I’ll ever be to anyone in the end. Everyone I love leaves me, and i cant exactly say I blame them. I hold them back from everything, after all. They waste their time on me instead of someone else who could actually be good for them. 

I’m in so much fucking pain right now. Maybe tonight I'll have the courage to finally do it and put myself out of my pathetic misery after a few drinks. At least then people wouldn't have to deal with me anymore. I hope they just forget about me. My papa deserves a better son, my boyfriend and girlfriend deserve a better partner. Hell. I know a few people that will be happy to hear that I'm gone. So what's the point, anymore.