In a dilemmaTL;DR: I'm suicidal and I'm staying in a hotel with a balcony and I want to distract myself from jumping off

Sorry for wasting your time, I just want to get these nightmares out of my head.

I've been depressed for about 6 months now, but it's mostly mild; sad depreciating thoughts, a couple suicidal ones here and there, but nothing too serious. I've been depressed before (and came really close to an attempt) and recently it's been really bad. I've been having suicidal thoughts nearly every day and even came up with a plan to end it when it'll be too much to bear (but I haven't done the preparations yet).

These thoughts are mostly based on me being so useless. Most people have something they're known to be good at - drawing, playing a sport or an instrument, or  even something simple like being social. Meanwhile I realized I'm just really mediocre at a lot of things. I coped with this by masturbating, but lately I've started punishing myself

I've completely lost my will to live and just go to work every day hoping to be hit by a car, or be shot, or stabbed, or something. Whenever something (even mildly) humorous happens, I'll fake a laugh to hide my real emotions.

I don't even think anyone listens to me any more. Over the past year, my social anxiety has gotten worse; I've learned to completely avoid eye contact and I have trouble answering to simple questions from my coworkers like "How are you?" This has also led me to think that I'm aromantic and asexual, so I don't need to worry about *ever* being in a romantic relationship.

Other ways I've punished myself for these thoughts is forcing myself not to masturbate, self-harm, ruining my sleep schedule, and by taking ice-cold showers.

Here comes the real problem: My parents brought our family for a short vacation to celebrate their marriage anniversary. This seems like it should improve my mood, but I wasn't even excited when I heard it.

First of all, I cut myself for the first time yesterday and I can't hide it here where it's ~34 degrees C every day (can't wear long sleeves). My sibling cut themselves a while ago too, so my parents are bound to be on edge about this kind of thing.

More importantly though, the hotel room we're staying in is pretty high up and I'm seriously considering jumping off of it and ending this nightmare. Bonus if I do it at night when nobody's there.

This isn't exactly how I planned to go. My plan involved me doing it in the middle of nowhere, so people don't know what happened to me and slowly just forget I ever existed.

In any case, this feels too early, but salvation seems so close to me. I want to distract myself from this, just to postpone it so that I have more time to think about it

We'll be leaving in a week, so I'll try to update this post by then