What happened. ( continued from last post ).So as you may know, or not, if not who gives a fuck, I recently told my mom about how I was feeling suicidal, and the ongoing list of reasons why. 

I started off writing a letter, as said in last post, explaining that I was feeling suicidal. ( Note that my memory is that of a metaphorical goldfish since goldfishes actually have good memory ) 

Then my mom spoke to me about it. I’m not going to bore you with the details, but let’s just say I cried a lot. 

Then we went inside, we were previously in the garage, and talked a little more about it, eating my favorite food and just having a good time. 

Also, I didn’t go to school because I wanted to end it this morning, before I talked to mom. 

She also told me how she was and kind of still is suicidal, she does have both depression and ADHD after all. I probably do too. 

Then I talked to my dad. Well, more like my mom talked about it to him. I’d already taken all that time and tears. 

That’s basically what it was for today, but I cried more than I have in forever. Please, please open up to somebody about your feelings of suicide, please. It may feel like the worst thing in the world, but trust me, it’s feels so much fucking better after. Though I still am having thoughts of suicide even after talking out of it, can’t really stop that. 

I was reluctant at first to tell her. It’s so hard, and I bet most of you know that. But after, it was so fucking worth it. She helped me before I had planned a date, which I was really feeling this morning. 

Please, please get some help. Use these posts as an example of how you can get help. Hell, I was going as far to tell random strangers my problems before telling my mom. Even that helped. If you can’t afford therapy and your family and friends don’t give a fuck about you ( which fuck them, bitches for basically killing people ), know that this is a safe place. Random strangers tend to care more about you then you would think, and I know that. The number of times people have posted right before they killed themselves, is horrendous, and every time I felt like I had lost somebody I knew dearly. If your loved ones don’t give a fuck, random strangers can and will. 

**Thanks for coming to my Ted Talk**