I. Am. Nothing. I don't know what to do or how I got to this point. I'm so unbelievably lonely and I cannot stop crying.  14 months ago I moved to a new city to take the only job that was offered to me after a 9 month search. I have no friends here. I count down the days til my contract is up. Two hundred and sixty one. I feel like I have counted down every day of my twenties waiting for it to get better and then being forced to settle for whatever I can get.

I have an LDR boyfriend who is poly- whereas I describe myself as mono- (though I'm not sure if this is cause I'm really mono or if I can't even begin to imagine the energy it would take to meet and nurture a new relationship).  I have been his "primary" for 3 years and while to him that means I am the person he loves and cherishes most in the world, it makes me feel like his goddamn back up. Like home-base when there is no one else to play with. And I excuse it because I love him so much and I love how he makes me feel, but I also hate how he makes me feel. And I hate being alone. And I hate that I moved so far away and I hate that I feel like I had no choice but to move. I feel like I have to let him explore not just because of the poly-instincts but because I left and am not able to fulfill his needs from seven hundred miles away. 


I have tried meetups and hanging withe people from work and I just...I don't know how to deal with people I guess. I'm introverted. I don't gossip. I don't have kids or a husband. I am nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing and I fail at everything 

I mean nothing to no one. My few friends that I have I adore but they don't need me. They have friends in the cities they live in. They have significant others and jobs and hobbies.

I work. I work a lot. I work to fill in the hours between now and when my contract ends in August.  I work because its usually the only confirmation that I have done anything...worthless as it is on this grant project. Stupidcuntfucking project. Like anyone cares about digital papers from a hundred years ago. Like it FUCKING MATTERS! I'm not curing cancer. I'm wasting tax dollars that could be feeding/housing/employing people!

Lately work is bad. Real life troll in the next office who actually has no vested interest in this project has tried to dictate how to run it. Did I mention he knows JACKSHIT about digital humanities? That he can barely operate youtube!?!? He is constantly one me. Going into the sharefile and fucking with my files for giggles.  I have tried HR and my supervisors and their response is "Yeah...he is just that way." Right! HE IS THAT WAY. DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT..... they don't.

Work is no reprieve anymore. Nothing helps. I don't know what to do.

I'm started seeing a counselor last week but I'm not sure what that will do. It's not like she can save me from this hell I'm in. She is someone who listens. She is the only person who listens.

How did I become so worthless? I mean nothing to no one.I hate myself more than words can describe.  There is no happiness. There isn't even contentment. God. Please end my life for me. 