Lost in LifeI genuinely don’t know where I am in life and my purpose anymore. 
I’ve had counselling previously and life seemed to be getting better; I started making friends, getting good grades, started hitting gym, had a job. 
And then boom... like in a fraction of a second everything’s gone. I sometimes sit to myself and think if I want to live, and half of me is really low and says no, but then I just get these sudden jolts of confidence and purpose and know exactly what I want to do, and feels like there is no problem whatsoever.
It’s like when I’m around people I seem like a completely different person, almost as if have no issues, and people praise me for my confidence and how bubbly I am, but only I truly know how I feel from the inside.
I feel like I’ve let a lot of people down in life, and everyone expects so much from me, whenever I go to do anything people say “you’re going to be fine” “you’re going to ace it, you ace everything” and I feel this as a burden that everyone expects me to ace everything like my exams, my sports competitions...
I just don’t know if I can take it anymore. I feel like I’m worthless and I have just let people down, and in a few months time when my results are going to come out everyone is going to realise I was just a fraud and I’m truly useless. 
The worst thing is is that I don’t know if I can handle the embarrassment. I recently got rejected from a top educational establishment (not saying which one or what it is) in the world and that’s what I truly wanted to go to, and the truth is, 6 months on I still haven’t got over it and everyday it haunts me, seeing my friends (who I am very happy for, and not jealous in the slightest) achieving everything I’ve wanted to achieve whilst I’m sitting here just seeing my life fall apart. 
I’m very young but I don’t know if I can handle pain for any longer, but I also know I am too morally strong to harm myself, but I feel it is getting to that stage as for the last few months the thoughts cross my mind at least 5 times a day, and it isn’t uncommon for me to plan these things anymore either.