I am depressed for the dumbest reasons and I don't know what to do. Here's my story#wall of text incoming.

**EDIT: throughout my post, when I mention depression, I use the word "attack", such that it sounds like I am having a panic attack or something. It is more like a sudden intense feeling of sadness. just FYI.**

I really don't know how to explain it really. I don't want to make it sound like a sob story. 

It all started about a month ago. It was around my 18th birthday, and everything was going well i suppose. It was the winter break between my first and second semesters of college. At the time, I was sorta crushing on this co-worker of mine, who also happened to be dating some other guy. I'll get to the point. All of a sudden, for whatever reason, i experience a crippling surge of depression. No, it wasn't a panic attack; i know how those feel like. It was like an wave of sadness just washed over me. I remember feeling absolutely helpless. I thought about college, and how i *knew* i was going to fail somehow. I thought about the girl, and how i *knew* i was never going to be with her. I thought I was going to die alone, with nobody to love me and nothing to look forward to. At the time, I was still living with my parents, and I was in my room browsing reddit when it started happening. After the initial surge, i was frozen for a few seconds, closed and locked my door, and just laid down on my floor. No crying. I was just stuck there on the floor. I did not have to will to get up. The same thoughts ran through my mind: "Oh, why don't you just give up.", "She doesn't love you.", "You're going to fail in life and you dont care". That feeling of helplessness lasted for about an hour. After a while, it sorta kinda just went away and i went to sleep (because it was night). 

That was just the first of them. The depression attacks come and go for the next 2 months. Same exact situation as the first, but each one was always worse than the last. These are irrelevant to the most recent ones, however, so thats why i am only briefly mentioning them. Take note that during those two months, I never actually cried.

During those 2 months, I move out and get a car. blah blah blah. Then the next attack happened (about a week and a half ago). I was at in-n-out eating (in my car) my usual order (4x4 animal style with an iced tea) when, out of nowhere, I feel it again. Same as the last times, but for some reason, this was *intense*. Like, all of a sudden nothing in the world mattered anymore, yet at the same time, *everything* in the world mattered more than ever. It was worse than all the other attacks combined. The initial shock lasted a few seconds, then I just started sobbing. Intense thoughts about how terrible my life was flashed through my head. Now that I look back at it, it was sorta funny. I mean, there I was, sitting in my car, crying about life, taking bites out of my now-soggy hamburger. After I finish my burger plus a few more minutes of crying, a weird feeling pops into my head. It was more of a passive suggestion, like some small part of my brain came up with the idea and casually mentioned it to the other parts of my brain (sorry for the shitty personification). It was suicide. Of course, I didn't take it seriously. In fact, I thought it was funny that I thought of that and after a moment of pondering, I disregarded it. I don't know why, but after that moment, I sorta felt a little better.

A week passes before my next incident. I was in the parking lot of the restaurant I worked at (that my parents owned. I work there to help out) eating some hoagie that I got from a nearby convenience store. I think the fact that i was eating a sandwich both times is completely a coincidence. Anyway, this attack was not a bad as the in-n-out one, but it was enough to get me to cry again. I didn't think about suicide this time, i'm not really sure why. The only reason I am mentioning this is because it only lasted for about 10 minutes and then suddenly disappeared. After it was gone, I stayed in my car for a few minutes thinking, "what the fuck just happened??". The rest of the day is irrelevant.

Yesterday, I worked with that girl i was sorta crushing on. She was more talkative than usual and was really upbeat that day. She was really into our conversation. I should have mentioned this earlier but a while back, I overheard her talking to another co-worker, who is also my friend, that she was having problems with her boyfriend and that they always get into fights. Anyway, later on in our shift, she asks me to tutor her in physics, because apparently she says I am smart or something. She asked for my number and everything and we are meeting this Tuesday. I don't care how beta this makes me sound or how much you think I am over interpreting this, but that was the happiest I've been for a long long time. I was happy for the rest of the entire day. Later on my friend asks me why I am so energetic and I just smile, shrug, and crack some joke that i cant remember now.

Today. Oooh boy this is the kicker. The last brick in the wall. The dirtiest horseshoe of em all. You get the point. Once again, I was working with that girl, but for some reason, she wasn't interested at all. Or maybe she was. I really don't know, but in my mind, I interpreted whatever conversation we had today as meaningless to her. I was so stubborn. During our conversation, I felt super self-conscious. I kept on mentally criticizing myself for talking with a stutter. I even apologized for working so terribly today and made some excuse that I was feeling sick or tired. I didn't really think i did a bad job today (well maybe a little), but i just felt that I had to apologize for something. I didn't feel like I was in control of my emotions. Anyway, at the end of my shift, I say goodbye to all the workers and leave. I left the store with a weird feeling. Like i was dazed or something. I had to go to a study session with a couple of my friends who i shared classes with. (Don't worry, I was capable of driving) As I drove to my school, I kept getting sadder and sadder. Emptier and emptier. Time passes and I arrive at school, head to the STEM building to where I would meet my friends. Blah Blah Blah, and I meet them and we start getting to work. Although I did not. I just sat down and stared at my calculus textbook. I was completely frozen, absolutely crippled by my sense of helplessness. I did not feel time at all. I remember kinda popping out of my trance for a few seconds and I picked up my pencil as if i was going to do some work. I looked over to my friends and i think they were debating religion or something. I interrupt and ask them a question about some program our school offers, they answer, and I fall back into my trance. Later on my friend notices I have literally done nothing but stare at my paper the entire time and asks me whats up. I pop out of my daze for the last time, put on a fake smile, and say apologize that something has come up and I have to go. He looks at his phone and points out that I've been here for not even an hour. 40 minutes to be exact. I've been staring at my textbook for 40 minutes. Time goes by quickly when you're timeless, i suppose. 

Anyway, I excuse myself and quickly run home. I practically break open the door and run to my room where I collapse on my bed and start sobbing. This is not like the in-n-out scenario where I am helplessly confused. I cried harder that ever until i had no energy left, so I just laid there, like a shell of what I used to be. I lose track of time and eventually pass out. I wake up a couple hours later, still feeling empty, and I get up to get some dinner (its the evening now). The dinner is irrelevant to the story. 

This is the part that actually matters. Later on (like, an hour or so before i started writing this), I experience a chilling feeling. Remember earlier on when I mentioned thoughts about suicide and how I quickly dismissed it? Well now, instead of a casual suggestion, it seems like a valid option. There is this ongoing joke among my co-workers about how much of a lazy worker I am. Usually, when they bring this up, I jokingly describe myself as an insurance policy. For example, you pay your car insurance even though you might not even get into an accident. But in the event that you do, the insurance can help out. In my case, I get paid and I sit in the back all day until there's a rather over-encumbering rush that my co-workers in the front can't handle, in which case I go out to help. Right now, suicide seems like an insurance policy. If everything eventually works out, yay for me. If not, there's always an option to end things. 

Before I came here, I looked up people's suicide recovery stories and other stories where (at the time) they were contemplating suicide. I was going to call the suicide hotline to talk to someone until I realized that they are required to call the police if they deemed me suicidal enough. When I first started typing this post, i just wanted to tell someone how i felt. I was still very depressed and not sure about what to do. Now, as I am writing this, I feel somewhat relieved. I can finally tell someone. For so long I have been keeping this to myself but now that someone else can hear my story, I feel a lot calmer that I was at the start of my "episode". 

I have come to a conclusion. This Tuesday I will have to study session with that girl. I am going to see how it goes and if I can, I will ask her out. I don't give a shit if she says no, I just need to get this out of my system. If she says yes, then all the better. I have literally nothing to lose, no humiliation to experience. However, if anything goes wrong, I know for a fact that I will fall into a depression like I did today, maybe even worse, and I might consider suicide even more than just an "option" or a "suggestion", and that is what I am afraid of.

This is the end of my rant. If you actually read through the whole thing, I just wanted to thank you for your time. I'll be online to reply to any messages for the next hour or so until I go to sleep. I'll respond when i wake up as well. I feel a lot better talking about my feelings. I think I might go do some homework now.