I have everything any kid could want but I feel emptyI'm 17 and as the title says I have everything that I could ever want. I've got friends and family that "love" me but for the past couple of months i just cant believe it. I don't even know how I have any friends cause just talking to people scares me, all my friends don't even go to my school they are either online or from my old school cause when I moved I was just too scared to talk to people. I just cant seem to see any positive in life, I try to succeed in school and anything else i do but I always end up failing no matter how hard I study/try. I've been thinking of killing myself but I'm just too afraid of what it'd do to those close to me. I want to die but I also don't want to hurt anyone. I hung out with two of my really good friends today but I just couldn't seem to be happy, I just sat in the back of my friends car and starred off into the distance, and to make the night worse there's this girl that I was actually somehow talking to and one of my friends thought it'd be funny to ruin it, the night got way worse there and i just have feeling that some of my friends, if not all, aren't really my friends at all. I'm too scared to talk to anyone about this so I put this here cause its anonymous-ish. I just don't know how to deal with it anymore, it started off a few months ago and it wasn't bad just a wave of depression every once in a while which is frequent in a teenager as far as i know. But as the months went on I've just kept getting more sad and I fear that soon I wont be able to hold out and ill just end up shooting myself or something. Whats really stopping me right now is my "Friends", mom, dad, dog, and cat. Its just something about pets that seem to keep a person ending it, if my dog and cat weren't here id have probably ended it already which sounds weird cause my mom and dad are still here. i love my pets more than anything and i feel like they somehow know how i'm feeling cause whenever i'm just sitting on the couch as soon as i become sad my dog will come to me and just stay there with me. I just don't know how to feel anymore, I've lost so much emotion over the months. This whole speech i just typed probably doesn't make any sense anyway so i'm just gonna post it now before i keep typing about random shit that's fucked me up.