I don't see how it's possible to make a comeback after thisI quit smoking last year at age 27. After a traumatic childhood with a lot of abuse and both my parents dying I used it as a coping mechanism. Then I looked back at my past. I always thought 'ah smoking isn't that bad, as long as you quit before 30'... BUT: I ate poorly too and I smoked spliffs. I started googling to reassure myself that I'll be fine, but spliffs are so much fucking worse for you. Like... Some studies say one spliff is 7 cigarettes. I'd smoke like 5 per day of them + 15 cigarettes. I lost it. I felt like I'm going to die soon. I was so stressed out. The stress made me fucking depressed. I also needed constant reassurance. 

Then I contact my ex who is 8 years older and feels like my second mom. She apparently hates me now. I dumped her, she called last year to meet and forgive me, but I didn't go and she has every right to hate me. I didn't have the emotional intelligence to understand that she just wants to destroy me. I write that I miss her. She replies and blocks me. I make a new account and write negative shit. She tells me to get a life and blocks me again. I make a new account again to explain that I'm going to die. She says I'm just being tragic. I explain how unhealthy I lived and she's like: so what? own choice to live in a dumphole.

I keep contacting again and again. Every time she replies a little bit and then blocks me. It's so obvious that I should just leave her alone, but I don't because I'm an irrational idiot. She also says 'you didn't change a bit and only went backwards'. I make a new account and tell her 'but I did change!'... Which is true: I live fucking healthy, hit the gym 6 times per week, gained a lot of weight and muscles, became disciplined, mature, graduated, focused on my career, hard-working guy. But then she snaps. She insults me SOOOOOOO HEAVILY. Can you imagine when someone you used to love and still deeply care about says the most hurtful shit possible to you? Well that's what happened. I completely lost my mind because of what she said. Became extremely suicidal. She just completely fucked up my mental health forever by saying what she said.

I became so desperate to talk with her so I just spammed and spammed her all the time on instagram. Every single day for 4 months. Sometimes I'd delete shit and write it again. I wrote a whole book to her. Explaining why I acted like that. Explaining that I dumped her because I felt she was ruining my life being with me. Everything. I just had to talk with her. She had to understand me. She had to talk with me because I couldn't live with those insults. I wanted to die everyday because of what she said. In the end she got rid of her instagram though 😓

Ugh... I completely fucked myself up by provoking her. Of course she gets extremely angry, but I still care about her and look up to her so it hurts so much. Unbearable to live with her insults in my head and being unable to make amends. Unbearable to live with being a stalker. Feel like the biggest loser on the planet. Also, why didn't I just stop contacting after her last message? It was pointless and made her hate me even more. On the other hand, her insults were just so soulcrushing that I wanted to do EVERYTHING to solve it. Like seriously, this is such a huge stain on my life. Things will never be the same again.