I want it to endMy ex partner and I were together for 3 years. We had a lot of things going on and had been through a lot together. We are both f 25. We broke up 4 months ago. 

My ex has bipolar and during the 3 years was admitted 7 times into a psychiatric ward. During our last year together, she had attempted suicide 3 times (2 times in a hospital, once at home). The last attempt I came home to find her overdosed on antidepressants and sleeping pills. From this, she spent 5 days in the cardiac ward.  She nearly died and I freaked. Looking back, I did not deal with this the right way. We got through it, but I was not coping with finding her like that (when i found her she was still conscious she said "you came home too early". 

She got better. Things were still difficult and I was still not 100% but we stayed together for another 8 months happily.

I spiralled out of control with everything and engaged in sex work (didnt not sleep with the guy). She found out and was destroyed- and obviously broke up with me for cheating. I take full responsibility for these actions. I am aware of everything and I do not want to be roasted on reddit for my huge mistake.

My ex and I have been sleeping together 2-3 times a week. It's obviously all a secret because of what I did. We both have admitted on many occasions that we're still very much in love with eachother. Her mum knows everything and speaks with me, she knows I love her and made a huge mistake. She wants us to get back together but my ex cannot trust me (which is fair enough). 

Yesterday we spent the day together.During the day she was kissing me and saying how much she loved me and I stupidly said how much I wished we could be together because I would do anything to gain her trust again. She got upset and just said "you fucking smashed my heart into pieces". I apologised of course and confessed my love AGAIN before I left. 


I did no contact for a month when we first broke up. I have tried seeing other people. My friends know what I've done. Ive been talking to professionals. I just can't seem to let her go. We were engaged. This was who I thought I would spend the rest of my life with. 

Some times I feel okay and realise I am not my mistakes. Other days I want to kill myself. Today is one of those days. I can't live with the guilt and I cant live with the shame. I destroyed the best thing in my life. 

It's been 4 months and I don't know what to do anymore. I cant live with what I did. 