I lost my best friend and fiancéSeptember will always be the worst month for me... September 30th, 2018 I lost my best friend in the world to a freak accident: electrocution after falling in our downtown canal. The two months after that I spent going down a horrible drug binge just to hide myself from the world and my pain. September 27th, 2019, my fiancé took her own life.. we both struggled with thoughts of suicide and found solace with each other there. We also both fought a tough addiction problem. 

She was my whole world, we were together for three years, she lived with me for a little over two. The last three years, we’ve only spent 8 days apart, and those 8 days were when her family had sent her to a detox center. Other than that, we were completely inseparable. 

She was my whole world, my everything, my soul mate. I didn’t think I was ever going to find someone whom I actually loved and wanted to be with, she gave me a reason to want to see tomorrow for the first time in my life. I spent four years in a very abusive relationship before her, and thought I was destined for horrible relationships or being alone for the rest of my life. I finally saw a future with her, I’ve never been able to see tomorrow, I’ve never wanted to, never cared to. With her, I was planning a future, planning a wedding, hell I was even wanting a family... 

She was afraid of withdrawing, and had told me that she would rather die than withdraw. I told her I wasn’t ever going to let her get to that point, that I loved her too much and would protect her, always. I had recently gotten a couple new guns for home protection. Part of me knew it was a bad idea but I ignored that because my house had been broken into twice before and I wanted to make sure she was safe if I wasn’t there. 

We had both lost our jobs, me a month before her and I was coasting on savings and the good money she was making. She made a bad choice at work that had cost her her job, so we were put in a very tough spot, having pets, a mortgage, let alone a drug addiction. For the most part we made things work even though they were extremely stressful. Pawned lots of things, did lots of favors for people, did what we could. But it just wasn’t enough. 

The night before, her and I got into a big fight in the car, over money, the only thing her and I ever fought over, everything else we could work through. We were yelling at each other and saying harsh things. I broke the biggest promise I made to her, that I would never touch her. And not to defend myself or make it sound as bad as it was, but it wasn’t hard or anything along those lines, more just to get her attention because tensions were high and I made a horrible choice. It broke my heart and made me sick to my stomach as soon as I did it.. I would give anything to take it back. I’ve wanted to cut my own hand off every day since. We kept arguing and finally arrived at home where I fell asleep on the couch and her in our reclining chair. 

I woke up late the next day and we only spoke two sentences to eachother.. I didn’t tell her I love her or that I was sorry... and I fell back asleep. I slept for a few more hours and I awoke to a loud “clank” noise. I had a cover over my eyes so I didn’t think much of It and fell back asleep for a few hours. When I awoke I noticed she wasn’t in the chair. I got up to look for her around my house, I couldn’t find her so I texted and called and yelled for her a few times, hoping she was just smoking a cigarette. As I was calling I noticed my pistol was not where I had left it and my stomach dropped. I searched my house again, looking in the bathtub, the far side of my bed, etc. to see if I could find her...

I noticed my garage light was on and when I opened the door.... the worst, most horrible and sickening thing I have ever seen... she was on the floor next to my garage door in a pool of her own blood. I ran to her hoping it was some kind of joke. Quickly, I realized it wasn’t.. I shook her begging her to wake up.. “baby please, hey baby please wake up, it’s okay” I said over and over. Her body was cold and heavy.. blood coming from her nose and her sweet face was so pale.. more pale than it already was... she wouldn’t move, she had been gone for a few hours was my guess.. I ran inside to grab my phone, called 9-11 and I took the gun from next to her, thinking maybe it couldn’t hurt her anymore... the first officer arrived within 5-6 minutes and when he opened my garage door, let out the deepest most painful sigh I’ve heard from another human being. 

He sent me to my car to find my ID and the fire truck had pulled up about then. The officer said something to them and they walked back to the truck. Into his radio he said a code number and I asked “does that mean she’s gone?”, he said “yes it means DOA”.. I haven’t been back since that moment. That was the moment I left myself. I’ve been sitting in the back of my head, a passenger ever since. Even more so than I ever was. 

I feel so horrible. I feel like I failed her, like there’s so many things I could have done to help her. She didn’t leave a note at all, so I don’t know what she was thinking. She was my entire world and she knew how much I needed her. She was perfect in every way, her voice, the most gorgeous smile and a laugh that would light up a room. Everyone she met loved her. I feel like I’ve had my heart ripped out from my chest, and all I want is to be with her now.. i almost did two nights ago, sat down with a bottle of bleach and four bottles of pills. If I wouldn’t have gotten in a fight with my ex girlfriend I would have done it.. she distracted me and made me mad enough that I stopped thinking about it for a while. The only thing I want in this world is to go back and change things, to do the things I should have done and not do the things I shouldn’t... everyone says “don’t blame yourself it’s not your fault”... but what do you do when it is? I can’t carry this weight on me.. I feel like I’m going to collapse soon and I’m going to cause the same pain to my friends and family that I just saw everyone go through. The only thing I’ve felt for the last month is agony and I don’t see an end to it.. I don’t know what to do... 

I’m sorry for my rambling and for how long this was, I guess I had a lot to say and I don’t know where to turn to... I feel lost you guys, I feel scared and alone and I only want my best friend back.  My friend and I both heard her voice clear as day in my living room a week ago so I know she’s still here .. I just want to be with her but I’m so scared that even after this life I won’t see her again... I’m terrified of the rest of my life without her. I need her back. 

If you read this all... thank you so much. I’m sorry for how long it was and all my rambling. I just didn’t know where else to turn and I’m so broken right now that I don’t know if I’m going to make it through it. Again.. thank you for reading this.. if anyone has any good advice that isn’t “it will get better”, I would love to hear it. I love each and everyone one y’all.