Why am I so useless?People out there exist, one's that have to worry about not eating certain things because it might cause a negative reaction in their body that causes them to die, one's that can't learn effectively because they interpret words differently not because of their own fault but because somewhere in their DNA is a disease that causes them to read words differently than other people, one's that live in an environment so cruel it would be punishment to any sentient being. And here I am, a human with no bounds, one that was not abused growing up, one who could never say I'm hungry and there is nothing to eat, one that could not proclaim that there was something educational I could not afford because my parents made every effort for me to be able to learn anything I wanted to. To be able to amount to anything. And here I am, nothing, that's all I'm worth, nothing. I have failed not only myself but society, through my stupidity I have failed the people that cannot afford to learn something they do not know, the ones that would wish with all their might to be able to learn something, anything, to be able to propel their species forward, but cannot because they are denied the resources to do some. I had all the resources, I had all the chances, I had every single opportunity afforded to me by society and what did I do you might ask? I squandered it away like the stupid impulsive creature I am. I could not look towards the future and determine that I had something to offer to this world other than a body that would eventually decay to feed the earth. Had I done everything correctly there is no doubt in my mind that I could have contributed to society. I could have helped somebody that had not eaten in weeks become better. I could have been valuable to society. I would never be indispensable but I could have become a nice cog to the machine dubbed humanity. Instead I live my life in the days that could have been. The days that should have been. The only thing I currently deserve is death and even then torture is the only way I could ever hope to possibly amount to the sins that I have committed. I offer nothing to this world and shouldn't be in it as a result. 