I want my brother to die. I want my parents to die. I want to die myself.I know I won't do it, I still live obviously, although I was always weird, my family was always weird. I've never had the courage, and now I can't do this because I don't want the only person who cares about how I feel and does something about it in my entire life to be hurt. 
I'm just tired. Tired because of my social phobia, of my brothers bipolar disorder, of my parents neglience and their possible disorders, leading to creating 3 socially awkward, immature, mentally ill children despite good financial situation. 
My siblings never had friends of opposite sex. Not a single one. Now they do, because their friends have husbands, wifes and children. And they still live with parents, without a job. I'm the only person in my family which does something, and it was me who was treated badly the most. They told me that I'm the shame for this family. That I'm bringing them shame because school counselor wanted them to talk with her about me. 
When my mother found porn in my room, she started to read it aloud to my sister and threatened me that she will show it to my father if i won't get better grades. I always had the best grades in my year. After that, I couldn't go to school without feeling sick. I still have learning difficulties, because I can't stand not knowing something. I just cry or throw fists in the nearest furniture. 
My father's entire life is work. He works 12 hours a day. My mother doesn't feel the need to help him in providing income. He returns from the work and goes to sleep. Every sentence he said to me could be written in 10 pages book, maybe less. 
Despite that his workplace is next to our home. Despite he is living with us. 
I'm not living with them, but I still can't function normally, because I know what's happening in my house, because my brother threatened my sister and grandma with death while being a driver of car they were in. AND THEY DO NOTHING. And they forced me to go to college, despite I had to go to fee-paying one because my final exam results were too bad to go to any free one. Despite I didn't wanted to, because it's waste of money. Because the subject doesn't even interests me that much. Because it doesn't teach any important skills. It only teaches approach that I always take. It doesn't even matter, because despite of that, I'm getting the worst grades because of phobia and fear of doing anything that can be judged. I want to vomit. I will never have any control of my life. I love to sing. But I'm too awful at it. I will never do something I want. My life is and will be a failure. 