The last year of my life was destroyed, I don't want to keep trying.One week ago, I was left by my SO of 3 years. We met when I saved her from suicide, and she helped me resist my suicidal urges whilst living in the south. For 2 years, we had a long-distance relationship before I managed to move in with her. It was the best 9 months of my life. Every day was utter bliss. Then she came home one day and told me we needed to talk, and she felt that I wasn't making her happy anymore and that I wasn't trying hard enough.

Some quick context. In order to move in with her, halfway across the country, I had to practically give up my prior life. Lost my car, income, no longer had local friends. I only moved in with her because we loved each other so much and I thought she was my soulmate. We always told each other that we'd be together forever and we'd never stop loving each other. She always seemed like she meant it. When she broke up with me, within 2 days she was with another man, a friend she had made where we lived who she originally had shot down.

After the break-up, she said she'd let me live with her until I could afford to move, so I hopped on a Greyhound and came back down south to live with family. That was roughly a week ago. While I was absolutely devastated emotionally, I was fighting through it. Until today. We've been very mature about the break-up, still talking and supporting each other.

She woke up very late today, hungover. She had NEVER drank alcohol in even moderate amounts, much less enough to get drunk. Ever since she has been with this new man, she's become steadily more trashy. The few times I saw her after the break-up but before I left (she was there with me when I left the state), she was wearing ratty clothes and smelled strongly of cigarettes. Now she had gotten drunk enough to have a bad hangover.

After helping her through the hangover as best I could, several states away, we talked fairly normally until she inadvertently saying she had sex with the new man several times, even the very first night of the break-up. Since then, my mood has been gradually declining, and here I am now.

I don't want to continue life. I'm tired of feeling like everyone ditches me by the wayside anytime anything else happens. I only have 1 real friend who doesn't do this to me. The entire time since the break-up, despite saying she'd be supportive, my ex has been very unresponsive and will randomly take HOURS (1~12) to even respond. She is the only real support I have, as my family, while financially supportive, has been very unsupportive of me.

Even when I told my family how bad I felt, they said I just need to grow up and learn to deal with it. I can't tell my close friend how suicidal I've been, I would never want to burden him that much.

I'm a very fearful person. I'm deathly afraid of everything on the inside, but I always have a calm and level-headed outward appearance. Truth is, I'm hideously neurotic on the inside, worrying about everything that could go wrong, no matter how small and benign. I can only feel self-worthy if people tell me how I'm worth anything.

I can't keep doing this. I don't want to try and find someone else to love and to have love me, I'll never find anyone with my interests. I won't be able to find a job, it took me 2 years last time. I don't want to keep trying and struggling for years with nobody to turn to. Where-as before I had someone who knew me intimately to help me get through my suicidal tendancies, I don't anymore. I don't want to continue.

EDIT [ I've been fighting back these suicidal feelings ever since I got back. This isn't some temporary overload. ]