Debating to kill myself.I was the happiest I had ever been back 2 years ago, why? Because I was with the one person that I thought could be the one for me.. after a while she got pregnant and our relationship took a wrong turn. We were happy before this ever happened but me being selfish and controlling got the better of me by not being a mature individual when she was pregnant. I put her through hell during her pregnancy and i didn’t even give my last name. I did so much wrong to this girl and after not being with her for 13 months while texting this right in this moment I still feel the pain, misery, sadness, guilt. The things I put this girl through who never let me down for a second &amp; always put me first. I took her for granted. And now I see the kid mainly during the weekdays Mon-Fri for at least 5 hours. Whenever I head over to her house, the thoughts, feelings, negative forces just seem to collide very slowly or all at once. Every night I think about what could I have done,  when I’m not sad or depressed I find myself way more mature than the person I was 2 years ago. I know I should focus on my son when I go there but it’s just so hard to build a bond with him because I want us to be a family. (Not marriage) but take baby steps into working things out and see where it takes us.. but I understand that she doesn’t want to. Recently, she texted me stating that she’s dating someone and it seriously breaks me every time because 1: she has a child, 2: how can you have time to date other people when you can’t even work things out with me? (The biological father) before I got on reddit I was trying to sleep but I failed to because I kept thinking how I failed them (ex and son) she says “whether you’re here or not our son is happy with or without you.” I asked her, “do you not appreciate that I’m the father of your own son and that don’t you think I should be in his life?” She said “I can really care less if you were in his life, it doesn’t matter to me.” Basically what I’m trying to get at is that she doesn’t give one single fuck about me anymore and I even asked her “do you even want me in the picture at all” (whether visiting or growing a bond with him) and she says “no, I’d rather want you gone and away from us because we’re fine without you.” Like do you know how much what you just said can destroy a persons will. I feel like she just says this without thinking or is just a cold-hearted person. I know this is long and you’re probably tired of reading it but I haven’t been the same person ever since we broke up. I know I have my rights as a father but knowing the system and the cost of going to court isn’t worth It in my reality. I also googled “fastest methods of killing your self” and I felt like I needed to just end it all because I failed. Like how can someone date around and not give a crap about the biological father into raising their kid. All my friends that have kids (I’m only 20 and they’re roughly the same age) have at least one kid and yet the parents are still together. She says that we’ll never be together and that I’m not worth another chance because I always mess it up and also I’m not really a good father figure. (This is what stresses me out the most). Before she was pregnant she lived in a house where they had many babies and adolescents in the home and she was very skillful and basically taking care of them and being “babyish” to them (loving, cute) she has very good experience and babysat before. As for me, i never grew up in a home that made me had to take care of any babies or adolescents until now. She points this out that I can’t talk to him like he’s a baby and I talk to him like he’s an adult. (Idk man it’s just how I am. Idk if I’m awkward with the kid or something. I’m just there, I do my best and try to adapt as much as I can) but she doesn’t see that. I ask her for guidance a lot but she’s always moody. This suicide story is not because one girl. It’s about me wanting to take my life because I feel like I have nothing to live for. My own baby mama doesn’t want me, she constantly try’s to put me down and is just cold.. so cold. I hate it. I hate it so much. I just don’t want to be alive to bear life and what it comes with anymore.. I tried going back to school, it failed. I tried working jobs from fast food to warehouse, that failed, I tried dating. It failed. I honestly don’t really want anyone else because I have a son. And that I feel like I have to work things out with the mom and be in unity.. but that’s not how life goes.. if you made it this far I humbly appreciate the time you spent in touching into someone’s life. &lt;3 