Considering it.Hi all, this is my first post.
I've been having suicidal thoughts for some time now, something that started like 2 years ago. 
I'm about to turn 30, and was diagnosed with GAD (generalized anxiety disorder).
Lot's of things have happened in the last  eight months as i graduated from med school,, i finished a five year relationship and tried to start another, and my father had a stroke that left him with sequels (i currently live with both of my parents).
This isn't easy for me to write, as i feel not only as am a failure but that i'm ashamed of myself. I don't think i'm worthy of anything of value, and all effort is futile.

As my long term relationship was getting worse, i got to meet a girl and started to hang out with her around the same time my father had the stroke. Never did i cheat before, as i was very loyal and had ethic above everything, but something really happened and  i did. I felt awful after, but couldn't stop seeing her. Few months passed and we got to a point to decide what we should do. I called it off, as did'nt wanted to hurt anybody. two months later after finishing the long term relationship i called her and we met, only to go out and have this weird date... Long story short she's seeing somebody and mentioned that "might be the biggest mistake of her life but i have to chose him" and the relationship between us can't be "for now" . After not seeing each other since then anymore we're contacting by mail at the moment. i miss her. ok so there's that.

My father is not getting better, and also has depression so even though i'm trying to help him recover nothing seems to work. Most probably he won't never be the same.
I do have friends, but i feel like they don't get me. Im exercising almost everyday. I also go to a psych and im on pregabalin for gad. I play guitar and i'm trying to record what i can. I feel like im doing my best and it's not enough.

Honestly i don't know where to go o what to do. I feel that i only have myself and that it is not enough.
I'm thinking on stuff to do, like a bucket list before i go. i don't know anymore.