I’m Trans MTF (6mo hrt) and I’m horribly tall, depressed, bulimic, alone, and all I want to do is cut, binge/purge/ and sleep. I’m incompatible with the world.I’m alone. Even when I’m with people the high goes away after I’m always left alone in the end. I hate my body. I hate my mind. I hate my height. I hate my voice. I hate how I’m so disconnected and self-Centered. I hate that I can’t ever express the ways I feel accurately.  I’m late to everything. I hate myself so so so so so much. I’m so negative and depressed I’ve pushed so many people away. I’m too terrified and self-conscious of my own body to meet anyone. I’ve never had a relationship. Never kissed. Never anything sexual. And I never will because my body prevents me. There is nothing that fuels me to get better; I’ve been on autopilot for so long. I’ve let my guard down and thought that maybe I’ve finally found care and love, only to get myself burnt and rejected every single time. I cut my arms all over the other day, after not being able to self-harm for so long. Now I just want to cut more.  I could go back to treatment (even though it was the absolute worst and most dehumanizing things I’ve ever been too) but I have no financial or emotional support and stability. No one ever talks to me or wants to be around me unless they have to or I initiate and provide 200% of the effort. I want to help people. I want to take the pain away from everyone in the entire world and make myself have it. Helping people makes me feel good. I’ll never be able to redo the developmental years that I screwed up. I’ll never be able to make myself shorter and more petite. I’ll never be able to forget the traumas and ingrained mentalities the experiences, abandonments, and rejections I’ve faced have made me become. I’m just an annoyance because it’s just too hard to want to get better. And everyone always says, including all therapists I’ve been to, that I have to want to make myself better. There’s never any help for me. And there’s never going to be. I’m miserable, and misery is what’s familiar. I don’t want to exist anymore.