I’m sorry, but there’s no way I can win now30F. I’ve wasted my life trying to get into medical school, and now that covid’s here my husband made me quit my (useless) clinical research job at a midsize Boston hospital. I have another clinical research job lined up, but I see the other people about to enter medical school, and I feel so salty.

I failed myself. I feel like my opportunity to really make a difference passed me by because I wasted too much time fucking around with this application. I took MCAT three times. I racked up thousands of volunteer hours and got a masters in biology to shore up my transcript. If they’d asked me to submit a dead cat on a stick to complete my applications I would have traveled to 22 medical schools with a dead cat. All this took years to complete. I spent thousands of dollars, not mention all this time and effort applying to 22 different schools, and I didn’t get a single interview. If i could go back in time I would have gotten a nursing degree, because I’m clearly too stupid to be a doctor. My pre-med advisor doesn’t even think I can get into PA school. She says I need to get a remedial masters degree for my reapplication to have any chance of success. I’d rather stab myself in the heart than get a second, unnecessary Master’s just to please these people who don’t want me anyway. 

The only thing left for me to do is having kids, but I don’t want to. if my purpose in life really is to watch my body go pear-shaped and my life melt into shit and chaos, I could have done that right out of high school. So what else is left? Shovel dirt in the garden? Make crappy paintings nobody likes? Get second to last place in another 10k road race? Waste another 6,000$ re-applying to med schools that’ll never have me? Wait on a screaming baby? Watch the remaining 80 million episodes of One Piece? Live my life for a husband who only listens to me when I agree w him? None of that is rewarding enough to stay here. 

The only thing that gets me through my day to day is alcohol, and I mean that sincerely. I’m on two antidepressants and it’s just barely enough to stop me from murdering myself today. The booze is the reward and the balm, the only time I don’t feel like a fatty and a failure.

I’m not gonna do anything but I had to say it.  Life’s not worth living. Do better than I did kids.