I guess I want to die?Some signs of depression are as follows; Lack of self worth, Lack of appetite, or Increase in appetite, Sleeping a lot, or almost nothing at all, Feeling tired, Losing interest in things you love, Feeling sad/worthless/suicidal, and more. I can't identify with most of them. Not enough to be labeled with depression.

Nothing traumatic or horrible has happened, my childhood was okay, I have a few friends, but I don't know what to do. I've never had loads of hobbies, and they just get more frustrating to do the older I get, because it all feels like a competition. I shouldn't draw, cause I'll never be good, I can't draw this, another person is way better. I shouldn't play the piano, cause my friend can play the piano basically fluently, with both hands, and play a song after just hearing it a few times. I shouldn't play any sports, because it'll never do anything for me, the kids will just make fun of how I look, how I play, that I joined so late, that I'm not interesting. I can't sing, I can't dance, I don't enjoy doing almost anything. I don't know what to do anymore. 

People don't enjoy being with me, they never want to hang out or do anything, and neither do I. I stay in my room for hours on end, or just sit with my phone. I don't want to socialize. I can't make any new friends, because I'm not good enough at faking being interesting. 

Even so, the thing I hate most about everything, is I don't know how to get help, or how to fix this. I don't want to talk to someone. Everything small just seems like a huge deal to me, and everything stacks up. I vent about school, how bad I think the teachers are, how much homework we have, and anything bad that happened to me, and people get sick of it. Of course. Who would want to hear someone complain every day, all the time, about everything. I just spread negativity, but that's my way of letting off steam. I don't know how to function without letting these things out, everything just gets bottles up inside, and makes me even more negative. I don't know what to do. I don't want to be only negative, but it's so hard seeing positive things. 

All these things just make me want to die, even though they're all insignificant. Not jokingly, or just saying "I want to die", I actually want to shoot myself, hang myself, or anything to just get out. I want to disappear. To be fully honest, I wish I was never born. Then, people wouldn't have to deal with whatever pain they might feel if I die, and no one will remember me. Sometimes, I just want to be alone, in a room, without anyone being able to disrupt me. No annoying knocking, noone to talk to me, no small inconveniences, nothing. Just sit there alone with my thoughts. Just be alone, by myself, gone from everyone else. 

This was super long, with loads of unimportant information that no-one needed to know, nor that anyone cares about. People won't see this, because nobody wants to share my "burden". People could care about something more important, someone who can change something, anyone. This post was super egoistic, and I realize it. I don't know if I should've posted this. I don't know if it fits. I don't know. I don't know anymore. Writing this feels so pathetic, because it is. And I'm sorry. If you read this long, I'm sorry. Sorry.