read this before killing yourselfThis is kind of a warning.

It‘s a warning with love, &lt;3 even when it sounds harsh, because reality is harsh sometimes.

You can not leave a place so brutally against your own body and except peace. (Yes, taking too much pills is brutally, too.) You can‘t leave so much pain and confusion and except a good feeling afterwards. 
Just think about it, it isn‘t logical.
The whole universe is energy.
It‘s bad vibes, bad &amp; highly unnatural energy, and bad karma, this can‘t lead to happiness. You may feel it that this is true when you listen inside of you, your logical understanding and your heart.

You think you will just sleep? Think again. Your soul is as real as your physical body and aware of even the littlest things even when you don’t believe in it or are aware of it.
Your soul will be wide awake and see all the consequences of your suicide, like griefing of beloved persons and your body buried and all that you lost and will never be alive to enjoy AGAIN etc, sorry to tell you that. 
You won‘t sleep peacefully if you kill yourself.
When you die naturally is a whole other story, the whole energy and everything is different and belived persons don‘t have this extra-sadness because of the way you died. Natural death and suicide are two deepy seperated things, believe me.

And,
You never know if the suicide artempt will fail &amp; left you horribly disabled (cut off brain oxygen or paralyzed or something worse)

You will never know if this life or your sight of life will improve. You will throw away the one and only life you EVER get. In all eternity.
Even if you believe in many lifes, what kind of sign to the mysterious and deep universe is it to just throw away this life like an old joghurt? And then except something? This isn‘t how this works, I‘m really sorry.

Instead of saying: ,,I just gonna die“ try saying: ,,I just gonna live.“ It can‘t be false to just keep living.

Every time I was physically near a suicide attempt of someone, like by a train, I had cold sweat stomach cramps, the negative energy is unreal and strong almost like death.

There is a place worse than this earth. And in the better place you won‘t come by killing yourself. This is the hatsh truth of reality. You will just hurt you and everything and everyone you love. All your sorrows will follow you in afterlife because they are in your soul, not body.
Even when you don‘t believe in afterlife it‘s no good idea (failed attempts...left disfigured...)

Many near death experiences (google) also said that suicides had the darkest experiences of all statistically, look it up, it‘s science. 

Don‘t spit this universe in the face, I wouldn‘t risk it. 

Don‘t do it.

Look down at your body and whisper:
,,There‘s no home like you. Thank you, body.“

With lovely and harsh hugs. &lt;3 I‘m so sorry I had to say this, it‘s reality.
