Life for me is not worth living anymore, if it ever wasI've struggled with mental health challenges since I was a teenager. I have treatment resistant depression and crippling anxiety, in addition to a few other labels. The suffering and inner turmoil has been constant and unrelenting. I exist. Every day is a struggle. There have been times when it was better, but those times never lasted long and I always found myself back in the dark hole. I've never been married but always wanted to. I've never been stable enough to be a good marriage prospect. My childhood was horrible. Parents are cold and cruel. My dad used to tell my brothers and I that he divorced my mom because of 'us kids'. He broke both of my hands. My mom loved saying how much she regretted having kids. Not once growing up did she tell me she loved me. Zero physical attention, ever, that is unless it was a beating with a hotwheel track or coat hanger. Neither parent has a shred of empathy or compassion. My life has been a total disaster. 

In addition to mental problems, I also have a torturous chronic illness that makes sleep damn near impossible. Cancer survivors who have the same disease as me almost unanimously said they'd rather deal with cancer. It's absolute torment. I haven't been able to work for over a year and a half. For me, work as always been the best treatment by far. I love being productive and having a place to go and structure in my day. I would love to again but I am just too damn sick. My disease is getting worse. I was really passionate about my career. I somehow managed to earn a graduate degree, which is noteworthy because I am a high school dropout. My sole purpose right now is taking care of three dogs. I can't leave them behind but I am worried the pain is becoming too much. I endure daily abuse but must put up with it because I have nowhere else to go. Not only that, but these dogs are the closest thing to a family I have. 

I don't know where I am going with this. Daily abuse, medication side effects, extreme sleep deprivation, not being able to work, running out of money, constant unremitting despair and physical torment from my disease. It's too much. The despair and sadness is deep and just being conscious is hell. I am approaching 50. I wish I could find these dogs a loving home and finally be free to end the misery.