I keep wishing I was killed in my horrible accident instead of making it out alive.I lived a very happy and great life had lots of friends and we do tons of fun stuff all the time. I had various hobbies one of them being dangerous I’d like to make my own fireworks big ones too. Long story short I made a mistake mixing the chemicals and it sparked and blew up in my face it was a huge amount of explosive powder I remember flinching as hard as I could luckily I wasn’t blinded or burned in my throat all I can remember was being blown to the ground screaming in pain and agony I was horribly burned on my hand arm face and legs and torso. I was rushed to the hospital immediately they told me it was burned 20% of my body I was in critical condition. It was so bad they were considering amputating my hand and performing escharotomy (where they split the skin). I spent two months straight in the hospital in a small room constantly in pain constantly and discomfort just constant suffering. Despite being on super powerful opioids the pain was unbearable. I had some visitors and people kept telling me I was lucky to be alive and my body was very strong. But I keep wishing I was dead I wish the explosion had killed me so I wouldn’t have to go through this pain and suffering. I just got back from the hospital came home yesterday. My right hand doesn’t work anymore everything I have to do is one-handed walking is hard and my skin is very weak and I have a ton of ugly scars. This is all so overwhelming all of a sudden and I keep thinking about the accident and screaming in pain on the floor and being in those uncomfortable bandages. I keep wishing I was dead I never had these thoughts before. I feel like I’m not mentally strong enough to deal with what happened to me and I don’t know what to do. They gave me anti-depressants but it doesn’t feel like it’s working. The worst part about it is knowing I will be disabled and unattractive for the rest of my life. Are used to be somewhat good-looking and very athletic and now I lost all that.  I really took those things for granted and living life is just miserable. I know this is a big wall of text of just whining and bitching. Sorry about that but I really don’t know what to do and I don’t know how to cope with what happened.