I don't want to kill myself, but I sure wish I'd just stop breathing, or maybe never wake up.&gt;#1  What's the point of life, to hold down a job for 30 yrs to life? That's not life, that's a fucking sentence. A God damn prison sentence. And at a fucking place like MY work? Dear USPS, I understand now, why people "go Postal". You drive me so fucking hard, for me to only barely be able to pay bills. FUCK. YOU. 

&gt;#2   Mom, I wish you would've just put me up for adoption, not keep me because someone told you they didn't think you could make it with me at your age. All you've done is make everything about yourself while never considering other people's feelings. And made countless shitty fucking decisions, and your just an ass hole.

&gt;#3 Dad, why'd you have to be worthless? I know your parents didn't teach you very well how to be  a parent or husband, but Jesus, you could've been there, made better money decisions, actually put some food on the table instead of me and Mom starving all the time. Maybe just have been a father. It's so hard watching the kids now, get a dad I never had.

&gt;#4  Lauren, I miss you so much. I loved you, and I still do. If you walked through the door, I'd scoop you up in my arms and ask you to start over. I'm sorry I didn't know how to be the man you needed, or how to be a man at all. I wish I would've told you everything. You were so open with me, and I was a fucking maze of unexpressed emotions and thoughts.

&gt;#5 Myself, why are you such a disappointment? Why don't you try harder? Why don't you stop being a fucking pushover? Why don't you just go for the things you've always wanted? Why didn't you reach out to her before it *was* too late and tell her everything you wished you would've? Why are you always scared, scared of setting an expectation, of putting yourself out there, of starting over? I hate you. The reason we've always had it hard was because you weren't a fucking man. Because you weren't good enough. If only I could separate myself from you, everything would be different. 

&gt;#5. God, are you there? Life doesn't make sense without a beginning and in my eyes, that was you, but where are you? Everything isn't your fault, but that doesn't mean you couldn't have stepped in. Given a hand, taken me. I'm lost. I need help, answers, love, companionship, someone to talk to. I don't know how to do this anymore. I wish I'd never been born.