I don't think I'll make it to see next year. I'm 26/m/canada.

My life has been slowly crumbling and I'm losing the will to do anything, and I feel there is less and less of a chance that I'll be happy, or not a burden on people I love.   
  
I was very smart from a young age, and went from   
young intellectual to aspiring musician. Surprisingly I have   
some talent in music, and I'm known by many people 
as one of the best singers they know. I've been trying  my hand at making music a career (dance music) and I'm lacking so much confidence that I can't actually finish any songs.  
 
I believed in myself so much when I was younger, but I feel 
like if I can't make it by 27, I don't have a reason to go on. 
My manager and I are well aware that age matters and I'm on the precipice of 'make it or break it'.
I have a network, I have a manager, but I feel like I will never be good enough. This is the only thing I'm good at, and I wish I was just saying that .. but it's true. I'm not good at anything else at all. I left school for this, put my parents through a lot of stress over this.   

And I genuinely obsess with making it into the industry.  
But now everything is surrounding me. 
I've built my life so much on music that I can't imagine living without it.   
  
I don't make much money - in fact I've been on disability for depression for months now. I'm supposed to go back to work in January but I break down thinking about going back. 

I'm still in a lot of debt, actually, I'm in collections at this point.   

I live with my parents and brother, because clearly I can't afford it, and also because I have freedom to work on music with no worries about volume, etc.   

I've been in a relationship for four years now, and today my girlfriend told me that she worries all the time that we will struggle financially. I couldn't get her to say it, but I knew she was meaning that I would be the cause of it. She's in University and will 100% get a career right after she graduates so I know she's talking about me - struggling on a crappy salary working in a call centre. 

I was diagnosed with severe depression and that I'm bipolar.
My doctor said I show signs of schizophrenia and today I broke down crying because I caught myself becoming recklessly paranoid that co-workers were plotting to beat me up. People I haven't even seen or heard from in months. 

Everyday I think about dying. 

Why? Simply because my whole life I just wanted this specific future and it's not happening. It's not happening and I'm getting closer and closer to absolute nothingness. At first I thought I would be okay as long as I had my girlfriend, but now she is blunt that if we aren't entering a marriage debt-free, she would not be happy. And it's so hard to know that I have a 95% chance of making her unhappy with my financial situation. As for friends, I have a lot of acquaintances and the best friends I did have literally change the conversation when I bring up how I'm feeling. I don't pick up the phone anymore, and I only leave the house to drive my brother to school.

I can't remember what it feels like to be happy. My failures in music have stifled me from taking any joy in making music. My inability to make the life of my partner a good one makes me feel worthless. To feel completely dependant on my family at this point in my life makes me feel like a burden. They tell relatives I graduated university, and I never even came close. 

I just cry all the time now, in the car driving my brother to school, sitting in my room after deleting another song from the harddrive, in the shower, before bed, when I wake up, I have a hard time looking my mom in the face because I just think about how much she's worrying about me, and how much it'd kill her if I killed myself... but at the same time, I honestly want to die all the time.

I wasted all the best days of my life living in a dream, and now that it's time to start new stages in my life, I can't even begin to catch up to the world. I feel like I am at the edge of breaking, I feel like I am having a horrible time coping with life.

I know I have things to be thankful for, and my reasons 
may seem almost ridiculous, but music has always been my life.
I'm so full of both shame and sadness. I'm sorry for the wall of text, and if I don't make much sense, and I'm sorry for wasting your time.
