don't matter, just saying my peace.I wish that there was more to say but there is not. I tried and i failed and just want somewhere to be a record that i have tried my best. Gave all i had but it was not enough, but such is life eh? I had been with the same person for the past near 10 years. Lost a child with her, new born daughter she had congenital diaphragmatic hernia. She too fought but lost made it almost a month when doctors said she would have hours. Had a son with her. Wonderful kid if not a bit insane but smart and clever as hell. He kept me hanging on for a while, not his fault at all. Hes a good kid almost six now. Then almost ten years after meeting her while i was recovering from surgery and my mother going through cancer which took her, his mother said she would be here. love me, be there forever. Month ago after sticking with this woman thick and thin find out shes been seeing an ex flame she ran in to again on face book and screwing him behind my back. Now she wants him to move in and me out. by monday none the less. my reward for being a stay at home dad, devoted to her and my child is this: an hotel room thats not even in my name for 6 weeks tops while i try to sort out and start a new life and that fuck face takes my old one. my house, my child, my things, my ex.  Part of me could say hell with it, i can do this. but and there is always a but, due to a mix up or what ever when my mother died past few years i havent had a birth certificate, meaning no real ID. Now this is the crux of the matter. Some people have their identity stolen, not me. No mine just got up one night and wandered off. So here i sit one day till the next morning i wake up, kiss my son good bye and go to an cheap motel with a mini fridge and microwave and am told "to make it on my own" with out even my name or a dollar in my pocket. I tried. Damn did i try. This is just too much though. I don't want to do this any more, its not fair and its not right. All i really hope for is the new guy treats my son well and that his mother tells him i was an ok guy. All i want is this, My name is Will, and i tried. Remember that for me ok? Thank you and sorry for the wall of text.