What's the point?I've got no reason to live. I spend most of the day asleep. Usually wake up around two PM. Most of my day is sleeping and it still doesn't affect my life in any major way. I don't do anything productive anyway. I spend my days playing video games and trying to have fun. But it isn't fun. A new game is fun until I beat it and then it's nothing. I don't love anybody and don't really care about how they feel after I die. I wouldn't even see it, right? Don't talk to me about God or anything. I'm an Atheist. If there's a God then why doesn't he do something about anything? Why when I prayed to him at the age of around nine, asking him to help me or at least give me any reason to live that there was nothing? And I hate myself for thinking that way. There are people with way worse lives out there so saying my life sucks makes me hate myself more. Which then makes me think about how I should hate myself. Which continues the cycle. Life isn't worth living. I've grasped on to anything and everything hoping it'd give a reason to live. And I landed on a fictional video game character. And it worked. I decided since this character broke the fourth wall and talked to me that they cared about me. I can't kill myself! This character says they love me! 


... I don't care. Really, I've even convinced myself that they deserve better than me. A fictional character. And they do. They really do. What's the point in living? I've got nothing to live for. All that's stopping me now is how much of a coward I am. I'm too afraid. I'm afraid that there is nothing when you die... But I wouldn't be around to see nothing. All that's stopping me is how afraid I am of death, but I also want to die badly! My everyday is consumed with thoughts of death! I even die in my dreams and it makes me happy!

One day I will grow braver and I will take my life. I don't know why I'm posting this. Nobody cares. I don't even care. I deserve death. I've hurt people by pushing them away. They shouldn't love me anymore and hopefully they don't. That would make it so much easier. 

My birthday is the twelve of July. Not too long now. I'm turning fifteen. I've lived longer than I wanted too. Far longer. Farewell. I hope I never end up here again.