Cold, empty, alone.I’m currently sitting in my room after a particularly horrible moment with my mother and don’t know what else to do. You probably already know what I want to do. I don’t even know why I’m here. Just turning to the one place I know: Reddit. Sorry for any mistakes, my eyes are leaking. 

I know no one cares about any type of backstory or even me, but I guess I should give a bit more background to make myself seem a little less like the shitty teenager you’ll think I am. 

But first of all, what sparked this particular fight (if I can even call it that) was I was just having a generally shitty day. Felt nauseous all day for some reason, my mother drove over a curb which caused the pizza we had just bought to spill onto my brand new white shirt, plus my mom has just been rude all day, to me, to strangers. It’s just your typical annoying day. I was annoyed and you could tell. Wasn’t really speaking much, but when I did, I was short with her and bitter. This annoyed her and I knew that, but I couldn’t make myself cheery. Right before our “fight”, I was telling her about Juice WRLD and how sad it was. I had already mentioned his passing earlier, but I’m a big fan of someone he had collaborated with, didn’t know they had collaborated until that moment, and was explaining to her how they apparently collaborated. During saying this, she was nodding her head and acting like she was listening, but apparently she wasn’t. She started coughing a few moments after I was finished speaking and said, “I was choking the entire time you were talking! Thanks for noticing and caring. Really means a lot.” 

Now, if I had noticed she was choking, I would’ve immediately helped her. I’m not that horrible. When speaking to her, I was looking directly at her and she was nodding the entire time and didn’t seem in distress whatsoever. I was confused and told her this, but she said she was making it obvious but couldn’t tell me she was choking since she couldn’t breathe and was coughing. I pointed out she didn’t cough until after I finished speaking, but she just said I was wrong. I let it go, because I don’t want to argue, so I just go back to browsing Reddit. She asked me, “now, what did you say?” and I just told her to forget about it, it didn’t matter. This is where everything went horribly. She persisted, “come on, tell me. Now.” I’ll admit, I yelled at her. Everything was boiling right under the surface and I just couldn’t keep calm anymore. She proceeds to tell me she heard me mention Juice WRLD and my favorite band, but she didn’t know why. I told her then she must’ve heard me. 

This is when she decides to push my buttons. She starts saying how I’m just “the happiest little girl she’s ever met” (I’m almost 19), how I’m a ray of sunshine and SUCH a good daughter and she’s laughing this entire time. I’m ignoring her because she does this all the time, looking for a reaction and I don’t want to give her the satisfaction. This is when she mentions how I need “happy pills” and she doesn’t know what type of pills that would be, but I need some kind of pill. (she didn’t mean antidepressants) This seemed incredibly insensitive to me as I was just speaking to her about Juice WRLD and of course, so many people are thinking his death is caused from drug use. She knew what she was doing. I’ll admit, I said something really disgusting. I said “good, maybe they’ll kill me so I can finally die.” 

She’s known about my suicidal thoughts since August of this year and didn’t much care when she found out. She actually found out because I had told my sister about some notes/journal type things I had written to help me cope. She confronted me like I was in trouble, saying “we need to talk and you know exactly what you’ve done.” She didn’t do anything except threaten me with making me go to a hospital and sent me to my room. I’ve brought it up one other time, on Thanksgiving after a huge family fight, saying May 2018 I had a handful of pills ready to go and didn’t do it. She made this about herself, saying how she must be a terrible mother. I just ignore it at this point. 

After I said maybe the nonexistent “happy pills” she’s speaking about would kill me, she started going off. She said I have no business acting like my life is so horrible, how I have the easiest life in the world, how other people my age have school, jobs and even kids and how she doesn’t make me do anything and hands me everything on a silver platter. I’ll get to why this really hurt me later. But she just kept saying that I shouldn’t act like she’s the worst person in the world because she’s “the best mom I’ve got.” (she says this every single time me or my sibling is upset with her) and I stayed silent the entire time. I was crying, but silent. She knows why I struggle with living, but doesn’t care. She dropped me off at our shared home and left. She has actually came back home as I was writing this, I’m currently locked in a bathroom. 


A big reason as to why I struggle with living is because of chronic illness. For probably 8 years, I’ve been sick. I genuinely don’t remember what it feels like to not feel pain. It started with a rare condition which was causing me to vomit every day of my 12 year old life and I started to lose my vision. Took a year before they figured out what it was, but i was on medication for a long time + spinal taps every couple months before I finally had brain surgery in 2015. A few months after the surgery, I had a fever every single day of August. It took a while before they discovered what it was: IBD. Not many people without IBD know how much it sucks and I’m sure my experience is unlike other people suffering with IBD, but when I say my IBD has ruined my life, I mean it. I haven’t been in remission once since fall 2015. I’ve been close, but there has always been something wrong. My GI office that I stuck with from beginning to summer of this year also didn’t help much, as I found out I had been on medication I shouldn’t have been (steroids for 3 years) which has also made my life a living hell. I have since been diagnosed with cushing’s syndrome because of the steroid use. I also have fibromyalgia, osteopenia and gastroparesis. 

Things were bad May 2018, since I had that handful of pills, but that summer I was started on chemotherapy and it genuinely ruined my life. 
I don’t know if my reaction was normal, but after a couple doses, my days started blending together. It’s hard to describe, but it felt like my average day was maybe an hour or two long. During this time I felt absolutely zero emotion. I felt nothing. I just remember wishing I could feel again. Crying and being upset hurts, but being physically unable to feel nothing, being completely and utterly numb, is so much worse. I really could not feel. And I thought it would get better after I was off of it, but I didn’t, for a long time, I was so numb and so scared. I’m still not back to what I was before. 

The only way I can describe how I feel is like I’m in this super deep dark hole, I’m completely alone, it’s freezing cold and all my senses have been ripped from me. All I feel is so scared. I’m always scared. I have nightmares every single night about my worst fears and I have flashbacks about different procedures. Sometimes I’ll be sitting, doing nothing, and feel like a feeding tube is being forced down my nose. I know it’s not really happening, but I get so scared. A lot of traumatic things have happened to me and my doctors and mom make me feel like I’m being a baby about it. I’ve never sought help for any of these mental issues because I know I won’t be happy or okay til I’m normal. 
Not sick. Not in pain.

For my mom to tell me I have the easiest life in the world really hurts. I am in misery. I keep trying to claw myself out of where I’m at and recently, I’ve been happy! Or I thought I was. But last night I felt a little strange and then today this all happens and I realize I was never happy, 
i was just trying to pretend I was. I’m exhausted. I’m tired. I’m having a hard time breathing and I just want it all to be over. 
I don’t want to be alive, but I can’t make myself kill myself. I’m a coward. I pray every night that I won’t wake up the next day, so when I roll over and see the sun through my blinds, see the posters on my walls and feel that I’m still here, I’m upset. 
The one thing I want won’t happen unless I do it myself. And I can’t bring myself to do it, no matter how hard I try. 


What makes it so much worse is my grandmother (dad’s side) called me while I was writing this. She brought up how our entire family has been depressed and how she felt like she was in a fog. She told me this while I’m ranting about wanting to die. How cruel is that? 

Even worse, my grandfather wanted to talk to me. He is the only father figure I’ve ever known, the only man I’ve ever trusted and loved and 
my light and purpose. He is the only person to ever, fully love me. His love is unfaltering and he’s always been here for me. I had to give short responses because I was sobbing, but I’m really good at hiding it now, so I don’t think he noticed. 

And then he told me he loves me so much and to please take care of myself. He told me he loved me again. I broke. I think he might’ve heard me, but I don’t know. I needed that so badly, but the worst part is, it isn’t changing my mind. I still want to die. 
How can I be so cruel and selfish? 
That’s disgusting of me. 

I don’t even know if I want to send this now. But I just don’t know what to do. Want to die, but can’t do it. Coward. Don’t really want help, but here I am anyway. I just want someone to acknowledge me and understand. I want someone out there to understand why I want this and understand me. I want someone to know I exist as well. I don’t have any friends and few family that speaks to me. My mom is the only person that really talks to me. I dropped out of high school a while ago because of teachers claiming I was faking my illnesses and I can’t get a job because my immune system is so weak. I’ve had a cold for a month now. And I am a complete loser. 

I might sleep now. Actually sleep, not die. Still too much of a coward to do that.
 I doubt anyone will read this, but it feels good to be able to put it all out there. 
My head is busting and my eyes are so swollen. I don’t even much care, really. No where near as painful as my current thoughts. 

I’m sorry if you actually read this. 

TL;DR: your basic chronically ill, suicidal teen doing basic suicidal teen stuff. Angry at parent, wants to die, too much of a coward to do it.