List of fuckery that went down  

4/17/2020 (transitioned into 4/18/2020 because have been crying since 10pm give or take)

I just want to list down the reasons why I feel like I want to kill myself over. So let’s start: got no real purpose over here. Jidr hawa udhr mein? More or less. People are shit. Mtlb akheer level chutiye takrey jb bhi takrey. *Kya itna bura hoo mein, maa?* My sis-es are even shittier give or take. They had/have their peak moments but they make me feel like shit too. I push everyone away as a defense mechanism or I simply find everyone annoying. Cannot really vibe? Getting me? Mutual vibration? Sounds like mutual masturbation- oh well. I need a hug. A read bad fucking hug. But hai koi joi de skey? Besides the Jinn I might have made sad and annoyed with my intensive crying and breakdown – nada. None. Empty set. Null pointer. Phi. Every time I have tried to sleep tonight, I end up crying. And hence not getting any sleep? No shit Sherlock. But I do need my sleep otherwise that ugly blackout might come back. Ugh. I want to kill myself. The only reason not to are so fucking the reasons why I do want to kill myself for? For instance, they would be sad forever. Their jawan jahan beti, who never showed sign of mental stress (sarcasm) committed suicide? Wese falling from the chatt, would be painfully erotic and fun. I used the word erotic because I cannot think of any other fancy word for fun. Moving on, since, the backside, has walls and gamley, either I will hit the wall. Or the gamla. Or accidentally die and hit saath waley logo k ghar ki side wali dewaar (becharay). See how I say accidentally. LOL. It hurts. At this point, I am not sure what does? You acted so selfish, just to ease out of your guilt, you did this to me. Again. And it is funny how I am reacting to it. My head feels like it will explode. I cannot take more crying of today. It was so hard to control myself today. I feel like if I hadn’t it wouldn’t have been this bad. The pain would have just numbed the hurt and I would be sleeping in pain rn. That would have been better than anything I am feeling rn. Would give anything tobe numb rn. I swear. BC koi sleeping/drowsy pills hi ni mili ghar ein. I would drowned that and tried to sleep. Khair.  In conclusion, I am not ok and thank you everyone for their contribution in this fuckery.