I messed upi post on here like once every 6 months or so it seems.  not even sure why I'm doin this because there's plenty of legit people you can help who might off themselves otherwise, who don' treally want to but just on't see a way out.

I see it fine, I just can't take it.  I'm poor and jobless with 2 degrees, dont even try to look for work anymore.  I've led a charmed life up till i actually had to take charge of it myself.  Run it right into the goddamn ground.

I miss my ex so much.  I can't do a new relationship before I figure thi sshit out though, nobody deserves to deal with that.  I keep going to bars and these BDSM social things hoping to maybe get laid by someone who cares just enough to help but no more, because more would be dangerous, but no.  I can't even approach the idea because it's been so long.  I spent all my tim e studying and gaming when I should've been social, I'm a walking stereotype.

And now I'm in love with a girl who I introduced to these socials and she's poly and kissed nearly every girl and half the guys there...btu living together for months has no interest in me.  I've had more shocked looks at these things than I can count.  "you mean you haven't tapped that?  wut&gt;:"  "you haven't had sex in HOW long&gt;?"  "you're not bad looking whats the deal&gt;?"

i'm tired of watching people make out and be happy for tehm yet wish it was me.  I'm tired of remembering my ex, how much I loved her, and how little that meant int he end.  I'm tired of watching peolplle hurt each other and betray their trust and rape and kill and say terrible things and get over it and be better peopl or still be bad but get at least some of what they want either way while I try to bee a good person and not hurt and get NOTHING and NOONE and I can't get over this stupid little thing that SHOUKLD'NT even be TRAUMA but I treat it like it is.

Except it's trauma I can't talk about with anyone because it just makes me look stupid and weak and exacrtly how I feel, and that's bad somehow.  weakness is unattractive.  honestly is unnattractive.  open hearts are unattractive.

I completely fail at being a man.  I just hope I can do the manly hting and die.  (yes I know that's a false man thing I don't care)