Don't know what to doI don't know that I'm suicidal or what.  I have had possibly the shittiest 6 or 7 years -jesus christ has it been that long that's fucking depressing right there.  I'll just put my tl;dr and fuck the detail:  

Lost first job out of college and apartment at same time, had to move to buttfuck to move back in with parents, had a series of shitty menial jobs, met a girl, lost friends because of girl, she cheated, developed a kink to stay in relationship with girl, lost girl anyway, can't get rid of kink, had the worst psychiatrist and psychologist that probably exist, started drugs, lost teeth, gained weight, my current job is a soul-sucking mindless job that should not even exist, am so pathetic I have friends I can't stand because I don't want to fucking be alone.

To top it all off I watched Sunset Limited last week...  

My life is fucking meaningless.  

It's gotten to the point that I wake up even more depressed because my dreams are better than my goddamn life.  Seriously.  Dreams about having a girlfriend.  Makes me fucking want to cry when I wake up and realize that the person I cuddled with in my dream I haven't seen in 5 years and never will again.  

I used to write.  After college I couldn't get past page one and still haven't on anything.  I don't understand people, I think is my problem.  I don't know why anyone does what they do, for any reason.  It makes no fucking sense to me.  So I swing between thinking people are great/nice and sneaky/evil.

I honestly don't know what to do.  I've tried.  I quit drugs, even weed, which I think might have been self-medicating the depression.  I quit smoking, which now I find out has MAOIs in them and also could have been helping depression.  Nothing I do is right!  And what does it matter?  Should I just go for broke, heading for rock bottom?  I don't want to end up a drugged out homeless guy with aids.  Or do I clean my shit up and head for a monastery somewhere to get away from everything.  No shit, both of these sound good to me right now.  And I'm an atheist.  

I can't take it and if something doesn't change I'm worried what I might do.  To myself or even to someone else.  Because if I snap in the wrong place, I don't know what could happen.  The drugs messed with me somehow, I have many more violent thoughts than I used to. 

Shit, I'm scared.  Please help.  I'm sorry.  This is stupid but I'm still going to post it.  Fuck, even that's pathetic.  