Don’t give me positive affirmation or some hotline. You don’t even know me. I’m a sick dog that needs put down.I was abused as a kid and now I can’t function in society. I don’t see many options outside of living in the woods or just ending it. I repeatedly fuck my life up and I’m not getting any younger. I am a burden on those few I care about. 

Life doesn’t seem too bad sometimes but I have no way to meaningfully spend my time. I work out and scroll reddit every waking minute I am not at work, but any joy I get from these activities is fleeting and I don’t really benefit from them. Sure, I have a better physique, but what’s the fucking point? I’m still alone. 

Speaking of work, I don’t fit in with anyone so every place I work, my coworkers treat me like shit. This wouldn’t be an issue, but it limits any chance I have a moving up and who wants to be alienated each and every day? Speaking of alienation, I was isolated as a kid, often shoved in one room and denied necessities. Boy, how modern life, even before covid, wreaks hell on that PTSD. I can’t adapt to such loneliness, but, today, if you’re over 18, good luck maintaining, let alone establishing some sort of half ass social life. 

No one is kind or empathetic. Everyone is too privileged and thinks everyone else also has the luxury of having a family to fall back on. I was bullied my whole life but it got better as I became an adult. Then, everyone around me, what little support network I had, started getting knocked up or moving back in their parents. I’m completely alone and if I try to talk about it, I’m just considered crazy.

So fuck it. If I’m like a sick dog, a burden on everyone’s life, fucking put me down already. I wish someone would do the world this favor. 

Unless you come from some type of “stable” upbringing or money, you are fucking boned in America. Have fun barely scraping by while most people in your life make damn sure you know how expendable you are. Have fun working your ass off everyday, only to come home to loneliness and the Internet, where no one actually cares despite countless empty comments and virtue signaling. I don’t even so drugs or smoke weed anymore, due to anxiety, so there isn’t even that escape for me. I’ve lost too many family members to alcoholism to drink and nothing else makes me happy which seems to make others happy. Sorry I’m not content being alone and playing Xbox forever. Sorry I’m not okay with his Homer Simpson-esque existence.