I'm happy, but what difference does that make?I'm happy. I feel better than I've ever done before. I get help, I get proper medication and I feel satisfied with where I'm going in life. I have found meaning and purpose and joy in living! 

But really... what difference does it make? 

Last weekend something happened to me. I collapsed at a party and ended up at the hospital. The doctors think I got drugged. It was traumatic and horrible. I was scared and in pain, but most importantly I was so ashamed. I have a history of losing it when I get drunk and it is common knowledge that I really shouldn't be drinking. Yet here I was... at a party, drinking. Before this event i'd been sober for a few months and I know I shouldn't have gone out, but my friends convinced me and before I collapsed I actually had quite a good time. Now, this "incident" only convinced me even more to stay sober and to not drink, but I really can't stop blaming myself for what happened. They say I was drugged but it must have been my fault somehow. Mostly because that's what my friends keep telling me...

I live in a big apartment with two of my friends, both of them were present when I collapsed. Anyway, they have decided to kick me out. Because of what happened at that party. They don't want to be responsible for me when (not if, when) these things happen. They say it ruins their own happiness to constantly worry and take care of me. That I'm a time bomb and a risk. Dangerous and depressing. Now, as I mentioned at the very beginning I am in a really good place in my life so I didn't really understand what they were saying. They don't need to worry. What happened was an accident (right? maybe it wasn't?) and I will not drink again, I don't want to! But they do not believe me. They say they believe that I WANT to stop drinking and get better, but that I won't be able to. 

Just a few months ago I was a total mess. I was unemployed, I had no money, I lived isolated and alone, I couldn't afford food so I only ate 2-3 times/week, I partied all the time, did drugs and frequently hurt myself and others. Then I did what everyone expected me to do, I tried to kill myself. Obviously I didn't succeed and I ended up at the hospital instead. That's when I decided to turn my life around and start living. And I did! I decided to move back home to the countryside, I stopped drinking, got proper psychiatric help and a diagnosis (BPD). I started taking care of myself and applied for classes at the university. All of a sudden I could see myself living a long, happy life. 

Anyway... I came back to the city to study. (So far I love it. Very happy about it) Moved into this great apartment with my friends. Went to one (one!) party, things went to hell and now apparently I am too. 

To get to the point: I'm now homeless (again) and have nowhere to go. I feel as if I will never be able to outrun my former mistakes. No matter what I do, no matter how good I might feel, I will always be seen as a disaster and a problem. Right now nothing makes any sense and absolutely everything feels hopeless and meaningless, despite the fact that I'm happy and on the right track in life. It feels like I can't do anything right. Like I will forever be judged by who I once was. I really don't think I can handle getting torn down and having to build myself up one more time. It feels like I've done it a billion times already. I'm just so tired... I really don't see the point in fighting for myself again when it obviously doesn't really make a difference. I think about killing myself and it feels okay. It feels like the only reasonable thing to do. It is what everyone expects anyway, and they're probably right... it doesn't matter what I do or who I become, I should just go ahead and end it already. I am 19 years old and I have already ruined everything. I ruin everything for everyone. I'm a problem and a burden and I must die. I must die so everyone I ever knew can be happy. I must disappear and vanish and go away. I can't make any sound, I can't be seen, I am disgusting and a disgrace. Death is the only thing for me. I have to kill myself. I have to I have to. I can see it in everyone's eyes, that they want me gone. I feel so sorry for ever taking up all this space and wasting all this time. I feel so sorry and I feel so dirty and I feel so heavy. Please please please let me die this time.
