I'm a lucky, gullible idiot with no real problems. How insulting would it be for me to seek inpatient care?Hey all, I've never had the balls to attempt suicide but all of the "warning signs" are my normal and have been for months. I'm wondering if I should maybe go to a hospital, but I live in an environment that's severely hostile to showing weakness. If I even imply that I'm hurt, I get screamed at, so I'm thinking it might honestly be easier to die than ask for help not to die at this point. 

You don't have to read all this but it's additional context. Last paragraph is the one that matters. 

Don't talk to me about therapy, therapists consistently ghost me. I'm that bad. I just told one to shove it up her ass today because I'm sick of being strung along for money. I also had a best friend dig up one of her dead relatives in a lie just to avoid maybe having to invite me out today. Coincidentally, my therapist used that excuse for ghosting me yesterday, too. I drove really recklessly on the way home. I was really hoping something might happen and my family would think it was a freak accident. 

My only real problems are that I'm trans and ADHD. Not being able to hold a job, failing school, losing friends are all problems too, but they're my fault. The one thing keeping me from ending it is my 10 year old little cousin, but when her sister died she didn't even react so I'm starting to think maybe it'd be better for her if I went too. I'm a bad influence on her anyway. I have family and all but I don't feel like any of them love me. I learned I can't feel love from the people in my life a long time ago -- something in my wiring, I think. My family is transparently manipulative on one side and openly hateful on the other so I can't really comprehend sincerity unless it's hurtful. When people try to get heartfelt with me, I'm repulsed. It always feels like they're lying so they can use me. 

Here's the important part. 

So, I've never attempted. I'm not sure if it's worth checking into a hospital over. I'll be in deep shit at home if I do, or even if I ask, and I'll never live it down. Everyone in my life has far worse trauma than I could even imagine, and I'm sure the people who go to those things are the same, so if I show up and talk about my "problems," how much of an ass am I gonna make of myself? Does it even help you? My family and friends have always described it like pointless torture, or like prison. I don't know if I'm going to make it another year, when I can start numbing it with alcohol and cigarettes. If that doesn't help me, do I have any other options, or am I hopeless? It also costs money, and considering my mother has been paying for everything I've ever done for 20 years, I'm wondering if I'm even worth the extra expense. I doubt it. 

Thanks.