It won’t stopHi. I’m 20 and I’ve been despressed and suicidal since i was little. My parents abused and gaslighted me and were overall kinda narcissistic and maybe a bit insane. I think my mom is bipolar but she refused to see a doc or therapist and lets all her emotional baggage out on me. My dad struggles with mental problems and an eating addiction himself and does the same. Since i’m the oldest daughter i got blamed for everything that happened. No money, i am too needy and used too much. Even tho i never got pocket money. My sister broke something or is failing in school, i got hit for it since it’s my responsability to make her succeed and behave. Well you get the point. Ever since i was smaller i just wanted to end myself. I remember how i climed up really high trees and was just standing there thinking about if it would kill me if i jumped. At 17 years old my parents kicked me out and I was under the governments care. I don’t know how it’s called elsewhere but here in germany it’s jugendamt. Since July i got out and live in a shared flat with a flatmate on my own cuz it was hell there. I was in therapy for about 5 years until now. I stopped because my therapist started to get frustrated with me and the last session he just started to yell at me and accuse me of not wanting to better myself. I am trying. I really am. I don’t even know what makes me so depressed rn. I have a wonderful boyfriend, i make enough money to buy me unnessesary things that make me happy temporaly, i meet up with friends, i live alone and soon will be living with my boyfriend, i’m still taking my meds. But still i have those suicidal thoughts. They always have been there. They get worse when  forget to take my meds or if something hurts me emotionally. My boyfriend hurt me twice really badly and it was the worst pain inside me i have ever had. It was almost a tipping point to finally just end it. But i didn’t. I never even cut myself. Every time i wait for my subway my brain tells me to just take a step and be over with it. Everytime i just enjoy doing something my brain tells me to take a bullet to me brain or overdose on my sleeping meds. I haven’t slept in months and i just feel so tired and exhausted. The more happy i get the more suicidal i become. I’m so sorry for venting but i don’t know who to tell and talk about it. I feel like i sound like a broken record. No wonder my therapist gave up on me i guess. I would’ve never guessed to live up to the age of 20. I feel like i should’ve been dead by now. On the inside i am already. It just hurts so much and it never stops. I’m sorry i will probably delete it soon i just needed to write something down and see if that might help.