I can't take care of myself anymore. I feel like a burden and I want to give up.I'm in my early 20s. I'm married to my best friend of several years. I dropped out of high school when I was 16 and I never had the confidence or motivation to get my GED. I've applied to jobs last year and the start of this year, but I never get a response. The only interview I managed to get, I messed up because of my social anxiety.

I've been seeing a therapist and psychiatrist since I was 14. I only just stopped self-harming because of my meds. I'm on a bunch of different meds, most for my mental health, like an antipsychotic, mood stabilizer, and antidepressant; the rest of my meds are for my physical health, which is deteriorating. I have such a lack of energy, I spend most of the day sleeping, unless I take my prescribed stimulant, Adderall. 

I don't take care of myself. I can go weeks without showering, brushing my teeth, brushing my hair, or changing my clothes. I have some teeth rotting, and one of them fell out already. I don't have dental insurance so I can't see a dentist right now, even if I could manage to get myself to leave the house. I don't leave the house at all actually, only maybe once a month to pick up my meds if someone else can't do it. (I get terribly sick physically and mentally if I miss a day of meds)

I would say my life has been like this since I dropped out of high school. I dropped out of high school because of my social anxiety and depression. I don't even know how I managed to get married / find someone to love me or be intimate with me. I used to be able to shower and put on makeup every now and then when I was younger, but I can't do that anymore. I just look and smell like a dirty homeless woman. Actually, if it weren't for my family and husband to take care of me and let me live with them, I would probably be homeless and dead within a month.

I am nothing but a burden to everyone, especially my husband. He makes comments about how I don't do anything with my life, etc. I know he's right. I know I need to just get off my ass and get my life together, but it's not that easy. My social worker has suggested going on disability for my diagnosis of bipolar disorder, but I don't think they'd take me seriously. 

I just feel hopeless and like everybody in my life would be better off without me. I contribute nothing. Last night, I thought about killing myself and getting it over with. I honestly feel like it would improve everyone's life. I'm going nowhere and I feel like I'm getting worse and worse. My husband deserves someone better than me.

Does anyone have any suggestions on how to better my life, but in very small baby steps? I want to learn how to take care of myself, too.