Too many bad things have happened for things to be good again.I don't know what to say. I don't want to be alive. I guess that's obvious or I wouldn't be posting here. 

I know this will come off melodramatic but I have had a hard life. I am 24, and I have been through more than what most people go through in a whole life time. I grew up abused. I've dated men who abused me. I have been sexually assaulted multiple times. I lost a parent to suicide. Despite all of this I've been fairly "successful" as society defines it. The result is that I'm surrounded by people who have had all of the advantages in the world, who have had "normal" lives and can't understand in the least what it feels like to be me. 

Needless to say I have PTSD. I have been in treatment for years, but things aren't getting better. I will get better for a few months here and there and then things come crashing down again. I have had two of my worst flashbacks ever in the last two weeks. I can't sleep. When I do I have nightmares. I want to cut so incredibly badly. I am tired of switching meds. The newest one doesn't work (obviously) and has made me fat which makes me hate myself more. 

I am exhausted and angry. I don't want to live a life like this. And I truly don't see it ever getting any better. I think with the level of crud I've dealt with my brain is just past the point of no return. No amount of therapy or drugs could make me okay. I'm so so so tired of fighting to get better. It's almost too much to make it out of bed these days. 

The thoughts about ending it are always there, but they've been loud recently. I feel like I've earned it. After everything I've dealt with I think I deserve to just get some rest. The only thing keeping me from it is seeing the impact my parent's suicide had on people. I have a partner that I love deeply, and I can't hurt him that way. But I am starting to think that if he really loves me, he'll understand that this is the best thing for me, that I'd be happier dead than I ever could be living the painful life that's carved out for me for the next 60 years. 

I don't think I am going to do it tonight, but I am sitting here crying and praying to something that I don't even believe in that I just won't wake up so that I don't have to face this again. I don't know what to do. 