Today things change - today I'm taking back control.Hi SW, hi friends.

I've fought with you during weeks, a few months ago. I tried to explain to every lost soul out there that there was hope, that all was not lost. That there was always a change that it would get better. I have tried my best to cheer some persons up - remember the grandma drawing? That was me.

Well, I was wrong. I'm sorry to everyone that I am letting down. I feel like I owe you an explanation.

Two weeks ago, I became single. For real this time. This is a state I had not experience for 6 years. To keep it short - the first 3 years were spent with who I thought was the true love of my life. We had high standards, and I willingly believed rock hard that we were living up to them. We got engaged before 40 our of our mutual friends, with vows, beautiful specially carved rings, tears, snacks and games. Until of course she cheated on me, and left me to cry. Some friend talked me out of it, and I decided to keep living for now.

The next 3 years were spent with a girl who jumped on me, we dated for a while, and then out of the blue - date rape. My mind went blank so I don't have details - all I said is that she said no and I didn't listen. This only triggered more abuse from me on her, because I felt only more guilty, like a vicious circle, it poisoned both our first and our second relationship (with a 3 month pause between them). I had sworn we could do better, but we failed.

I just got off the phone with her. She had a chance to express everything she could not tell during the relation. Everything she endured from me, how she felt exactly, all the efforts she did. All the efforts I didn't do. Everything everybody was telling her about me. How she was mistaken about me. How she loved me.

Except that last part is a lie. She never loved me, because she never got to meet the real me in the first place. No one did, for 3 years now. She only thought she loved me - or rather, here conservative christian roots' morality said she ought to keep on loving me until death, because I had taken her virginity. She also thought she loved me because she was co-dependant - an easy mistake to make, with which I am only too familiar.

That phone call shattered what was left of my heart, several times. Every doubt (or hope?) that I had about the quality of relationship evaporated. It became clear to me that, even though she assures me if it was only up to her, we'd still be together (so much for 'mutual break-up'...) us breaking up was definitely the best thing for her, her convictions, her goals in life and her future. I have no regrets in that it was the right decision for her. One that I had taken 1 year and 3 months ago, but which I regretted when 3 months later, her life was more of a mess than in our first, insane relationship.

However, it also made another thing crystal clear: I have - long ago - lost the last person who ever understood me. That person was my first girlfriend. She saw through me and made me feel deeply understood and loved. Even though we've been through pretty intense stuff (self-harm, cutting, suicide attempts, psychiatric hospital - it was with her that I learned to check my watch when she got out of my sight. With her that I learned what to do when you find someone unconscious in her bath, covered in blood. I was 16. I'm 21 now.), even though all of that would be considered by anyone sane as "as shitty as it gets", I loved it. Because it was so intense, I actually felt like I was living. For the first and last time in my life.

Oh how I miss that time. I never recovered. It's one of the reasons I treat my second long-term girlfriend like shit. Because I was so frustrated that she was not like the first one. She did nothing to deserve that. Nor to deserve the fact that I jumped on her the first time she trusted me enough to come to my house. I am deeply sorry for all of that, and have expressed it endlessly - it has poisoned my whole existence for 3 years, and even now that the relationship is over, I can't get it out of my head.

But more importantly, I never recovered from how little people around her (my first girlfriend) and I cared. Her father distanced himself behind his grumpy bear behavior (he was actually a really likable guy - often I would get up at night when I heard him come back from the bar and talk with him the better part of the early morning). Her mother was too busy getting her relationship with her fourth husband to work. My parents considered suicide a taboo - much like death, sex, or pretty much anything intimate.

I hate the world so much. Not in that whiny "I'm 14 and people laugh at my green hair color fashion". But in that "I'm 21 and I realize most people are coward or assholes" way. I will never forgive people for watching us and not helping us. Not a single soul. We were 6 feet deep into depression (she dragged me down), and the most help we got was her father telling me "to think about me. To take time, and make a place for me-activities in my life". I should've listened to him.

Despite all of this, I know she understood me. With her I learned that I was way more fucked up than I actually showed to be. In appearance, I was a bratty, self-sufficient, noisy, hypersensitive, inconsiderate, whole, insufferable kid. In reality, this was the result of year of bubbling, censorship, ignorance by my parents, and rejection by the outside world. She was so fucked up that she made me feel normal. And I accepted her for who she was - win-win.

(rest in comments - too long for self-post)