Read if you want...This isn't a cry for help, or a plea, an attempt at attention, or even a final note to the world (I hope)...

We are far beyond that at this point.

My name is Samuel, born on the 26th day of April, 1991.

When I was 14, I noticed that I didn't perceive, nor experience things in the same ways as other teenagers, or adults for that matter. Because of this, throughout my foray into adulthood and beyond, I have always been the easy person to single out; at the same time, I have also learned how to be the chameleon that no one notices.

One of my friends put it simply: I have the mental and genetic makeup to be a nightmarish serial killer, yet somehow there was a step that was cut short... some action or event that should have occurred, but didn't, leaving the circuit open, so to speak.

I find this both depressing and funny. Truth be told, one of my personal favorite quotes, "Life is a joke, albeit, a bad joke, but a joke nontheless; learn to roll with the punchlines," has become the guideline to my life. I thought...

Back to 14.

Being ostracized, told you're different, being made fun of, beaten, bruised, thrown down stairwells, framed, laughed at... it's all good for character. It shows you what you are truly made of. Tests your mettle. Sends your soul through the crucible.

To be honest, it isn't the external inputs that most people should be fearful of. No, the most dangerous enemy any one person faces, the monster, the quiet, creeping, seething creature that is the true threat to your existence, at all times, is your own mind.

I have been at war with myself ever since I entered "civilization."

And, let's face it, it sucks. It really does. People are idiots, the mob, senseless, writhing, never accounting for personal actions of the self, always criticizing the actions of others. There exists a mirror for a reason. That reflection should always be the loudest voice in your mind, pounding, reverberating, coursing through the cracks in the glass.

For most, this might be a good thing. Mine might actually succeed in killing me.

(No, this message isn't concise and laid out clearly, which should speak volumes about the person who is writing this.)

Here's a joke: what happens when you take a (probably) slightly psychopathic, introverted, not-clinically depressed kid, who has been sheltered by his parents his entire life, told that there is a certain way to think, home-schooled and kept out of the system, he will always be special, and that life must have an amazing plan for him?

You set his mind up to be hit by the biggest scorched earth policy since the United States dropped Agent Orange and napalm in Vietnam.

Every. Single. Element.

For most individuals, you go out into the world, you find friends, you find love, you communicate freely and you meet people and network, and there is absolutely no shred of effort in this. This isn't a bad thing. It's great! People should absolutely be able to do these things, and exercise their minds in these areas.

Me... mine was different. Survived high school, and all the days that I would come home and wonder, "what really dramatic and extra ways can I think of to make my death legendary?" I'd make Shakespeare cry.

Funny how most of the kids in my school thought I would be the next school shooter, even though the only thoughts of harm that ever came to me was either killing myself, or finding a way to burn the school down, with no one in it. I never intended to harm any of them. Strange... now that I think about it. Sure, many of them probably deserved to have their nails ripped out by pliers, but giving them something as extreme as death was never really an option... maim maybe, or slightly injure, scare.

But... according to the United States Department of Justice, none of these events ever happened.

All I really learned, because school itself was a fucking joke and I passed everything without even really studying (I wrote a 2,000 word essay in 15 minutes because it was the last day of turn in), was that I couldn't really trust people, I couldn't depend on hardly anyone for anything, and the only band of friends I had kept me around because of my math skills whenever they were dealing pills.

I wish I could say things changed in college.

The depression, like a lurking nightmare in the darkness, didn't go away. It just found a more tactically advantageous position to terrorize me from.

Same bullshit, different story. Roommate was a drug dealer, he was in with all the cool kids, always was able to find a woman whenever he wanted to, and I was the nerdy, pasty weirdo who was quiet all the time, had no self esteem, zero charisma, and was quickly finding out that the Department of Defense scholarship I got for my mechanical engineering degree was probably going to go to waste.

There is one positive about this. I got a front row seat to how effective proper networking is. I also discovered Mary Jane. Fun times... the only time I feel like I was able to have an actual conversation with the horror in my mind instead of just having to beat it back with a stick.

Of course all "good" things must come to an end, and at the end of a second semester at the Polytechnic campus, I was a D student, and I was just sick of it all. The only difference between college and high school was that the teachers were more liberal, the kids were turning into adults, drugs were like candy, and I was incredulously behind on the social learning curve. Also, flunking out of college after telling yourself for the last five years that this was the path you had to take, kind of kits you in the humility and ego department.

I began to just tell myself that I was stupid, worthless... a worm that crawled through the trenches of the earth, only to rise and be picked off by the infinitely more successful birds of the air.

So, that's a fairly indecent view of my mind, right?

Oh wait, there is so much more.

After my crash and burn in college, I came back home, lived in my parent's basement, and found that all the motivation and inspiration that existed in my life was dead, completely. My mother, of course, saw this as an excellent opportunity to get some work out of her son, and got me to repair half the issues with the house we lived in at the time (365 S. Third St, Globe, Arizona, if I recall correctly).

Met up with a few old "friends" from high school, the slightly deranged, always droopy, possibly anarchist and sleazebag types, and I found out we liked to smoke weed together too. Some good memories, some bad.

It was also during this time that I met the first love of my life, and quite possibly, the most dangerous one too. I won't say her name, but I will say that I tolerated more than a man should ever have to deal with, and controlled my anger and pain more times than I can count. It taught me valuable lessons on the importance of having lines that do not get crossed, and I learned that I was not quite as strong as I thought I was.

I joined the Navy six months after meeting her, went to bootcamp, all the requisite schools, finally, the fleet, and deployment. 4 years had passed at this point, and without going into details, I found that she was unloyal to me, and she was the viper that pretended to be the dandelion, and I could no longer tolerate any more of her psychotic realities (cheating on me while I'm on leave to visit you and aborting my unborn child without telling me kind of does that to a man).

After this point of breakup, I considered suicide, and for the, so far, first and only time in my life, I actually attempted it. This scene may have well been taken out of a Shakespearean play, because it was tragically comical. Put a gun to my head, pulled the trigger, round refused to fire. Primer cap was busted. Obviously, someone or something was looking out for me, because no coincidence is that coincidental.

As a sidenote: really I'm just so fucking done with extending my services out to people without any reciprocation in return. The amount of effort I put into others is astounding sometimes, involving money, emotional support, inspiration... but I never really receive anything in return, most of the time.

Back to the topic...

After the breakup with the now ex-fiance, I decided to try the dating world and I extended out beyond my typical reach to find, what I guess I could call, the one. Obviously, I haven't succeeded, but I think I've isolated the traits and emotional characteristics that cause problems for me.

It's both my fault and their fault. It's their fault for being psychotic, manipulative, spoiled rotten, and not used to thinking for others that they don't fully understand, as well as jumping to conclusions. It's my fault for being too nice and lenient, not setting boundaries, and not listening to the voices in my head when I'm being given obvious signs that the certain person I'm interested in, is in no way shape or form good for my own well being.

It sounds selfish and short-sighted, sure, but the most important person in the world is myself. This isn't intended to be a statement based on a fact that you can research, it's based on the relative perception of myself. Everyone should always be their own most important person.

The point of teamwork, and being in a relationship in general, at least from my perspective, is understanding that while you are the most important person to yourself, in the grand scheme of things, their successes and failures are also indeterminately linked to your own now.

That is how marriages and partnerships succeed.

Both parties have a goal and are willing to achieve that goal.

Kind of the statement of the human condition, to be honest. The human mind is almost entirely incentive driven. We seek a reward for our actions, whether it be through social acknowledgement, finances, or just general success in whatever we do in life.

Isn't that the point of life?

To roll with the punchlines and strike out an existence that means something, not to other people, but to yourself?

I would like to think that...

(Dates don't really matter here, this article will continue to be updated with random threads on an indeterminate basis until my own existence cancels out, or I find what I'm looking for.)

Let's talk about love now...

I think Rick and Morty had a very solid point when relating to the article of "love." Love is simply a chemical reaction in your brain, releasing increased levels of dopamine and other "feel-good" chemicals that tells your body that this person is worth your time (I'm sure my fellow chemists and physicians could probably explain that a bit better).

Love is basically life's greatest trick.

Life, or rather, your perception of life is the greatest illusion that your existence ever gave you.

In the grand scheme of the universe, an uncomfortable trend appears. In short, your life doesn't matter. Your existence does not determine the grand plan's course.

You could die right now, and the earth would continue spinning, the sun would continue shining (for another couple billion years, at least), and the universe as a whole would carry on with it's machinations as if you never existed in the first place.

Maybe this explains the correlation that links intelligence and depression so close to each other... probably.

As the same applies to us, so to does it apply to possibly other civilizations out there. One of them could pass on, and it would not affect our daily lives in the slightest category.

But I digress...

To bring this all to a close before further updates present themselves, I am lost. I feel without hope.

I don't have an incredible wife to support me.

I don't have a family that would understand me.

I don't have many friends that would make me feel any better about the finality of being born unto a world that attempts to destroy you until it finally succeeds in that dreary task.

Does this article make any sense? Probably not.

I wouldn't necessarily even say that this is a suicide note. I'm always in an effort to treat life like the grand joke it is. What's the point of ending it early?

I also understand that there are quite a few people out in the world who would be absolutely devastated if something ever happened to me, and I'm trying to be responsible and understand that.

This isn't the spontaneous kind of depression; this is the depression caused by heartbreak, rejection, humiliation, and hubris, piled higher and higher as the years have continued.

This is the slow knife, so to speak.

While I'm not inherently at risk, at the moment, I do hope that others can see this and understand that this isn't an isolated incident. I'm writing this because I've finally reached the point where compartmentalization just won't cut it anymore.

EDIT: With respect to the community and the people who may be reading this, I edited A LOT of information out that I had originally written up.