I wish I wasn't so weird and offputtingMy whole life I was always misunderstood. Something about me, whether it is my body language, the way I talk, my voice, or just my overall physical presence puts most people off. Only the most understanding of people can stand being around me. Everyone thinks it's "shyness" or a lack of confidence. I got over my shyness and have little to no social anxiety. And How the fuck do I just "become confident" if my whole life has just been shit? No it's not shyness or social anxiety but rather just me being straight up off putting. 

Because of this just about every aspect of my life is a constant uphill battle. 

Work: I pursued a lucrative field so getting interviews isn't too bad, but getting passed that first interview is a challenge. Like out of almost 15 interviews only one company wanted to hire me. They see that I have a good resume but the way I present myself makes them run the other way. 

friendships: I don't have very many friends and spend countless weekends home alone because no one wants to do things with me. I joined various clubs at my school and while I can have people talk to me at the semi-private events there is never that just hanging out with them. I just don't click with most people. 

Romance: I have very little romantic experience. I'm good looking and tall enough that I can get plenty of dates online and interest but on said date, the vast majority of girls "don't feel that chemistry" or "connection." Something about my physical presence or the way I present myself sends them running the opposite way. At a couple of parties I had a few guys confront me because I made the girls feel uncomfortable. I did have a romantic connection a couple times, the first was a girl who was a bit on the slutty side and the second is a girl who I found out was just using me until a better option came along. 

Normally this would be ok if I was 21 or 22 but I'm almost 27. I saw my sister this weekend and she talked about how she's going to her college besties wedding and how she and her old college friends are out and about. 

Even if I miraculously create friendships right now there's no way I will be able to compete with their college buddies they knew for years. Similarly, I see those young beautiful girls and feel depressed knowing that by the time I get the social skills/charm needed to have a great sex life, I will be "far too old" for those young girls. 

Therefore I have a plan to just end it. Write a note apologizing to my parents and telling them the location of my body. I'm sure no one else will miss me. 