What I've done is extremely fucked up, dumb and weak and I think about it all the timeIn the beginning of the year I was feeling extremely suicidal. I was looking back at my past and I used to smoke wayyyyyyyy too much. My whole days consisted of smoking all the time and eating garbage. I didn't eat enough fruits or vegetables or anything. I was always skinny and malnourished. This lasted from 18 until 27. I just didn't pay attention to my health because I was young and foolish, thought to myself: so many people live until old age while smoking all the time so who cares. My mom died young while always living healthy and my dad smoked until he was 40 and only died because he killed himself so I just thought it's nothing more than a lottery anyway. 

However, then I turn it around. I hit the gym 6 times per week. I eat 4000 calories of the cleanest foods per day. I go for an evening run every day. I graduate. I start my career. I volunteer in the weekend. I completely turn my life around.

However, I become extremely scared of my past. Get convinced I will die young of lung cancer. I feel such intense regret. We only have one life and I'm so unhappy with how I've lived in the past. It makes me spiral into the worst depression ever. I hate myself so much and I just want to kill myself everyday. That's all I can think of. 'Just end your pathetic life, you fucking loser'... Constant negative self talk like that.

In that mindset I contact my ex. She was 8 years older. I dumped her 1 month before she'd fly over to visit me 1 year ago. For me it was about knowing that I wasn't the right person for her because she got her life together and I didn't. However, much has changed since then and if I could rewind my life I'd love to have lived healthy and disclipined like I'm doing now so I'd have been ready for a relationship with her. So I write a sentimental message about how I miss her and so on 'I often wonder what could have been', but she's just being cold about it. 'It's over. Grow up. Get a grip. You were the worst dumper and I've improved a lot since then. I don't know what you want to talk about? I'm not interested.'

Because I'm feeling extremely suicidal I make a new account and tell her, without thinking about the consequences, that I'm done with life and also say 'fuck improving' in response to her 'improved a lot'... Then she gets angry (who wouldn't?)... I tell her I just think it's too late. She tells me nothing is too late and I'm just living in my tragic mind, blocks me. Then I make a new account and tell her how unhealthy I used to live and she's like 'so what? you were born healthy and wholesome so it was your choice to live in a dumphole!' and it keeps going like this. She blocks me, I make a new account. I'm only talking about myself and bothering her with shit she doesn't care about while I'm being extremely vulnerable and feeling like 'my life is ruined, there's no hope for me!!!'. She clearly tries to end the conversation countless times like saying 'just go to a therapist/doctor, that's all you need'... But I keep making new accounts. Then she's like 'you didn't change a bit and only went backwards' so I'm like: but I did change! I vent a bit more about how I ruined everything like dumping her or not following up on meeting her again after she proposed that a few months after our break-up. In the end she's clearly fed up with my shit and tells me: 'I can't stand listening to your whining. Fucking stop contacting me.'

However, 2 days later I'm feeling bothered by her 'didn't change a bit and only went backwards' while the whole reason why I'm depressed is because I've changed so much. I make another new account and tell her: but I did change.

Then she explodes, writes a horrible message filled with insults, accusations and putdowns. For example 'you'll never learn how to live your life'... That's exactly what I'm scared of so that sentence gets stuck in my mind and I become so depressed because of that.

24/7 I'm thinking about that shit. It just repeats allllllll the fucking time at an unbearable rate. It literally took me like 6 months to recover from it. The pain was so bad that I spammed the shit out of her. Everyday writing messages. At first angry and calling her extremely ugly and other mean shit like that, but later on I tried to do damage control all the time and just explain myself all the time. Apologize for insulting her back and begging to talk it out. She never caved. Just constantly ignoring me while I was living in agony. Inadvertently I turned myself into a stalker because I wrote sooooooo much to her. Like 10 messages on LinkedIn, two e-mails and on Instagram just constantly stuff that I'd later delete again only to write it again in different words.

Finally I stopped like 3 months ago and now I feel so bad about myself. Her words still echo just as heavily in my head. It's extremely annoying and I completely destroyed myself into letting her verbally assault her at my weakest point in life. It really broke me and I'd be doing so much better mentally if it hadn't been for this. 

So how do I recover from this? How can I be proud of myself again?