Fall from GraceI keep trying to get better. Unfortunately my concept of "better" is an elaborate schedule of arbitrary and enforced rules i create for myself, a routine that i attempt to develop and stick with for an extended period of time, 30 days for example. Some of my rules and routines have stuck around for almost ten years. I'm 25 and I haven't chosen an outfit apart from for a formal occasion in all of that time. My clothes are folded and ordered in intricate ways, with different rules memorised to complicate the matter. I have to remember the chronology of when i acquired every item, as this is the man backbone of the system. Then I have different rules for different types of clothes, different weather, days of the week. I'm bisexual so I even have this weird thing where on alternate days I dress to attract men/women specifically. Basically one day ill embrace what i consider to be my hetero side and the next my homo side on repeat for years. None of these probably close to 40 rules are written down, and those are just the ones for clothing which is only one aspect of my life. Sometimes i worry about how much mental space, focus and energy i use every day just to keep my systems alive.

Essentially the clothes are just an example. I make up rules for everything. The problem is that most are unsustainable, and don't stand the test of time. And when that happens its even worse. Every time a system breaks i fall into a deep depression. Usually I get up at 5am every day with my partner who is a builder and we hang out before he goes to work (I work in the evening, he works days , we don't always see a lot of each other). Today was my first day off work after 7 days on and i had a lot of personal goals and housekeeping that I needed to maintain today to keep my current system (estimated running time: 5 weeks. Basically a high score for me).  I also wanted to rest a little, so asked my partner to wake me at 6.30 instead of getting up at 5 with him.

He tried, he said, but he was running late for work. I woke up at 12. The house was empty. I woke up in fear and panic and ran through the house calling his name. I collapsed sobbing on the kitchen floor. (its possible i may have some abandonment issues). This is what I have always called a Lost Day. The day didnt start at the right time or even close to, the schedule/system is ruined. This is a failure. I struggle with self-harm and this is a situation where I had to work hard to control myself. I called my mum through sobs and stayed on the phone with her for 45 mins. She's very supportive but also very productive, and couldn't see why I could't start my day at 12. She said i was crying so much she initally thought something horrific like the death of my partner had occurred. It wasn't until after i got off the phone with her that I realised it was the death of myself. It was the death of the persona that I had been successfully manifesting for some time now that I was mourning, that successful (at least by my standards) persona is now gone. I have to wait for a fresh morning, sometimes even a fresh Monday morning, before I begin again. I can't make myself do anything if it does not have an impetus, a clear chain of events i guess? Most days I try to be good and start a new system, maybe one with a clearer focus on physical wellbeing, the next time maybe personal hobbies etc. However it can take days, weeks, or even months to discover a routine I can hold for longer than 2 weeks before the next depression slump.

&amp;#x200B;

Im not sure how normal/not normal any of this is. I don't know what i want from this post. Ive never used reddit before. If you made it this far tho, cheers.