Here we go again...Here we go... Crying as I type this shit out because that's what happens every time I need to talk about this shit. I've already tried once, it was a dumb idea and failed, and landed me 6 months in jail. The next time I won't be stupid, it will be 100% guaranteed. 

I will almost never initiate a conversation with someone, but if they talk to me, I'll talk to them for as long as they want, so this is hard for me.

I don't know what it is, probably just a combination of things. Been depressed since probably 16 or 17. Bad use of drugs put me into a psychotic state a couple years ago, that definitely didn't help with my depression. Left me with some sort of drug PTSD or something. There will be times when my mind just snaps back to that state of paranoia, and delusions. I don't know what I have, I don't know if I'm imagining shit to help cope with what happened when I was on the drugs. A couple nights ago, my brain kept working against me. I don't know whether to call them voices or what, but my head wouldn't stop bringing up how pathetic I was. And then my mind sank back into the delusion state, and it Kept telling me how wrong everything was. As i tossed and turned in my bed hoping for it to stop, I lost it. Started screaming for it to stop, if it wouldn't go away on it's own maybe I could make it. Hit my head off the wall a couple times, and fell down crying. It stopped... but I couldn't stop thinking about what happened. How i was slowly descending into insanity. 

It's extremely hard for me to open up to people... Mainly because I'm scared of being insane. I was in a psych ward before... I don't want to go back. 

I've seen a psychiatrist, I'm on meds for depression, I'm talking to a social worker (thanks Canadian healthcare). None of it is working. I still feel like crap everyday I wake up. I have no will to change, I have no will to work on myself, I have no will to do much of anything. Whats weird is when my friend comes over, I get happy, and want to hang out with him... like it's the last time it will happen.

Nobody knows about my delusions, I don't want to talk to anyone about it, I don't want to talk to my psychiatrist about it. Being depressed is bad enough, adding in some psychotic state, with the medication that comes with it? No thanks.

I'm falling into the same patterns as last time... staying up until I can't anymore... Watching movies, playing video games, going out late at night when I'm in my worst state, buying snacks. Like I think maybe if I just shower myself with the best things I can think of I'll find a reason not to do it. The only reason I haven't done it is because I haven't worked up the balls to. The last time, I had to try to get someone to do it for me. I guess I knew there was a chance it would fail... Told myself let's try it, if it happens, It won't matter then, mission accomplished, If it doesn't, You can always try again. 

Like what is the point of this totally meaningless existence? There is none. If we were all gone, all the Humans on this planet, The world would actually be in a BETTER state. 

Is life really this: Get a job, make money, make money to purchase food. Rinse and repeat. Just so you can continue on to live your meaningless existence. Fall in love, marry her, Why? Because your brain tells you she's wonderful, beautiful, attractive, why? You must procreate. You must contribute to the human hives existence. Now you have someone to share your meaningless existence with. Have kids, so they can grow up and do exactly as you did... contribute to the meaningless existence.

Bliss... Eternal Bliss... that's what I imagine when being dead. Call it heaven if you're the religious (cult) type, I don't care. Not having to worry about things, not having to think about things, not having to think. Just emptiness. Uninterrupted Emptiness.



