I don't know how much more I can take this.I'm a recently-turned-18 year-old-boy and I don't think there's anything for me to live for. I dropped out of school about two years ago now and I've done fuck all since. My life has gone nowhere. I as a person have gone nowhere. I used to read a lot at least and I had great ambitions for the future, but now I don't have the motivation to read most of the time and any ambitions I do have are squashed under  a cloud of depression over the fact that I'll probably never achieve them. I don't even aspire for anything grand. I just want a normal, happy work, social and sex life. 

Anyway, I've been suicidal for most of the last two years, and my time has been spent daydreaming, trolling around on the Internet, and simply being miserable. 

I've been under the adolescent mental health services, but I didn't feel that did me any good. I did start to feel better after a couple months of Citalopram, but even then, I was hardly happy. I kept telling myself I was happy, but I wasn't. I literally looked myself in the mirror about a thousand times and said that from now on I was going to be happy, or stop giving a fuck, but it never worked. These past few weeks I've gotten much worse and I am now perpetually suicidal again. Since I was in denial about my feelings I got signed off the adolescent services and didn't get transferred to the adult services. Now I'm fighting a battle to get under their care. I guess I need a long road of medication and therapy. 

Not only am I depressed about everything, but I have great anxiety problems too. I have a constant need to "start again". This applies to everything. I've made about 20 new email accounts over the past few months, for instance. I can't stop obsessing about everything I own not being physically clean too. I feel that I myself am kind of contaminated since I got my diagnosis of Asperger syndrome. 

I have so many problems that I feel like I simply *have* to kill myself. There is no other way out. Everything overwhelms me. Even if I somehow get better, I'll have wasted my teen years and I'll have no prospects. Chances are I won't kill myself because I've been saying this for two years now, and I'm so terrified of failing and injuring myself. But still, I'm absolutely serious about it and have gone as far as to put a knife to my wrists and throat and tie a noose. 

I'm really doubtful about my ability to get better anyway. Is there anyone who was as far gone as me who now lives a totally happy, normal life? I'm finding it hard to see them anywhere. It seems like everyone I ever talk to about this either can't relate to me at all or can relate to me because, at least some of the time, they still go through these feelings.