Some of us are not allowed to win... ever.I know I am not the only person here who has experienced this pattern of things never working out for us, through no fault of our own. 

Sure, I can get through the mundane activities without incident, but when something big or especially important comes up, you can bet someone is going to put the brakes on my success train. 

A good example is a recent event, I'll keep it vague and hopefully brief. Someone is doing me wrong, lawyer agrees this is wrong and that I have done everything right so far. Lawyer asks me to make a police report to document wrongdoing. I call the cops and of course I get a grumpy Wilford Brimley look-alike, attitude dripping off his walrus mustache, like he is pissed that I took him away from his oatmeal or something. 

Cop hears my story, sees a person doing me wrong right in front of his eyes, declares it to not be too bad and so no report, no action. Report this back to the lawyer, who is confused at why this was allowed to pass. No police report, no case. Of course, because you see, I felt good for a minute there. If a lawyer agrees that you have a case, then perhaps people will finally listen and stop doing you wrong. 

Nope. I am a doormat and the minute I begin to stand up for myself and take steps to prevent being walked all over, someone will shout "Oh no you don't! You get right back on that floor!"

I have turned this over and over in my mind. Perhaps I should visit the police station and run this by another officer, since Officer Brimley did not seemed grounded in the law or reality. Perhaps I should talk to another lawyer, to see if my case really does crumble because of one confused cop. 

But why? It has been my experience that I will just get punched in the gut again. This is the pattern in my life. Others can do just about anything, yes I have even been physically assaulted twice in my life and nothing of lasting importance happened to them. 

For years now, I have said that the only reason I go on with life is to take care of my cats but even that seems stale now. They would be cared for by someone else. 

In my heart, I don't really want to end it all, but damn... I can't take the frequent emotional blows. Everyone, even those who seem to live a charmed life, suffer occasional setbacks, I get that. But some of us seem to have the balance stacked against us. 

Anyone want to talk about their similar situation? Anyone have any ideas as to why some of us are cursed? (For lack of a better term.) 

  