Wasted PotentialI feel like I have wasted my potential.

I was born into a loving, close-knit family. I always knew I was loved. My parents made enough money that I could have most of the things I wanted.

I lived in a small countryside community. I had friends, I was doing well in school, I had my games consoles, life was good.

Then I moved.

My Dad was trying to save his marriage. I did not know that. I was happy to be moving. It was a new experience, a new exciting place, with new people.

I made few friends at my new school. I was never very sociable, and the other kids didn't seem to want to reach out to me. I got good grades. I was easily ahead of everyone in my classes. I hardly paid attention and still came out on top.

When I moved up to high school, I started making more friends. Mostly with kids that came from the same school I had come from. I latched onto one or two kids, and made friends with their friends. I was never really a part of the larger group. I was only there because I was intelligent, like my friends.

Here is where I stopped being the smartest. In high school, things were harder, I had to think. English lessons were less, 'can you read English?' and more 'poetry, literature, dramatic devices, blah blah blah'.

I was still easily one of the smartest kids in my year. I only had a few rivals for that spot, all of them my friends. I was worlds beyond the 'average' student.

Math is where I really shined. It was my favourite subject, and I took to it like a fish to water. I picked up algebra as easily as... something easy.  I memorised the quadratic equation in one hour. I always finished my work before other people.

I was more than good enough at all three sciences, and I was one of the better ones at French (I could remember more than 3 words).

I felt like the 'top' classes were filled with idiots, along with 3-4 geniuses.

I was OK at sports. Not great, not terrible. I didn't really like them that much, but I'd play if someone suggested it.

When it came time to take options (picking which classes I would get GCSEs for), I picked 3 sciences, French, social sciences and a BTEC in IT. The sciences because I was good at them and enjoyed them, French because I was better at it than my other choices, and social because my friends were there. The BTEC was because I was supposedly a computer whizz, meaning I knew how to use windows.

I sucked at French. I just couldn't be bothered to put in the effort required to pick up another language. So I started doing badly. I failed French.

I hated social. My teacher didn't like me, and it was kind of confusing. I got bored quickly, and eventually my teacher just told me not to bother coming in anymore. I failed social.

I didn't like English. I struggled with the work, but the lessons were rather casual so I could chat with my friends at least. I failed English.

I actually passed my Maths. A*. Whoo. Physics too. A. Biology: B. Chemistry: D.

I couldn't get the college courses I wanted. I needed my English GCSE, even though I had an Adult Literacy Test passed. It didn't matter that I wanted to do Maths, physics, electronics, computing and such. Or that I was fluent in English, and had a larger vocabulary than most.

I dropped out of college. I have been doing nothing for 2 years. I live with my mother. I don't leave the house.

I feel bad. I can't really describe much better than that. When I was a child, 6-7, I had an anger problem. I would flip out over the smallest things, and beat my big sister up. I could beat up my cousin, who was like 4 years older than me. My mother told me to fix my anger problem. I did.

I only recently realised that I am *very* disconnected from my emotions. I find it hard to identify them. I often only realise what my mood is when I say something cheerful, or mean. Or when I notice my facial expression. I can sit with a huge grin on my face and not realise I'm happy.

I notice Anger. The clenched fists, the grinding teeth, the raised heart-rate, the feeling of holding on *so tight* to my inner self.

I feel like I'm going to snap one day soon. I feel like there is a literal void where my heart should be. All I could have been. That I still could be if I wasn't lazy, if I wasn't a coward, if I would just fucking DO IT.

The Anger is strong. I've been holding on for so long. I don't want to break. But I do. Then I would be special. 'That kid who snapped'. 'That guy who killed all those people'. I want that.

I want to just let go, and punch, kick, bite, *kill*.

I feel like a monster.

I feel like I'm not human, like I'm so much better than you all.

I'm the smartest, I'm the best, I'm the worst, I deserve more than you! I'm nothing...

It's so hard not to break. I can't cry easily.

I try. I think on my life. I manage to conjure up sadness, I revel in it. It takes me hours before I can cry about, to just let it out. Then i bottle it after moments. I can't help it. I want to let it out, to just scream, to share it with my family. They would understand, help me, support me, fix me.

But I'm afraid. I don't want be open. Vulnerable. Weak.

I suffer in silence.

The worst of it? I know my situation is thousands of times better than most. There are people with now homes. People who can't even eat, because they have nothing.

And I'm depressed over *my* life? That's utterly pathetic.

I don't want to commit suicide. Death scares me. But I feel like it's an easy way to get through my life. To skip it.

The only thing that's really stopping me is cowardice and the thought of how it would affect my family. My brothers grades would tank. My sister and mother are both depressed. They'd end up doing something stupid like committing suicide. My father would blame himself for not seeing me enough. For not really knowing me after he moved out.

Help me. I just need to talk. No judgements, no-one knowing that I'm fucked up. Just someone on the internet who doesn't know me but will listen. Ask me things. Help me to deal with my emotions.