School just makes me not want to exist.I just hate going to school. It feels like hell everyday that I go to school.

I don't really consider my "friends" as friends if it makes me feel sad all the time. They seem way too content and joyful, which makes me hate and ignore them all. I cannot find happiness in school, which makes me feel lonely as hell. I've had enough of this feeling of loneliness. I might as well not show up to school and just die or suddenly not exist anymore. They can enjoy being with others. They'll be happy anyways without me. All I do is become sad and tired, anyways. I'll bring all the negativity to others. Friends stick with the ones alike, and leave the odds one out. Knowing that, I might as well stay away from the rest.

All these grades that my "friends" have just makes me unsatisfied with my own marks in certain classes and it really bothers me for the rest of the day. I hate myself for who I am. I hate it that everyone else is better at general classes, like English. I hate it that people are good at the universal subjects and I am not. I am good at math, but English is the basis for everything: post-secondaries, jobs, etc. It really concerns me of the future with how bad I am in English. I feel dumb in that class. I hate those thoughts that comes up almost often.

I spend too much energy trying to keep up with the people in school, and it really strains me out for the day. I just want to sleep and blank out from everyone. All I can do to keep myself content with being in school is drinking energy drinks or coffee. Other than that, there's no point of being energetic. There's no point in putting the energy to go be with "friends" since they seem to be content with their grades and social status in school. If I could choose to skip school and not receive a punishment for that, I would do that everyday. At the end of the day, I cry because I feel like I shouldn't exist. I've already attempted to cut myself many times before when situations like this happened. It's just that I don't want to exist by suicide, but instead through incidents like road accidents or crashes. I can't stand life cause of school being ridiculous. It's too much pressure to handle. Being in school teaches me the truth of reality, and that life's a bitch and I know I won't be able to stay afloat in it, being the person I am now.