My life story, because I needed to get that out.This is my first reddit post ever. Well, I don't really know where to start. Ever since I was 13, I've wanted to kill myself. I remember the first time I seriously contemplated taking my own life. I'm second oldest of 6 kids, so it gets pretty overwhelming and chaotic at my house sometimes.  At the time, my entire family (6 people at the time, with my pregnant mom), my aunt and uncle, our babysitter/close family friend, and one of my family's friend who was my age were in a beach house together. By some miracle, I had my own room and I was laying on my bed. I was thinking about my life. The entire summer, my dad and my older brother had been picking on me. They would fuck around with me, taking my stuff and throwing it back and worth, jokingly calling me insults. They were like school bullies, but I was homeschooled so it was a constant thing. It wasn't that bad looking back on it, and I don't know why it was making me hurt so bad. So many other people go through so much more and they remain stronger than I ever am. But this continued throughout the years, getting worse by the day. 

My family moves around about every 4-5 months, so I can't enroll in normal school. I don't have trouble making friends, but after constantly moving and knowing I would never see my friends again made me not even try to anymore. So, I became isolated, and I was constantly bored of my life. I had no social life at all at some times and it didn't really help that I have super conservative parents, who might actually be crazy. I'm not allowed to hang out with guys (my mom told me before going off to a summer program that she would rather see me do drugs than have a boyfriend), I'm not allowed out without a thorough explanation of where I am going and what I am doing and even then they might say no, and a bunch of other crazy rules. So, naturally I spent all my free time on the internet. 

One summer, I saw my brother had a tinder account, and I decided to make one. I was 13 at the time, and that's a ridiculous age to be on tinder. So I start to go on it, and I'm chatting with all these random dudes. They're telling me exactly what I needed to hear. Compliments. Of course, their end goals are nudes and sex, but I was eating it up. And then I started sending nudes. I was so insecure about myself that I resorted to finding horny guys on the internet to make me feel good enough about myself. I used the app on and off for a couple years (I never met up with anybody from it), whenever I needed a quick boost of confidence. 

The story goes on, and throughout those few years I was a really good kid. At 14 I got into an Ivy League university and since then I've been taking classes (class of 2019!). But then I began acting out. I started to not really care about my classes (I wasn't failing at all, but not doing as good as before), and I yearned to go out and party my ass off. So when living in a strict boarding school, I completely isolated myself from everyone. I didn't have a roommate and during the day I would do whatever I had to (tennis practice and go to the school room) and then I'd go right back to my room and do whatever. My younger sister also went to that school, and we have a history. I won't go extremely in depth, but my whole life she has literally been out to get me. And while we were at the school together, she made it her #1 priority to make everyone think I was weird. She made up stories about me to them, spread rumors and a bunch of other petty stuff. 

But after Christmas break, I was fixated on getting lit, so I became a social person again. I told everyone I just had a super difficult last semester, but now I have an easier one so more time on my hands. I hung out with people, made friends, started to be known by people. And the first week, my new roommate brought me with her when she snuck up into the room of the two "cool and popular" girls of the school. We snuck out of our rooms and sprinted up, and when we got there they weren't expecting me to be there and got kinda weirded out. It was really awkward at first, but then they asked me  what was a really bad but kinda funny thing I did and I straight up said "I 69 with a guy once, but I don't think that's really for me" and as most high school girls would, they got a kick outta that. So we started talking more, and they realized I was actually kinda cool and funny and then they told me how my sister (we'll call her G) told them that I was so weird and this and that. But they liked me, so I was like ok cool. 

This "friendship" (it was obviously bs and fake, because these girls are the fakest people I've ever met) started to grow and then one day the most popular girl got her adderall in the mail (her mom would mail it to her every month), and she was like "wanna try it?". So I did, because I'd been wanting to try it . This was the first time I did drugs or anything (even drinking), but I had wanted to. I had a great first experience with it, I ended up staying up all night (dumb me took it at 9:30 at night) and I got all my homework done for the week and organized my entire room. It was great. So after that, I bought 7 pills from her to use on special occasions (midterms, finals, only when I needed it). 

This April (all of this is pretty recent), I got suspended from that boarding school for 2 weeks (it's pretty hard to get suspended from a boarding school, because they have to send you home and some kids lived out of the country), because I got drunk in a guy's room (we weren't allowed into the guys' rooms as girls and vice-versa). This was my most fucked up night ever. The popular girl (We will call her "B") forced herself onto me and kissed me, then pushed me down and I hit my head on the side of the bed (only was bleeding a tiny bit) and both of us made out with the 3 other guys there. She ends up going into the bathroom with two other guys (doing who knows what) so my drunken self was determined to keep her from getting raped or anything like that (she was sooo wasted and out of it), but I am a pretty small girl, so it was hard for me to do something when a guy who is 6'1" is telling me he's gonna beat the shit out of me if I don't shut tf up. But I persisted, and got her out of there and kept on fighting off guys that would try to take advantage of her. Long story short, we both got back to our rooms after she threw up all over their bathroom. And then we got caught and the next day were asked all about what had happened. 

Well, I learned nothing from this, just that I didn't regret doing that at all and wanted to do something like that again (minus all those fucked up things). So I served my suspension, and my strict parents were so fucking mad during it. I have no idea what they were thinking, but they sent me back there. This time, with another sister in tow. I began to get into vaping and I ordered a bunch of shit online and got it delivered there. And then this kid came along and started talking about wanting a vape and I offered to get him one. I overcharged tf outta him and made some money (my parents don't give me any, so I gotta make my own) and so we started with vaping. Then we got nicotine juice, and then we moved to weed. I fell in love with weed. But with my crazy sister always around, she eventually found out through overhearing conversation and interrogating people about me, and began to spread some crazy rumors. So then, she told the head at our school and I was so close to being drug tested (I was throwing up because I was sick the day they were going to take me). I would've failed and prob be expelled. G continued to blackmail me, threatening to tell everyone. I also found out she was showing people a vid she took of me once (I have absolutely no idea how she took it) masturbating. So, she was spying on me too and recording it.

I was devastated after this, and asked her why she was doing all of this to me. She thought it was all a funny joke. And I said we would be better off as friends than enemies and she said "I don't give a fuck about you". That hurt me the most through all of this. I cut myself for a brief period of time, and then realized it wasn't for me. So now, I smoke weed everyday, just to escape from these memories that I can't let go of. My friend commuted suicide last weekend, and it impacted me quite a bit, in that I realized the only reason I haven't killed myself is because of my two closest friends. They don't even know it, but they're the reason I stick around. I want to get away from my family, but I don't know how to. I want to tell my parents that I'm suicidal all the time and that I need help, but I can't. 

My brother attempted to kill himself about 2 years ago my slitting his wrist (then he called the cops on himself) and when they were talking about this, they told me and my two younger siblings that he was doing it to hurt them because they were putting pressure on him to get his GED. They laughed at what he did, and kept him in the mental hospital for a couple extra days so he could "learn his lesson". They took his fucking shoelaces away and they laughed at him. I was speechless that they would say this, especially to their 11,12 and 14 year old kids. 

I'm 16 now, and I want to move out, the only way I can be happy is when I'm away with them, but they won't let me. Any tips on how to get through the next two years living with them? Sorry for the essay lol, I just don't know why I hate my life so much, because again so many people have been through so much more. I'm so grateful that I have these opportunities and I wish I could give it all to someone who has nothing, because I'm not worthy of what I have. Thanks for listening,

-S


