Happy Person &gt; Moved houses/schools &gt; Met the wrong people &gt; Bad life choices &gt; Ignorance &gt; Health problems &gt; Chronic health problems &gt; Sad person &gt; Very sad person &gt; ?????Someone please help me!! Right now I feel like im going through hell with no return. Half the time I don’t recognise myself anymore in the mirror and I’m scared of what I see at times. Who knows what everyone else thinks of me. My life has been really grey for the past year and half now and I guess I don’t know what to do anymore. I have told my parents I want to die. They have taken me to the doctors. I have been given meds to help me sleep but I refuse to continue taking them because it will make things worse in the long run. But I’m kind of glad I was given pills so I have an easy and painless way out if I have to.
There is a multitude of things wrong with me for me to feel the way I do. I feel absolutely obliged to feel this way because I’m always in pain. If I wasn’t feeling this way, I wouldn’t be human. I feel like complete shit, washed up trash. I used to be such a happy kid when I was 13-14. But ever since then an evil has grown within me eating me inside and out. I started feeling like this from year 9 or so onwards. What happened in year 9 was I met someone who I liked at first. And honestly I didn’t realise he was my poison for me. I started having late nights playing games because of him. And watching porn and doing you know what every day because of him. He showed me these bad habits and now its fucked me up. I honestly feel I need serious help. I’m generally scared my well-being every day. I try to put on a brave face or smile in public but it’s all to mask what I’m feeling. My face is covered with blotches of red and pimples now. And my eyes feel like sand whenever I’m outside in the wind or the air con is blazing. My face is greyish and sunken almost as well. This is mainly around my eyes because I have to rub them vigorously.
Anyway. I have posted to this thing before. Didn’t really help. I’m posting again for the last time to seek help before I end eat. If you know anything about whats wrong with me and how to reverse it. Please tell me. God help me.
