Please give me reassurance I am so afraid of doing something stupid but I am convinced that this pain will never go away and I won't live forever if I have to feel this way. I am a 22 y/o female. I have suffered with depression in my past, but not like this, I would always have reasoning behind my feelings and now there is nothing. I have suffered with anxiety for as long as I can remember but it was a part of me, constant butterflies in my stomach and such. The thing is, the anxiety was normal for me, I would have no problems functioning with it and never really thought twice about it. I loved life so much, I had so many plans for my future, I have an amazing (still even through all of this) fiance that I love with every ounce of my being. Back in June I realized that the only thing about me that would make it so that I wasn't at my full potential of happiness was my daily butterflies. So I decided to seek treatment this past June, which is honestly the biggest mistake I have ever made.

Instead of going to therapy for my anxiety, I decided to go to my doctor. She prescribed me 20mg of Paxil. Now here is where I believe I made my mistake the first day I took it around 2pm and instead of waiting 24hrs I took it again on the 2nd day at 8am. Around 12pm on that second day I went into my first panic attack that I have ever experienced. So I never took the Paxil again thinking that after only 2 pills this was going to be reversible. Instead, I would wake up in the morning and be bed ridden with severe endless panic like physical and mental symptoms for another week and a half, I was fully convinced I was losing my mind. I finally made it to a psychiatrist who gave me Klonopin to be taken twice daily. So I was taking .75mg a day. This made it so that I could function, but I was still paranoid and felt somewhat zombie-like. I took it for 2 weeks and stopped. After a couple of days the bed ridden panic came back and I couldn't even sleep through the night so I started taking it again but only .5mg every night.

I would also like to mention that I had also started seeing a therapist every week, and I still see her every week to this day. After I started taking the Klonopin again, a severe depression hit me, the world was disgusting and pointless. It was so bad I desperately called my psychiatrist asking to try another antidepressant even after knowing what 2 days of Paxil had done to me. So he put me on Effexor which eventually I managed getting up to 150mg a day.

I have recently been tapering the Klonopin and am now down to .25mg every night and I still take 150mg of Effexor every day. Now here is where I am terrified, it has been 3 months since all of this has happened and I still can't work. I'm still depressed but now I just keep thinking of all the things I want to do but I can't do because I ruined my perspective of life because of trying medication. I no longer have panic of any kind but I am still not myself and feel I will never be again. I plan on getting off of all medicine because I was fine before any of it, but I'm scared that the damage is done. I feel like this is it, now that I see the world as this cold dark place I will never be able to see it as a happy place again. Even when I manage to do something my heart rate seems to increase dramatically, even my new (got rid of the Paxil one) doctor noticed this when my sitting heart rate was 100bpm but she didn't give me an explanation.

I want to feel like a normal human being again. My fiance has been amazing through all of this but I know I am not the person he fell in love with anymore and feel as though I never will be. I know I gave a lot of medical information, I don't want that to be misinterpreted as me looking for a diagnosis because I have been going to a psych, therapist, and family doctor regularly. I am just so scared that I have ruined my life, my future, everything I ever worked for. There have been several times now where I have planned out my suicide. I haven't worked since June and don't know if I ever will, everything just looks different to me now. When I'm around people that aren't my fiance I am irritable and annoyed. I always feel tired but can't sleep. 

I don't really know what else to say, I am just scared and sad and I want more than anything to just go back and stop myself from ever taking that medicine. I can't believe that someone as happy as I was could have that all taken away from me over one pill and after 3 months it all seems hopeless. 