It keeps getting closer each day...?I've had a very privileged upbringing when compared to the vast majority of other people. 

I have 2 parents and a brother, and we reside in a typical suburban upper-middle class home. My grades are exceptional, my social life is great, and my life probably couldn't be better at this point in my life (I just finished freshman year of HS).

However, despite this, it was well-evident to me since a very early age that I was extremely unhealthy mentally. 

I remember when I was only 7, I was introduced to the tenants of the religion my parents followed, and they introduced me to the concept of heaven and hell. From then on, for about a year, I would consistently obsess and worry about where I would head in the afterlife. I remember compulsively locking my door and sometimes even sleeping with a knife due to fear of an intruder, despite the fact that I had resided in one of the safest neighborhoods in town. I've once obsessed about hurting others both physically and sexually (though I didn't want to).

My most recent "obsession", however, had taken a significant toll on me: suicide. It's clear to myself that I have ZERO legitimate will to end my own life. However, every day, starting from about a month ago, I am continuously getting bombarded by intrusive thoughts about significantly hurting myself or killing myself.

For example - see that knife? A sub-conscious voice tells me that I should slit my own throat, even though I have no will to. See how fast the car is moving? Jump out. JUMP OUT NOW. I was able to ignore it at first, but now, I can't even fucking continue operating normally because I have such a paranoid fear of ending up dead.

The worst part? I don't even know what I suffer from, yet it's clear there's something wrong with me. Which is where I hope you guys can come in. I seriously am not aware of any mental illness which could cause such an extent of intrusive thoughts. If you guys could help me deal with this, too, it would be appreciated.

Thanks.