I'm just so tired of everything.TL:DR alot of things in my past messed up my mental state and if you dont want to read all of it my current feeling are in the last two paragraph.


I don't know how to start this so i'm just going to put everything out there.
When i was young i got bullied alot at school so that made it hard to trust people and on top of that i would go home and be abused by my mom. She always be yelling at me for every little thing like if i didn't clean my room how she wanted. Everything had to be how she does it if not its wrong and i'd get yelled at. It didnt stop at yelling, she would threaten me by acting like she was going to hit me (over something small like i was crying because she was yelling at me and sometimes she did hit me ) or threatening to take all my things away from me.  When i was between 4-10 she would just leave over the weekends and not tell me where she was going and not come back for days leaving me alone with my dad (sometimes my dad would work out of town and she would still leave me alone) i had grow up with watching family member in jail as everyone in my family has been in jail. My childhood wrecked my personality i used to be a friendly outgoing kid who liked being friends with everyone but then i was bullied about my weight which made me insecure and had to deal (figurative) landmines at home which would result in a barrage of yelling which made me quiet and reserved and i had a hard time making connections with people as the person i should have been trusted the most became nothing more than something i should fear and hate.
Cut to a year or two ago and i developed depression. I started missing more school as i didn't have a reason to get up in the morning. I felt empty and numb and i had moments of fake happiness where i pretended to be happy which was immediately gone after the moment passed. I couldn't make connections with people so i felt like no-one was real and i was alone. It showed to my friends as they jokingly says that that time was "edgy" me. I couldn't get help because i didn't want help i don't know if its just something in my personality or what but i didn't want help i just wanted to let my problems consume me, to destroy me and they were i started to cut myself in an attempt to commit suicide and it made feel happy like soon i would finally be free to no avail. I go on with the numbness for a while till i have my breakdown. 
My mom, her boyfriend and i all go out to eat, on out way back my mom notices that she left her phone at the restaurant and since we where closer to the restaurant then home i suggested we go back she says nothing. I repeat my self twice and then she tells me just to shut up or else. We get home and i (being frustrated and upset) am the first inside and lock them out of the house. (This may have been childish but i was always told "you're not a baby anymore" and "you're not old enough for that" constantly making it so i never knew how i was supposed to act) i should have mentioned earlier but she was an alcoholic which made things harder so after a few minutes of trying to get me to open  the door she leave and goes back to the restaurant to get her phone she come back a little later and instead of trying the door again she immediately breaks the window to my room to get in. I move so she can open the door and she immediately leave to go buy beer (even though she was already intoxicated). So in my even worse state of mind i call the police. I wait outside for the police and she eventually comes back and through the whole time of me waiting for the police she berates me with insults. After an hour and a half of drama the officer finally shows  and he tells me that she can do what ever she wants leaving her phone, breaking the window, or even hitting me. He said for me to go back inside before he hit me so i did but it wasn't about the phone or any of that it. It was me crying out for help as i was breaking down only to be ignored. 
Some more time passes and this girls transferred into my class and starts talking to me. I couldn't imagine why the only thing i would think of is that "here we go again i'm going to be the butt of someone's joke again". A few days goes by and i notice that she was flirting with me and she might of liked me but i dissmissed it thinking  "she doesnt like me who would like me"then it got more obvious as she would frequently say i was her boyfriend and hold my hand and stuff. Time passes and i realize that i liked her back but i never took that opportunity because i was terrified that when i did there would be a big "haha look at that loser he fell for it" moment. The fact that i didnt take that chance devastated me because she was my reason to go to school. I would feel like i didnt want to go and had to weigh what was stronger not wanting to go or spending time with her. 
Time passes and with the help of spending time with her i was able to escape depression (about a year after it started but i still did it). But i never got over the suicide part anytime anything came up i would think you know if you killed your self you wouldn't have to deal with this . I felt better though i became more outgoing and made more friends and i felt good but anytime i had to deal with mom there is nothing but resentment and when she starts yelling at me and it upsets me it puts me into a depression like state i feel numb and empty and want nothing more to die and kill myself and it gets worst cuz after she'll talk to me like everything is normal like you cant do that you just yelled at me. 

Then i just want everything to stop because i have to deal with my mom, school, the fact that now i have to think about college and the future, and that i let the girl i really cared about slip by. 
Im just tired of everything and i want it all to stop i dont want to think about the future i dont want to be yelled at any more i just want it all to end.  I feel like i cant get help because i feel like i be brushed aside again and because i just  have a feeling of wanting my problems to consume and destroy me.
If you read through the whole thing i appreciate it. I just dont know what to do and im scared.