I don’t think i can keep this up any longerFor a couple of months now i have been thinking about my life. What have i done, what i haven’t done, what it could be in the future. And i can help it but feel like there isn’t a purpose anymore. Living feels like a useless painful existence. Im a 17 year old I shouldn’t be like that, but fuck me i cannot do this anymore. I haven’t got anyone to talk about it either. I tried to, i talked with a I would say close friend of mine and he gave me the “Things would get better don’t worry” and “Come on, its not that bad”. Something that didn’t really help much. I don’t know what would help. I used to be an absolute asshole, most of the people i know hated breathing the same air as me i saw that, so I decided that i will become a better man, a better person. And it worked. People did change their opinion of me. 
But that didn’t really help.
I enjoy it when i can be of help, i feel somewhat useful. The problem is that i can’t help myself. I don’t know what i want. I don’t know what I’m going to do. I mean, i know, i think that its my only option to get out of the mess my life is. I know that it would hurt the people around me, but i have no other choice. I hope that with time they would understand. They would do fine without me anyway. I never really connected with them. Most of the time my group of “friends” talk and do stuff I’m not particularly good at like writing and reading poetry, books and so on and so forth. I try to participate but i still feel like a dumbass whenever i do. They are not particularly interested in mine, don’t blame em tbh, my interests are video games, playing them and making them and cooking. Not that interesting. I don’t have a girlfriend. No girl would fancy me, probably for the best i can only imagine how much of a bad company i am. Family is all over the place, they don’t like me I don’t like them.
Not sure where I’m going with this, i just want some help. There are people that are in worse situations i know, but i really cannot do this anymore.