I almost posted this on facebook. Maybe I will tomorrow. Coming from someone with severe anxiety/depression
I just found a definition of Anxiety that I didn't realize existed until now. It's explained to be a future-oriented mood state in which one is ready or prepared to attempt to cope with upcoming negative events.
 
I can't say this strongly enough; I wish I knew what this was when I was a child. Maybe it would have changed the course of my life. I literally would think of nearly every action I would take and think of the worst possible outcomes and how it would affect me.

I didn't realize until just now that I've been dealing with this for pretty much as long as I can remember. When I was really small, I mean, pre-kindergarten, no matter what situation; I'd always expect the worst possible outcome. Even for things where no 'sane' person would expect any kind of trouble to come from it, I’d still be expecting the worst. 

This followed me throughout my life as many of my friends could attest to. When in high school, if I were doing something even slightly illegal or dangerous I would just think to myself about how I was surely going to die or get caught or disappoint my parents, or have everyone hate me, or something along those lines. Of course my friends would just call me a pussy or call me out for complaining about how dangerous what we were doing was. And it took me a long time before I could grasp their frustration with me. I often wondered how I was able to maintain any kinds of friendships at all.

Of course nearly always the worst outcome never came about. Regardless though, I'd spend a lot of time thinking about it, I mean, a lot. For instance, I'd get viciously painful hangnails and I remember in high school it got to the point where my fingernails were so messed up I'd then destroy my toe nails. 
Strange eh? 
So many times, I can remember laying on the couch watching t.v. and my Dad would walk by and pinch my toe (in loving, hey whatcha doin', kinda way)... and I'd yell in agony because my toe nails were in the middle of recuperating from my latest bout of picking, clipping, and biting. I remember the nails growing into the sides of my toes causing them to swell red on the sides with pain which would last for days until my toes would kinda get back to normal. Of course this cycle would repeat again and again with my toes in particular... I’m not entirely sure when it started or stopped to be honest.
	
For nearly all of my life I’d never look up the definition of Anxiety or Depression, or look into any other mental health conditions, as I never thought of myself as having a problem. I just always thought of myself as someone smart, I was after-all a straight A student who was simply thinking of all possible outcomes and analyzing them then deciding to do my best to avoid the worst. What I didn’t realize until now is, I wasn’t avoiding the worst, I was trying to subconsciously bring them to fruition. 

It’s like when you’re balancing a big bowl of cereal and you think, oh man I am totally going to spill this before I get it from the kitchen to the dining room table and sure enough you would. 

Just before getting married last year I began taking some medicine for anxiety/depression as my close friends, my girlfriend and I all knew things were getting worse, or at the very least there was definitely a problem which I finally admitted to myself (at 32).
I stopped taking the medication shortly before the actual wedding day because to be honest, it made me feel less emotional, it made me feel somewhat like a zombie, and I didn’t like that. I wanted to be ‘me’ for my wedding. I didn’t want to be in this weird mode that I was unfamiliar with, that didn’t really feel like me. Also, I wanted to be able to drink and have a good time! (I don’t think I finished one drink the night of my wedding). This was in early May.

Skip to September and I began taking the medication again, I believe it helped me gain clarity in those 3 months, and in December I lowered my dosage for the month. About a week ago or so I decided I had enough of taking it at a lower dosage and decided I was done with it. So now I am at the point where I am no longer on the medication.

However, now I am dealing with the withdrawal symptoms of not being on it any more. It’s difficult, everything is difficult.  I find myself at a place in my life where either I am on the drug and dealing with the side effects, or I am off the drug and dealing with the 
withdrawal effects. At this point I just want to be done with the drug and go back dealing with my anxiety, preferably through exercise and diet. But for now I am dealing with the withdrawal symptoms.

It’s not easy, and maybe being in a country far away from nearly everyone I’ve known isn’t the best place for me (a month after getting married, my wife and I moved out of the country). But a part of me wanted to escape that life. Maybe part of me thought I could run away from my anxiety by coming here, I don’t know. 

Don’t get me wrong, I did not come here because I thought I was running away from anything. I came here because I wanted to try something new and have some adventures. I wanted to try something new before the world all went completely to shit. I mean it’s all going to shit isn’t it? The rich keep getting richer at the expense of the less fortunate and everyone acts like its ok. No one seems to care about strangers anymore. Did they ever though? I don’t know, as a child I thought they did. I know I did. I guess as I became an adult and realized how life is, it just added to my depression which furthered my anxiety issues which led to my medication. It’s all this crazy big ball of...well crazy! And I can’t help but think it isn’t me that’s the problem. It’s everyone else. Or maybe it isn’t, maybe it is me. I don’t know anymore.

I’m tired. This world makes me tired. My attempts to fix myself to cope with this world make me tired. It’s not easy, and still I feel bad for having these first world problems, these delusions that my problems have any meaning when compared to those of people in other parts of the world. Who am I to be so upset with my life. Look at the fucking view I have now. It’s fucking magical. To think I was living in a basement for years staring at a sidewalk or the base of a tree at most. I am so fucking fortunate. But it doesn’t make me happy.

I don’t know where I am going from here. I want to have children. I want to raise someone up to love others, to be empathetic for everyone like I try to be – to see that the right way to live is to make life better for everyone you meet even if it’s just to listen to them or to make them laugh when they are sad. Every little bit helps. But I struggle every day between altruism and indifference. I don’t know which side is winning most days. For the last number of years it’s felt like indifference has been winning and that makes me sad, because in my humble opinion there is no worse feeling than indifference.  To feel nothing, to have no reaction, to not even care enough to muster up a faint glimmer of emotion in response to someone else’s situation, whether it is someone you don’t know at all, or someone you love with all your heart. That is the saddest feeling of all. But you only realize how sad it is upon reflection, because when you are in the present and feeling indifferent, nothing matters and nothing can sway you in either direction. Everything is hopeless. Well, that is how it is for me anyway.  But I suppose that is depression speaking now, right? I really don’t know any more. And finding myself being indifferent more and more often, I don’t care to know. I don’t even know why I continue to type right now.

Oh right, the reason I began writing this out, these words, which I meant to be only a few paragraphs explaining my realization of what anxiety is, what I’ve been meaning to say to you, reader, friend or stranger is this:

If you are a parent keep a vigilant eye for the signs of anxiety in your children and when they are ready to understand, educate them on what anxiety is.
Let them know that they don’t have to fear the worst, don’t judge them on their failures and don’t let them judge themselves on their failures. Laugh at their failures, and try again. If you can’t do something, so be it, move on. It’s not the end. 
Be proud of yourself and your children for attempting something. Let them know it’s OK to fail. Eventually it won’t matter at all whether they succeeded or not at a particular thing. What will matter is that they tried. What will matter is that they have your support before, during and after. Let your children know they don’t have to be afraid of what hasn’t happened yet. If your children are like me, they may just be thinking about the consequences of their actions or inactions and they may be doing their best to hide their fear of the worst. They don’t know it’s anxiety they are feeling, they don’t know the thoughts in their head aren’t real. You have to be the one to see that. And you have to be the one to help them understand their feelings before it gets out of control.

As for me, I’m a little late to the game here. I am now trying to tell myself to stop worrying about the future. I’m doing what I can, when I can, to consciously recognize when I am feeling anxiety, I wear gloves to stop biting my nails, when I notice I am having a fit of anxiety, I try to think before I open my mouth (most times), I have to really examine my life every day, and I have to struggle with myself to not be indifferent. Not with myself, and not with others. I owe it to those that love me to care. It’s the least I can do, while being able to live with myself. Also, when I catch myself giving up and imagining how I can end it all, I have to tell myself no. That isn’t the answer to this problem, the solution is out there, I just have to not give up.
