I'm a monster.This has been bothering me all my life.

Long time lurker first time posting here. I feel I'm at wits end. And the funny thing is, is I don't feel like, super depressed or anxious. I feel fine today, albeit a little...empty. I woke up in a lot of pain, but besides that, I'm perfectly okay. Which is why I'm so confused as to why I have this seemingly unending death wish - even when I'm okay. I'm laughing now, writing this, because what threw me off balance today, was my back pain. It's funny, a slight inconvenience is enough to make me want to want me to kill myself.

I thought I had an okay life. I mean, I'm a published author and musician, but I suck at it. I used to be a straight A student but I'm not anymore. I'm in University and have plans to become a doctor. Not really my plans but my parents plans. I personally want to be a musician. It's all I want. Music is the only thing that doesn't make me feel like a monster.

After Hurricane Katrina destroyed my home in 2005, I was excited to move and practically start my life over. My father stayed home, and my mom and siblings hopped from state to state until settling down, without my father. I expected a new start to life, I was genuinely excited. I wasn't expecting to get molested and raped, however. I'm a male, and on that day, I never truly felt the same. I was young, and it shaped me into what I am today, which is not a good thing.

I've been bullied the vast majority of my life for my religion. I'm Muslim and was always on the ass end of an ass kicking, or the ass end of a bomb joke, or 9/11 joke. I never really took it to heart as a kid, but lately, it's been coming back into my adult life, and it feels like 4th grade P.E. all over again.

When I was 15, I was diagnosed with a tumor (specifically, a hemangioma - collection of blood cells - on my T4 vertebrae of my spine) and had to have been operated on immediately. After a year of medication, blood work, hospital stays, countless MRI's and CAT scans, and 3 surgeries later, I was cancer free. I never had any chemotherapy, as my family didn't want it.

Growing up with cancer in my highschool days, I was never upset. I was actually...relieved. I honestly thought I was gonna die. I never told anyone, of course, but deep down, I hoped the cancer would kill me. I wasn't upset, just. Relieved. Like when you're on a road trip and you really, really need to pee, and you finally stop and feel that whole sensation of relief taking hold of your body. That's what I long for.

I went through the remainder of my highschool years in a neck and back brace, which certainly didn't help my case. Since my surgeries, I've been in a great deal of pain. I thought I could turn to drugs to take the pain away, but now the drugs kinda just. Took over. It's not a huge problem, but it most certainly is a problem.

And my most hated problem of all, is I'm guilty of a crime. I don't want to explain it, but. I've hurt someome, sexually, in the same regard I was hurt sexually, growing up. I thought I was doing the right thing. But I learned. I learned that what I did was wrong, and that I hurt that poor soul probably more than I've been hurt. And I wish I could rectify my mistakes. God, if there was a way to undo my entire life, fucking show me the way. I'm a monster, and I just want an end to this fucking circus that is my life.

To whom I've hurt. I'm truly sorry, and nothing will ever forgive me. I just wish I could have some modicum of forgiveness, and be told that it's all okay. But this isn't a fairy tale - it's real life. And real life isn't sunshine and happiness, or unicorns and rainbows. It's fucking dank, miserable, and unforgiving. I'm only glad that I learned that earlier rather than later.

I don't know what I'm to do with myself. I hope I find a way out of this life. I wish I had the balls to do it myself.