Suicide because of rationalization~Warning: this sounds super pseudo-intellectual but I dont really give a fuck. ~

I don’t really know what it is. It is a restless angst that I should be doing better, knowing more, can never be content with simple bliss/peace because it can be rationalized away AND, even if I pretend, it means there’s no inner conflict... which means stagnation. (And it’s more than this, this sounds like something close to teenagery nihilism, but it’s not that, I rationalize *everything,* even rationalization and so on and so forth.) 

I’ll give you an example, I can’t just hang out with my old friends anymore and be carefree the way I used to knowing what I know now (I can’t explain it, if you know you know, if you don’t you can only guess based on your limited experience and you won’t understand it.) they just talk about their boyfriends all day, so clueless. I can’t love my family without seeing the meaninglessness of it, and the meaninglessness of meaninglessness, and so on and so forth until the stars explode. My issues are not external but internal. I could have everything I’ve ever wanted and still be on the ledge over the lip of the abyss perpetually. 

Sorry for the #im14andthisisdeep post. But I’m really struggling over here to the point I’m using stupid vague writing and metaphors about abysses. It’s definitely an existential depression but I’m sure my external conditions aren’t helping. 

I don’t know, it would be so nice to talk to people, the reach for connection, especially anyone who’s been through the same.  People never really talked to me much, especially in this country, I was kinda a weirdo growing up. 

Um. Sorry I’m a shitty writer. (Do not say the contrary to be nice, anyways, shitty writing is mostly imprecise writing... too tired and drained for anything better...)

None of the mental health professionals understand what my problem is. “Maybe if you started a family...” no, that’s not it, it’s a constant restlessness and uneasiness with your being and existence and it’s largely not related to other people. Most of the philosophers I’ve read are pretty pessimistic, which logic seems to nearly always be, can’t live with their conclusions even if it’s “true” in a strictly logical sense. Once you start pulling on the red threads of emotions you thought were indisputably real the world is undone and gets very bleak very quickly... 

I don’t even care if this made no sense to you, but I appreciate anything. And if it did make sense (Again, you’ll *know,* you won’t just say “hmm I think it makes sense...) please please please reply. Thank you, kind-intentioned humans...