I'm too cowardly too to do itI want to be dead. I want this to finish. I can't gather the courage to do it. Why?
Everything in my life has gone from shit to even worse than I could ever imagine. Been depressed for around a year now. Suicidal at times but never with real intent until now. November 1st 2014 - the worst day of my life. Had a seizure and they did some tests on my brain and said I probably had epilepsy. November through to March I had a lot more and on April 9th 2015 I was 'officially' diagnosed and they gave me meds to take (trileptal if anybody is wondering). The side effects of the medication are almost as bad as the seizures. If I don't take the meds, epilepsy controls my life. If I take them, the side effects plus not being allowed to drink to help me cope (something I used to do occasionally) controls my life. 
I don't understand why the fuck this has happened to me. I can't stand my fucking self, I'm repulsed by myself and ashamed of what I've been put through because of this shitty illness.
I want this to end. Last week I prepared to overdose and die, the only real option out of the hole I've fallen into. Wrote a note and prepared a last meal for myself etc., only to find out Trileptal overdoses are extremely rarely fatal, plus I only had 15,000mg left which is definitely not even close to possibly fatal. 
I have nothing left to live for. Can't leave my house all day because every time I try to do something I just remind myself that I'm going to kill myself soon and so there's no point.
Thought about quicker/easier methods but I'm such a repulsively weak coward, I can't even do it. Feel like I'm just waiting for my next seizure so I have real motivation to finish it.
I don't even know. This could be it. 
Thanks to anyone who took the time to read this, I know I'm not worth it.

EDIT: I just realised the mistake in the title and I don't know how to change it. An excellent example of the debilitating cognitive side effects from the shit I'm on. Fuck 

