I've been wanting to end it, and the urge is getting worse.Hey, this is my first time ever on reddit, I just made this account because I just couldn't handle my thoughts anymore.  

I own 2 dogs and a reptile, which have kept me going these couple of years. They are still young, barely a year old, and I also have a boyfriend that has helped me a lot.

I guess I can start with the root of it, I lost my job at my dream job working with indie video games in Puerto Rico, and because of hurricane Maria,  everything was destroyed, no backups, no nothing, Maria was relentless. During this time we struggled for months to get power back, water back, when it rained the infrastructure of my home allowed water to just pour in. (We were going to fix the roof, but because of the circumstances we couldn't) I lived with my parents at this point, not really planning on moving out since I was saving to be financially stable just in case anything happened. This hurricane forced me to start my life again.

During these months I got pregnant by a good friend...a night of passion kind of thing, and I was somewhat scared but happy. I had a miscarriage pretty much right off the bat, and I somewhat felt some relief from it, knowing the current situation I was in, and the island. 
My parents never knew about this part.

I stayed at home, trying to find a job, but because of the situation, it was a little impossible, so I start looking for jobs in the U.S.A. 

This is when I met a friend online and We hit it off after a year or so, he gave me the idea "hey come to this state and get a job at this retail place in the meantime. We'll get an apartment together" this got me pumped, I carefully planned everything, I was scared but ready to move forwards. I got the job at the retail place, and things went pretty good for a couple of months. 

Until I started realizing that the person I was staying with had really bad anger issues. He was nasty, rude, I didn't know how to just make him chill out. He just came out of his shell and I was genuinely concerned. Then one day, while he was having a fight online, I approached him to comfort him, and this is when he had slammed.me back with a hard push. This was my limit, I was hurt, scared, and my homesick just got worse. 

I started making plans to move out. And a lot.of.friends came in to help. At this point I was madly in love with my current boyfriend(still together). He was funny, kind, goofy, just your average irl shitposter , and he has a joke to say in every sentence, or just literally repeated the same thing as a joke for the next month. (It gets annoying, but sometimes I play along and try to be as annoying)  

After so much pain and crying, trying to leave this apartment with the jealous anger management dude, granted, this dude cut me off from everything in the apartment, I was pretty much trapped in there, other than going to work occasionally. I was so depressed that i had to quit my job abruptly, and just get out of the apartment, and go see the person I loved while I got a new apartment with my best friend that also came in like a hero to help me. I'd like to add that during this time, my parents flew in to help me move after a bad fight with the anger management guy broke out and he took my phone, accidentally dialing my dad...that was a shit show...but I got to see my mom and dad.

I cried a lot during this transition , again, I was struggling through life, missing my boyfriend, homesick, unsure of my future, and wanting to seek refuge in fivem (rp servers);it kept me sane. 

Now, finally, I get an apartment in a decent area...kind of...with the occasional gang gang shoot out shit. It's a weird apartment, it's in the middle of a bad neighborhood and a really good neighborhood... 

I have a job that pays me well and helps me.get out of my shell, but i still missed my boyfriend terribly, and my family, that it was almost crippling. I started doing bad at my job, and all i wanted to do is see the people i loved and hold them. 

Cut to the start of 2020, I decide to contact a therapist, and well...Coronavirus happens. I lose.my job again, and I took that advantage to quarantine with my boyfriend. I drove 5 hours to be with him. I felt like this was the mental relief I needed, and it was, but being stuck in an apartment while you're unsure of the future, and si.ply reading the doom and gloom of the world news, i was quickly losing it. My relationship with my boyfriend was amazing, but then it got rocky. Meanshit was said, desperation, depression, my thoughts of death just coming back...I dont know if I should go.into details, but at times I felt ignored,secondary,replaceable, annoying, awkward,unsure...and I just wanted to end it all. 

The things I used to love to.do with my boyfriend were ruined because we fucked it up for ourselves, and now I would love to go back to doing the same with him, but it has been ruined that no more chances... 

I still have no job but I opened a fiverr account that does decent for just a couple of months, been working on getting more exposure but the thoughts of just ending are just hammering at me. It has extended my art portfolio but not enough to pay for everything atm. No current income, unemployed,  never got stimulus,  just struggle back to back. Then more realizations start to happen, my apartment is overpaying, its shit, everyone is rude. Everytime I'm away from my boyfriend, his communication is terrible...theres just a lot happening lately that I dont know where to even go with this post.

I've been wishing to end it, I dont mind if something bad happens to me, I've been thinking of killing myself by drowning or dropping a dryer into the shower or something like that. Needless to say, I have been brainstorming. And a couple of weeks back someone rear ended my vehicle and I simply wished it had killed me there, now the car is being repaired, but I feel like I wont need it anymore once I'm gone. I feel lonely, unwanted, secondary, untrusted, I dont feel comfortable venting with close friends because my boyfriend doesnt like it when I vent about our relationship to friends, which I understand but sometimes talking to him feels like talking to a wall. 

I guess I'll end it here.