Saw the counselor on 4 June 2018 and a lot of interesting things happenedI went to see my counselor on 4 June 2018. Once I entered the office, I was able to switch off my earphones. I didn't feel frightened. Yeah!

I told my counselor that my medications have changed. It caused me to become tired easily, breathless when I don't have the strength to do normal things in my daily routine, dizzy and sleepy when I tried to concentrate on driving.

I also told my counselor that recently I have tried blogging and I am in love with blogging. Yeah! Hope I can make a small side income through blogging :P

I met a stranger online through Reddit. He happened to live in Singapore and we exchanged our handphone numbers. I have decided to go hiking with him on this coming Thursday 7 June 2018. I ask my counselor for help on how to find topics to talk about with him. Yeah, I have mild autism, so I am not very good in social-related things.

In the counseling session, I called my case manager from Institute of Mental Health (IMH) Singapore and told her about the side effects from the new medication I am taking. We decided to come to the outpatient clinic in IMH the next day to inquire about changing medication.

In the counseling session, she also recommended me to go to a place called SG Enable to look for jobs. They will help autistic adults find a job.

After the counseling session, I went to SG Enable. I managed to take off my earphones and ask the receptionist outside as well as the receptionist inside SG Enable. Yeah, I managed to take off my earphones without feeling frightened that people are trying to bully me. The receptionist inside SG Enable said that I will need an official letter from my psychiatrist to certify that I am ok to work. I will work towards this goal by taking part in the empowerment programmes organized by OcTAVE Outpatient Rehabilitation Centre and showing my psychiatrist and my occupational therapist that I am ready to find a job and work.

At evening, I finally came back to my house to relax. What a tiring day! I saw a TV documentary and find out that there are people whose lives are worse than me since they have physical disabilities. It made me realize that compared to them, I am a lot of fortunate and I should not grumble about my fate. I tell myself I am going to become a better person each day.

Some time in the evening, I went out with my mother to buy bread. After I bought the bread and came back to my house, I feel tired easily and breathless again. I am afraid that my new medications have some serious side effects — or are they psychological?

My mother and I went to Accident and Emergency department of IMH. I can't wait anymore. Due to the training during the day (I take off my earphones to talk to people), I became very reliant on my dark glasses and earphones and I become very frightened that people are trying to bully me again. The psychiatrist in the A&amp;E decided to change my medications back. No more new medicine! Back to the old medicine! Yes!

We went out from A&amp;E and I was going to drive both of us home. My mind just went blank during driving. Remember, if you are not well, don't drive. Don't be like me &gt;_&lt;”

When I returned home, feelings of uselessness and worthlessness arise again. Still, I take my medications and waited patiently before I finally sleep. What a day!