I don't know where to turn anymoreI generally don't go out of my way to reach out to people when I'm like this. I tend to try to let it pass and regroup before moving on with my life. I don't feel like I can anymore. I'm so desperate. I need help from someone. Anyone

I've been depressed for as long as I can remember. I have memories of being lost, confused and terrified as a child, waiting, hoping for things to make sense one day. I struggled as a teen with suicidal thoughts and the depression has haunted me well into adulthood.

I'm 28 now. Been unemployed for almost a year. I'm on the verge of losing my living space and being forced to move back with my parents. I don't have much money saved and I don't have any work on the horizon. My parents invited me to come try to work for them, in the little company they have. I've refused countless times. They don't understand how I feel and they're always trying to tell me what they did as if it will work perfectly for me and solve everything.

I swallowed my pride and finally took the offer. I figured being miserable but making money would be at least better than poor and miserable. I was wrong.

My depression has been so bad that I have been contemplating death endlessly. I hate this life, I can't live this way. I don't have any other options though. I can't live without a job and there's nothing I'm good at, nothing I strive for or want to be. There's just the misery.

How do you keep on living when there's nothing you want out of life? I've been struggling, trying to hold on for decades and I'm losing my grip. I have a beautiful girlfriend who loves me and I love her, but I can't help but feel I'm a burden. Like I'm destroying her life with my misery.

I hate living. I have hated it for years. I wish I had never been born at all. But I'm here and I'm trying to stick it out. I just don't think I can for much longer. I want things to get better so badly but they only seem to get worse. My mind betrays me and the way I feel only gets worse and worse.

What's the point? What's the struggle for. I hate it all.