I'm Gonna End It All If This Relationship EndsI had nowhere else to go but here so here it is. I currently have a girlfriend who basically saved me. I wanna start by saying that i'm 19 years old but i met her five years ago. we started dating last year and since then, my depression has gotten 1000x better. she was lovey dovey all the time with me, complimented me everyday and everything that makes a perfect girlfriend. I gave her the exact same effort back.

 I failed basic training at 18 and as a result, I was shamed by my parents, and everyone else who knew. She continued to support me, had she not been there for me, I would probably be dead right now. Sadly, recently she has not been all of those things that made me love her so much. She takes hours just to respond to one of my texts, she doesn't talk to me much anymore and when we do, it usually turns into an argument. She rarely says I love you back and when I write her paragraphs on how much I love her and how much she means the world to me, it usually goes ignored or I get a one liner. basically she has been treating me entirely different. we used to talk about how much we wanted to get married someday and spend our lives together but now it's just been a nightmare. 

I wanna note that I feel like the group chat she was in has a big part in it. she seems pretty much obsessed with that and it's mostly guys, hell one of her guy friends has her as his Play station background. anyways sorry to bore you of my details but i'm feeling really depressed at the moment and haven't even been able to bring myself to eat. This relationship is on the brink of ending and if it does, I'm probably just gonna end myself like I had planned before. I have nothing to live for, I suffer from major social anxiety and can't hold a conversation at all. I am not very skilled at anything and I doubt anyone would miss me when I'm gone. So why live if i'm to suffer everyday? My relationship ending will be the nail in the coffin.

 She gave me the motivation to keep pushing forward stronger than ever. It gave me something to look forward to. But with her gone, I probably won't survive for even one week. I have not tried therapy because I have no idea where i'd start and money may be an issue, the suicide prevention line doesn't help very much. any tips will be helpful thanks.