I'm a hopeless romantic and a useless, worthless FUCK.I would love to be with someone who I can not only love, romantically, but is also my best friend. I want to be with someone who knows me better than I know myself. Someone who wants to go on random adventures because adventures, but would also be content with spending a night on the couch with some tea or books to read or a cute Disney movie to watch. Someone who is intelligent and ambitious. Somebody who not only wants to have a relationship of the mind, but one of the heart. Someone preferably atheist and monogamous. Someone I can play video games with and cosplay with! Someone who loves Doctor Who is a plus! :’D

But that’s never going to happen. I am going to end up old and alone. I’ll never find my nerdy princess. I’ll never have a meaningful, long term relationship. I’ll never get married. I’ll never start a family. I’ll never share my life with anyone.

The main reason is because I’m unattractive. I have approached so many people, and have been rejected every single time. I don’t know what’s wrong with me. I’ve never been approached, I’ve never gone on a date, and hell I’ve never even kissed or held another woman’s hand. I understand I’m not *that* attractive, but how someone looks doesn’t matter to me. Their personality and their intelligence are the most important characteristics in my mind.

But none of that matters because I’ve heard every single rejection in the book. I’ve been told I’m too nice. I’ve been told I’m not attractive enough. I’ve been told that when people like nerdy guys, they usually mean guys who look like Matt Smith or David Tennant. I’ve been led on and rejected by self-proclaimed “forever alone” women who claim to like nerdy guys…but not me. Anyone but me. I’ve been told “why can’t I date someone like you?” I’ve been told I’m ugly. I’ve been slapped in the face and called a pervert for helping someone who dropped their purse. I’ve been told I’m more of a gay best friend instead of a boyfriend. I’ve been told that I’m not really meant to be in relationships. I’ve been told that I deserve to be alone. 

And, finally, I’ve been told that I should kill myself.

I may just follow through with that...