Being lonely teaches you the truthJust watching how people taunt and mock lonely people, and how they so forcefully shove words in their mouth, makes me want to put a shotgun in mine. This species is horrible, it is not receptive to anything but about a two-inch wide berth of expression unless one is deemed beautiful, or cool, or in with the right people. People are shit and then some. People are terrible, horrible, a fucking joke, uninspired, a mess, boring, unproductive, shitty, prejudiced, superficial, judgmental, exclusive, and truth be told, not particularly intelligent. 

This species is awful. This species is beyond awful. Reading the posts making fun of lonely men has taught me the truth about humanity, that this species is beyond redemption, that this species is inherently evil, and that even if I got everything I wanted tomorrow, I would still have to live amongst this joke of an “advanced civilization” where people mock and tear each other down because they’re too fucking pathetic to create. I hate humanity, ever since I was a child my peers have done nothing but mock me and tear down my projects, my efforts, my worth. They are pathetic, they get envious, and they attack you. 

If I lost a dime for every insult, or time words were shoved in my mouth, for every time someone didn't even try to understand my point of view, and a five dollar bill for every time someone complimented me, I would be in the hole so badly I'd have to declare bankruptcy. This species is just awful. I mean that, this species is a joke. I can not believe, as a lonely guy, just how awful women are, and some other men. It's amazing, it teaches you the truth, you see that there is no net, there is no comfort, there is no civilization, or society, or cohesion, or anything. You're just a tool, and you don't get to have perspective, or feelings, unless we approve.

At this point I do not want to give more, or be a part of this. I am ashamed to even be in the same species as these horrible people with no humanity left in their souls. I want out, because this species I share the planet with is evil, and I don’t want to live with evil no mo’