I Thought About ItEdit: I'm a 15 year old girl.

Here's a quick autobiography of myself:
My mom legitimately wants me dead, my dad doesn't give a fuck about me, my siblings all hate me, I have no offline friends, my online friends don't care to talk to me anymore, and I honestly don't see the point in life. Heck, I never even saw the point. I don't even have a goal for my future. I only continued to live because I thought things would get better, but it never did. I also get bullied at school, however, the bullying has stopped this year. People make fun of my weight, appearance, personality, behavior, and accuse me of being rude when it's actually my social anxiety and depression.

How this decision came to be was because my mom told me that she hates me and wants me dead. That was what made me consider suicide. I'm pretty sure that's my only option. No one will care, anyway. Like I stated in my bio, no one gives a fuck about me. I'm done, I don't want to have to go through this crap anymore. I would ask my older brothers to take me to a psychiatrist, but they'd judge me/make fun of me, and the psychiatrist won't care about me. It's his/her job. They only care about the money they'll get for "treating" someone. In the end, I told myself I'd give myself one more month, and if it doesn't get better, then I'd kill myself.

I'm only posting this because I thought I'd do the sensible thing and talk to someone about this first, however, since this is public and anyone can view the comments, I want to talk to whoever on Skype only. I know not everyone has one, but at least it'd give me some privacy. My Skype's ღ яσßσcħµµ ღ if you actually care enough to bother with me. I don't do video/voice calls because I have low self-esteem. Besides, I share a room with my younger sister, so it'd be a problem for her to bug me.

Don't bother adding me just to talk to me, then ignore me after you've "fixed" me. People have done that before, and it only made things worse because I have an abandonment issue that I never got resolved. I'm not trying to force you into being my friend or whatever. I don't know. I'm just talking nonsense again. I tend to do that when I'm upset. I'm sorry.

I'm really sorry to everyone for being a useless, pathetic idiot. I know I'm being really annoying right now, but I don't know. I don't know how to fix myself.