Mum and Sister have made me want to commit suicide since I was eight  

Names used throughout:

Mum- Mum (39F)

Me-Me (16F)

Sister- Grace (14F)

Brother - Joe (11M)

   
 

For the past few years mum and I have been gotten into pretty major fights. Several major instances include, mum pushing me up against the wall by the neck when I was 11, clawing at me to the point I was bleeding (three/four weeks before my birthday) and her bashing my head against the wall dividing my wardrobe and bedroom. In our fights I tend to “react violently” by throwing things, most of the time I am not aiming them at her but rather in her general direction. Often times when the fight occurs Joe and/or Grace will get involved and start mocking me, one such way they mock me is imitating my motor tics (I was diagnosed with them at around 12) often times my tics will get triggered when my mum is yelling at me. 

Since I went vegetarian shortly after the diagnosis my mother has often threatened to make me start eating meat again. Meanwhile Grace and Joe have threatened to kill my cow Evie, who I have hand raised from infancy. They will often make remarks at the dinner table whenever my mum has served up steak for dinner and whisper things like “mmmm Evie” or “Can’t wait until Evie is on the plate”

My fights with my family have been ongoing for many years, and often times my mother has yelled at me claiming that I “make her want to drive the car into a tree or just leave one night and not come back”. Many a times after the screaming matches I have felt like killing myself, I’ve had these thoughts since I was about eight, within some of my old diaries from back then I have written things about different methods I could use and the pros or cons for each. 

In the more recent fights, I’ve had with my mother and Grace, I have told them “you guys are the reason that I have wanted to kill myself since I was eight.” Every time it has come to me telling my mother this she will threaten to call her friend from high school’s mother  (her friend died of brain cancer when my mum turned 20) and get me to tell them that or threaten to drive me to the hospital and tell the kids with cancer that. Rather than confront the issue and that she is the reason I want to kill myself; she attempts to make me feel guilty for having such thoughts. 

What do I do?