I’m 13 and it hurtsI’ve been depressed for a really long time, I have never been properly diagnosed though and I don’t think I will ever.

This year I legitimately fell in love, nothing serious but it was online dating and we both liked each other a lot, he cheated on me (he was only a bit older then me) it didn’t hurt that much but the way he acted after that destroyed me. He acted like he hated me because he thought I hated him but the reality of it is I didn’t feel anything after the way he was acting, I genuinely just felt nothing at all. This in a way led to me to start cutting myself. I tried using knifes but well they weren’t sharp enough to get me to bleed without it hurting like all hell so I used scissors, the edges were sharp enough if you dug them deep enough and dragged them after all.

A little while later I’m playing with his “best friend” and he said he always liked me and his praise in a way made me fall for him too, not as much as the other because I still love him in some odd way. But in the end I wasn’t good enough his friend told me how he felt about me talking about my feelings and then we tried again but I didn’t say a word about how I felt and only ever asked how he was. I still wasn’t good enough.

Now I was asked out by my best friend (at first I only said yes because I wanted to see if I could feel something, yes that’s messed up but in the end I do feel I love her) now I’m starting to walk home more so I can walk with her and we talk about art. We both draw and have our own oc character ship for two of our characters. I think I love her but it hurts. It hurts so bad.

These people that I have loved over these 5 months have made me in a way want to live but it slowly is becoming less effective after every time not being good enough I just gave up. I also decided I think I’ll just only date girls now. (I had a crush on my first best friend for years when I was way way younger and I knew I did for a long time until she changed) now I have one person left. I cut everyone online off. They think I’m dead probably and maybe that’s for the best. Or maybe I should make it a reality, I want to.

Also the girl I’m with now self harms just like me and my last boyfriend also did, my girlfriend now though I can openly talk about self harm and shit but before I couldn’t with him because he would send me pictures and it made me want to cut so much more.

Now before I get these comments, I don’t care if I’m young! I’ve been depressed and just because I’m young doesn’t change that so don’t tell me I’m just upset or want attention! 

Yes even though you may think I’m too young to be dating people I am and I’ve also figured out my sexuality so I think I’m ready to decide who I like before some adults come and say I’m too young for this and this.

I also know that people keep telling me “you’re too young to self harm!” But it’s hard not to after I’ve wanted to and even inflicted some amount of pain on myself for a long while to be honest.

That’s all I have to right, I know none of you will care, so I’m sorry I wasted your time I really am.