This could be construed as a sign I need help.First I don't know if this goes here or r/depression.

This is a throw-away account.

So here I am, I guess I'm going to let out a little information here.  Yes I plan on killing myself.  Yes I've sought help from various resources.  There has yet to be any words from anyone but the love of my life that can save me.  So here goes.  I will be 25 on the 12th of this month.  I am male.  I identify as Buddhist.  I think I am very unattractive.  I am fairly over-weight. I am pans-sexual.

I've been fighting off and on with depression since I was 17 or 18.  I have a few "mental disorders" such as anxiety disorders and "bi-polar" disorder.  The last 5 years I've been living in my home town which I can't stand.  It's a small town, and I've been gone from here for so long that I only know the handful of close friends I left here.  I've been living with my mother off and on because she constantly guilts me and has physical ailments from time to time that require me to assist her in living.  My older brother has also been living with us off and on my entire life.  He moved out almost two years ago.

Here, in this crap-hole town, I have not been able to find steady work for all the years I've been here.  Which leaves me a burden to my mother financially.  Around the time my brother moved out, my mother and I moved to a one bedroom apartment for lack of funds to continue living where we were.  (My brother had no income so his leaving was of no consequence there)  I live in the living-room.  I sleep on the couch and I have absolutely zero privacy.  I'm a very private person.

I've always contemplated suicide.  Every single day of my life since I was about 16.  I've always been down and felt worthless, even as I'm being praised.  All of my friends love me to death and tell me how talented I am.  I do not at all see what they see.  I see a cancer on all of my loved ones.  A parasite, as hard as I try not to be and contribute as much as I can.

So towards the end of January this year I enter into a relationship with a woman I've known since I was 17.  I had been falling in love with her over the years and she claims to have done the same.  She told me I was the love of her life.  She most certainly is mine.  From then until the middle of April, I knew no sorrow.  None what-so-ever.  We moved in together for about a week in April, but about a week prior, her brother killed himself but all she knew at the time was that he died.  She thought it would be best if we stayed on our plan and moved in together.

I had planned on killing myself before we got together, so that lead me with nothing to lose and I confessed my feelings to her.

She and I have/had such a deep connection.  We talked about getting married eventually.  Perhaps adopting.  (She has medical issues preventing pregnancy)  My whole life was ahead of me for the first time.  I was genuinely happy.  Only few thoughts of suicide eked into my mind during this time period.  Finally, someone who I felt deeply loved me and someone I could also make genuinely happy.  Someone I could care for and spoil.


So at the second to last night I spent with my love, she gets more information about her brother.  That he killed himself.  (I see the irony.)  So she wanted to end the relationship and spend time alone and in solitude. 

I come back to this small town, because otherwise I would be homeless anywhere else.  I am thankful that I get to eat, and have a roof over my head and drink clean water, yes.  

So here I am again, no privacy, no work to support anyone, no drive to create art.  A parasite again.  A cancer on all my friends and family.  But now it's worse because I'm a broken-hearted mess.  I break down into tears several times a day.  The pain just grows worse each day.  I put in applications futilely and do house work.  My mother is pretty much okay to take care of herself physically now, so I'm just getting in the way of her comfort.  I absolutely hate to be a burden to anyone, and that's all I am now and have no power to change that.

When my love and I split up, she left me with hope that she still loves me and said I'm her future husband.  Once I'm back home, she does nothing but withdraw from me.  Won't take my calls, answer e-mails, nothing.  All of our mutual friends she still goes on like she's fine and moving on swimmingly.  To me she is a closed off web of confusion.  Is this a sign I was no good?  She claims I did nothing wrong in the relationship.  I just think it's ironic that once we moved in together she just decides to shut me out afterward.  That comes off as I wasn't good enough or did something wrong.  But now she just ignores me.  I'm not even there to her it seems.  Does this mean I actually mean/meant something to her and that contact with me stirs up emotions?  I don't know anything.  But now I'm supposed to wait until she figures out if she still wants to be with me, and it's breaking me apart because she seems just fine with everyone else in the whole damn world but me.

So the heart-break makes everything worse.  I can't stop thinking about her, I just want her to be happy.  Her Happiness.

Not the whole story, but just some key points.

So now there's this.  My mother is diabetic and has an ample supply of insulin.  My grandmother on my father's side killed herself using insulin.  I plan to leave a letter to my brother with my vital feelings and thoughts on things as well as various passwords to accounts, etc.  If I left this letter at home for my mother to find I know it would destroy her.  My brother is pretty strong emotionally and will be able to handle the situation tactfully.  Yes, yes I know this is selfish in a morbid sort of way, but isn't wanting me to be alive, miserable all the time selfish of them?  So to it.  I'm going to take two pens of her insulin, a bottle (if I can get a hold of some) of fine scotch.  I'm going to hike out to the middle of nowhere, (easily done where I live) get pretty toasty, play some guitar for the last time, and slip into a suicidal coma in the wild.  My body will likely be picked apart by coyotes, wolves, and mountain lions so no funeral arrangement will be necessary which will make it financially easy on my family.

I needed to get this out, because my close friends and family don't want a "cry" of help from me.  And I don't want to burden them with my constant mental break-downs.  I cannot afford "professional" help. So there's that. Thank you for reading if you did.

I love all life and wish you all the best.