I’m a ticking time bombThrowaway account. I wrote this to pour out my sadness. I feel so alone while I’m surrounded by people that love me. I’m so broken. 


I feel so lonely, not because I’m alone in this particular moment. I feel alone, in this world. Misunderstood. Forgotten. 

I have two close friends, maybe just one. He recently got into a relationship and I’m happy but I’m sad. I’m sad because all of his attention will be hers. He won’t be available to hang out with me. He doesn’t reach out as often as he did. He leaves me on read for hours even days. 

I think of dying probably more times than I actually think of surviving life. I think of dying while I’m cuddling with my boyfriend late at night. I think of dying when I’m having a good time with friends. I think of dying while I laugh so hard I start crying. I think of dying. 

I feel like that’s my only way to actually be happy. I love my boyfriend. I love him more than life itself. More than my life. 

I fantasize about killing myself. How would I do it? Would it be effective? Will i survive and live with the guilt and have everybody around me know how broken and fragile I can be and keep a close eye on me that I cannot breath? Will I kill myself after a bad long day at work? After I take my kids to school? After a wonderful date night with my husband?

I’m broken and sad. I don’t know what to do. I walk around with all these suppressed feelings so I don’t make my mom sad. I have these thoughts in the back of my head as I force myself to get up and go to work every cold morning. I feel this pain in my chest that just keeps growing like a stubborn weed pushing itself through concrete. 

I want to be happy, I don’t like being sad. I can’t help it. 

I think of all the people that will die. I think of all my close friends and family members dying one day. Having to bury every single one and not being able to take it. Every death chisels a piece of my broken wall. Tearing it down piece by piece until I disappear and become an empty shell. 

I need help

I can’t get help because only crazy people get help and I’m not crazy. I don’t need someone to tell me how to live my life or what to think. I pave my own path but I don’t know how to pave. I don’t know how to paint a pretty picture or how to craft. 

I’m a ticking time bomb. My hands are the matches and my brain the fuse. I want to light it so I don’t have to think or ever feel sad again. 

I think of dying. 