I know my situation is similar to thousands of others, but it still hurts more than I can currently bareI posted this on relationship advice but no one really noticed.  
this morning I told my ex that I couldn't be part of her life anymore (explained more in this post from a few days ago)
http://www.reddit.com/r/relationship_advice/comments/h555r/can_i_get_some_advice_on_this/ 
Now I have no one to talk , so I'm writing how i feel on the internet. It feels like I'm cheating at life. anyway, here is what happened:
It was very emotional, she cried a lot. At one point she remarked it “felt like I died.” Said she loved me, would probably always love me, and doesn’t just think, but knows that she will never find someone like me, and as right for her, again. She is scared she will never be as happy again, and can’t imagine not knowing me. She kept saying she always wanted to know me, to have me in her life. I don't think I have ever been this sad. It is a new kind of sad. I feel so empty I could fall into it. I know so many people go through this, but I don’t care This is the worst thing I have ever experienced and trying to comprehend not only never being with, but never even seeing or contacting this person ever again is preposterous, dumbfounding, like imagining the fourth dimension. I feel so connected to her. I wish I could better articulate things, but when I look at her, and looked at her face and eyes before saying good bye, I “just know.” That’s the best I can do. “I just know.”
I have so much more to say, so much more I wish I said to her, but to be perfectly honest, I’m afraid if I write anything more it will look too long and no one will read it. I was supposed to see a friend tonight at a graduation party, and was hoping to talk to her, to get a little comfort. She didn't come. I’ve never felt more alone, and that is not an exaggeration (I just got home from moving out after I graduated at home with literally no friends in my state), so any words, however honest, would do me some good.  Thinking about tomorrow, or the day after, makes my head explode.  