Talk myself off the ledge...Looking down at the vertical scars on my right wrists are a reminder that there was a time when my argument against killing myself, the impact of my death on others, didn't matter as much as my desire to end my life. Twenty-two stories up I would have jumped an hour ago if I could fit through the windows, but I cannot, and I cannot make a mess in the place of people who truly love me, yet cannot bring me solvency for my pain.

It is such a terrible feeling to want to kill yourself around those who love you knowing that they could never fully understand why you did it when you were smiles and laughs just a few hours before. But this depression is not something that functionally logical. I know that. All I know is that I want to walk out the door, grab a knife, two dish towels, walk into the bathroom, turn on the shower to as warm as possible, make the same cuts I have made before, tie the towels around my wrists, and sit down for those final moments. But they don't deserve to find my artificially warm body, pale, eyes open, dead body.

Why is it easier for me to imagine myself dead, in vivid detail then it is to look in the mirror?

Oh wait, that's because I have 41 dollars to my name. Actually make that like -14k, no income, and would be homeless if it weren't for the people who love me. Fuck, they don't even know. There is nothing more fun then applying for every fast food and basic job in your area and not getting a single home call because of what happened with your job. So what is my actual worth? All of my possessions combined don't even equal the debt that I have.

I want to kill myself so badly right now but who is going to explain to my mom that her only biological son, who she tried to have for years, after invetro, after adopting another son, her miracle baby that she had when she was 40 killed themself when she never knew there was a problem? Who is going to explain that in her twilight years of retirement that she has to bear the pain that there was nothing she could do to mitigate my suffering even though she showed me nothing but love and caring my entire life?

Why can I not just act on the urge of something that I have been fighting since my first year if middle school? Why do I have understand the inplications of my death on others? Why do I have to continue to suffer in silence rather then finally taking a stand for myself and finally do something for myself? Why can I not just be selfish?

And even if someone calls the ER because I am on the brink, who is going to pay for my treatment? There is a ledge that I have to spend the next few hours talking myself down or walk outside and play in traffic because there is nothing else. Either I wake up tomorrow as I am obligated to or I find the strength to finally end this nightmare of a roller coaster ride I am on.