I can’t think of a good title.I have been spiraling downwards for years now. For the last few days, I have been studying myself to see if I can determine what specifically makes me do the things I do and I have come to the conclusion that I am better off dead.

I am clinically diagnosed with depression, ADHD, and Bipolar disorder. My relationships are falling apart because every time I open my mouth, I say something boring at best and insulting and creepy at worst. I have lost interest in everything that I have enjoyed and everything that I try that’s new feels boring and uninteresting. I cannot keep a good conversation because I have a terrible memory and cannot recall most things in my life in detail. I get socially anxious in almost all situations and for good reason, because I can tell that what I say offends people and they distance themselves from me. Many of my older close friends have disowned me and now I have been isolating myself for years, making me even more socially awkward in every interaction I have.

What’s even worse, I barely care about anything or anyone anymore. I am manipulative with my parents and cannot really empathize with people too well so I lie to make my life easier and more interesting. I am selfish so many of the things I do, I do to help me, even when it might displease others. Whenever I try to learn something new, especially when trying to get a job, I give up pretty fast because it’s boring and because from past experience, I forget what I learned and cannot talk about it in interviews or reproduce it as work. I am also very lazy so I mostly watch shows or youtube to pass the time because it is the easiest way for me to get dopamine without doing anything, but even this is becoming boring.

Even though I barely care about people, there is still some part of me that wants people’s approval, so I put on a fake smile and try to help people but it feels hollow and I feel used. I try to keep the friends I have left by giving them services like car rides but I know our relationships are shallow and uninteresting.

I have tried a bunch of different ADHD medicine from Adderall to Ritalin to Dexedrine and they sort of work, but the side effects make them awful to take over a long time. No depression medicine works on me as far as I can tell.

I have tried to commit suicide twice, the first time with cuts and the second strangulation. One major consequence people tell me my suicide would have is on the minds of my loved ones, but truthfully, I do not care what the impact would be, because I would be dead and won’t have to deal with anyone anymore. 

Long story short, I’m a terrible human being who is selfish, lies to get by, is bored by pretty much everything, is too lazy to do anything about it, and cannot remember most of his life. I needed to get my feelings out. Not sure how long I have left.