Not sure I want to live right now.I'm a pretty average guy at 20 years old. When I was eleven my parents split because of infidelity, my older brother went to rehab for drug addiction, and I had to save my mother from a suicide attempt(call an ambulance rudimentary CPR). Ever since then I've dealt with severe depression. It's on and off and I've seen psychologists, and tried to self medicate many times with numerous drugs legal and illegal, but no matter what it always comes back. I thought I moved past my depression and got a motorcycle when I turned 18, yet a couple months later I got hit by a truck and was sent to the hospital with internal damage and a bunked up knee. Eventually I moved out of that depression pit with the help of working out (running) and the first real Love of my life lets call her R. R and I had a great relationship and were each others closest person we worked out together, found new music/passions, and spent every day together until she pointed out to me that I had become an alcoholic and I also dropped out of college which she viewed as worthless so she moved on. The alcoholism and dropping out were because depression came back and i was too worthless to do anything to stop it. Eventually I started working out again worked real hard got a new house and a new college career plan, a new part time job, and went back to school. Where I met my second Love lets call her H, now H drove race-cars( autocross), was incredible sociable and popular, a successful engineer, a great cooking partner, and my favorite person to play video games with in the world I truly Loved her. Depression came back though and long story short I dropped out again started getting jealous about stupid stuff, and took up my addictions again. H wasn't dumb so as soon as she realized this she left too. A month later I get a call from the police and go into questioning apparently R accused me of sexually assaulting her in our relationship, I hadn't spoken to her in over a year, and I never did anything she said I did the DA dropped the case because it was found out that I was innocent and any sexual part of R and my relationship was consensual. But it hurt really bad that someone I once Loved wanted to destroy my Life like that I hope shes okay somewhere and doesn't actually believe anything terrible like that might have happened between us because deep down she is a wonderful amazing person. there is no eventually to this part of the story I tried my hardest to restart make a new plan move to a new city and keep trying but everything fell apart and I'm more depressed than I've ever been. I've tried to commit suicide 3 different times in my life but the thoughts I'm having now are just like those. I don't want to die, but I also don't want to live apathy and misanthropy have overcome me and I don't have any desire to trust or believe in anything right now. What stops you from just ending it for sweet relief just the concept of not having to think about depression or life anymore it just seems so sweet deaths caress. 