My Suicide Attempts and Life AfterI'm a gay guy that's been in the military for about 7 years. I'm black, I like AHS and Food Network, I write a lot of poetry and I am in an odd relationship with myself. Long story short, I grew up a very shy and awkward kid who was tormented and bullied throughout my entire 18 years of school. During my senior year, I was in this program where I took college classes on-campus during the afternoon and remained at the high school during the morning. While going to those college classes, I would see the maturity of those adults and thought that life would change drastically for me. "No one will mess with me anymore. Adults are mature and I can be myself. I won't get bullied."

At 18 years old, I enlisted in the military. My first base was at a shop with a bunch of "frat boy types" and assholes. I sucked at my job, but had the best attitude. They made sure to tell me that too. I had to be trained on my job an entire year; the training process for new guys usually takes a few months. Feeling defeated about work, the people around me and how I can't seem to figure out my life, I decided to try to kill myself. The first attempt came from a place of not knowing what it took to die. I took maybe 6-7 pain pills and thought that I would just slip-away at night, but I woke up the next morning. 

At 20 years old, I was sent to another duty station in South Korea. The location matters only because I know that I was out of my comfort zone. My life sucked. This time, I knew what to do. This story gets really vivid, as I can remember every detail like it was yesterday. I started typing up a letter. No particular format. It was more of a rant that turned into a suicide note. I addressed a lot of people that hurt me over the years, family and a couple friends. It wasn't all bad, but it was my final thoughts. I put the laptop on my bathroom sink and had F+TM's "What the Water Gave Me," on repeat. I filled up the bathtub with water and dropped an entire bottle of Advil PM pills in the water. My thought was to be able to drink the water and swallow the pills with ease. The lights were off and I was hoping to just pass out and drown. 

This story gets kind of funny. My back was hurting and I wasn't nearly as comfortable as I imagined. So, I decided that since I swallowed most of the pills, I would be able to just go to sleep and not wake up. I'm not a perfectionist, but I'm slightly OCD and worry about what people think of me. I set up everything in my room for work the next day (alarm, uniform, etc.). If I woke up, I was going to go there like nothing ever happened. I made a promise to God that if he wanted me to live (and if I did live), then I would stop trying to kill myself. I remember a lot of crying and then I went to sleep. 

I woke up to my alarm the next day. It was still dark, as I had to be to work early. I couldn't walk. I fell out of bed and crawled/slithered to the bathroom. I peed in the toilet while laying on my stomach. I looked in the mirror and saw that my teeth were stained yellow from the pills, my lips were severely chapped and I had the worst case of "shakes" ever; more than your worst hangover. I ended up going to work and a few people noticed me shaking, but no one asked me what was wrong. It was surreal to know that I was in broad daylight, living and I just tried to kill myself the night before. I was already shy and reserved, but was on-edge and jittery the entire time. It was terrible. I felt like I was naked and would jump at every sound around me. 

I'm 25 years old now and haven't attempted since. I got stuck at a different duty station, but found tons of success here. If you read all of that, thank you. I've only told this story to 3 people. The rest of this might get a little confusing, as I'm going to just type what is in my brain as I lie in bed at 2:49 A.M. 

After a suicide attempt, you don't feel normal. Unless you've experienced it for yourself, you have no idea. I'm not one of those people that is big on the "think about your family," conversation. Suicide is a personal choice. No one else can stop you. They may can persuade you, but it is you that has to make the final decision. You don't wake up loving life and feeling ambitious and wanting to turn things around. I still hate life, push people away, lock myself up, shake, get easily nervous and have many thoughts on many nights about going to sleep and not waking up; I even prayed for God to just take me. In some strange way, I almost find comfort in those thoughts. The fact that I have the option to die (if I absolutely needed to) is comforting. It's a toxic dynamic, but has gotten me through many sleepless nights.

I decided to make an account here on Reddit and tell this story. These thoughts just crossed my mind as I'm dealing with a bad hangover and the fact that I cheated on one of my assignments for college. Feeling kind of scared and ashamed, I decided to write this post. I've been reading posts on various forums about suicide, but decided that a lot of them don't tell a story or really give a newcomer insight on what happens. I've developed a voice over the years and have a little bit more confidence on certain days. I'm a slight alcoholic (more of the volume-kind, not frequency). I don't drink often, but I do drink a lot and encourage others to do so as well. If you're not dead, then you can drink more. I'm in bed right now with chronic itchy skin, a broken ankle, a half-eaten Domino's sandwich and insomnia. I hope that someone finds comfort or solace in my post. My apologies for it being so long, but I needed to tell this story. I just don't know why. Feel feee to ask questions or extend the conversation even further. I don't really need to hide my identity as this is my life. I'm kind of proud that I went through it (shudders), but know that this lifestyle of mine is pretty dangerous. 



