I'm pretty sure my girlfriend killed herself because of what I said.I'm a sorry excuse for a person. I don't deserve to live, because I basically caused her death. I guess I should explain.

I've been dating a girl for about 5 months now. I'm 14 and she had turned 14 as well a few days prior. We've both had a history of depression and suicide attempts. 

So, Thursday. We got the day off from school, since it was snowing. I decided to text her. It was going well for a little, but then it became obvious that she was pre-occupied. She took a while to answer back to my texts and it was just 2-3 words, if anything. So, I tell her I gotta go, and I'll explain tomorrow. 

The next day, I learned she seemed pre-occupied because she was talking irl with another dude. Needless to say, I got jealous. Soon after, a lot of shit happened with my parents and I had a breakdown. At this point, I'm done with everything, so I took a nap. A little later, I woke up because my phone was ringing ; she called me. So I answer it, and tell her about my jealousy. She obviously didn't take it well, and she got mad. I told her to "just go" and that I'm sorry. She asked me why, so I told her "I'm used to being alone. Tbh, I've forgotten how to love, and I can't deal with this shit rn. I've changed. So just fucking go. Sorry." (Or something like that, anyway).  And the worst part was that everything I said was true. I have forgotten how to love, because I'm fucking numb. She left without saying anything. 

I didn't see her on Saturday. This was when I realized that I probably hurt her, and I felt really bad for it.

So, this evening. The last time I spoke to her. We were talking on the phone, as per usual. I immediately apologize, but she doesn't take it. She basically tells me that it doesn't matter because she's dead emotionally anyway, and that she didn't want anything to do with me. That hurt me, but I told her I understand, and that I deserve it. But the more we spoke, the worse she got. She told me that she'd been cutting herself for hours the day before, and that it was my fault. I'm crying at this point, and I couldn't muster a response to that. She told me, in a monotonic, unwavering voice, that she was done with everything &amp; that she's finally going to give up. She hung up before I could respond.

And that's the last time I've seen her. I'm a garbage person, I know. She's always been there for me, and this is how I fucking repay her. I hurt her and half-assedly tried to fix things. I'm going to bed. I'll look at all of your responses in the morning.

Before I go, I just wanted to say that she meant the world to me. I genuinely wanted to spend the rest of my life with her. So i don't fucking know how I'm gonna live knowing that I basically killed the girl of my dreams. 




