I cant find motive to live, it feels worthless.Suicide is considered very sinful in my culture and religious beliefs, so i cant kill myself no matter how much i want it, and believe me, I want it more than anything else right now. I've been struggling with moderate to severe depression for the past 7 months, I can't remember a single moment I was happy in. I may have a lot of friends, and parents, but they all feel meaningless to me. 

Parents constantly mock my depression and call me lazy, even after I had to literally beg them to go to a therapist, and I still have to every single week. Not to mention my mother physically and emotionally abusing me throughout my childhood that honestly makes me wish i never had a mother. Im grateful for having a great dad to get me through it, although he barely had any time for me, and always had huge expectations from me that i never could accomplish.

The friends I tried opening up to were very aggressive, and they attacked me for having no problems, living a normal life and just being a bitch for no reason. The ones that weren't aggressive weren't helpful at all, with the "live every moment with joy and dw about it" type of advice. The only person I felt connected to was my depressed "bestfriend" that probably has more issues than me but spends most of her time complaining to me about her life and relationship issues, and once her life is back on track im pretty much non existent. The cycle repeats but I pretty much accepted being an emotional support pillow and nothing more. Once I stopped texting my friends first i spent weeks upon weeks on my own half expecting a text from any "friend" but to no avail. I accepted that people can never be trusted, even when they say they care, itll be months before they find your rotting corpse hanging in your room.

The past two years for me have been extremely stressful as i was trying my best to force myself to beat my social anxiety and self loathing, i started giving a fuck about every person i know, i fell in love with a "friend" that has now put me in a traumatic-like state, all while trying my best to meet my parents expectation and do well in high school. I didnt do well. The "friend" i fell i love with i trusted with my life and opened up to even though it was extremely hard to get anything back from her, and i ended up doing literally everything in my power to try to further our relationship while constantly being lead on and off until she got a boyfriend and stopped texting me ever since. The amount of emotional manipulation was insane. Its been 10 months and I still cant get over her, even though every memory i had with her prompts ptsd-like symptoms to this day. 

And now im basically failing first year of college even when im doing my best, sleepless nights and medications just so i can keep attending classes and doing work. I hate every single second in college including the forced social interactions, the working hours and the useless fucking subjects that are completely unrelated to anything i wanted to do in the future. I keep getting worse every day with the added stress of college and what feels like a never ending cycle of anxiety, fatigue and pain for the next five years until i graduate, after which i have no idea what the fuck im supposed to do in life. All my motives and dreams are long gone and cant wait another second to die and stop existing. Idk what to do anymore... if theres anything worth living for that would keep me going, please do say it. I feel worthless and hopeless and im only waiting for another fuckup i life so i can happily end myself and go to hell.