Surrounded by extremely supportive friends and family, still want to dieI really want to die, despite my life going fairly well by all non-mental health measures. I have 3 very close friends who support me regardless of what I do, about 10 more pretty good friends who are pretty much always there for me and a shitton of drinking/drug buddies who are just fun to be with and give me good advice occasionally. I dropped out of uni almost 3 months ago, but I have enough money to sustain myself and I already have a guaranteed spot for a different programme starting this September. I consider myself to be reasonably good-looking (around a 7) and the feedback I've been getting from the opposite sex has been confirming this so far. The big issue is, I still want to die. I have tried suicide multiple times, with one of my latest attempts (an extremely narrowly failed bag on head/hanging/drug overdose on the 1st of March) leaving me with lessened control of my left arm and no feeling in the left side of my neck. My friends and family have been extremely supportive after that attempt and it also made me reveal my struggles to more of the people around me (only my 3 best friends knew I had also tried to off myself a month before). What literally nobody knows yet is that I snorted ~100mg of acetylfentanyl on the 21st of March with the hope of dying. I chose that chemical because it definitely wouldn't be the first thing they'd test for after my death (I hoped to fake an accidental death) and because I was pretty certain it would stop my breathing. I was very hesitant to combine it with benzodiazepines or alcohol, because I was on a tapering+no drinking schedule back then (over a month clean now) and didn't want to arise suspicions around my death. This turned out to be another narrow miss; I was just stuck in a semi-lucid dream state for a day and woke up totally destroyed afterwards, it took me 2 days to get back on track. Conveniently, I just came back from a trip abroad and hence I could blame my condition on being tired and ill which kept me off my friends' radar. The most fucked up thing is that it was a voice within my head (not an actual one) that told me to do it, it said "if you do this right now and survive I will abandon you for good" and, for some reason, I thought that was the depression talking. I've been feeling kinda up and down since then, but remembered what that voice "told" me and managed to keep my head up. For the first time in my life, I was genuinely open about my emotions without being under the influence of benzos/any other drugs. However, since about 3 weeks, I've been getting extremely lazy during the days (just waking up in the afternoons/evenings to hang out or party) and since about two weeks I have been neglecting even the parties, getting ridiculously smashed every time I do go to one so (~40 drinks a night, the last time I got that drunk was almost a year ago). The fucking voice telling me to off myself is coming back and my mind is playing tricks on me; I have a set of two memories of most things that happened within the past few weeks (even while sober), I fail to distinguish my pre-sleep dreams (dream-like hallucinations I get just before falling asleep) from reality and I sometimes hear familiar songs playing between background noises (sounding like they come from within my room). I don't want to be like this, I want to come back to the state I was in just after kicking the benzos. I fucking hate this situation, I know that going to the doctor and getting anti-psychotics will only fuck me up more (I've been prescribed a few different kinds after getting a false bipolar diagnosis and I remember how much those things numbed me down and made me want to die even more, not even mentioning the physical side effects). I just wish I could live my life without all of this bullshit and the burden I have from the past (a year of total isolation followed by extreme bullying, a psychosis, drug abuse and multiple suicide attempts). There's no fucking way out, I can either: 1) Kill myself and make a shitload of people suffer (last thing I want), 2) Spend a lot of time into researching a fool-proof method of faking a natural death (preferable option, even though it will be very tough to get right and require a lot of time and resources), 3) Go back to abusing drugs to numb myself and, again, make a shitload of people suffer (probably a tie with suicide in terms of desirability), 4) See how this shit develops and somehow try to ignore those thoughts (which will almost definitely end with me doing something very stupid, i.e. causing harm to others who don't deserve it) or 5) Go to the doctor and become a total fucking drug-fueled vegetable, effectively getting rid of what chances I had to have an actually fulfilling life. I just want to fall asleep and wake up without all this bullshit or not wake up at all. Sorry for the long rant, if anyone had enough patience to read this; you're an angel.