I feel alone. And dead. Mostly alone.I turned thirteen monday. I know I'm young, and I know I haven't seen the world yet or whatever, but I'm not all that interested in waiting a decade so I can be slightly older and just as disappointed.

I don't really have that many friends, and the ones I do are more so what I call pseudofriends, because they're good at making me laugh and have a good time but at the end of the day I'm not really able to talk to any of them about anything deeper than the weather or  whatever. Most of them haven't even gone through puberty yet.

I have a lot of internet “friends” that my little sister often refers to as my penpals (because I talk to them on a basis frequent enough for my little sister to be familiar with them, what a loser), and I can't really talk to most of them about much either, but I get a wider array of things to choose from than from the kids in real life. Most of them are also at least a few years older than me, which I think kinda helps in whatever twisted way it does. They're at least a little more interesting.

I've never been like other kids my age, and I know the kids who say that are always the ones who are exactly like the other kids their age, but I've really always been different, and I've always been really good at hiding the fact that I'm different. I read a lot. Books, essays, poetry and articles in The Economist and Foreign Policy, about things I at least find vaguely interesting for a while (Until I realise I haven't got anyone to discuss them with). I listen to a ton of indie rock bands, then I get a little upset when none of my friends in real life really want to hear about how great I thought this album by some band they've never heard of and aren't interested in hearing of was. I don't even act awkward about it, I just avoid things I really want to talk about and let them have a fun time instead of having everyone be miserable and me look like I live under a blissfully unaware rock. I even pretend being interested in things they like so as to not be alone, but it really makes me feel more alone than ever. I really don't like Katy Perry or the Hunger Games very much, to tell you the truth :I

I play a lot of instruments. I write sometimes. I paint and draw. I don't usually show anyone, and if I do it's internet friends, and I know they sugar coat everything because I'm the youngest out of them all.

I have an older sister who's really concerned about my social life. She once seriously asked me if I was planning on shooting up my school. (Note: I'm not and never will be, FBI, just highlighting my desolation here). The kids at school all like me, they really do, but they're terribly uninteresting. I stopped going to school in January and started seeing a psychiatrist (Says I have anxiety), being homeschooled, etc. I've only talked to a handful of people from school since. My sister told me that I'll be able to find people to relate to eventually, and that I need to keep my chin up and blah blah blah, but I'm not seeing it. I got bored of the routine and every day being the same, but being out of school hasn't been much (Or any?) better. I don't know. 

It gets awful lonely. I got a puppy to keep me company. I named her after Holden's little sister in The Catcher in the Rye. I can't talk to a dog. I don't know why I thought this would be a good idea whatsoever, but I like Phoebe anyway.

I don't really know how I'm going to get through the agony of having absolutely nothing to do these next few months. I'm going to try to be a little more uppity if I make it to August, but I don't know. Even then I'll only be dragging myself along.

I don't really feel like anyone cares much for me. I don't really let people care much for me. I can be a pretty ugly person when I'm feeling down, and I don't let just anyone see the part of me that's not faking being interesting. So I'm pretty much only a brat to the people I really like and can actually have good conversations with. You can imagine how this goes. 

I know you're all going to say “Oh, internet stranger, I care about you!!,” but come on. You say that to everyone, and you know it!

I've only done stupid stuff to try to die. Drank a bottle of Wite-out, swallowed a bunch of pain meds- Nothing I really expected to kill me, but I was still pretty disappointed when they didn't.  

Everything I do is just to pass the time, really. That's why I lurk reddit for a few hours a day and learned how to play the guitar. 

I don't know. I'm not really sure of anything. I don't know what to do. I don't really like being alone. I'm going to regret posting this in the morning.

I didn't mention it earlier but my psychiatrist doesn't know I'm suicidal, or anyone else for the matter, except one internet friend who I'm having a falling out with at the moment and am not sure if I'll ever speak to him again. Not up to me this time. We always have little arguments that always end in us acting like we like each other a lot again, but it went pretty far this time and I don't know. Not up to me.

But yeah. Just wanted to add that. She's never really asked about it because she doesn't really care, because her job is to make me want to go to school again, not to make me happy forever (since that's all my parents are interested in, so they can have a happy and normal looking family without a socially awkward daughter and lalalala)

also this is a throwaway, because I don't really want reddit to know I'm some little 13 year old maggot