Suicidal after a miscarriageThis is going to be long. I don't expect anyone to actually read it.

I've wanted to be a mother my entire life. It's the only thing I have consistently wanted. When I was 22 I found myself in an abusive relationship. There was lots of sexual abuse and a year into the relationship I was pregnant. This served as a gigantic wake up call so I left the relationship, had an abortion, and went back to school. Having the abortion was a very difficult thing to do but given the state of my life at that point I knew it was for the best. I struggled with the after effects for almost a year before feeling like myself again. 

Five years later I finally met someone I wanted a relationship with. He was kind, patient, and so laid back. Three months in to our relationship I was pregnant, despite using contraception. Together we discussed our options and, due to our respective abysmal financial situations, I very reluctantly had another abortion. But I asked him to promise me that from that moment on we'd start working towards building a life and having a family. His response was, "I promise. Our family will be beautiful." 

True to his word, that man is now my husband and our financial situation has vastly improved. And as soon as we got married we began trying to make a baby on purpose. But nothing happened. For an entire year. Now, since I knew full well I could get pregnant I found this to be incredibly painful. Eventually I had to stop trying because I was going crazy. So we stopped and I decided to focus on something else: weight loss.

I've struggled with my weight since puberty. I've tried everything from therapy to fad diets to an eating disorder rehab. Any weight loss I achieved was always minimal and short lived. So I decided to look into weight loss surgery. I talked to my doctor and he told me that I'd need to wait 18 months after surgery to try for a baby. I thought about it long and hard and, as sad as it made me to wait that long, I decided to go ahead with the surgery.

I had surgery in March of this year. So far I've lost 120lbs with only about 75 left to go. But in July, despite once again using protection, I got pregnant. I found out on August 4th. I cried and screamed and jumped for joy. I knew it was too soon after surgery but I was *not* letting this one go. No way. I would do whatever it took to have a healthy baby.

I learned I'd miscarried on September 22nd. Just three weeks earlier I'd seen the heartbeat on an ultrasound. But my baby was gone. So I had a third abortion, this time to remove a dead fetus...a wanted and wished for baby. I was and still am heartbroken. 

I had told myself I'd be sad for two days and then I'd move on but apparently that's not how this works. I can be totally fine one day and cripplingly sad the next. Yesterday my cousin announced that she's pregnant and that set me back really hard. She's not married so I wasn't expecting it at all and while I'd normally be totally stoked for her it threw me for a loop. It's only been a week and a half since the D&amp;C and I just wasn't expecting anyone close to me to have any pregnancy news. Naive, I know. 

The thing I'm having the hardest time with is the waiting. Because of the surgery I still have to wait an entire year before even trying again and the mere thought of that is killing me. I had made my peace with waiting but this unexpected pregnancy and the resulting miscarriage have changed everything. I thought my lifelong dream was finally coming true and I thought it was coming true *now*. But it's not even close enough for me to feel like I can plan for it or talk about "when I have kids...." I'm beyond impatient now. I feel like I'm broken and the only thing that will heal me is a baby.

There are other aspects to this too. Like, how am I supposed to be happy when/if I get pregnant again? How is it supposed to feel new and special and exciting when all I'll feel is bitter and afraid? How am I supposed to make all those phone calls to my family to tell them I'm pregnant again when this miscarriage is hanging over me? How am I supposed to get through a pregnancy without worrying that I'll miscarry again? What if I *can't* get through a pregnancy without miscarrying? What if we start trying and another year goes by with no luck? I'd like to think the weight loss helped my fertility (I was at some of my lowest weights each time I got pregnant but I still can't help but worry). What if I never become a mother? And please don't talk to me about adoption. It costs far too much for us to ever afford it, otherwise I'd be all about it and already working on it.

All of this...it might seem like nothing to other people but please believe that to me this is *everything*. And I believe that if I can't have a baby then I do not want to live. I don't know that I want to live if I have to wait a year to try again. I lay in bed last night fantasizing about ways to kill myself. I want the pain to stop. I keep running my hands from my shoulders down my arms in some semi-subconscious attempt to wipe the pain off me as though it were some physical thing wrapped around me. Honestly, that's how it feels: heavy, constant, and very very real. 

The only ways to make it stop are pregnancy or death. And only one of those is an option.