Just wanted to share some of my thoughts and story with you all.Hello, Soviet here. As I was laying om my sofa and listening to some of my favorite tapes,I decided to share my thoughts with you all. I am 23 and from Moscow, Russia. Sorry for any mistakes. Recently I started thinking about killing myself more and more. I have been struggling with depression since 14,Nothing is holding me. My friends left me, my parents are divorced since I was 15-16 yo, that intensified my depression. Mother pretends to like and care about me, father is always busy with his work. I have no girlfriend, she broke up with me in 2015, just before New year, 26 of December to be exact, that hit me hard af. All I have is my suicidal thoughts and depression. I am tired of living in Russia. I hate this country. It is depressing with it's gray buildings, gray sky. People care about themselves only. I'm tired of the daily pain. I'm tired of crying every night with or without reason.I'm tired of aimlessly cutting my hands. I'm tired of sitting at the computer all day aimlessly. I am tired of my aimless existence. I am tired. But some strange force isn't letting me to kill myself. I tried. When i was 18 i tried to hang myself but my family found me and saved me. I don't know what it is, but it is was saving me from myself for last 1.5 year. I wish for my life to reverse a bit. back to when skype was used and connection issues were annoying as fuck to run into. I wanna go back to playing Minecraft with friends, on sky block or something simple like that. I wanna turn back to when I was much younger, playing my living room with legos and building things out of this world to me I would like it when I genuinely felt that Christmas was a special time, Not just a holiday for getting gifts. I want simple things.With every day I can feel like I am loosing my mind more and more. I frequently talk to myself, I started hearing voices calling me in a crowd. Life just kicked my ass. I'm sorry for venting in your feed but I felt like some wouldn't mind. Sorry if you don't want to hear my shit.