Ive been isolated in my home for years. Almost all of my schooling from ages 1-18 has been in isolation. I think I want to die.Hello. I’ve been homeschooled my entire life more or less due to a combination of a very sheltering mom and an illness I was born with. Because I was homeschooled and later online schooled for all my high school years, I developed no relationships outside of my family. I’ve never had a real girlfriend or boyfriend. I’ve never had a friend I met on my own that I knew for longer than a week. I was lower class early years, but now I’m middle class. I have so many materialistic things but they start to lose their value. I want human connection. I want to know what it feels like to have friends that you can hang out with. I want to know what it feels like to have a girlfriend to, just be with. I have wanted this for years. I think about it every now and then. I’ve met thousands, likely tens of thousands of people online, but it means nothing to me now. I’ve learned so much from them, but gotten no experience and no feelings from it. 

In january of 2020 i got my drivers license. I was beginning to be independent. I was excited about starting college in the fall and meeting people to build real life relationships. Covid destroyed that vision. That same vision I had when i tried going to public high school only to get severely sick within a week. I now take fully online classes in my first semester. I havent been around other people except for my quarantined family for 5 months. I now do exactly what I did in highschool, except my depression is worse because I’m older and still facing the fact that I have never had a friend in real life, at least not around a decade. This is the closest ive gotten to thinking about killing myself. Tonight. I just feel like i cant take it anymore. Every time people hear my story, not within a depressing context, they just tell me the same thing. They feel bad for me and they say ill find someone one day. My entire existence has told me otherwise. I dont know how to kill mysef or if im even strong enough to. I dont know what to do.