A ReasonI'm in serious dire straights. 

If only one person were to read this today, that would be enough.
I've come to Reddit many times seeking help for my various problems over the years, but let me keep it quick. I'm in the worst state of depression I've ever been in. There's been this huge lead up to it over the past three years and the ripple effect has been huge, with the onset of panic disorder, agoraphobia and coming dangerously close to developing an eating disorder. My depression is so bad at the moment I'm in physical pain. I'm pretty much frowning all the time (whether I want to or not) and as a result  have chronic headaches all the time. I can't sleep, I binged eat and I'm supossed to go back to uni next week (six hours away from my folks), but my parents are desperately trying to convince me not to go back because they think my depression will get worse and I'll kill myself. 
This is the worst my depression's even been and probably will ever be. My Mom knows I have suicidal thoughts (only recently) and with her help, I've been on medication since May, but it's not doing much and I'm just as depressed and suicidal as usual. I say 'suicidal' loosely, because I feel like a fucking imposter. I guess I feel like I'd be doing everyone a huge fucking favour if I did die, but I don't think I necessarily want to die. 
I just feel like it's an inevitable part of my future. I fucking hate myself and I'm convinced that me feeling like this will result in me eventually killing myself. I have no desire to grow old. I've never been with anyone and I'm 21. I can't keep a job or keep up with school because I'm too fucking depressed. Some days I really wanna do something and it takes everything in me to not down a shit ton of pills or write a suicide note. Yet again, I don't wanna die, I just want the pain to end, as cliche as that sounds.
It's just that the pain's getting so bad I think I'm beyond the point of fixing any of this. It's either suicide or live out the rest of my life barely hanging in there and suffering. Sometimes I wonder what I have to be suicidal and depressed about. I'm 21, in reasonably good health, have a wonderful family, live in a safe country, never really want for anything and go to a good school. I'm just fucking ungrateful. I could do so many amazing things with my life but I just don't have the motivation, because I don't deserve to achieve those things. I don't even deserve to get better. I've tried so fucking hard over so many years to beat this. I've really, really tried, but all I get for my hard work is ending up in exactly the same place I started, sometimes worse. 
I'm so fucking alone. Only my Mom knows anything and even she doesn't know everything. I have no friends, just acquaintances. My uni has so many people I like and honestly think are really good people living on campus with me but I keep telling myself they don't really care about me. They wouldn't care if I died. They wouldn't even fucking care if I was depressed  because I fucking deserve this. They wouldn't have to humour me anymore if I dropped out or killed myself and I don't even want to consider dropping out so what choice do I have? I had this amazing friend group and even after I tried so hard to go along to every event (EVERY event), smile, be funny and go majorly out of my way help them get around and do everything they wanted to do in my city (they're exchange students), they ended up ditching me. I can not tell you the amount of times I'd be crying my eyes out, talking myself out of jumping out my window or having a full blown panic attack moments before I headed out to be with them. But it was all for nothing. I was excluded from plans, they never replied to my messages or calls (but regularly talked with each other in the group chat), ate without me (we live in a hall), did things without me constantly, some of them were quite rude to me at times and were happy to call me 'overly cautious' and 'paranoid' because of how I acted because of my anxiety. No, they didnt know about my anxiety or depression, but that's a fucking shitty thing to say anyways when I was trying so hard to be brave.
 I don't expect anything in life, I honestly don't. It just seems that it doesn't matter how fucking hard I try, I'm a piece of shit that no one really likes or enjoys being around and if I was dead, all these 'friends' and people in my life that I actually care about would be much better off. I feel like an alien. Something about me is wrong and I'm too different to connect with anyone. I'm so indifferent to death. I'm becoming cold and I fucking hate it. I'll never have good close friends or a partner. It's not a future that's possible for me.
A big part of me wants to get better, but this has been going on for years. What reasons are there anyways to get better? To grow so old I can't even shit by myself or remember my loved ones? To bust my ass to get a degree that's gonna get me a salary that's snatched up by taxes? To have to constantly pussyfoot around others because I'm so terrified of offending them? To spend every second of my life living like this? 
I only keep going for my family, but on my worst days, my brain convinces me that they want me to die to ease the burden of having to care for someone with a mental illness (not true, my family are amazing, but I fucking believe it anyways). 

I only have two questions. 

I said I wouldn't consider dropping out of uni (this will be my second time if I do), but should I really go back? I live six hours away from my folks in a tiny room with no friends or people to rely on. If I'm this depressed and suicidal, is it a good idea or do I let my folks convince me into staying home six months? 

Finally, can anyone give me a reason to keep going? 

Just one fucking reason would be enough.

Keep fighting the good fight, guys.