Schizophrenia and guiltI’m 20 years old and currently live with my 2 best friends and a roommate. At 17 due to family problems I was kicked out and had trouble finding stable placement and at this point I was having delusions of reference, thinking that tv shows and music were trying to convey a secret to me. I had trouble stabilizing myself but a couple friends stayed patient with me and we ended up moving in together a year later. At this point I was still working and still thinking somewhat lucid, 5 months into our lease is when auditory hallucinations starting appearing and it started as metal scraping and water running turning into whispers to full on conversations and telling me to run, don’t look there, they hear you, he’s coming etc etc. I completely shut down and got fired for calling out so often due to the fear of being out in public or having to speak to anyone. My friends have been kind enough to help me out financially and pay my rent since I don’t have any other support, but we are 20 and I feel terrible for stunting the years they were supposed to be setting themselves up. I can’t shake my suicidal thoughts and it feels like here or not I am just disappointing them and making it hard for them even with their reassurance. I am waiting for my insurance to go through so I can start medications but I know they do not know how to deal with my schizophrenia because I don’t know how. I want nothing more for them to be ok I owe my life to them, but I can’t stop thinking that I am just added on problems for them. I just got a job again so I will be able to help out but I am scared for another episode, I want them to let go so that if I go, the blow will be softer and their lives go undisrupted and that’s been expressed to them but they have unconditional love that I want nothing more to honor. I just feel so disconnected, almost catatonic. If anyone has any advice as to how they manage their suicidal thoughts and delusions it would be a great help, thank you :/