I’m so FUC*ED!!! I lost my insurance but I have no will to fix it because I cannot handle stress. Yet I’m developing tooth aches and running out of psych meds. Oh what fun! I feel tempted to end it allI cannot handle anything. I don’t work.
I don’t cook, clean, shower, brush, etc.
Only once in a while I shower.
The smallest things that go wrong send me into either an anxiety attack or RAGE outburst

Even caring for  my cats stresses me out. 

So I keep my heart rate low and temper at a minimum by playing  on my phone and keeping my head in the sand


As my therapist always tells me 
“You seem to have given up.”

I and I have. I am severely mentally ill, my dreams in life were crushed because of my issues even though in the past I worked so hard to make my dreams come true. But poverty and mental illness don’t work well together! Especially with ZERO family support because they are also poor, ridden with mental illness, dysfunctional and selfish

I only see my therapist because at least she is someone to talk to who won’t judge me and also because I need my medication. I have no friends nor want any. But the office won’t allow me to have medication unless I see a stupid Therapist.


As for my insurance issue...

I was on medicaid and I renew it every yr by mail.  But there was some type of paperwork issue and I never got a notice in the mail about it so my case was closed. This means I have to go to some office and beg them to re-open it  by going to the Medicaid office which is nowhere near where I live. Medicaid office workers are **notorious assholes** like none other. I’ll even take talking to the DMV workers over them! 


If the asshole workers tell me they are not gonna help me,  I’ll have to reapply and wait 45 days for an approval. And if they have an attitude I’ll probably be escorted out after screaming at them because I have a temper.
And especially in the morning.
I tried to get dressed to go today but was too tired and once my coffee dropped on accident This morning I wanted to smash my TV into pieces. My issue is I’m someone who can never keep my eyes open in the morning even if I sleep all night. I’m a mega bitch unless I sleep in

But if I don’t go early in the morning to this office I’ll be stuck waiting there for like five hours of probably nowhere to sit because these places are often crowded and full of cranky fucking people and crying babies. 

Also I live in a city where i must take the metro and people here are often rude and pushy.

When I get stressed, in a matter of minutes I get full of achey back pain and leg pain and feel hot and itchy to the point I get eczema.


It’s all too much.
This is gonna be bad.

I think once the toothaches become bad enough I’ll just kill myself because the last time I had a toothache it was so bad I was screaming my head off on and off for weeks until they  finally pulled my tooth out

But  I don’t want to become toothless either

 but I also won’t do anything to fix it so I’m just going around in circles and going nowhere