Just falling back into itI had gone through a long period of pretty severe depression, from like 18 to 32 basically, included a couple suicide attempts with pills, but like 4-5 years ago was the last attempt and after I quit my job and focused on trying solutions again, medication and some group therapy etc... 

After that period, I seemed to be mostly fine, was on medication a couple years, new job doing well, making good money and in a senior position, even own a condo in downtown Toronto so financial and workwise I'm fine. 

I've got no girlfriend, but do have a good social network and stuff, get along with people blah blah. 

Thing is I guess a few things, one I'm tired essentially all the time, I've done CPAP, even recently had a surgery in my throat to help breathing, nothing there helps and being exhausted is exhausting. 

I'm overweight and in pain pretty much always, It was a car accident many years ago that caused initial weight gain and I think spurred on depression initially, at a few points in my life I've managed to lose a lot of that weight, like 80lbs but never have been able to maintain it and tend to slip back to worse.

But I guess my real concern is my thoughts are really strongly now returning to fantasy  of acting again, more decisively. I've noticed this over the past several months, and it's really coming to a head tonight with my thoughts going back to ending it quite frequently, starting to encourage myself to plan ahead, like why not get a gun then it's there when I need it and am in a mental state to follow through etc... 

I think I'm watching myself go back into the state I was 5 years ago and just having the reaction of 'I'm never going back to feeling like that' and thinking this is potentially the only way to prevent it. 

I'm too old to end up doing another re-set on my life, I did it once and basically ran off to do a Master's degree where i could pretty much sit at home, avoid responsibility and pass classes by doing a bare minimum. Then a few years after i quit a decent paying job to get help, and when I found a new job it was for like $20k less, in a few years iIm certainly well beyond where I was and I'm thinking if for some reason I had a major problem again I'd never get back to this high after quitting if I had to. 

I got home tonight and looked up a crisis centre hotline, started to dial it and just don't want to hit the button to make the call. I'm thinknig like I don't want to treat it again, I just don't want to do it at all anymore, if I'm actually at a point I'm going to decline into that again I'm not doing it. 