My abuser never faced any consequences and is now massively successfulI was in an abusive relationship for 4 years. My abuser told me that he purposefully changes his entire personality, likes and dislikes, hobbies and interests to appear as charismatic as possible to whoever he wants to win over. And he was really fucking good at it so everyone at our school loved him. He emotionally abused me, belittled me and made me feel broken. He would get angry with me if I ever did better than him in exams, and made me feel guilty just for doing well. He told me his dad knew people that could kill people if he wanted them to. He monitored all my social media and accused me of cheating if I ever interacted with a guy. He wouldn't let me be friends with guys, and alienated me from the rest of my friends. I've recently come to terms with the fact that he also sexually abused me. 

And I was a fucking idiot and deleted all the evidence, so he got away with it.

When I finally started speaking out about it (without even naming him) on Facebook, someone from my hometown, I still have no idea who, must have sent him screenshots because he tracked down my twitter account and DMd me telling me to stop 'badmouthing' him. Told me he'd 'moved on'. 

And because I never did anything about it, he's now a fucking doctor, training to be a PSYCHIATRIST. It makes me feel nauseous to think about. It feels like a sick joke. I think about him talking to other abuse victims who went through the same thing as me, and it makes me wonder what he thinks about when he hears how much it affected them.

I see so many people on twitter speaking out against their abusers and I wish that could be me. But who the fuck would believe me, some random loser, over an actual fucking doctor? He's going to live the rest of his life successfully, with absolutely no repercussions. He gets to treat me like just another chapter in his life and go on unimpeded, he probably doesn't even remember half the shit he did to me. Whereas I'm stuck with this forever, rotting my brain.