First call for help. Feels like i'm at the end of the line here.This is my first real attempt at seeking help with the suicidal thoughts i've been having for years, and i don't really know what to say. I find it difficult to seek help from friends or family, so i thought i'd try reddit where i don't know anybody. Anyway, here goes:

I've been having depressive thoughts and anxiety for a couple of years now, and it has progressively gotten worse. I've never opened up to anyone about it, and i don't think anyone knows the whole extent of it, although some might have worried about me sometimes.

Last year things got really bad. I was studying my countrys equal to last year of high school, and i was really struggling with school. I'm fairly intelligent, but i just can't concentrate whenever i'm feeling alot of anxiety, which really made it difficult for me to keep up in school. I still managed to get good grades, with alot of difficulty and support from a teacher. Now, that's good an all, but the road there was really bumpy. I kept finding it more and more difficult to be active socially, and started to isolate myself (something i often do when feeling down). Some days i found it so difficult to meet my classmates and teachers that i just flat out didn't go to school that day.  It all kept going downhill until one day i got a bad grade at a math-exam. Now, i can't explain what went through my mind, but i just couldn't cope with it. I waited until class was over, and then i walked straight to the nearest drug store (or whatever you call it in english, you'll know from context). There i bought a bottle of sleeping pills, and took it with me back to school. I locked myself in a restroom, and after some waiting i swalloved the whole bottle. 

I don't know what exactly i was thinking. I'm not sure if i was expecting to die, or even be in any form of danger. I guess i just needed to do *something*.

I then sat there for another 15 minutes, and then i carried on with my day as if nothing had happened. I came home, went to violin-practice, came back home, where i then sort of collapsed. What happened was that i sat down, feeling whoozy, and then i just fell asleep. My mother found me and asked me what i was doing. I woke up and told her i was just resting. I'm not sure how much she suspected, but she seemed worried for me.

Anyways, after that i felt a little better, and i managed to keep it together long enough to graduate. The whole summer felt good aswell,  with me managing to get into my prefered university being the best of it.  And thats where i am now, and also where i'm feeling my worst.

I've been here for about 3 months now, i moved about 90 kilometers to study here. At first i was really happy to be here, and i've been trying really hard to keep up in my studies. However, not after long my old problems started to show up again, and i found it even more difficult to keep up. I still spend about 7-8 hours every day (including saturday and sunday) studying, but i just can't concentrate. I end up sitting there staring blankly at my work, trying to keep it together. 

I am now about a week and a half away from when i'm going to turn in all of my assignments and do the course-tests (don't know the english words), and i feel like i have no idea what i am doing. I cant turn to anyone for help in my class, i haven't really made any friends here. I just feel like i failed at the finish line, and there's no turning back now. I can't fail my parents like this, i've been enough trouble throughout the years, and i'm frikkin' 19 now! I can't just move back home and weigh them down like this, so what should i do?

So today i bought this packet of 20 pills. They're not sleeping pills, and   i know that if i consume them with alcohol it could be potentially dangerous. I'm still much more hesitant to take them though. It's alot like last year, but this time i snapped out of it before i got home to swallow the pills. I'm still not sure if i want to, it feels like i'm holding out with them as one last option. I just don't know what to do anymore, could anyone give me advice?