Eyes deep in student loan debt, underemployed since graduation, out of work since February, taking more anxiety medication than I ever have, and I’m stuck in the United States—— so basically all I thought about last night was how I might kill myself. And it made me feel better? 





I think I’m beyond the point that I can call exhaustion. Hospital bills I can’t pay, off my parents’ health insurance in four months, heading back to school because there’s no hope for me in the job market with my current degree.

No friends in town, no lover, not allowed pets, and I think I’m just dying inside. Tried to get a job in July and suffered from such severe panic attacks every day for the first two weeks that I had to resign. Now I’m basically on elephant tranquilizers because otherwise I’m so scared I can’t eat. 

I’ve been trying to climb my way out of this hole using my fingernails for three years and counting. I live in a family of, at best , people so without the emotional capacity for empathy that they only get stressed out and shut down when I try to reach for emotional support, and at worst, narcissists. (But I think that’s actually the same thing) 

I’ve come to the heartbreaking realization that control is an illusion and that we are all the result of our genetic disposition triggered by our environmental circumstances and I was dealt a bad hand. The only thing that makes me feel momentarily better is detachment at monk levels of asceticism—- but in the end if I want to live in this world I need to be able to eat, which means I can’t detach from society completely. 


I keep thinking that if I were somehow better, smarter, had more energy, then maybe I could get myself out of this. I’ve been thinking that way for a while, and that is probably why I feel like such a failure. 

I’ve realized I won’t be able to afford new shoes or clothes, let alone a new car, house, or children, at any time soon, if things don’t change. 


I’ve been stricken with grief for three years and counting, and I’m so. 

      So




              So


                          Exhausted.