I hope someone reads this, even if its one person. I want to get some stuff off my chest, it's too much to tell my family so they won't know why I am killing myselfI feel like a literal dysfunction of the brain. I've been mentally and physically abused from a very young age until I was 7, although, it still felt like quite a normal life. When my dad left and I was just being raised by my mom it was the best time of my life. As sad as it is, from 7 until 13 was the only time I ever had friends. Actual genuine friends who I had fun with and considered family. During this time though was when one of the contributors to my fucked up brain was coming to fruition. My brother introduced me to porn, when I was very young. He taught me how to masturbate and that evolved into me and him masturbating under his sheets together. Then one day he proposed the idea that we jack each other off while we were taking a bath. (forgot to mention he is 3 years older than me) This caused me to have a fucked up psychological state for a long time. I thought I was gay for a long time even though I knew a hundred percent I was attracted to women. I have fucked up sexual desires due to this. I'm attracted to my fucking cousin. I'm not gonna go into more depth about this because it's too painful being self aware of the fucked up thoughts I have. Anyways, we moved to Jakarta when I was in grade 7, that's when my social life ended. All my traumas came back and I just couldn't socialize. It was terrifying and I ended up becoming addicted to my computer. I had no friends for 2 years and only superficial relationships with other losers. In my freshman year I took some action and went out to parties. Went out a few times drinking until I met some other people that were pretty cool, I still kept up a fake persona so I could not connect with anyone. Drank at least once a week. Then I moved to Kyiv in grade 10, my first school I went to was terrible. All my fault, because I ruined it for myself, I closed myself in with defensive walls, and was an unintentional asshole causing everyone to hate me. I dropped out to do online courses suddenly by just not showing up to school one day. My mom allowed me to do that because she noticed the dire situation I was in. The online courses turned into me spending a whole year in one room without leaving almost ever. I played games and watched movies and youtube videos. I coped with my shitty life by drowning in dopamine giving tools on my laptop. My mom went crazy throughout the year because I was failing the online courses and was just fucking around. In this year I met one guy, I'll call him Owen. Me and Owen weren't really friends. Just two losers who got together because we were rejected by all others. Me and him smoked a lot of weed together. I don't know why I smoked weed because every time I did I became extremely anxious and closed off. He witnessed my mental decline first hand. He definitely noticed I was not okay. We also discovered hard drugs that year. We met some guy that became our drug dealer one night when we were searching for a strip club. One thing led to another and we met some ukrainian pimp who also deals drugs. The first time I asked him if he had ecstasy he said yea, and when we actually got it, it was some paper with a MOUND of white powder. We didn't know it was speed at the time, we had absolutely no idea what we were taking. We didn't snort it, we ate the speed. The night started out, we felt the effects about 20 minutes in. It was crazy. Too fucking crazy. I started talking non stop. I think I was repeating the word fuckin all throughout the night. The most terrifying thing was that we both blacked out for a majority of the night, and my mom was about 10 meters away in her room. He stopped talking, all night he became a mute. I was terrified. I thought he had lost his mind. So I panicked and was trying to get him to say something, literally anything. It was a clusterfuck. We could have easily OD'd that night, the fucking drug dealer was trying to get us hooked so we would be recurring customers. I black out, and then I hear my moms voice at 8am in the morning. As soon as I hear her voice I snap out of the trance. Still fucked, I had to go to the store with her and her friends. We went and as we were going I was trying to keep my cool although still tripping hard. Anyways I did it just fine, my friend stayed at my place and said he saw ghosts. I did this stuff a few more times, it got to the point where I starting picking through the carpet, looking for anything that ever resembles speed to get another hit. I stopped myself before it got too bad. Then we discovered ecstasy. Oooooh man is ecstasy wonderful. It is honestly one of the highlights of my life. Still gonna do it again sometime soon. When we started out we did it too often. Like once or twice a week. I'd be trying to trick my mom into giving me my allowance by changing the progress bar on the website of my online school. It worked a few times. After bingeing a lot we decided to take it easy. We did some research on how to roll safely, and tried. I still pop molly to this day but a lot less frequently. The molly was also pretty bad, it contributed to my intense depression. After a year of absolute hell, I was ready. After only socializing with Owen and my mom for a year I wanted to be better. This time I was gonna be outgoing and have lots of friends. I started school again at the other international school. My first day was cringe but far better because I was optimistic. To give you an idea I introduced myself to a group of guys in my grade, nearly my whole grade, and when they asked where I was from I said, "I'm white"(I met some other guys that were pretty cool though". Now we're at the part of the story where I am living now. I've made a decent amount of friends. Still don't consider them close friends. More like school friends. I've blocked myself off with my "Defensive walls" again, and this time people don't hate me they are just weirded out by me. Still though, I'm proud of what I've achieved. I get invited to parties, and what not. I still feel empty though. I feel like I want to improve myself but I don't have the energy to do so. Even if I wanted to, I would be working at a lost cause, because I feel that due to my experience my brain is deteriorating and I am incapable of being who I want to be. I'll never become someone I'll be proud of. I'll never be proud of myself. And above all. I am literally unable to have a human connection. I've lost touch with family. Even the mom I live with, I do not connect with her. I've lost 99.9% of my social skills. I am beyond salvageable. I feel like all of that can be fixed by just erasing myself from this world. Death is natural. I do not belong and that's fine with me. My existence will only cause more problems in the future, for my family and for those around me. My children will have my dna, which will leave them handicapped. We are all part of the game of life, natural selection is selecting against me. I guess I am just not meant to be. I am going to kill myself, but I am letting this come to the grave with me. I just needed to tell someone, just needed to get it off my chest so at least one person could see this. I feel like an asshole for killing myself, because I know it will cause immense pain for my mom and my brother (which I do not hold any grudges against despite what he did, he was young stupid and also traumatised), I hope they will understand, and if not I will explain when we meet again where this fucked up life of mine is out of the picture.