There was a community meeting studio empowerment programme at 1:30pm on 14 June 2018, and my experience was traumatic I woke up at 12:30pm on 14 June 2018, but the empowerment programme was going to start at 1:30pm. I was pondering whether I should go or not, since I didn't have much time to prepare. 

  
  I ate lunch and bathed, then I rushed to OcTAVE Outpatient Rehabilitation Centre in the Institute of Mental Health (IMH) Singapore. 

  
  It was Hari Raya Puasa on the next day, so today's empowerment programmes consisted of making greeting cards for Hari Raya Puasa, participating in a quiz related to Hari Raya Puasa, and singing songs related to Hari Raya Puasa. 

  
  My friend was talking to his another friend. They were friendly to each other. I had difficulty mingling with them. I was upset and envious, and I became emotionally unstable. I felt like I was about to cry, but I controlled it. 

  
  After making the greeting cards for Hari Raya Puasa, we would have to come to the front of the classroom and told the other classmates publicly about why we had designed the greeting cards in such a way, and who did we dedicate the greeting card to. 

  
  My friend made a greeting card and dedicated his card to his another friend. His another friend also made a greeting card and dedicated it to him. I became even more emotionally unstable. 

  
  Luckily, someone before me had dedicated the greeting card to his/her mother, and I learned to say the same thing, in front of the classroom. 

  
  Next, we took a short break. I drank a cup of sweet beverage. 

  
  It was quiz time now. Everyone must answer at least a question, and I was still emotionally unstable. When I had to answer the question, I wanted to cry and I controlled it, but I thought the other classmates must have noticed it. 

  
  Singing Hari Raya Puasa songs was the next programme. I tried to keep a low profile and prayed that they would not force me to sing. I just happened to clap along with each other during singing. 

  
  After 2 hours, the programme finally ended. I waited a bit, but my friend and his another friend didn't talk to me as we were about to leave the class. I walked off, and my friend suddenly called me. We talked a bit, and then we parted ways. 

  
  This 2-hour experience was really traumatic for me. 

  
  I would like to say thank you for reading my blog post. I hoped sincerely you all would have a nice day ahead. Good bye :) 