This is probably pointless to even post...I have been depressed for the last four years. (I'm 17) I'm not talking about the teenage depression, I've tried several times to take my own life. I've either pussied out, or I didn't succeed in it.

The reason that I've been so depressed lately is because of a girl. (I met her over the internet)Shes my dream girl. Long curly brown hair, the most stunning look in her eyes, amazing smile, extremely soothing voice, and a personality just as unbelievable. We hit it off great, talking as much as we could, video chatting, phone convorsations, everything. We decided that we should meet up. I busted my ass to get the money to see her, and on the day before I was supposed to go up there, she calls it off. I was devistated to say the least. I did all of that work, all of the planning to meet the girl of my dreams just to have her call it off the day before.

A month of depression slowly creeps by of no contact between us (our phones were messing up and didn't know it)until around five days ago she messages me on Skype again. We IM'd for a while and then got off. Yesterday we got on the cam again until five in the morning until she fell asleep talking to me. I got to thinking about how easy it is to lose her again. Being long distance, all she has to do is stop talking to me and it would be over.

What really drove me over the edge was something that she brought up last night. She told me that a couple of days before we started talking again she met up with some random guy. Normally this wouldn't seem like a big deal to anybody else, but its a sore subject with us. She knows that I get jealous really easily and told me that she wouldn't really talk about to with me bcause of that. She told me that the first time that we talked because we had a thing going. After she told me about it, it made me realize that I had been friendzoned. That has depressed me sooo much that I feel like I can't take it anymore. I already have a suicide plan and I'm going to write a short but meaningful suicide note to her and a couple of other people. All I'm waiting for is the gears to be set into motion.

I apologize in advance if this is hard to follow, I can't really think straight right now and my thoughts are scattered.