I hate my body.I hate my body.

Not in the "I'm too heavy, or too skinny" way, but the fact that I'm trapped in this shitty meat tube that needs to eat, and sleep, and needs money to do all that.  I feel like a prisoner to my physical needs, trudging to and returning from another day at the shit job that keeps a roof over my head and a daily meal between 9pm and midnight after another 13-16 hour day.

I'm 26 now and have had several jobs out of college, all of which go as follows:

Get the job

Enjoy learning the new job

Excel and get promoted


After a year to a year and a half get burnt out of excelling at job.

Slack off at job.

Hate job and leave

Start over

I'm tired of the grind and I can't imagine doing it for another 2 years, let alone 5 or 10 or 50 or 60.   It's also impossible to care about work (or anything) when you accept that we'll all be dead eventually and won't care at all about the events of today.

I hate this body and I spend a huge amount of time trying to beat it into submission (smoking, drinking, driving too fast, etc...). I'm desperate to finally break it and separate myself from this burden but so far no luck.  

The only thing keeping me here is my girlfriend who would be devastated by my departure, but even she, in the long run, wont have an opinion.  

I've bounced between unbearable optimism and crushing depression my whole life, only now for the first time, I don't expect a rebound.  This is the first time I've felt my optimism disappear.  There is no hope for humanity, certainly none for the individual, and given that I can't find any reason to pursue anything (even things I enjoy, I know don't matter in the long run), I can see no reason to continue.

I hope every day to be in a tragic accident, a victim of some random crime, but to no avail yet.

I fear the longer I wait, the more contempt I grow for those around me and especially those faceless others on the periphery of my existence (cars in traffic, people in line, etc....). How long can I go before my hatred for myself spreads to others and I go from a focused, contained, frustration to a wanton rage and strike out at those around me?  At what point will i become the criminal i hope will erase me from existence? Is this where supervillains come from, or is this normal?

I don't own a gun and never will, but I can't imagine turning one on myself without using a few bullets on those I decide are also not doing any good.  This thought frightens me.

How do you keep going in the face of reality everyday?

Side note: no health insurance = no med/psych care.  Free options in LA don't work (never have time to get there early, long lines, and what's the point? Meds so I stop caring about the fact that life is some trivial, temporary, frustrating shit?  I'd rather just not live it.)

I'm not sure what I expect to hear, but I'm here for now to listen.  How do you care about anything?