Out of gas and looking forward to a life of soul-sucking drudgery. Options: suck it up or take the peaceful embrace of death.I'm running on emotional fumes at this point in life.  I have no social connections, no idea how to make new connections.  My family life is rocky; my wife and I keep fluctuating between love and hate.  We have a non-verbal son who is progressing slower than I did at his age... I'm convinced he won't make it on his own, which means I'm stuck caring for him for my entire life. I'm a straight white male, so society in general is free to take shots at my demographics.  (That's kept me silent on many topics for a good while.)  My job has been my only emotional oasis for some time, so any setbacks there rattle me something fierce.  And I've got a good 35+ years of setbacks to look forward to.  Yaaaaay.  :|

I've considered just ending myself several times before, but I finally got around to trying to go through with it yesterday (turns out I had a pocketknife I forgot about in my car) and smacked up against the full force of my survival instincts.  Not cool.  So I'm stuck alive and my problem remains.  I'm stuck in a deep depressive emotional hole, no light at the end of the tunnel, and no guts to taking the easy way out.  That leaves me with actually seeking help for anxiety and depression, which means I'd likely end up with a psychologist analyzing me.  I've had bad enough experiences with multiple psychs (think never having a career again bad) that I'm not going to see one unless I'm physically forced to.  I WILL kill myself to avoid mandated psych sessions if I'm able to -- that is a fate worse than death and I trust mental health institutions less than ISIL.  I'm only posting to Reddit because of anonymity -- if I blab "hey im thinkin of killin myself" to anyone face to face, that's the end of it.  Suicide watch happens, I lose the death option, and I'm still not guaranteed any improvement in my condition.  So I keep quiet.  And I'm keeping hold of that knife.  Sooooooo.  If I'm not to kill myself, I need to escape depression and anxiety with no professional help, and without mentioning suicidal tendencies to anyone who knows who I am.  Why do life's hills have to be so damn steep...?

(Yeah it's a ramble.  I dropped thoughts as they came to me.)