Don't want to die, but don't want to live eitherOne year ago, I was living an incredibly happy life. I was in a loving, long term relationship, I enjoyed my job, I had a strong circle of friends and family, and life was genally good. Then at the start of this year, things started changing.

There had been times in the past where I had said something about how I was feeling to my partner, and she told me that she didn't understand how I was feeling or that I shouldn't feel that way, but I was dealing with that. Earlier this year, I stopped talking about how I was feeling. I stopped saying things if I knew she would disagree. She wasn't cruel or intentionally hurtful in any way, she just didn't understand, so why bother talking about it?

Work became stressful. I worked on two projects back to back which ran me into the ground. I spoke to my boss about it and was told to "toughen up". I went to see a professional who said my depression was rooted in stress, and gave me some breatging techniques to help me sleep. Work kept spiralling, until I was made an offer from a different job. A job I thought I really wanted to do.

As I was getting closer to leaving my old job, things with my partner got worse. I started to feel that I was only staying with her because it had been 5 years, and that we both deserved someone who would completely love us. She deserved someone committed, and I deserved someone who would listen to my feelings, would understand and support me, would not tell me not to talk about things I was interested in because it was boring. So I talked to her about it, and I broke up with her. We were both heartbroken, and she was furious that I didn't try to fix the problems we had or talk to her about it at all, but I couldn't talk to her, that was the problem. Every day since then I have wondered if I made the right choice. Should I have tried to make it work? We always said we would solve our problems together, but I just walked away. Am I weak?

Another girl who I had met around the time I broke up with my partner told me that she had feelings for me. We had met while she was in my country, but she had since returned to the other side of the world. We spoke every day, almost all day where we could, and it got to the point where she told me that she would do anything to make "us" work, and I said I would do the same. We loved each other. Then, she stopped talking. For a month I asked her to tell me what was going on, with no response, until finally yesterday, she said that we were too young to commit to long distance (both 24), that we should look around our area before trying long distance, which honestly to me sounds like settling for someone close by. I wanted to be with HER, so being with someone just because they were close geographically seems wrong and is like giving up to me. She was cold, and blunt, and cruel, and I'm hurting so badly. But I still can't get the idea out of my head that we'll end up together somehow, and I hate that. I want to just let go.

My new job, while initially exactly what I wanted, has gone stale. The people are one-dimensional, the work itself slow and quickly becoming dull. I dread going in in the morning, and watch the clock all day.

Last week, I tried to kill myself. I chickened out at the last minute though, and spent an hour sitting there. I couldn't even cry. I haven't cried in weeks even though I always feel like I'm on the verge of tears. I want to try again tonight, or tomorrow, or whenever. Again and again until it's over and I don't have to feel anything anymore.

But I can't kill myself. What will my friends think? My family? My best friend has spent almost every night with me for the last month because she's worried about me. Her fiancé and their housemates, my closest friends, have all been supportive and caring towards me. My parents are doing everything they can to help me, but I still don't feel good.

I don't want to die, it will hurt them too much. But I don't want to live, because I don't want to feel anything anymore. I don't want to hurt or love or hate or anything anymore.

Tldr: I want to die, because I don't want to feel anything anymore, but I can't bring myself to do that to my friends and family.