It’s easier to have someone kill you insteadI feel so empty and alone (26/F). I hate my job and my love life has been non-existent. I’ve been having a hard time finding a job in the entertainment/cosmetics/fashion or sports retail industry (Nike/Addidas, etc). I work in tech and I hate it so much (company is actually great but I have no interest in the products or services) but I’m staying in because of the job security and there’s so much uncertainty with business these days due to the coronavirus.

I worked hard for my career - I’m self-taught in my profession and earned my employments from my own effort instead of handouts and being fed by a silver spoon. It’s the only true accomplishment I’m proud of. 

I still have feelings for this asshole that I dated on and off and I’m still crying over him. It’s embarrassing and pathetic and a clear sign of my lack of self-respect and confidence. I’ve been trying to date for years and nothing has really panned out romantically. It’s so hard to find people to connect with these days.. I’m tired of feeling depressed, anxious, and suicidal. It comes in waves. The suicidal national hotline is more helpful that the number of therapists I’ve met over the years. It’s hard to find people who care about you. It’s hard to find a mental health professional that will invest in you. 

I have always been this strong, independent, ambitious, and optimistic person but I’m now indifferent and apathetic on most things. I don’t care enough to do my best and live my best life anymore. That version of me died when my job burnt me out last holiday and my love life not panning out only made things worse. This past winter, I wanted to either drive my car off a cliff or collect a few bricks, tie them around my ankles, waist and wrists and jump into a lake or off a bridge and die by drowning.

When I was able to afford a monthly boxing membership in DC, I would always allow myself to get beaten to the pulp. I like the feeling of getting beaten. I like seeing the bruises on my body and drifting to unconsciousness. It reminds me of my childhood from when I was physically abused by my parents and kids from school. It’s nostalgic and a familiar feeling I like clinging on to. Can anyone relate to this? 

I want to find someone who is willing to shoot me. I have a rope in my room to hang myself as a last resort but I’d prefer someone to do it instead. Could I hire someone for this? Is legal assisted suicide a thing now? I think I read that somewhere. 

Random, but do any of you have a playlist for when you’re feeling depressed/suicidal? I feel like shit right now and I want to share some of my favorite songs from my sad playlist (in random order):

1. Call out my name - The Weekend
2. Creep (live) - Carrie Manolakos
3. All who remain - Beware of Darkness
4. Shadow of the day - Linkin Park
5. Waiting for the end - Linkin Park
6. Don’t go home without me - Lights 
7. Lay it all on me - Ed Sheehan 
8. Best part - H.E.R., Daniel Caesar
9. Love, Dad - Harry Hudson
10. 1-800-273-8255 - Logic

(For the love songs on here: I like listening to sad love songs or pretend like I have someone to care for or miss romantically because it makes me feel a little less lonely.. fake it til you make it?). The Ed Sheehan song on my list goes out to all of my true friends out there. I will carry all of your emotional burdens with ease. I love you guys and I will be there for you until I finally kill myself or have someone do it for me.)