26, kicked out of school, broke, mtf, no way to transitionThere are two people in my life I could not bear to hurt by committing suicide, but when I'm in darker moods my perspective gets a little warped.  I'm starting to worry I'm not going to get through this.

I quit school two or three years ago because I didn't have the motivation for it.  I'm transgendered and while I don't believe that I can solve all of my problems by transitioning, I don't think I can take control of my life until I get started on it.  I had a few frustrating experiences with doctors who wasted several months of my time, and a friend of mine mentioned that the local university does gender identity counseling, so I decided to go back and give it another try.  Didn't work, and I ended up getting kicked out of school -- when it became clear this was another dead end I just stopped going, so I got Fs in everything.

I'm working for minimum wage and even if I show up for as many hours as I'm allowed (I keep my own schedule) I don't make enough to pay rent, eat and see a therapist all at the same time; then even after I jump through enough hoops (our local endocrinologist requires 6 months of psychiatric evaluation before he'll consider patients for HRT) I basically have no way to afford everything I'll need to have done.  I feel like all I can do is sit here and watch my body grow increasingly alien to me.  Frankly, I'm really masculine and I wouldn't have had a very successful transition even if I'd started at a young age.  The more time passes, the worse things look.

I can feel my motivation dying.  It's getting harder to show up at work and I'm barely paying rent; next month I'll have to start dealing with student loans.  Some of my friends want to be supportive but I think they're losing their patience with how I'm constantly broke and how little progress I've been making.  I feel like I'm a burden and things would be less complicated for a whole lot of people if I were out of their lives.  I told my parents I'm trans and asked for their help, but they're not supportive; they like to pretend that conversation never happened.

I feel like I'm trapped.  I wanted to be self-sufficient, but when my reward for all of my hard work is barely scraping by in this nasty linebacker body it's hard to stay motivated.  I obviously need to be on antidepressants or something, but with no money and no insurance I have no idea what to do.  I don't know how much longer I can hold out.