My Best Friend's Dad Committed Suicide A Year Ago, He Seems Over It And I'm Still Caught Up.Back story, Last November 23rd my roommate at the time (and best friend)'s dad committed suicide. My friend and his dad had been at odd's for year's especially after he dropped out of engineering to pursue another degree. They never spoke often, except when his father was mad at him. I only spoke to his father once, and the conversation was cold and brief. Needless to say majority of the stress in my friends life came from his father. His mother is the sweetest woman I think I have ever met and we became very close, having phone calls together often and great times together when I went to visit. She is a retired french teacher, about 60 who teaches piano and goes on marathon length runs/bikes/and cross country skiing on the daily. She is a happy healthy amazing woman. His father was also retired, his job was to keep people breathing when they came into and from ambulances. (sorry I don't remember the actual title.) He saw lots of people die in his arms and grew very cold and recluse from this. He was always kind of a strong silent type and would spend weeks at a time by himself in the woods. Thats the backstory.

So he commited suicide on the 23rd, my birthday was the 24th and his mom finally was able to build up the strength to call him on the 25th. I was on my way into work when he received the call and I was the first person he called. I was devastated. I got home as soon as I could, and life became a blur from there. I went with him to his home (about 6 hours away) and was there when he saw his mother for the first time. I was there when she told the story about finding the note and calling the police. I helped my roommate clean up the excess supplies that his dad had out when he was fixing his way to go. My roommate stayed with his mother and never returned to our house together, which was necessary and responsible of him. I had just gone through a bad break up two month previous and loosing my best friend as well as dealing with all of the emotional weight put me in a dark place for a while.
Flash forward to a year later. I call him and I ask him if he can come down for my birthday weekend. I express my understanding if he can't come down. He asks "Why" I say well at least you will want to be home on the 23rd. "Why is that?" It's the year anniversary of your dad's death. "Oh, what ever my mom has a new bf she is seeing she will be fine."

I know that there are many different ways people cope with grief, and some people hide it or shrug it off to avoid it. I know my best friend inside and out, we don't hold back from each other. I legitimately feel as though he is over the situation. Myself? I think about it on almost a daily basis. I still dream about coming home to that house and everything that was involved with being there. My roommate is not an unintelligent guy, the opposite is true to be honest. He is very mathematical and logical, I tend to be more in tune with emotion. Maybe that is why, I am not sure.

I am sorry for the long post, I want to know if other people have had similar experiences before? Is this strange that this still bugs me so much? Should I maybe be talking to some one other than spewing my inner thoughts onto a Reddit post?