I feel like a fraudI don't even know what to say. I'm in college but I don't know what I want to do. I thought I did, but I don't think I'm smart enough for it and now I don't know. Everyone thinks I'm so smart for some reason, but I'm not.

 My ex broke up with me several months ago and everyone thinks I'm over it, but I'm not. I hate him, but I miss him. I don't miss HIM though, I think I miss my fantasy version of him. He never really seemed to care for me..  He broke up with me over text the day after he left for a week+ trip and refused to communicate in any way besides text. God I just wanted him to love me with all his heart. I wasn't worth that. I wasn't even worth a proper breakup. We had even been ring shopping together several times. His idea, not mine. He's horribly immature and I would never consider getting back together if I had the opportunity. But he sure did rip my heart out and leave me so confused. He crushed my self esteem and I now feel like I'm not deserving of the type of relationship I see around me. I see couples that WANT to be together. Being with me was a chore to him because he wanted to be a bachelor and have a girlfriend when it was convenient. I have trouble comprehending why boyfriends want to be with their girlfriends. It seems so foreign to me now. I don't know how to even find someone else anyway so I guess it doesn't matter. 

I feel like my friends just (barely) tolerate me. I feel like my family are the only ones that truly love me. But they're supposed to. Nobody chooses to love me. 

Oh and my pet just died so another living thing I love was ripped away. 

Everyone thinks I'm happy, and smart, and overall successful. But that's because they don't really know me. I seem that way because I hide it. I'm in so much pain and I don't know how to deal with it. I don't want to be alive. I don't think people are capable of loving me. I don't want to be lonely the rest of my life. I guess this is a desperate cry for help, even though it's pointless too. I'm so tired. 