Not sure where my life is going and sometimes I feel like the easiest thing to do would be to take myself away.Hi,


This isn't probably your normal SW post and I'll honestly try to not write an entire book here. But i've had a bit of a strange year this year.


on January the 2nd my girlfriend of 6 years left me, she said she didn't want to work on things and she packed her stuff and went to her parents house and never came back. I told her a few days earlier I had been on medication for depression and her response was "I can't worry about your problems. I need to focus on me". That's honestly what she said which took me by surprise a bit becuase i'm a good guy. I always took time to look after her, cooked her food, ran her baths, bought her flowers for no reason... I was a decent boyfriend and I've got no regrets about how I 'wasted my chance' with her or anything like that. I did everything I could for her even when I was bieng unknowingly crippled with depression I still gave her everything I had and if that wasn't enough then so be it. The problem was though that I was very comfortable in this situation and having the ground move on me like that really shook me up. I'm pushing 30 now and i've had to move back in with my parents which is a huge kick in the ego as she took a lot of the stuff in the house when she left. My parents are kind, decent people but it's the mental step back that i've had to take by moving back in with my parents.


I work as an IT guy in a dead end job. I work in an environment where there's not much money so the longer I stay here the more out of touch with the current technologies I become. The people here are nice and it's a decent company but like a said before i'm pushing 30 and the last place I need to be is working a graduate level job with no opportunity or prosepects and a really small pay cheque especially after losing my home and havign a mortgage advisor basically laugh at me for thinking I could take sole responsibility of the mortgage.


I have no enthusiasm for anything. I find myself CRAVING a relationship becuase since i've been 18 i've basically been out of one relationship and into another. I've always had somebody else to focus my thoughts on and now i'm on my own (i'm sort of seeing a girl but things are difficult with her right now) i'm having trouble truly occupying my time. Honestly. I wake up, get home, get into bed, sleep, eat, sleep, work, sleep... and the cycle goes on. I have no real hobbies and I have no desire or drive to try new things or to do anything. Even though i'm truly miserable and I know that the only way things will ever get better is to change something I honestly have no drive, urgency or determination to push that change. i'd honestly just rather crawl into bed and sleep because then I don't have to think about how boring my life is.


I thought that getting on medication would save me, i'm having therepy sessions too but that's not what I thought it would be and I honestly feel like i'm running out of options.


I've never considered suicide before. I have a loving family, a decent circle of friends, a girl in my life even though i'm not sure of her intentions, i'm healthy, I'm not bieng abused or raped or bullied or anything like that... honestly I feel like a bit of a dick for even thinking like this becuase most of the world would swap with me in a heartbeat but sometimes I just feel like there's honestly no way out of this endless drifting that I seem to be doing. The medication i'm on is the standard 20mg of Citalopram (I think it's marketed at Celexa in the States) and it seems to be having a lesser effect day by day; I can feel myself slipping again.


Hopefully there's somebody browsing this sub who has been in a similar situation and can offer some advice.


**PS: I'm not in any immediate danger so if there's another post on here that needs replying to first then obviously focus on them before you reply to this wall of text.**