I can't stop scaring people away.This year has been a strange one. I've made friends, and then I've lost those friends just as quick. I'm an undergrad college student and a few months ago, I made friends with a few foreign exchange students. I became friends with one student that was from Finland. We always went to the gym and worked out together. Well, fast forward a few months, and I ask her if she wanted to work out again. She told me that I made her feel uncomfortable, and she asked for space. I gave her space, because the last thing I want to do is make someone uncomfortable. A week later, I find out that she was absolutely terrified of me and had called my school's campus security on me. I told them that I don't have any ill will toward this girl, and want nothing to do with her. That was the last I heard of this girl. 

Fast forward a few weeks, and I meet this one girl on Tinder. She's in an open relationship with her boyfriend, and we start talking. She goes through a rough patch with family drama, and I do my best to be there for her. We meet up, have a lovely night, and keep talking. She comes by another time, we have more fun, and she leaves. I decide to go and visit her. She lives a state away. I stay with her in her house. I had envisioned an awesome weekend of exploring, car shows and crazy sex. But, it turned out that it was just not going to happen. Like an infantile asshole, I start acting passive aggressive towards her. I had driven a long as time to be with her, and I was upset that the weekend wasn't what I was envisioned. Being a passive aggressive asshole was something I didn't want to do. I wasn't trying to. But... It happened. I spend the weekend there, and I can tell she's pissed at me. I give her a hug, and leave to go back to my college. 

I arrive back at my school, and I get back into the swing of things. We start talking again, and she starts going through a rough patch in work. I tell her to be safe, and take care of herself. She tells me that she does take care of herself, and that I made her feel uncomfortable over the weekend, and she didn't know how to tell me until that point. I tell her that I'll give her space if she wants, and she says yes. 

Now... Ordinarily I wouldn't care about what one person thinks about me. But, this keeps happening. The experience with the Foreign Exchange girl and this girl aren't the only ones. 

I don't know how to not scare these people away. I hate myself for being weird. I hate myself for making people uncomfortable. Sometimes I think that the world would be significantly less uncomfortable if I weren't around at all.