Just a little help please.Hello strangers of the internet. 

I need help, advice or even a reason.

I’m a 33 year old guy and a failure.

I’ll start at the top and work my way down. 
I have 3 kids, 1 of them is a step son and 2 are from different relationships. My eldest, 8 years old, doesn’t live with me and I have him every weekend. Something that I should be so excited for, but my wife, she isn’t a fan. This makes it difficult and the levels of anxiety start shooting up as I am going to pick him up for the weekend. This is because their always seems to be an issue, whether it be his behaviour, his manners or something else. Now his manners aren’t bad, but he has a limited attention span, normally while the tv is on. It’s a rod that me and my ex partner made a long time ago and it hasn’t been fixed. The rest of his behaviour that is so bad according to her is that sometimes he doesn’t say please or thank you... He’s 8... it happens. Now this is all fine, but her child, her oldest is a few years older, early teens. But he speaks to us like shit... standard teenage stuff. But this is fine and if it is brought up, all hell breaks loose.
And then there’s my youngest. Toddler age. He’s amazing.
A few days ago, he fell and cut his eyebrow. All good, all fine now. He’s a trooper.
But I kept thinking that I was so glad my youngest wasn’t there... because if he was, somehow the blame would be put towards him... shitty I know. But the truth. I raised this with the wife, and it became an argument.
I now have 2 days to find a place to live as she wants me gone as she is sick of the arguments... the majority of our arguments revolve around how she speaks to my son. 
I have asked family for help, but they won’t (even though my younger brother is living there and there’s a room free) this would have only been for 2 weeks as I am starting my masters degree and student loans would have rolled in. 
I don’t really have friends as I have concentrated on my work, I am well respected and know my industry inside out, but all friends now are work colleagues that I manage to a certain extent.
So I have nowhere. 
I feel like a failure as a father, as a husband, as a son and generally as a person... I don’t know what to do and I can’t see myself wanting to go on... I have to drive over a pretty decent sized bridge most days and I have started to get anxious when I get to it... is today going to be the day? Or am I just going to drive over like everything is fine... 
I don’t do this, I never ask for advice, let alone from strangers... but I honestly don’t know where to turn next... if at all.