I need to get this off my chestLong story short to start with - my best friend in the whole world came to visit me and it opened my eyes to how psychologically abusive my husband is. 

&amp;#x200B;

long story time. I've been with him for 6 years now. Only married for 2, and this is only because we needed to be married for me to come with him when he got a job in another country for a short time. I was in a really bad situation before meeting him. Poor, living in a trailer with my animal hording mother and slowly letting my depression win. Due to depression and seeking a way out through games I did poor in school and even poorer in college. 

Met him when I was 21 and moved in the day after chistmas (I had turned 22 by then). At first things were... okay. not really though. But I couldn't see it back then. I was so desperate for love and attention that I let his over critical ways over my life slide. he was always telling me I did things wrong... all the house chores fell on me because he worked all day and had little time for games.. so I was to take on all chores so he could game. He did cook dinner as I couldn't cook anything he liked. 

about year 3 I started to have back issues. at this time I was seeing drs and getting medication for my depression. He was worried. By this time I had lost all passion in the things I used to love. Music, singing, drawing, writing. The only passion that stayed was gaming and he always wanted to game together even if I was in a bad mood and wanted to solo. Anyway it took a year to find out that all my pain most likely stemmed from me having Fibro Malyasia which my mother does have this so no surprise it passed on to me. 

For anyone wanted to know how we met. Me and my husband met on a dating site for people with Aspergers (now just on the autism spectrum) The site doesn't exist any more. 

Slowly and I do mean really slowly my husband started to realize how he used his words and how he spoke to me was causing me to be more and more depressed. causing me to be stressed, and kept my pain levels high. he started to change but I feel like it was already too late at this point. I had a few friends all of them his, and had trouble making my own since I cannot drive due to eyesight. 

At this time me and my long term best friend had lost contact. I'm going to skip forward to when me and this person regain contact again about a year ago. Once I was back in the states I decided to reach out to this person and we started chatting again. To explain this person is the reason I am still alive. The reason I have never hurt myself ever since I promised them to never pick up a razor again. This person was my first love. Met at 14 and they are 7 years older than me. This person opened up to me about being trans and I still loved them all the same. But situations kept coming up and we couldn't be together. This person knows me inside and out. 

Talking with this person more and more I realized just how much my husband was controlling me... I used to want to be a writer.. I would write for hours every single day about characters and stories and anything I could think of. that stopped because my husband didn't want to listen to my ideas, he wasn't interested in any of the stories I wrote and so he couldn't bring himself to bother to hear them.. that was a common theme in our relationship... He would support me in something but never as far as talking about it or letting me share things with him... he just didnt' care and couldn't force himself to... so all my passions for writing, for singing, for drawing.. slowly died and were replaced by hobbies he wanted me to have. Mini painting, board gaming, D&amp;D and pathfinder. now I do enjoy all of those but they were never my passions. 

being intimate was just mechanical... no passion no pleasure... just he got done and didn't care about what I got out of it. So... 

This person came to visit. they were going to move into the area to be closer to me and closer to their BF who lived in the same city as us. As we hung out and talked I realized more and more I had fallen out of love with my husband... I saw his abuse and saw what I could have. My friend and her BF invited me to live with them once they found a place. Short version they ended up breaking up but me and my friend still want to live with eachother.

It came out during the visit that my friend had kissed me, passionetly.. and me and my husband had one of our very first fights. He wanted to make things right and didn't see I didn't and I just wanted to leave... next thing I know he said we will try for a kid... For years he has been waffling on giving me the child I dream of having to be a mother would be a dream come true. During intimacy he would tease me asking if I wanted a kid making me think we would actually try for one then he would switch to a rubber and say no I changed my mind.. breaking my heart and ripping my mind apart each time.... He would also ask during intimacy that if we had a daughter if he would be allowed to... abuse her. I would say no he would put on a rubber... Fast forward to now.. after it came out I might leave he changed his mind and switched to "during your safe week we will try for a kid and if it happens it happens." Trying to keep me around by offering my dream... well he guilted me into it once.. and my friend was furious wanting to come beat some sense into the boy but they didnt'... then

my husband didnt' listen to when I told him no.. that I wasn't in the mood... yes he did 'that' to me. he raped me and didn't wrap it. 

My friend got denied for a house.. and is back in their home state with their family. they are going to save up and build their credit and try again to find a place in their home state. and then pay to have me move in with them.. but that is months away.. I thankfully am not pregnant.. but I am also stuck here for up to a year... My husband is trying to create a rift between me and my friend.. trying to drive me away from them and them from me. Trying every dirty trick to keep me here.. saying we will move once they get a house here not knowing I have already decided to leave...

&amp;#x200B;

if you have read this far thank you for listening.. any advice on how to leave without any fights or more abuse would be helpful... and no a women's shelter is out of the question.. I would lose all contact to my friend as I am sure he would take all my electronics, phone, tablet.. any access to the net. And just FYI I don't work... I used ot be on SSI but lost it when I got married. I try to stream on twitch and post to youtube. hoping to take any money I get and put it aside so I can leave sooner. I don't have enough consistant viewers to make full money off of it.. but I'm trying as best as I can through my depression. sorry I didn't mean that to sound like a plug or anything... I was just.. yeah just trying to say how I am pulling together funds. sorry..