New to this What am I supposed to post? Why I feel suicidal? If I'm supposed to make a throwaway, I'm not going to.

I've never had a friend in real life, and very little online. I've never been invited to a birthday party. I've never been invited to a sleepover, or to go paint-balling. I have stayed inside the house for most of my life.

Things seem to fall apart faster than I can build. This year I transferred to a new school thinking I would make friends. It seemed that way until I was once again labelled the nerd/loser and ignored about a week into the school year. I am alone again.

It's always been that way except for my best friend. I met her online and we dated for 18 months and were in love until this summer. We decided long distance hurt too much and we would try again when we can visit one another. 

Not the wisest decision ever. We both feel farther into depression and have stopped talking as much. She started cutting again, I've started to strangle myself with cords and sometimes cutting. We don't rely on one another or support one another as much. In her desperation she also got a boyfriend. He is stupid, ugly, and is clingy and desperate. He also stalks ME. He doesn't support her at all, as I've read in his online profiles, he's not very good at getting a girlfriend so he wants to keep her for the sake of having her. She doesn't really like him, he 
 even get any of her jokes. When she doesn't talk to me she reveals her affections for me and how important I am to her. It's hard to explain this part. Basically we both show eachother subtle signs that we still love one another. Please, I understand this situation more than anyone else so I'd appreciate it if no one told me to stop talking to my best friend or something similar. 

I am alone. I barely eat. For 2 years now I've gotten these awful headaches where I can barely see, my head pounds, I feel like I'm going to throw up, and I get paranoid and delusional. I don't really feel like eating because I'm hoping I'll drop dead without me having to slit my veins or something. 

Lately I feel like I can't breathe, like my chest is pressing against my lungs. My bestfriend has been busy with finals and her grandmother died so she hasn't spoken to me. She says she's also going through something and she'll tell me later. It makes me sad, because she would have told me before. 

On February 28th, what would have been our second anniversary, I will tell her I love her. I might also kill myself on that day, and never have to deal with this again. I try and try and try and try to make friends at school, and I do everything my parents do. I fake the smiles, I try to involve myself in their conversation, but the second I say something about Team Fortress 2 or something like Skyrim or a book I like, I am a geek and must be shunned. And my parents? My father hits me because he's not my biological father. My mother judges me on everything, almost as much as my father. She almost hit me with a hot frying pan because I told her to quiet down last week. They both judge me, they say I'm the next mall shooter. That I'm a sociopath and if I don't get friends quickly they're going to get real mad. 
Don't they realize I've been trying since kindergarten? And it still hasn't worked?

Nothing ever goes right. So there's a synopsis of why I want to hang myself

