Friend committed suicide. How do I get over it? I can't get over it. I had no idea he would do such a thing? Any help?So a really good friend of mine that I knew for 10 years committed suicide on the 26th of December of 2017. This has made me feel very insecure and almost depressed. He lived 40+ minutes away from me. But the thing is he told me that we will go to Arizona to check out a school there. And we were supposed to hang out on Thursday the 28th. But I have no idea what caused him to take his life. I got the call from his aunt at 11pm on that Tuesday as I was going to bed that he is in the hospital. And my mom came in my room later and told me that his mom told her that he hung himself. I did not talk to or see him that day. But earlier that day he uploaded a Snapchat video of him watching Lord of The Rings on a Macbook Pro. And the regret I already have is why did I not talk to him on that day? That's what is bothering me about my friends death the most. Is that I wish I asked him if he wants to hang out with me on that day. But I had no idea that he was gonna do this because there were no warning signs or I did not get any feelings that he was gonna do this. But he smoked weed alot and I heard later that he took XANAX(anti-anxiety pill) and mixed it with weed and painkillers. But I am not sure if that was the cause of his death. I asked my Parents and Friends about why do I have such a regret of not reaching out to my friend that day because I wish I reached out to him and ask "Hey wanna hang out?" or something? But they keep telling me to not have such regrets and there was no way that I was going to prevent my friends suicide. Why do I keep feeling guilty? I miss my friend. And I wish he was still here physically. But I heard he had depression and he never told me that he actually had depression. I miss my friend and I want him to be physically here again. What do I do? On the Monday(1 day earlier) that I saw him he was completely normal I did not notice anything strange in him his suicide just completely caught me by surprise. The 25th of December of 2017 is the last time I saw my friend. The thing I am trying to figure out is why he would do such a thing and not think about his friends? Cause I miss my friend so much. I wish I talked to him on the day he killed himself but then again I had no idea that he had depression or was planning suicide. But still I can only imagine if he would've been alive if I asked him on text if he wants to hang out. My friends suicide has been tormenting me and I keep asking myself why did he take his own life? I really wish I called him up but my other friend tried to call him but he did not respond to his phone call on the day he killed himself. I have been struggling to focus in class. I keep thinking about him day and night 24/7. The thing I miss the most is hanging out with him and skating. I wish I attempted to call him up that day and it's haunting me. I've been struggling to have a piece of mind because of this. Please help. Any useful advice?
