I can only love myself when someone else is loving meI feel like a burden. I feel like no one understands. My therapist believes in me so much - she says I am her favorite patient - I've been telling her that I'm suicidal for the past few months, but she just keeps telling me what a wonderful life I will have if I can get past it. She believes in me so much. I can't be what she wants me to be. 

The first time I went to the hospital for suicidal ideations, my current best friend felt that something was wrong, and she went and visited my place of work and my flat and called other friends to see if they had seen me. I took that to mean that she was my guardian angel - if she could just feel when I was in trouble - I'd never feel scared again, because I'd always have someone looking out for me. 

We've been inseparable for four years now, until the pandemic hit, and her girlfriend became her mask-exception and not me. We stopped seeing each other as frequently, and her texts to me became short, like talking to me was an afterthought. Now whenever I'm around her, she struggles to make eye contact with me, and is also very curt - we're not able to open up to one another in the same way. I feel like she hates me, even though I know it's probably just stress because a lot of things are going on in her life right now - I still take it personally, like she's taking out all her anger on me. I feel like a needy puppy - waiting by the window for her to come home, and crying when she's the least bit rude to me. She can't even bear to look at me. I feel like I must have done something wrong and have spent the past five months wracking my brain, having constant panic attacks thinking of all the ways I have let her down or annoyed her. 

I know it's so wrong to stake your healing on one person's love for you. I know that. I have a problem with co-dependency. I need her to need me as much as I need her. That's so selfish, unreasonable, and unhealthy of me. Being aware that I'm wrong in feeling this way does not lessen the pain I feel when I'm around her. My reason for living is gone. 

She has so many other friends who she is closer with and a wonderful girlfriend who is really nice from what I can tell. But she is all I have. I've dug my own grave.

I also had a crush on my professor for the longest time. We had such great chemistry when classes were in person, but when school went online I couldn't see him anymore. I used to miss him so much. I used to think about him all the time. Loving him, imagining seeing him and him seeing me - that was my light at the end of the tunnel - the possibility of happiness. Again, I know that love is not the solution to depression - in fact, it has so far been quite a big cause of it. My intense infatuations are nothing more than a band-aid to a abyss-sized problem that can only be solved by myself, I think. Self-love and mindful self-compassion and all that shit. I don't have it in me to do that. I always go back to self-destruction.

I can only love myself when someone else is loving me, and that's just not happening.

School is another beast. I used to be passionate about it but now I don't feel anything. It's past the date to drop classes and get a refund, and my dad will be sooo mad at me for wasting his money if I withdraw from my classes. But honestly, the thought of exerting energy for anything other than literally trying to stay alive is making me want to k\*ll m\*self even more. I'm so close to graduating, but I can't do it. I know I'm not going to make it for much longer.

I'm having an emergency meeting with my therapist tomorrow morning, but I'm scared I won't make it. I have a plan that I'm scared to carry out because what if I fail and have brain damage? Or am permanently damaged in another way? I will be so angry if I fail. But I'm so scared. Self-death is scary. I know. I know I know I know I know. Please someone give me a reason to live. I'll take anything. Just please not the usual stuff, I know I know I know.