helpthrowaway, i'm just desperate.

i'm 35/f and things are bad. i spent half of last year falling for a guy, things progressed and began to happen, but he just seems to be distancing himself now, guess he figured he's not in a place to have a gf after all which is fair enough, i don't want it to seem like he's a bad person because he's not. i realise the bigger problem is my insecurity and mental health and in my head, i'd started to depend on him to make me happy and to be there for me. and the truth is and perhaps always was that he's not. i pep talk to myself all the time, i know i can't change people, i know i can't make anyone like me, i know i need to move on. but it hurts. i was crazy about him. and he told me he was crazy about me too, he just couldn't do this. which is fine. honesty. awesome. but hurts to much. i don't meet people i like often and this felt like the one. i'm so sad.

i'm so lonely and feel so unloved. my friends have faded away because the more depressed i get, the more distant i am i feel like people assume i drift away and go quiet because i'm off having an amazing life and are probably even mad at me, how i am a bad friend but i just don't know what to do. i can't reach out because nobody cares. i just don't feel like anybody cares. i have tried a bit with a couple and actually got ignored so i'm guessing people just assume i was a bad friend and have moved on from me which is, again, fair enough.

i live with parents and have very little social life, can't talk to my family, mental health has never been anything they understand and i've pretty much lived a double life hiding my problems for over half of my life - including being signed off work over the years, being on antidepressants, attending so many therapists. i've become a very good liar. i've covered it up.

i drink too much, it's getting to the point where all i think about is when i get next drink. and when i do drink, i binge because i just want to hurt less and feel normal and better and happy. i hide it in my bag, in my room. my family don't even know that i drink, i guess i'm so good at this double life thing.

i've never been into drugs but a month ago i ended up getting something from someone and now i'm finding my brain obsessing over when i could get more, anything to make this stop. i want more. i want all of it. and i hate that i feel this way.

i don't want to eat, i cried all over the xmas holidays with awful bad thoughts, didn't want to get out of bed. nobody to talk to, nothing to do except just feel exhausted from the punishing cycle of my thoughts about how bad i feel, how depressed i am, how hopeless this all is, how lonely i am.

this sounds really stupid but today i was even doing stuff like expiring my apple music membership because what's the point of having a smart phone, i have nobody to talk to on it, i deleted my social media because i regressed so much into my depression and i got rid of loads of things i use on my phone because i might just get rid of it. it's a paperweight. it doesn't even matter.

i got made redundant at my job and my last day is next month. i don't know what i'm going to do.

i don't even know what i'm searching for by making this post. i just have nothing and nobody else at all. i feel so restless and lost.

i tried in december to hook myself up with some counselling but honestly, i've seen at least 8 therapists in my life and they're pointless, the waiting lists are too long (i live in london england) and you can only get two free appointments when they do come through. i can't afford to go private. i've used online chat helplines and those are good but i can't shake the feeling the people on the other end just copy and paste sentences and don't care about me either - and why would they, it must be soul destroying for them to come to work and here people complaining so much. don't blame them. but last time i went to my gp about my mental health last summer, i was basically told well there's not much else we can do besides give you some pills or put you in counselling. but that's a cycle i've done about 5 times now. i just can't do it again only for it to go bad like this once again.

i'm just feeling so upset and done right now. please somebody help me. i just some words from fellow humans so i know there's people out there really. i'm so sorry for all of this.