Recovery is so much harder than the depression itself.Hello. I've never made a Reddit post before and probably never will again after this, but I thought I had to share.

Before I start, please do not read this if you are currently in a bad place. Writing all of this was good for me, but it may be bad for you.

Today is a few months after the anniversary of my suicide attempt.

Some context: I am a high school girl from Los Angeles who has struggled with lack of self worth and thoughts of suicide since maybe 5th or 6th grade. My mother, father, and older sister have always been normal and loving people to me, albeit they show it in strange ways (We're an East Asian family, we love in the sense of "tough love" if that makes sense).

Anyways, the first time I seriously considered killing myself was in 7th grade. I honestly don't remember the exact details, but I think I got a bad grade on my report card that day. My mom came into my room and started crying and screaming, saying she didn't know what to do with me. Keep in mind that my sister was a straight A student throughout high school. Getting a B+ was foreign to my parents. It was so long ago, but what I specifically remember that day is my mom telling me that she would rather kill herself than have to live with me. I was 12.

And so, for the next three years, I continued spiraling into a chasm of depression and anxiety. I never told anybody, because when you're in middle school, having depression is considered a sin for some reason. I continued having fights with my parents constantly, but my depression was mostly contained and I did not seriously consider ending my life.

Then high school came along. My mother wanted me to attend a private school out of our district for the sake of better education. It was a Catholic all-girls school, and I knew nobody there. To make matters worse, I have known that I am bisexual since I can remember (my parents do not know). To make matters even *more* worse, my grandma was hospitalized during this time and my best friend/neighbor's house burnt down. Yeah. Life was a wreck. It was about to get a whole lot worse though.

Back in middle school, I didn't particularly enjoy going to class, but I liked seeing my friends and learning about new things. This was different. The girls at this private school were exclusive, demeaning, and all around just not good people. Every day I felt like my spirit was getting crushed when I entered that campus. I know I sound dramatic, but when you go to a place you hate with your entire being for 8 hours a day, it takes a toll on your mental health. I started relapsing into my self-harming ways. At first, it was just thoughts, insomnia, sleeping at 3 am every night because I did not want to wake up the next morning. A few months into school, something happened with the other girls that I feel uncomfortable talking about (even to strangers on the Internet). The result of those events was me seriously considering ending my life.

At this point, I decided to tell my parents. I began with my mom. Being the traditional-minded Asian she is, she immediately told me to suck it up and stop having "white people problems". Because yeah, my problems seem minor compared to the scale of the world. I am from a upper middle class family who lives in a suburban neighborhood. I have privileges to things that many people work hard for their whole lives and still don't get. My life is good.

But, at the time, I was so blinded by my depression that I failed to see any of these things. I had a one track mindset, and I was set on killing myself. The fact that my parents did not take me seriously made me even more sure that my life was worthless. Depressed, crying every day after school, and not getting anything accomplished, it was only my sister's intervention that made me not end it all. She convinced me to go see a therapist, and talked to me about my long-repressed issues with my parents. It didn't fix things, but it was a start.

One day, my mom called me downstairs. She sat me down and immediately started sobbing. She was telling me how much she loved me, and how sorry she was that she didn't see how upset I was before. She told me I could go back to my old school next year, where all my old friends were. I touched my wet cheek and realized that I was crying now too. My parents and I had never been close, so seeing her like this completely shell shocked me. She asked me to promise her to never kill myself. I did.

From then on, she drove me to school every day. "Be strong, only few more months until summer," she would tell me before I left the car. It was a grueling school year, but I made it through alive and I am now back at my old school where I have plenty of friends and I am much better thanks to therapy. I still get depressed very often, and I think about suicide all the time.

But this morning, my dad and I got into a fight. It was a very small one, and I got over it pretty quickly. I didn't think much of it, until he walked into my room a couple hours later and started crying and apologizing to me. He told me that he loved me very much, and that he never wanted to see me upset. I was completely torn. I have never seen my dad cry before. Back when I went to that horrible school, I didn't interact with him most of the time and just kept him in the dark regarding my mental health. I never saw him express emotion toward me. But now, his eyes were red and he had tear streaks going down his face. I couldn't understand why he was so upset over something so small. It was such an insignificant fight, and we had had tons of those in the past over every little thing.

But then it hit me—he knew. He knew about my suicide attempt, he knew about everything that happened last year. He wasn't there most of the time, but he knew and he thought it was his fault for letting it get that bad. Both of my parents thought it was their fault. That whole time, I was so obsessed with how horrible I felt that I didn't acknowledge the pain my parents must have felt. I can only imagine how my parents must have felt, raising and loving a child only to have them tell you that they want to die. It must be the worst feeling in the world, knowing that you were so close to losing your child. I was so caught up in my own emotions at the time, I was so deep into my own depression that I didn't realize how much they loved me. How much pain I would cause them if I actually succeeded in killing myself.

So that is why my parents never argue with me anymore. We never get into fights. They're scared that I will spiral again, and that it might lead to permanent decisions this time. It's weird because I should be happy that we don't fight anymore, but I find myself missing the times where they would get mad at me over trivial things and then we would all forget within an hour. Now, whenever I seem upset, they immediately start being overly kind and sympathetic. I think the reason why that hurts me so much is because I know that I am the reason why they have become this way. I was so selfish in trying to kill myself. How could I not realize how much it would hurt those around me? It's already hurt my parents so much. I feel like I've broke them. I don't know how to continue on from here. Now that my mind is clearer, I am realizing all the damage I have done that I previously could not see. I feel so guilty for even thinking about killing myself, knowing that my pain would only be transferred to my family.

I thought going through the depression was the hardest part. Turns out, recovering from it is infinitely harder.

If you read this all the way to the end...I guess I only have one more thing to say. There's always somebody out there who loves and cares for you deeply. There are so many wonderful things in life to celebrate, and there are people who want to celebrate it with you. Depression is a bitch that gets in the way of that. You can fight it.