I've been there.I've never posted, but I've been through some big changes in my life, and I feel compelled to say something.

A few months ago, I was a happy man. I was doing a course at university that I loved, with a beautiful girlfriend that I loved even more. A good job, a good home. For the most part I was happy. I mean, there were rough spots, but more on that later.

Things started to get out of hand when out of the blue, my girlfriend decides to leave me without any reason that I'm aware of. When you've built your life around someone, and they leave, you've got no ground left to stand on. She decided that wasn't enough, and decided to take as many friends of mine with her as she could. There were lies and false accusations all round. I can honestly say it was the worst time of my life. I was so distracted I started failing uni, and got very close to losing my job. It occurred to me then that pretty much every aspect of my life was trashed, then and there.

I took what is usually considered the coward's way out. I've got to tell you, it takes alot of guts to make the decision to kill yourself. It's not cowardly. Overdose isn't a pretty thing, trust me. 

Thats when something happened, beyond my control, and as you've probably guessed, for whatever reason, I survived. I'll be the first to tell you that once you've crossed the point of no return, all you want is to live. You never want to do it in the end. The catch is that by that point, for most people, it's too late by then.

It felt like I was in limbo. I was moping around, just waiting around for something to happen. I fell into a depression, worse than before. I tried again to overdose, and again, I was unsuccessful.

I've never been overly spiritual, but it occurred to me that maybe, just maybe, there was some other reason for me to be alive.

I made the decision to change. I started seeing a shrink. It works out I'm bipolar, which explains alot of things. I was messed up beyond belief. But I digress. I've been given a second chance at this, so I might as well make use of it as best I can. I've learned something here, and I need to share that with anyone who feels the same way. It's never worth it in the end. You always want to live in the long run. If you feel like you're close to the edge, just know that it's not the answer. I had the fortune of living through it. I know what its like, and I imagine theres alot of people out there who won't have the same luck I did. Just don't do it.

Thanks for taking the time to read.