Living.. and just going by.. i wonder for how long..I am 21, I am trying for admission to college and I am having some issues. 

When I was 15 years old, I decides to kill myself at 20. When I turned 20, I could not go for it even if its in my mind all the time, because I do not want my family to suffer. 

Where I come from, if someone commits suicide, its not just the loss the family has to deal with, but relatives and all the nearby people talking shit, gossipping and ruining the families life. My life is meaningless and worthless, and I would not want to cause such chaos for my family. 

I have a bad voice, I got checked up and they told me to do some voice therapy, I do but my voice never improves. So for me, even talking is a hard thing and so many times I wished I was a mute. I have so many negatives, and my first ever relationship that was online, (i am over it), made me realize that I am not someone that will ever be happy, and that I am better off alone than having the potential to be a burden to someone. I know people wont be physically attracted to me, I am fat, I walk and have lost some weight, but I dont go to the gym. But these are all physical problems which I can sometime fix in my life. But I do feel like nothing will change even if I do get satisfied with my body and look good. 

Right now I just go by like a robot, just a small aim to be able to live alone without worrying parents. I have no life goal. I feel disgusted by human behavior, how theres rarely any meaningful communication. True love does not exist, its just people using each other and about what is convenient for them. People try bfs/gfs as if its a pair of clothes, that can easily be given up if theres any issue. I really believed in my first relationship that we will always be together and so, I dont feel that anymore, but I realize how I dont want to be tried on by anyone, and I know that I have enough negatives about me, that anyone would easily try me on and get bored and move on. I dont really care for relationships or seek love as much, I want to live alone so as to not bother or burden anyone. But when you have no real life goal, no real interest, to the point where things you enjoyed in past you cant enjoy anymore, where you just want to sleep forever, in that worst state, its like your first thought is how nice it would be to be loved by someone, to have someone for whom you can try your best and all. Illusions and all. 

When you have no life goal, and you feel good helping others, all you can do is help others in their goal. Basically I am the side character in anime or movies or so, that gets forgotten easily, only around to be laughed at or made fun of, or to help someone cheer up and make them smile and be there for them when they need you, but easily disappearing. 

With no life goal, no interests, all you can think of to go by is to make ok money to be able to live alone. I dont even have a desire to be rich or so. Money doesnt really mean as much to me as a source of stability, where I can be sad and broke  at home and not on the streets. Besides money, and relationships, I dont think there is anything else in life. And since I know both are connected, and I have bad chances at both of them, its just really shitty. I am weird, I pray sometimes and hope for my dad and mom and family to live as long as possible and be happy, and at the same time, I wait for my family to die, so I can finally die after they do. But I also want them to be happy and to live long. So I am a robot, suffering every single day, I dont even know what day of the week it is, or what the date is today. When I think back to what I did in my past 4-5 years, I just remember me gaming, a relationship, a close friend that was a girl, and few others. Its like time has stopped for me and I dont really have anything in life. I could be killed, kidnapped, become homeless or any of the bad things, and none of it will really surprise me or get a reaction out of me. I am used to everything going bad for me, me messing up at anything I try at, being a failure in school as well taking 3 years to pass. When things actually go good for a while, I dont feel comfortable and instead uneasyness, because small.moments of happiness are so rare to me, since I am always stressed out and worried about something, and ofcourse, not even an hour of me ever feeling good and things go bad, and then I remember and feel comfortable in my sadness, because happiness is strange. 

I just know happiness and relationships and love besides family isnt for me, and I am satisfied in that and I accept the reality. 

I am like that poor kid that sees some toys someone has, and really wants to play that or have it for myself, but know that we are poor and cant afford it, so I just see it and look away and not desire it anymore. Thats how I see happy people, or any thing I could ever desire. I look away and go on with my life. Living.. and just going by.