Got a text message telling me to kill myself, was already suicidal, and now I feel extremely horribleA year ago, I met a 30 year old woman on a depression forum. I was 18 (I'm also female.) She really wanted to be friends. I distanced myself from her, but would talk to her to be nice. She would message me almost constantly, and demand to hang out. I always refused because she gave me bad vibe but I stupidly thought I could slowly let it fizzle out. Eventually, she blew up at me, cursing at me, for not being a good friend, when I didn't want to be friends with her in the first place. I know her full name, where she lives, that she's addicted to hard drugs, that she doesn't have any friends or family, and that she really doesn't have anything to lose. I remember her talking about how she hated men and describing a violent fantasy of kicking a man (who flirted with her at a bar) in the head and gouging his eyes out. During our final conversation, she was extremely explosive at me, even though I was begging her to please just leave me alone.

I blocked her and didn't hear from her for a few months. However, I just got a message, 2 days ago, from a random google voice number with my first name (she knew my first name and what I looked like and that we live in the same state) saying that I should kill myself. I just feel terrible. I've called the number a bunch of times, no one picks up. I sent a bunch of texts, making it very obvious I was sad and upset and asking them to please tell me who they are (and probably making them happy,) and got no reply. I ended up texting the non-emergency line 311 and they told me to call 911 because what they did is apparently illegal (but they didn't explain how.) I went to the precinct myself (this is how fucking sensitive I am) and told them. The police officer told me that unless I wanted to press charges, there wasn't much he could do. The thing is, I don't even know if it's her for sure, but I can't think of anyone else it could be. I can't stress enough what a lack of a social life I have. I have one friend, and she would never do anything like this and we talk every day, and she told me to press charges too. I'm not enemies with anyone. I was homeschooled through high school due to a disability. I can't think of ANYONE who would hate my guts like this. She's literally the ONLY person I've had a "disagreement" with who knows my name and number, or anyone in general. She's the only one.

Another factor is that the number is registered to Chicago. It's a google voice #. I live in NY, and so does she. I don't know if you can change your location with google voice.

I'm just feeling really really upset. I'm already really emotionally fragile. I attempted suicide twice in the last 3 years, once 4 months ago. This makes me feel beyond horrible. I just hate that this is affecting me so much. If it was some random person telling me to kill myself, I wouldn't care at all, but the fact that whoever it is knows my number and name, makes me think they must know me in real life, and they're "out to get me." I think I'm scared that she will escalate. I have these paranoid thoughts that she'll try to get back at me in some other day. I was bullied in middle school and this is opening up a wound and I'm so nauseous I can't even eat and I hate that this is probably going to affect me for a whole year. I'm just feeling so horrible and I really need some reassurance, please.