I see no other way outSorry for the long post but I’m scared with how I am feeling! 

I’ve tried believe me I have tried. To start with I was bullied very badly at school and ended up leaving with no qualifications hardly as I hated school but I’m not a stupid guy. I went to college (age 16 UK) and completely transformed myself. I made loads of friends, oddly most of them went to my past school lol. I went out with them all the time drinking and it’s still the best time of my life, I was so popular. Then my grandma died and I don’t think I’ve ever recovered. Bless her but it was the worst possible time it could of happened. All these friends were not there for me and I slumped even deeper. 

I came out of it again when I was 18 when I got a girlfriend but she cheated on me in 2 weeks. I was still ok and began to get friends again but nothing really ever took off. I’m still a virgin now and I’m 26, not really bad looking and I’m in good shape as well. Between the ages of 20-24 I literally did nothing. I had 2 operations in that time and just worked, I’ve been getting worse and worse though since I was 18 and I’m just going to get even worse. 

I quit my job 5 months ago for a lot of reasons. I dated my childhood friend within that time. She said she liked me but wasn’t in the right frame of mind and she was at university a lot so she said she didn’t want a relationship. I got drunk for 4 days straight and it ended in a breakdown with my parents consoling me. My dad said I could beat it and that’s what I’ve been trying so hard to do. I’ve got fit and healthy, went to the doctors and applied for over 200 jobs and I’ve finally got one. 

I just don’t feel ready at all, today was my first day and it was awful. I couldn’t motivate myself and I was really tired. The job is awful just taking rolls of fabric off a conveyor belt. My boss kept asking me if I was ok and it was doing my head in. I can’t stand the job but I can’t quit again. I told my parents I hated it but I’m going to stay. I can’t get any other job this is the best I can get. I try so hard with everything yet my life is awful. I don’t see the point anymore. Why carry on if I hate life so much, it’s just not for me. My first day drove me insane nearly and I’m staying. I won’t kill my self because a lot of people will miss me and I would never want to upset them like that. But I’m living a nightmare. I am depressed, stressed, anxious and a nervous wreck around everybody. I haven’t been able to concentrate on anything for 2 years. I made mistakes today and I didn’t give a crap I just let them happen, I wouldn’t care if they sacked me I am not fit for work. I just wanted to disappear today. I don’t care at all anymore. It’s only going to get worse.