If not for my mom and brothers I'd have been gone long agoI am a 29 year old male. I come from an exceptionally intelligent, kind, and loving family. I am lucky.

My mom has suffered from debilitating neurological disorders for two decades. Three years ago, my dad was hit by a train. It was devastating.

My whole life I've been told what an exceptionally smart and talented person I am. What a load of bullshit. I am a college dropout (despite the fact that I had scholarships and several opportunities) because I'm a lazy piece of shit who couldn't be bothered to work hard enough despite the immense support I received from all angles. Regardless, I've still managed to work my way into a job just decent enough for me to live alone, put food in my body, and put gas in my car so that I can get back to work.

I have been single for 5 years despite a handful of dates. Some were amicable but didn't work out, others were utter disasters. I am an extrovert but have been isolated for 6 months now. I'm losing my grip.

I have two younger brothers The youngest is an extraordinary artist with a degree in fine art. The middle is finishing his degree in environmental science.

90% of my thoughts are consumed by the desperate desire to end it all, to remove myself from the endless cycle of despair and loneliness. Sometimes I literally can't even think of anything else. The other 10% is guilt. Guilt for squandering all the opportunities I've had. Guilt for not being able to be there for my mom. Guilt for being a fundamentally broken person. More than any of that though, guilt over the fact that I don't want anything more than to peacefully remove myself from this bullshit existence and cut the rest of my family free. 

Unfortunately I can't block the tiny remains of rationally left in my brain. I know that killing myself would destroy my mom and brothers despite the fact that they would be objectively better off with me out of the picture. The world in general would become a slightly better place without my stupid ass ruining everything.

I have all the tools I need. If my family could ever recover, it is an objective fact that they'd be better off. The uncertainty of whether or not they could recover is quite literally the only thing keeping me alive. I have suffered from massive depression and anxiety most of my life but it's never been so acute as in the past two years.

Could my mom and brothers ever recover? Could they ever understand that a life with no happiness, passion. Or pleasure isn't one I'm interested in living for one more second? 

Would a formal suicide note help or just make things worse?