Autism and NarcissismI don't know why I'm posting this here. I think I just need to get this off my chest. I was raised in a household run by my mother who has full blown malignant narcissistic personality disorder. She got pregnant with me as part of a trap to force my father into marrying her. Then, she started slowly destroying his life by ruining his career in the Coast Guard. She told him she was allegedly raped by 5 guys in an elevator (though she didn't want to report it because it was bullshit and never happened) and it mentally broke him so badly that he ended getting discharged thanks to her. He's no angel, though, and while I grew up he was abusive towards me and would physically assault me as much as she would every time I refused to back down from what something I perceived to be wrong. Even sucker punching me isn't out of bounds for him, so don't bother feeling sorry for that son of a bitch.

Anyway, after my mother divorced my father she moved on to destroying my life. She controlled every aspect of my life from who I was allowed to be friends with down to how my goddamn hair was to be styled, as if I were a goddamn doll or something. When I became a teenager, she started beating me with any object she could get her hands on and if I tried to defend myself she threatened to call the police and have me arrested for assault. One time when i was 15 she stripped me naked, tossed me into a cold shower, and mockingly laughed at me. She sabotaged my education by taking me off my ADD medication, which had been helping me concentrate in school and if reflected in my grades. After failing the 8th grade she pulled me out of school and immediately put me to work.

I've had multiple jobs. None of which I was ever able to receive a promotion because I refused to kiss the asses of my superiors and, in one case, had the audacity to file a formal complaint over a boss who felt like she could abuse her power with impunity. As it turns out, the HR woman was her neighbor and they decided firing me was the easiest way to resolve the problem.

Because I was never able to get ahead I could never get away from my mother and had to stay living with her while she drained my paychecks to get her nails done and to take her out whenever she got bored and to buy her expensive gifts for birthdays, mothers day, christmases, etc.
She finally discarded me for good after I met a girl who changed my life so drastically that I started standing up to my mother and began refusing her demands. Then, she tricked me into visiting my brother 200 miles away and once I got there she called to tell me not to come back home. That girl I fell for is now with someone else and had a kid with him.

A couple of years later, I was working multiple jobs that I hated in fields I knew nothing about and one day, I started blacking out, falling unconscious and ended up being hospitalized. After that I decided I wanted to get myself evaluated to find out if something was genuinely wrong with me. As it turns out, I have been autistic my entire life and had no idea. I'm 34 now, unemployed, waiting for 5 years now to receive SSI, and am completely alienated from all of my family and friends. I got lucky and was taken in by a friend of my boss who died of a heart attack right in front of me. So now, I'm stuck in a sort of limbo waiting for something to happen, but every day is just a reminder of how much of an utter failure I am.

I want to die. I've tried twice already and both times my life was saved by my roommate. There's no future for someone like me. I'm too "normal" looking for regular people to accept as autistic and too autistic to do the normal things regular people do. My head is full of chaotic thoughts tearing me in every direction as I try to appease everybody's demands of me, but I can't take it anymore. All I want is for this life I never asked for and would never want to be over. The people I know repeatedly tell me that they don't want to know about the struggles I go through because it depresses them too much. Well, how the fuck do they think I feel about it?! Between the mental and emotional damage from my narcissistic mother and the difficulties I have to put up with due to the autism it's just too much for one person to deal with. I want out. If this is what being alive is supposed to be like I'd rather be dead. I'd rather die 1000 deaths than live one more day in my situation. I'm worthless, pointless, without purpose, without hope, without ever knowing what unconditional love feels like, and with no one and nowhere to turn to. I found out that a doctor in some other country created some kind of suicide pod that you lie down in and it fills with some sort of gas that puts you to sleep before it kills you, but due to it being in another country and me in America, I can't see him and on top of it, expressing how much I want to die will only land me in a hospital where they'll just drug me up against my will until I'm pacified. I've been through that twice now. If I end up back there I swear to god I'll kill the first person who dares to approach me with a syringe.

I just want this hellish nightmare to be over. And nobody will just let me go. I don't want to be here anymore. Just let me die. It's not like I'm hurting anyone else by killing myself. Why won't anyone just let me die in peace? I deserve that much after everything I've been forced to live through. Does anyone know of a painless easy way to kill yourself? My research online keeps directing me to suicide hotlines and similar bullshit help centers.