I have successfuly kept myself out of sadness and despair for two years now, but one week every few months, i snap into this...mood..where I dont feel like living anymore, could you help me?It comes randomly, its usually triggered by sad things, a sad show, a bad accident, failing a test, and I'll go from thinking "wow anthony, look at how good life has gotten with guitar and school and that girl you like" to "I'm fucking worthless, nothing I have is deserved, I should just die. Im a piece of shit, that girl talks to me as a friend but doesnt like me, no one likes me, its been half a year and im still fat" things like that. then after some days it goes away. 

Sometimes, I wont even be sad or 'depressed' as people call it, but want to commit suicide anyway, because its easy. I think, why work hard and go to school, or bother talking to my friends and family when i can just die? its not in the same way as usual, its a very happy feeling, more empty and happy, a weird neutral feel towards suicide, the way you would think of turning left rather than right when walkin around, its just something i think of doing.

prior to that, I always considered suicide, and luckily I was stupid and couldnt killmyself if i tried ( i was too fat to hang myself with measuring tape etc([i tried lol]) My school life sucked, i was beat the hell out of and ridiculed in middle school, people would cut me with knives and thumbtacks because it was "funny". my mom was and still is unstable and will snap from "i love you anthony" to "fuck you you fat faggot piece of shit" and pull a knife on me. my father will side with her if i pusher her away and grab the knife and throw it far from me saying "NEVER YELL AT OR TOUCH YOUR MOTHER" my dad doesnt hit me, he just lets my mom, who i can overpower. its out of respect and slightly planted fear from my younger years that i dont beat the living shit out of them but i can now if i want.

anyway, my mom just told me i am a failure of a son (stupid asian mothers do this alot i guess) and pulled a knife on me because i spilled a glass of water. I grabbed the knife from her and threw it (like always) and my dad yelled at me (like always) and now after 3 weeks of sadness free days i want to end my life, but its not in a sad way, its neutral, i feel like itd be easy. and now my parents bought a toaster with a long wire i can electrocute myself with right now in my rooms bathroom. i have it in here and am sitting next to it. 

TL;DR please read this, I am considering killing myself right now but am not uncalm nor sad. 