I don’t know how to say any of thisHey, I’m new to Reddit just for this. Thought about how often I find good advice on here. Not asking for advice, but I think it may help to just blab.

I’m 19F, and struggled a lot as a younger teen. Like. A lot. I was in and out of foster care because I was always suicidal and my family didn’t want to deal with it since around age 13. When I turned 18, I suddenly just mellowed out really hard out of nowhere. I’m not sure if it’s numbing or not, but the change was drastic. As a younger teen, I was crying every day and arguing with anyone who I felt was being unfair to me. Now, I cry to myself in my car every day on the way to work really softly for some reason and if someone is being unfair to me I let them walk all over me and cry about it when I’m alone later. I never feel the urge to talk to people or make connections like I used to. It’s rare that my sobbing sessions are intense anymore, but it hurts the same. I feel like when I was younger I could make friends a lot easier, even with me moving from school to school so much. Now I feel like I can’t make any connections, and everything I say is obnoxious. I’m working full time as a vet assistant and I feel like I’m horrible at everything I do, and I feel like everyone I meet learns to hate me very quickly. I don’t know what happened to me, but I almost miss being explosive even if it was painful and put me in bad situations. 

I have no one to talk to. My grandfather died very recently from covid, and my grandmother pretends I don’t exist. My dad has always been really aggressive and I can’t ever find the energy to talk to him because I know everything he says will be passive aggressive and make me feel worse. I sense that my entire family holds a grudge against me from when I was a teenager and struggling so much which “made them look bad”. I don’t feel like my family even loves me anymore. 

I feel myself slipping away I think. I don’t feel like myself anymore. I’m very alone, and looking back on my suicidal feelings as a younger teen almost feels like a joke now. I’m barely registering anything that should bother me individually. It’s like one big clusterfuck of “bad”. I keep thinking about what would happen if I offed myself, and all I can think of is my family mourning me for a few weeks and no one remembering me after that. If I die, I’m sure no one would really care. I feel unbelievably hopeless, and it’s getting to the point where I almost can’t imagine having anything worthwhile to live for in the future. I feel like I’m doomed to feel this way for the rest of my life. I wish I could be myself again. 

Enough of my weird rant. Thank you to whoever managed to reach the end of it, I hope you guys find your peace too.