Why do you think I should continue living?Hello

I was born on an authoritarian country in the middle east 20 years ago (and you know how awful those countries are). In that time, and still now, medicine was so bad that when I was born, they forgot to check on me with a pediatrician, I was breathing hard and didn't cry with no one noticing (yeah they are this garbage). In the end I got disabled, everything is normal for me except that I am very weak, I can barley lift a 2 litter bottle of water, and sit on an electric wheelchair. I live with an abusive family, who used to beat me up because of my condition. If it's not obvious I have no friends, I was bullied when I was a child, and had many fake friends who just talks to me when they are bored. I am smart and have top grades, and wished that I would go abroad to study in top college; but got stuck here in some unknown garbage due to my condition. I had two girlfriends, one was from my college, and the other was a long distance relationship. As you can guess, at first both of them didn't know about my condition, until I told them BEFORE we had a relationship. I used to go out with the first one, and we kissed each other many times (of course we couldn't have sex because it's illegal here). It was the first time in my life that I experienced care and warmth from someone else. I was so happy, until I found out she was engaged, and was going to marry soon. I got crushed again, crying like a bitch, thinking "What did I think? I am nothing, no one will like me, I should know my place, in the trash". 6 months passed, and I got into a relationship with someone from another country. She was everything to me, we had lots of sex cams, I even got to know her mother, and was planning to engage this year. But you know what? she was a bitch, I have to talk to her EVERY SECOND or she gets mad, I have to agree with her on everything, she was so unstable and a cheater. We broke up in the end and here I am all alone again. I have no friends, no girlfriend, no loving family, nothing; I am an atheist by the way, so I don't believe in heaven or hell. I wake up everyday doing nothing, I am smarter than most of the students here, I hardly study, but gets top grades. When I try to engage with people, they try to turn me down. I don't know why I should continue, In the end I will die so why not die now instead of this suffering?? I feel broken and I don't think anything will be fixed.