Consideration and thoughtHey Reddit, I don't know how to really start this for my first post but hopefully you will bear with me and I hopefully at some point I'll be able to share my thoughts and feelings and people can empathize with me. I'm pretty much going to be throwing out my thoughts and I may sound strange at times so please forgive me if that happens.

I am suicidal. It's not a continuous thing where I think about it non-stop but I do get the thoughts often. Some might look at me and think that I'd have a pretty decent life and that there's nothing wrong with it. I have friends who love me, a family that cares about me (sometimes) and I guess I couldn't really pinpoint why I am suicidal. I have been to the doctor for help after 4 years of self-diagnosis with depression. I was not in the state of being "too proud" to ask for help but I was worried about being criticized by my family members.

 I'd often think about suicide and ways I could do it. 
 
 My main thought processes are:
 
* Hanging myself - I can't tie knots so this isn't really viable for me

* Drowning - I have a morbid fear of water
*  Jumping from a great height - I also have a fear of heights

I have never talked to anyone about this before apart from my doctor. It took me a **LOT** of courage to visit the doctor. Like I said earlier, it took me about 4 years to actually ask for help.

I think the main problem for me (if you can call it a problem) is that I'd want to commit suicide but I can't find it in me to take my own life. People might think it's a good thing that I'm still here but for me, it is an never ending battle with myself.

Whenever I have these thoughts, I also think of how people would react to me successfully committing suicide. I can imagine that they would feel bad, obviously. I think it's another reason why I can't do it. I can give a lot to my friends and I am a rather selfless person. I love my friends more than I love myself and I would do anything to make the ones I love, happy. I'd walk on hot coals or broken glass or I'd run into moving traffic just so my friend would smile.

They definitely wouldn't smile if I ran into traffic and died but this is my problem, I suppose. I don't want to be here but there are a few things in the way. The doctor put me on a 6 month waiting lost for a counselor and I've been prescribed anti-depressants. My mother doesn't want me to take them because she believes that I will become dependant on them and she thinks I will turn out "like a zombie".

I also asked one of my uncles and he described depression as a difficult thing. He said it's all about training your mind to be positive. For me, that is very difficult and I didn't even think of bringing suicide up to him. In honesty, I don't think it's fair to tell anyone that I'm suicidal. I'm only here writing this in the hope that I will find some relief. Maybe I will. I think the one true relief for me is suicide.

When I went for help, my family members reacted negatively. There was no praise in finding help which is understandable seeing as most of the time, family members do not understand depression and suicide etc. Friends might but in my eyes, family doesn't.

My brother said I was lying to the doctor about how I feel (which isn't true). If I was crying and sighing non-stop and I breathed deeply, left the house and went to the doctor for what I thought was an emergency. I needed the help. While I wouldn't say I truly recieved help, it was a weight that was lifted to find that my illness was recognised. I was diagnosed with major depression, anxiety and seasonal affective disorder at the start of this month.

I guess I really don't have a point to this because I'm not really asking for help directly but it is a little better for me knowing I can speak to a wider audience about how I feel. Suicidal thoughts for me are still ongoing, everyday. I am very, very scared though as to if I'll go through with it.

Thank you for reading (if you have.)

I appreciate it.


