some things i try to remind myselfmy suicidal ideation has been at an all time high throughout quarantine, and it seems that the last few weeks have been quite unpleasant and dark. i've been feeling hopeless and bouncing back and forth between sadness and emptiness. i don't want to get too deep into all of it, but things just have not been going great. 

despite this, i'm still here. i wouldn't say i'm utterly pleased about it, but every time i get really down, a few "reasons" keep popping into my mind (i wouldn't entirely call them "reasons" -- maybe excuses is more fitting). "thinking of my loved ones" hasn't been working because i have done that fun thing where i convince myself that the people that care about me, don't care about me.

anyways, i just thought i would share some of the things that have been keeping me going lately. i hope that some of these may benefit or resonate with any of you who are are feeling similar to me.

\- i keep thinking of pets that i love. not exclusively my own, but my friends' and the ones i pass every so often whose names i don't even know. the thought of them waiting to see me again, only to leave them disappointed indefinitely is enough to make me hesitate. 

\- i'm not sure why, but thinking of my child self always leaves me feeling sad. despite all the things that could have brought lil me down, i remained so hopeful and excited about life. the thought of taking away her (lil me's) future upsets me. she had so much passion and enthusiasm for all the things  that she hoped to do. it may seem dumb, but it feels wrong to take that away from her. and maybe i can become something that lil me would be proud of.

\- i think this is the most effective reason for me. there have been multiple times throughout my life where i have really wanted to just call it quits. and if i had done it at any of those times, i would have missed out on so much. i've created and enhanced so many relationships, learnt so many new things that i'm truly interested in, and grown in ways that not only i, but also the people i surround myself with, have noticed. if i do it now, what am i going to miss out on? 

\- i have so many things i want to do in the future. even though right now the future seems meaningless, i know that once i'm out of this headspace, i still do want to travel and become a therapist and help animals and write about things that matter to me. there's so much i still want to do, and i keep reminding myself that the passion will return -- it has to.

\- i really, really want to help people. and what if a person that i could have helped if i were still alive, didn't get the support they needed because i wasn't there to do it. this could definitely be a stretch, but i guess it's possible. 

\- and finally, perhaps i should just wait because whenever i feel this way, it never lasts forever even though it feels like it will. throughout these periods, i tell myself that happiness never lasts, and that it always comes back to this feeling. i repeat in my head that no one cares for me, and that there's no point for me to keep going. but every time i've ever felt this way, i always get through it. and once i'm out, i almost even feel embarrassed that i let the mental illness compel me to think this way. it always passes. what makes this time any different? 

this wasn't meant to be a "reasons to not die" list, but i guess it kind of came out like that. i don't know if this post could possibly help anyone or if anyone's even going to read it in the first place; it just felt reassuring to write it all out. maybe it will be of some use to someone, and maybe i can come back in the future for times when i need reminding.