These are my aspirations.I'm terribly sorry for the long post, but i'm completely alone, and this is an outlet.


Basically, i've been battling an eating disorder for over a year since my ex-boyfriend physically, mentally, and sexually abused me. I turned into this person that I never thought I could be. This thing that's been eating me up from the inside out has destroyed what was left of my self-esteem. I don't remember what it's like to enjoy eating anything. I don't remember what it's like to be satisfied. I'm healthier than I was, with the addition of some things, but the only thing i've eaten in months has been fruit and coffee. And whether I eat or not, I exercise around two hours a day. If I do eat, I binge and purge, usually. My esophagus is damaged as well as my stomach, and probably every other part of myself, too. I'm around 5'5, and the lowest i've ever been was around 70 pounds. I couldn't function, period. I did nothing. Skeleton, skeleton. This has to change.

However, last year, my dearest friend took me out of my depression and brought me back to reality, somewhat. She is the only reason I stopped taking pills and sleeping for weeks on end. She's the only reason i'm alive. During this time, I was alone. No one cared except for her. My household has never been a positive place. My mother has the same distorted perceptions about eating and body image that I developed, which never helped anything. I have gone back and forth between barely functioning and being my happiest, but i'm frightened to death. I've tried to kill myself plenty of times, but now that I think about what I have done, i'm surprised i'm not already dead. This makes me think I am, after all, here for a reason.

To make things more complicated, I am a female. Mariah and I started dating, which was my first female relationship. After the trauma i've experienced with men in my life, I am no longer comfortable being close with the male sex. I just start crying. Anyways, today would have been our seven month anniversary. 

And why isn't this so? She put us on a break. Things were fine when we could see eachother and hang out and do anything we wanted, but that changed drastically. My mother is extremely caught up with her boyfriend, who is over 200 pounds at over six feet tall, which for a short person like me, scares me to death. He is a very irritable person, too. He screamed at me for moving a towel, and continues to do so every day about minuscule things. He hurts my mother, and she still smiles and worships him, ignoring me completely. I swear I don't exist in this house. It wouldn't be so terrible except for he moved us half an hour away from, well, everything. My friends. Mariah. Anything that would be slightly entertaining. I am stuck in the middle of nowhere with nowhere to go and no hope here. I'm basically trapped in my room, as well. Which is only a tiny bit bigger than my twin-sized bed. I feel trapped, mentally and physically. I always have been. And now I don't feel free anymore. I have always been controlled by people, whether it was my mother or my past relationships. I need this to stop. 

To make it worse, my mother's boyfriend has convinced my mother that our relationship is wrong in the first place because he hates same-sex relationships. And her parents are similar-minded, so it's not like we can really hang out or have any personal time anymore. This worries me. Aren't parents supposed to love and support their children, no matter what they do or what they are? I see none of that here.

So, Mariah told me that she would never be with me again until I was better, and happy. I'm terrified that i'm just going to be alone forever. (Insert forever alone joke here). But seriously, I have never been more lost. She told me to make a list of things I enjoy about myself, and things I want to change. This is what i've come up with. 

1. I have nice skin because I take care of it. Go me.
2. I used to have nice hair. I want it to grow back and be healthy instead of having it falling out in clumps. Just because no one sees the bald spots on my head doesn't mean they're not there.
3. I'm fucking hilarious, I guess. Sometimes.
4. I love my eyes and dimples.
5. I'm very good at expressing my emotions through art and dance.
6. I can sing decently, as far as I know.
7. I take pride in my own taste in music and style.
8. I'm a good cook, and I bake even better. 
9. I might be socially awkward, but when i'm comfortable with people, I can be fun.
10. I am creative. I'm just scared people will hate what I do. But I shall move on.

(Oh shit, ten commandments going down here. Not really.)

And...five things I want to change.

1. Apparently, i'm too skinny. It's hard for this to register because everyone in the world looks thinner than I do, in my opinion. This makes me feel crazy, like I have a distorted sense of perception. And I probably do. I suppose that's the trauma and stress fucking with me. So, I do have a goal to eat as much as I am comfortable with, and eventually, I hope I can do it without feeling guilty or thinking too much. I remember being my happiest between 100 and 110 pounds, so I will try to atleast get there. It just worries me that I slowed down my metabolism too much, and i'll turn into an obese slob from eating anything. Especially stuck in this terribly small place. I'll do what I can until I have a form of exercise, though. 

2. I'm too awkward. I've never fit in with people, and I always tend to say the wrong thing, and then cue the scowls and fake laughter. I've never considered myself "cool" in any sense. But then I wonder, why do all these people flirt with me, like me, and seem to look up to me? I figure I must be doing something right, even though I do plenty wrong. I will be more open. It'd be good for me to realize that yes, people will hate me, but people will love me, too. And that's something I can live with. Haters gonna hate?

3. I think too much. I sit there and I analyze every possible outcome of every situation. It bugs me out. It makes me crazy. I cry and I complain about what I can and can't do, whilst everyone around me seems to be functioning just fine. I never seem to understand my own mind, or the frame it is wrapped around. This bothers me. Sometimes I genuinely want to turn off my mind and see what it's like not to think. I'd be much happier if I wasn't so analytical and judgmental. This will stop.

4. I'm way too self-discriminating. This kills me. It's hard for me to shed good light on myself when, especially now, i've never felt more alone. I wonder, where's the connection? How can they want me? How can you want me? And I just have never understood. They tell me all these fabrications and truths, but what am I to believe? I want to believe what I know in myself, is all. It doesn't matter what they all say. It's myself that really counts, and what I know I am capable of. 

5. I enforce limitations on myself that I don't deserve. This includes social gatherings, food, happiness, what I have to say, and I guess basically everything I have control over I just tend to control a bit too much. I can't do it anymore. I don't have to corral myself into a black hole where i'm just suffering mentally and physically. It's not right for myself, or anyone. I have the correct mindset to become who I truly want to be, and I can't get in my own way anymore. I will be confident and work through things rather than fighting myself and saying that I cannot do this and that. Yes, I can. I can.

I am an attractive individual who would be even more so if I was healthy, and even if other people think i'm fine, I am not. I am doing this for myself because I truly don't want to die. I want to be happy with my life and be with you. There is no point in depriving myself and killing myself every day over stupid things. I will be who I want, and I will do what I want, within reason. 

For reference, this is a recent picture of myself:
http://i.imgur.com/71iUo.jpg

And this was last year. Don't hate. I thought I was a scene kid. 
http://i.imgur.com/KlHbH.jpg


Overall, yeah, that's pretty much my deal. I just figured I would post and see if anyone would like to talk about it, because i'm isolated and scared, but I have to do this if I want to be with Mariah again and keep living, because at this rate, i'm not going to last very long.



