Hi...Hello, my name is Emelia. I am using a new account because I don't want this on my history. I've been contemplating posting here for weeks. Finally decided to do it. I'm terrified of breaking the rules so tell me if anything is wrong and I will take my post down or fix it. Where I live or how old I am isn't relevant so I'm not going to say. I have a shortened version of a story and a little rant to share. It's most likely nobody will read this or respond so, if this post is deserted, don't feel guilty.

I think about suicide ALOT. I think about why it might happen, what the consequences are, and how it will feel. The only reason I haven't is because, even though the rest of my family are toxic, my mum and my cat are the two things that mean the world to me. I used to live with my whole family, mum, dad, two older brothers. I have no memories except my cousin hating me, my Aunts and Uncles bullying me and my dad not being there even though we lived together. Older brothers sound nice in books, protecters, loving. Mine tormented me every minute they saw me. My life was and is not bad compared to others but it's not a competition.

My dad has an incurable illness ME and some others. It basically means you ache all the time, have no energy and are stuck in bed most if not all days of the week. It wasn't bad when I was young but, as I said, I don't remember much of them. The story I am going to tell is weirdly peiced together but bare with me. This was only a few years ago, seeing as I am quite young. My parents got divorced, he and the rest of my main family lived apart. He had carers and I would go over every other weekend. I remember loving going there, my mum for not stopping my brothers' bullying. Little did I know, she was bullied and scared of them too. If my oldest brother was angry, he would pound on my door and scream. Luckily, we were never touched or hurt but we were scared. I would've done anything to save my mum, I would've taken the hit for her, even though it never came to that. 

I loved going to my dad's because he had money, he would buy me snacks and cook dinner with me. While my mum was working two jobs, my brother slacking on rent, trying to feed us every day. Yet I felt sorry for her, wanted to spend more time with my dad. That was a mistake.

I was bullied at school for my weight and for being so poor. I pretended to not care but I was breaking inside. They pretended to be my friend, took advantage of me and joined the gang of bullies when I realised. I laughed at them, pretended to not be bothered. That was, until one of them pushed me into a rusty nail that went through my foot. I didn't cry or scream. I hid my pain and anger inside, bottled it up, laughed and said it's fine! It's an accident! Purposely pushing me into a rusty nail is fine! I was fine. I pushed a knife to my throat that night, held it firmly, my head slowly backing away. I wanted it but didn't want it. I was being selfish. I thought if I were to die, I would be a selfish monster. Yet, when I heard suicide stories, I wouldn't think they're selfish. I would think that they are strong for going for so long. Unfortunate. I felt pain for them in my throat when I look at what led them to that decision. 

I felt bad. 

I took the knife away, not crying a tear and silently put the knife back. I asked my mum to move as soon as possible. Next day, I stood up to them and they started to leave me alone. 

Back to my dad. He would criticise everything I do. My mum treated me as a woman who was capable because I am mature for my age. He was homphobic, racist, sexist, wouldn't let me stay home alone if they were going somewhere I hated. I hated museums, parks, and fairs. That was all they used to visit. I grew tired of him but felt obligated to go. One night, I snapped. He had told me to get off of my phone so we could watch a war documentry I had no interest in. He snatched it away, even though my mum was texting me something important. I screamed, threw my dinner and snatched it back. He couldnt fight me and I took advantage of that. But my brother could. He could've killed me just with his body but my dad wouldn't let him even look at me, knowing I would get a knife to protect myself if needed. I was a little unhinged back then, still am I guess. I guess that's the one thing he did right that night. I wanted to leave but it was cold and raining. I had no coat or shoes because they were blocking it. They trapped me until my mum picked me up.

I never went around to his again. I never saw him, spoke to him until he arranged a "neutral" discussion with a family friend. She was lovely, my second mum, but in that moment she seemed to blame me for everything. I was ganged up on, outspoken and my mum couldn't fight for me. So I stopped seeing him. I learned all of the things he had done to my mum in the past. Left her with thousands and thousands of debt, not paid child support, lied millions of times, spread rumours, manipulated my brothers with false stories. I saw what he was. I no longer had any brothers or a dad. Us two moved out and had to stay with a friend until we were back on our feet. It was bad, seeing as we had little to no money and the teens that lived there tormented me just as much as my brothers did. At least it was better than being scared. But I was grateful. Grateful for my mum, for protecting me, finding a solution where my vision was clouded. She was my rock and I was hers. She made me cry, looking at her struggling. I would've and still would have given her any support I could. I hated my self for not being able to work or support us. She hated herself for thinking and saying that. She felt like she had let me down. I didn't. 

Fast forward a few years, we moved away, got an apartment and I am slowly opening up to him again. I don't forgive him. I had tried therapists and they just made me anxious. It was hard to fill the silence and I had nobody talking to me, just a blank human. It was free so I guess we can't complain.

I am so confident and out-going with my fake persona. I hide behind it, even with my mum.. I want to be myself but I'm too gloomy. I'm too weird. I feel like I am not sane and I don't belong here. I have it too good. 

I think about suicide ALOT. Not doing it. But what it would look, smell, feel, hear like. I thought of the way it would go. There were so many! But do you know what stopped me, aside from my mum? I would think about the way I would look and how disgusted the police would be at my fat body. The way my chin would be so obvious and the way they would lift my clothes, see my fat and vomit at the sight of me. I thought, I need to lose weight before I did anything. I can't be ugly when I die. That would hurt others. 
YOU ARE WORTHLESS. 
SO UGLY. 
GAY. 
DISGUSTING. 
MONSTER. 
FAT. 
WEIRD. 
FREAK. 
LOUD. 

I think about why I don't do it. I think about if this things are true. 
I am fat, I am weird, I am loud.

I am curvy, I am weird, I am expressive. 

I agree with both. Though the darkness always consumes my positivity. I do my makeup, dress nicely- UGH, my waist is too big, my double chin is disgusting, my makeup isn't blended properly, I'm going to attract too much attention, isn't that colour for good-looking people? Is my writing good enough? Am I ever going to get the career I want? Shouldn't I just disappear? Why do I eat so much? I should get out more. I don't want the world to see me. I feel loved but I don't deserve it. I am annoying. My friends hate me. I'm stupid. I Don't deserve school. I don't deserve the freedom of home-schooling. I don't look like I should. That girl is so skinny, why aren't I like that? Should I get surgery? I'm so lazy. I should work out more. But my fat will be so obvious if I jump. I love the way I look in this crop top. But people can see my back and stomach. 

I don't want to be noticed but I want to be bold.