I cannot stand my life anymoreAs I'm typing this, my family are getting ready to go on a nature walk. They don't know I'm typing this. They don't know that I've got a Reddit account or spend a lot of my time in r/SuicideWatch. 

I couldn't take high-school and so just stopped going, and am now home-schooled. Most of the time I spend the day alone, and I love it like that. I attempted suicide a few months ago but chickened out, and since then I'm trying to prove to myself that I'm not worthless. I've started digital art, I write stories, I've gotten into computer programming, and generally just like to think in peace and quiet. 

But now there's the Coronavirus and my family will start staying home, and that will pretty much ruin the next four months, or however long the lockdown is in place. 

I quite like video-games, and have recently fallen in love with Elite Dangerous. I find it to be a relaxing experience. But with everybody staying home, the computer is almost constantly used. I can't write, can't draw, can't continue my programming. My two sisters are loud as fuck and never stop running around the house. I have aero-phobia. Every Easter we go to Greece for holidays, but last Easter i refused, to my Dad had to stay behind while everybody else went. I'm breaking the family apart and everybody knows it. Whenever my family have to go out there's this huge drama because I don't want to go see a few flowers for five hours when i could be doing more productive things with my time. My parents have started blaming me for breaking everything apart, and they're right. That's why I'm trying to kill myself. I'm trying to end my life so that they can enjoy more things in the future without me bogging them down. 

Due to my stolitary life I have no friends, online or otherwise. I have no one to talk to or confide in. My life just isn't worth living anymore. I can't end myself because I'll be stopped and placed in a hospital for crazy people. My parents have threatened to do that after i tried running away. 

I think of myself as a little shitstick and I know from experience when writing that if I go back and edit this, I'll lose confidence and erase it, so please forgive any mistakes.