Need to get this weight off my chestI moved away from home to study. Thus I wanted to fulfill one of my almost lifelong dreams. But in reality it turned into a huge disappointment and even worse: since I've been a freshman over here, seperated from my family and the very few 'friends' I have at all, I'm all alone. There's no one here, neither a housemate nor a friend. I also have only few aquaintances here, all of which don't seem to be interested in doing something together. Like I see or hear all the funny and interesting stuff they do on facebook while I'm all alone. Day after day. Moreover I seem to have a crippling anxiety, i.e. talking to people seems to be incredibly difficult or impossible if it's a total stranger.  
  
But who would talk to such a blue and miserable stranger such as me? I start to see myself as a total failure, as someone who's not even worthy of being with others. Nowadays I don't even want to bother others with my presence. I just want to hide and wither away. I'm thinking every day of committing suicide and imagining whether anyone would even notice me being dead, or whether they would care at all. I'm thinking about how to die and what kind of message to leave behind, but in the end I don't do it as if I'm failing even at this. Most likely I don't really want to die. But I don't know what to do. All I know is that I seemingly can't free myself from this constant pain. Only small relieves or diversions are possible, like watching TV, gaming or buying stupid stuff. Though this won't solve my problems rather increase them over time. And not to mention the stinging feelings of guilt afterwards. In the end I'm only functioning, not really living.  
  
Also my dreams, motivation etc. have disappeared. I'm lost without orientation. My intelligence of which I've always been so proud seems to have been lost as well as my ability to memorize stuff. I forget people's names, faces, what I want or need to do and so on. Not to mention what I've been learning these past few years which also has been some sort of my pride, being one of the best among my peers and now falling into mediocrity.  
  
If you don't understand the pride I took in those skills, let me explain that I had always been harassed in kindergarten and throughout school, not only insults and isolation, but also physical injuries. All supposedly because of my intelligence. I didn't have real friends, but I was more intelligent than most of the people, so it was naturally the only thing that I could be proud of.  
  
My parents or sibling didn't help me back then, rather prevented doctors etc. from intervening. Truth to be told, the first time I wanted to commit suicide was when I had been six or seven years old. After my siblings had been picking on me and my parents hadn't listened again, I had wanted to stab a knife through my heart. Imagine a child wanting to kill himself. Not too much has changed actually. At that time I didn't want or rather was afraid of undergoing therapy while now I can't.  
  
[I wish someone could save me from this darkness.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LAriDxTeed8) 