I attempted suicide. What do I have to live for?TL,DR: I had been feeling better for a while, but something triggered the depression and I attempted suicide and I wish I had died because I don't want to keep lying to myself.

&amp;#x200B;

I've been depressed for a long time.  Recently I got so anhedonic that I just started riding my bike random places.  It's currently the only thing I enjoy.  I have been getting better, and been having a more positive outlook and have been taking control of my life.  I haven't been procrastinating my college schoolwork, and I have been trying to get a girlfriend: something I never thought possible before.

I'm autistic, so I don't understand people very well.  I had been chatting with a girl for a few months on Snapchat who I met through Plenty of Fish and we shared a lot of common interests.  I also recently (a couple of days ago) had installed Tinder, Bumble, Happn, Badoo, and a bunch of others.  In addition to trying to meet people online, I've been asking people out at my university.  One girl gave me her number, and I texted her only three times but she never responded.  That had a huge effect on me, not depressive-wise but not knowing (I have no idea how to date because of social issues).  I brushed all of these rejections off, because I felt good about who I was as a person because of all the exercise I had been getting.

Last night I sent a message to the person I had been chatting with for months saying:  "Hey, \[her name\].  I want to be your friend and hang out with you, but I don't know how to accomplish that.  So far, it seems that I'm doing something wrong or something that you don't like.  It's not intentional on my part, I'm just not sure what exactly you want from me".  She replied by saying: "I'm sorry  but this isn't going to work, you're very pushy".  That tipped me over the edge.  This always happens to me with women I meet online.  I don't know how to talk to them to get an outcome I want.  I'm always rejected, and always will be.  All the women I've met through the recently installed apps are ugly and or far away.

I wanted to kill myself because I could see in that moment that I had blinded myself into thinking that I can be happy and have an attractive girlfriend/wife and have a great career through hard work.  I can see that nothing will change.  I then had an awful idea of doing what the girl did to me to all of the ugly people on dating sites that matched with me.  I had so much anger for myself at that moment that I ran to the nearest sink/counter and grabbed a bottle of tape remover liquid and downed it.

I had told a friend in a different state about this (stupid idea) and she called the cops in her area, who called the cops in my area, who went to my house and spoke with my dad.  My dad called my mom, who found me in the bathroom after I had chugged the bottle.  I called poison control and then everyone forced me to go to the emergency room.  There, I was able to convince everyone that this was a just stupid decision, and not the suicide attempt that it was.

They told me that I was lucky, and that a lot of people who mess around and drink chemicals because they're bored end up with chemical burns and require a stoma and feeding tube.  They also said that this is on my record, and if I do it again, I'll be placed in a mental hospital.  I probably belong there, but I'm afraid to go there.  I already shot my job prospects in the foot by pulling this stunt.  No one will ever want me: as a boyfriend/husband OR as an employee.  What do I have to live for?  