A string of thoughtsI always feel so alone but I’m just as surrounded as the next person. I have friends I share interests with but I feel no connection to any of them. I always ask myself what qualifications someone should even have for me to consider them a friend or someone I’m close to. And I guess I’ve just recently started thinking that everyone I’ve ever felt close to, I felt close to them because I felt we had a mutual emotional attachment to each other. Like if anything happened to either one of us it would greatly effect the other one. But I don’t have that anymore, because it has to feel mutual. There’s still some people that I feel emotionally attached to, my parents, my ex, my middle school best friend, but I don’t feel as if any of them have emotional attachments to me anymore, at least not very strong ones. I think if I ever did build up the courage to disappear from this planet, they’d all get over it pretty effortlessly. My parents have been so absent in my life, they’ve just raised me as any parent would want to raise their kid but they’ve never really shown much interest in what I like, my ideas, my viewpoints on the world or things going on in our lives, or how I feel, and I feel like they haven’t made much of an effort to spend time with me. Obviously things would be just as easy if a kid could just ask to spend time with their parents, or tell their parents how they feel on their own, but adults have troubles telling people how they feel, it feels almost impossible as a kid. I never once was asked about my emotions or talked about them until I was 16 years old. It’s hard. Doing something for the first time is hard. And kids don’t always have the maturity to say what they want or how they feel, sometimes They need to be asked, and sometimes it might even take some prying. And what makes it worse is when anyone makes you regret sharing how you feel. You finally open up to someone and you start to feel safe doing so, and at first they seem to receive it well, but when they start to make you feel unwanted, like your feelings aren’t valid, like your feelings don’t affect theirs. You start to think they don’t care, or that you shouldn’t be feeling the way you are, and you start to put up a  wall, a protective cocoon where you promise yourself you won’t share with anyone ever again in fear of it happening again. Because as much as we don’t like to admit it, having that person you can be close with, that person you can be intimate with, or even just someone that understands how you’re feeling, no matter what, the feeling of sadness and despair from losing that connection or person, hugely outweighs how nice it is to have the connection or the person. Keeping everything to yourself after getting to feel what it’s like to have someone who cares is the most painful feeling I’ve ever dealt with. Having nobody around who would still accept me and love me for who I am, despite my flaws, hurts.