Tired At first ,please excuse my english.

I'm 19, male. I live in eastern europe. 

My  biological dad left me,my (older)sister and my mom right before i was born. For almost all my life i've been sick. The primary school was fine. It got worse in middle school. I didn't eat almost anything,i had no appetite at all. There were days where I only drank water and didn't take a single bite of anything. The doctors couldn't tell what was wrong with me. I was skinny af. At the age of 13 and height of almost 170cm(\~5'8) i weighted 34kgs(\~75 pounds).Everyone was laughing at me, making jokes of me. Then  I had a surgery. Everything was normal. I mean for one of the first times in my life i felt hunger. Like a real one. I didn't have to make myself eat. After the surgery i stayed in the hospital for a week. At this point I started gaining weight like a rolling snowball. I gained almost 40kgs(89 pounds) in 2 months. I could eat 10 meals/day and still be hungry. Back in middle school i had like &lt;8% body fat. At that point I had more like 25%. Before the surgery people were laughing at me for being skinny, then they bullied me for being fat. I was afraid to take part in PE. I didn't wanna go to school. I had &lt;40% presence that year. I started training, doing cardio and exercising with personal trainer at local gym. Burned about 10% body fat over 6 months. He was surprised that I managed to do that even though i still was eating like tons of food. I just couldn't stop myself. In secondary school/high school i made some "friends". I wouldn't call them friends, just can't find other word for somneone like them.They were more like fake friends. At school we were talking, laughing and having fun but after school they acted like I'm a complete stranger to them.Last year everyone had their 18s birthday parties. I wasn't invited to a single one.   I never had a girlfriend, never had a close friend  that I could just trust and talk to whenever I need to. I have a shitty ass job,my boss is ripping me of money whenever I do something wrong. My mother considers me as a failure in her life, meanwhile my sister is living at a countryside with her boyfrind. They have 5 kids, they are also living with her boyfriends grandparents. They are both unemployed. My mother helps them with food, laundry, and with the kids. She often tells me how proud is she of my sister. At this point i have nothing to do with myself but to commit sucide. I'm hesitating because of my grandma. She is the only good thing in my life, and now she's dying of cancer. Sometimes I just have suicidal thoughts. If I'm in a good mood i tell myself "It will get better" "I don't care about what people say". But most of the time I just think about when I should do it and how. I am ugly, fat, have a horrible acne.I have nothing to lose, I'm just tired of this. I want to end it.

Really had to just say it out loud, didn't tell that story to a single person in my life.