What the fuck is wrong with me?At least once an hour I think about killing myself. The sick part is I knowingly did this all to myself. I have a respectable job that takes care of me well, pays for my school, promises to further my career and is even paying for my schooling. I'm making 28,000 a year not including bonuses and I'm a top performer. Not bad considering I'm 22 and worked in pizza shops before that. I've been told I'm pretty attractive and am in good shape

My girlfriend is 19 and practically lives with me in a great apartment that only really costs me 270 a month. I have another room mate who is never really home and live very comfortably. I care about my girlfriend more than pretty much anything else.

I hate myself. I feel like I'm getting stupider and stupider and every single day I struggle to find the ability to form even a simple conversation. I can't focus on the slightest of tasks like laundry or cooking without messing it up somehow and I'm becoming more spacey and forgetful to the point where I can't even form a sentence and the anxiety inside of me is tearing into me while my conversation partner stares at me wondering 'what the fuck is wrong with this poor sap.'

I left work on medical leave because I can't keep any food down. I throw up everything if my stomach is mildly irritated or just randomly. I mainly just drink protein shakes and cook for the girlfriend. The doctors did an upper and lower GI and found nothing wrong with me and recommended pills and a diet.

I talked to my doctor about my thoughts on suicide and he perscribed Citalopram which seems to do little. 

I can't focus. I forget even the dumbest things like locking my car and it's starting to scare me. I hear things that seem impossible. Just today I was listening to my voicemail and had a message beep and whisper to me that I'm fired. I can't find it and I feel like I'm losing my mind. I'm starting to even get paranoid about leaving the house. 

I don't want to return to work like this and everyone is running out of patience with me for explaining to them why I'm not working. I can't tell any of them any of this. My girlfriend knows I'm going through a lot right now and knows it's psychological and she has been a huge support for me but I just can't tell her that I'm hearing shit and I'm fucking crazy. Not when her biological father became a meth head and went insane. All I can think to do is run away from all of this but there's no way I can just leave this life I've worked so hard to set up. Especially not when I doubt my own sanity.

The stress just keeps piling on and I can't bring myself to do anything to get rid of it. I clean, cook, spend time out with the girlfriend and try to do everything my health will permit. On the outside I see my life as perfect. I'm with a girl I love in a job that I'm great at and I don't need anything huge in my life as long as I just keep at it, but on the inside I feel so trapped and unhappy that all I want to do is be alone.

TL;DR- Stressed about irrational things, paranoid, hearing voices and sounds when alone, can't focus, can't hold on to a thought, poor health, not working because of stomach illness/inability to function, great job, great friends, great plan, great girlfriend,

If you've read all of this thank you, it was simply therapeutic typing all of it out. 