What do I do with my life? Hi, my name is \_\_\_ and I'm 14.

I want to end my constant depressing thoughts, my struggles with life, and before, I wanted to end my life. My life may seem all jolly and happy from other peoples views but it's not, I have a wealthy father who can only gain love from his children with money, he's a wise man and so on but bloody hell is he stupid when it comes to love, he has more time for a business partner than his kids. My mother (who I live with) is constantly working, stressed out and financially nowhere near as rich as my father. They're divorced and do not get on, I wish they could stop wasting their time with other people, work etc and spend it with their kids. I'm a half-thai, half-english child. Only half-blooded person in both my families and I feel weird about it. My father is 23 years older than my mother so I do wonder why they got together, I ponder whether my mother did "things" with my father when they met, i don't know. Thailand is a popular travel destination and there's lots of unloving prostitutes in some certain cities. I'm sure my mother isn't one but sometimes I just feel like a mistake, that I shouldn't exist and that there's no point of me, which there isn't.

I always feel trapped in my room, locked in it. My life here isn't so fun, I have nothing to do but stare at my phone or computer. Yes you may say "Go out, go to the park" etc but I feel too unmotivated to do anything, i go to the gym yes but apart from that nothing. 

Schedule : Wake up, waste time, school, gym, waste my pathetic life, sleep, repeat. 

Sometimes I wish i don't wake up. I'm not going to kill myself no, that's stupid but i just don't want to exist. I'm a pathetic sad little loser. Yes people like me, I have a girlfriend suprisingly somehow. I don't understand why anyone would love me, there's nothing special about me. I hate me. My relationship with my friends is detteriating and relationship with my girlfriend, i don't know how I feel with her, I just think I should end everything and be lonely. I deserve no one and no one deserves me. Maybe because I can't love but that's because of my porn addiction, it's not as bad as back in september last year, I would masturbate multiple times a day back then. Now, it's every few days or a week that I would do it. But i can't help stop it, pathetic right? I have a girlfriend and I can't stop. How sad am I? A lot i know. I hate me. I want to stop, I really do but it's hard. I look around at everyone in my school and lots of them are degenerates, they constantly judge eachother, the people date eachother simply for sexual gratification, year 7's smoke and I simply want to give up, I'm in the top class for everything but i see no point to try anymore. I'm just gonna end up a failure, no Cambridge. 

I just want to forget everything, stop everything, end everything and float around in an abyss all alone because i deserve it. Why should I deserve anything? Give a reason. There's none. I'm just another stupid 14 year old kid that thinks life is fantasy blah blah, "i'll be with my girlfriend forever" blah blah, I love her but I can't feel anything sometimes, I feel emptiness blah blah but I feel it for myself and everyone, simply nothing. The only thing that lifts my spirits is music but then, I can't sing for my life, I sound like a bloody deformed seagull. Yes I have multiple talents but I simply want to give up on all of them, I've practically given up on art anyway. I should just be erased from history, everything would be better then:)

Thanks for enduring the short story of my terrible life. Not so terrible compared to others so don't bother wasting your time replying. Have a good day whoever is reading this! 