My moral and social view on suicideHi guys and girls,

I posted something which included the topic of suicide on another thread and it lead to someone reaching out through a pm.
My reply turned out to be petty long as I imagine it's, partially, what's constantly going through my head and I've never actually managed to verbalise it or write it down ever in my life.

It's slightly edited from the message to make more sense but you get gist of it. 

I have to warn you though, it is a long one
(That's wbat she said)


The way I see suicide is the way I see the ever ongoing argument for abortion. I dont know your views on the subject but I'm completely FOR abortion because it's the individuals right to do as they will with their body.
I feel the same with suicide. It's the individuals right to choose what they do with their body but, ultimately, what they choose to do with their life.
I also liken it to how we put down our pets if they are in so much pain or their life is not worth living because they are immobile and don't have any use of their legs for example so the pros for suicide out weight the cons which if we, as humans, can make the decision to put our pets to sleep because their lives are not worth living and the better choice is for them to not feel anything and it's the "kind thing to do", I certainly believe that we have the individual right to do the same thing to ourselves and make that decision for ourselves as humans. 

Unfortunately it's just frowned upon by society (like alot of things are due to most of the population just following the rest of the crowd to spread what is right or wrong as if its fact and not just the development of society. Hell, a couple hundred years ago society thought it was right to string women up because they thought they were witches. But that's a whole other discussion for another time) and also there's a good amount of the population that have the natural instinct to stop someone from dying or taking their own life. Unfortunately it's only when the deed is happening or is actually done that people take notice and think about their actions and how they could've done something or acted in a better way to prevent it, or at least show that there's some sort of good on the other side of life.

YA