I want to end it.I find myself in my bed at night alone, sad, and just angry at the world nearly every day. I want to end it, I don't have a future anyway at least even if I did I know I wouldn't even enjoy it.  Nothing in the world as a career or future I believe I could be content with.  All the bullshit that I go though each and every day seems pointless to me "oh gotta write that essay for my class" "gotta clean the house so my mom wont throw me out again" just the sickening thought of those things in the back of my mind and such a DEEP desire to do absolutely nothing not even move from my bed or do a damn thing is the only thing I want. And seeing as that is not humanly possible why not just end it.

I think about it all the time so why not. I would personally go with a pill cocktail or carbon monoxide in a garage or something just because Im a pussy when it comes to pain.  Ill think about how easy it would be for me to just walk to my car grab a hose and attach it to the exhaust and feed it in through the car window then just listen to my favorite music and just sleep. 

There's nothing I desire, I don't have any goals, there's nothing I want, nothing I know shows me a possible future. When people ask about what I plan to do when I am older I ALWAYS have to fashion some extravagant excuse because when I try to see a future for myself I literally see nothing. A blank slate. Its just hopeless

I don't do anything for myself. I go to college and I get good grades like 3.6gpa's and shit (just so my mom wont charge me rent, and the good grades just so she will keep help paying for school) I work full time at some crappy pizza parlor only to pay my bills to my mom and to buy school supplies or gas I don't buy much of anything else the rest just gets saved. Saved for nothing because there's nothing I even want to get despite having the money to.

And then I just get the thought in my head "Why not just do it?" sure I would upset all of the people around me something I strive to never do. But its my pointless life not there's. Iv'e had to endure through so much bullshit ranging from molestation, a parents divorce, alcoholism, drug addiction, self harm, etc (for some of those, years)

I just don't see much of a point as to why I really need to keep living, of course however I don't think I have the balls to go through with it...But it sure as hell would be nice.