This is the straw that has finally broken the camels backSorry to be posting here. I'm having a dreadful time in general - the anniversary of my little brothers death is upcoming, I suffered a miscarriage a while ago, my wonderful mother is sick, work is hell, but worst of all (or maybe the one on my mind the most) my disaster of a relationship has finally destroyed me and we're quarantined together.

He cheated on me constantly. I'd just left a physically abusive relationship and he made me feel like an absolute queen when we met, I fell madly in love, and then it began. Not just constant cheating but putting me down, telling me I was crazy and paranoid, and threatening to leave after every argument. I went to the hospital appointment for my miscarriage alone because he claimed he had to work, yet he took a girl he was cheating on me with to an appointment for a mild concussion not 4 days later.

I was a mess. I was so desperate for his love I was doing anything - I accepted the cheating, I dropped all my friends to spend every second I could with him, I moved in with him in a heartbeat. Another girl appeared about a month ago and he admitted hed been sleeping with her, and I finally had enough (13 girls including my best friend was just too many) and I left.

Now we're quarantined together. Its such a disaster, I feel like my heart is torn in two and I'm stuck in this awful limbo where I cant leave. On one hand I HAVE to leave, hes never going to change. On the other i I cant because we're quarantined and I'm also still so desperate for him to love me and take me back and kiss me, all I've done is cry. I hate hearing them laugh and talk on the phone in the other room. I've gone back to self harming and I dont know what I'm going to do. I tried to talk about it but he said I'm being "crazy" and "weird" and need to accept hes moved on. He said he never loved me from the beginning and was lying because he didnt want to hurt me - that was the most hurtful thing I've ever heard. 

I need to pick myself up now more than ever and I've chosen the worst time. There are people going through so much worse than me but this is killing me, the poor other girl doesnt even know about me. This has tipped me past breaking point and I dont know how I'm going to cope. I stood in the carpark for my flat today and spoke to a wonderful.man from the samaritans for about an hour; he helped me so much but I still want to do die. I cant see a way out of this life other than suicide - I feel so pathetic, so sad, and so low. I'm embarrassed I've let myself get to this point. The worst part is that I'm a psychologist and I work with suicidal vulnerable adults with autism and learning disability, yet I dont know how to take the advice I give. I'm so desperate and I've never felt so sad or alone in my life. I feel like this really was the final straw on my back and I am broken both inside and out. I'm currently on the sofa in the dark with a bottle of wine and feeling lower than I've ever felt since my suicide attempt 10 years ago.

Thanks for reading.