It doesn't seem like anything is going to work.I'm 19, currently unemployed and not in college. (I've dropped out a couple times from the flagship state university because of severe depressive episodes and an inability to be successful. I'd like to return.)

I'd been in the midst of a long stagnation for some time now, probably dating back at least to a quasi-suicide attempt in February. I've had no energy, no motivation, no confidence in myself to do anything productive but throw in a few half-hearted job applications online (with no results), nothing happening. Just my usual screwed-up sleeping schedule and almost constant suicidal thoughts.

The other night, I suddenly began to feel different, and not quite in the brief SSRI-high (psychiatry has been ineffective for me) or near-hypomania I remember experiencing before. I actually felt calm, like I could sit down and truly say to myself that my problems were solvable, and that I could get this done somehow... maybe trying my best even in these conditions to get a job or two, keep it, pay down debts, and keep my mind fresh... then go back to school for 2-3 years, finish a degree, and get out in the world making enough money to live a decent independent life.

I hadn't even gotten as far as actually getting out and searching for anything when my car was stolen yesterday afternoon. (In the trunk, not visible to the thief from outside, were some clothes and my laptop. I was about to pick up my dad so we could work on my uncle's house out of town.) This is the only way I could get to more than a handful of possible jobs, as I live on the edge of suburbia with my mom and my grandmother. I'm already a financial drain on them and my dad just by existing as an unemployed college dropout. It's even worse when my own personal problems have overlapped with a catastrophic fall in my mom's income over the past few years (as well as her job security--she's currently seasonal and about to be furloughed for a month). Even living with my grandmother and getting a bit of money from my dad (not a big earner himself) makes it challenging just to get by with me and my two younger sisters around. My parents split a few months ago, but they had to declare bankruptcy last year, and my grandmother's credit (damaged less severely under basically the same circumstances) is probably insufficient for me to obtain a replacement car. (She'd have to finance something anyway... something I know isn't smart, and something my mom and I avoided before bankruptcy by paying cash for a couple of used vehicles... mine a 1993 Accord. And I still don't have the funds now just to make a payment every month on a replacement for that car... or my student loans... or on enough of a credit card balance to get it under control.)

I'm telling myself at the moment that I should figure out how to power through this weekend of work (for a bit of badly needed cash) and then try to hunt for jobs anyway next week. This even though I can't sleep, it's physical work (which I'm not good at), my uncle/boss is an irritable reactionary (I set him off once by accident while working on his other house a couple months ago), and unemployment here is among the highest in the US. I just don't know how long I might be able to keep this up with everything from before still weighing on me in the background. I'm sick of life, and the few friends I have are all back up at my college. They're more interesting and more successful than I am, and because they didn't screw up and get depressed, they're going to have passed me by in life completely before I can even get back up there... and just getting back up there and having a decent life isn't even very likely. I just don't know what to do other than jump from some great height a few hours from home. At this rate it's probably the only way I'll be able to see the ocean and redwoods again...