Burned out, thinking about ending it.I'm mostly venting here. Been trying to see a therapist/shrink for a few months now and after calling dozens of offices and being unable to get in due to no one taking new patients I just gave up. Being an unmedicated bipolar is awful, don't do it kids.

I finally took the plunge and left my old job at a gas station, went 3 months unemployed before getting my current job that I was hoping was going to fix my situation because of better pay/ better insurance. 

It sounded cool at first because I'm getting paid to watch tv, but it's stressful (watch the news for 8 hours a day) and I have to watch so much awful garbage that it's just... I don't want to say depressing, but maybe numbing? 

I'm still working late shifts so I wasn't able to get my social life back together, and at this rate I haven't seen my friends in months, most in years.  And the pay is a vast improvement over what I was making at the gas station but it's not enough for me to move out into my own place, which I really need if I have any hope of getting my shit together and start acting like an actual grown up.

I fell off the diet wagon, and I'm back to drinking again. I'm not binging like I used to but I still have that little urge bouncing around the back of my mind that just drives me fucking nuts until I booze up, then it dies down for a few days.

I guess I'm just frustrated, I know all the things I need to do to be a human being again, I've just lost the motivation, the drive, and in a few instances the resources to go through with them. I don't have friends that will support me and my family is so fucking nuts I'd feel safer getting a vasectomy in an earthquake than rely on them for important issues or emotional/mental support.  I was squeaking by and hanging in there by making stupid jokes and puns, because I'm the funny guy, but lately I just haven't been able to even manage that.  I didn't realize how long it had been until my BFF came to visit and I was cracking jokes nonstop when she was around.

I don't know. I'm a toxic mess right now and I'd like to stop being such a burden on my friends, family, and coworkers.

And strangers too, sorry for being so whiny. Going to shower since it's been 4 or 5 since the last one and knock myself out with benedryll because I haven't slept in a couple of days, sorry about all this ranting.