I just want to end it.Where do I start with all this. It's a good question because the last month and a couple weeks have literally been hell for me. I'm 24 years old and I just got out of my first real relationship that lasted for a little over a year and a half. We lived together for a little over a year. Ever since this break up I've hated my life and it's only gone downhill.

To start I've had to move back in with my parents who can be nothing but controlling and manipulative. They were better at first although they seem to be reverting back to there old ways. 

My ex and I still talk. Hell I still sleep over what's now her apartment on Wednesday night and hang out on Thursday. It's not healthy I know but I'm happy when I'm around her. It was a mutual break up but I've realized how badly I still want her and while she says she loves me she doesn't want to get back together right now. Because well for one she was with her ex for about 4 years and two months after she broke that off was dating me. So shes never been single and shes trying to learn about herself and she says she won't date anyone for awhile. But there's this kid she's also hanging out with and it just hurts that it's not me. 

Another reason she doesn't want to get back together is I don't exactly have a game plan for life. I've been going to school for about 6 years now for a shitty justice studies degree and I'm not even close to graduating. I want to become a cop but I'm not even in close enough physical shape to take the physical. I don't have the motivation to get in shape.

To face facts I'm kinda a failure and hell my dad confirmed it for me. He pretty much told me tonight that all he's seen me do is fail and that I need to get my head out of my butt. 

There's more to than this and i have good friends and stuff but it just doesn't feel Ike they always care. Or maybe it's because I don't let them in.

I've had thoughts like these before but this is the most willing I've ever been to doing it. It's raining out right now and all I can think about doing is grabing my gun and driving out into the middle of nowhere and finally getting that peace. Ending this hurt that has kept me up night after night and finally not being a failure because I'll have finally finished some