Reposting the one I did a while ago that no one responded to on here.The desire to commit suicide grows stronger with every day and yet I know I’m not going to end up doing anything about it for a variety of reasons: 1) I know that it’s going to have a devastating effect on a few people 2) watching a family video with me as a kid saying something adorable with eyes full of wonder and me thinking ‘do I want it to end like that for this little girl?’ It makes me think “I’m going to stay alive just for her, so that her future won’t be doomed to end this way” 3)  simply what if. They are the main factors. 

Three years ago I was diagnosed with epilepsy and every year I have at least one full on seizure. This year I thought that it wasn’t going to happen and that it’ll improve but alas it happened. It frustrates me because I have this constant worry that one day I’m going to fall down some great height and die when having an episode. Some might wonder “well does it really matter? You want to commit suicide so why the fear?” to which I say “it’s more like I want to go out on my own terms should I actually step up and actually do it.” It depresses me a lot however it depresses me even more so as I complain about it because there are people who have it much worse than I do. I’m in a band too and I just fear that it may one day cause me to have to leave. 

At work, I struggle sometimes to understand and grasp information and tasks and I am convinced this has annoyed my colleagues greatly and I am fearful that I will end up losing my job. It gives me intense anxiety and every time someone approaches me, I just think “oh shit what have I done now?” One day one person approached me to tell me that I need to correct some letters. When I saw it there were a pile of corrections, some of which I couldn’t believe I have messed up on. I suspect that the cause may be that I have ADD but one voice (not in the schizophrenic sense) tells me that I’m just making excuses for shitty behaviour, for being lazy and not listening. It can get frustrating and can make me feel like crying when I’m trying hard to understand something that otherwise is a simple task. In general it frustrates me and is humiliating and making me doubt my intelligence when I can’t seem to understand something. I don’t see myself as intelligent however so there’s hardly much to shed away from whatever level my intelligence is at currently. Maybe that stress along with other things contributes to my seizures being triggered. 

I also have bad hay fever too and it frustrates when I have some sneezing marathon and embarrasses me when it happens around people. I also wonder where that contributes to my seizures but I’m not sure. 

I just don’t understand. I have a job, a boyfriend, a family and a normal upbringing, I’m in a band and I’m learning the drums and the piano. I’m very good at saving money and have enough saved up so that I don’t have to worry about anything financially at this very moment. I like to read and have read 17 books so far this year, and I write and have written a book (not published). Everything seems like it should at least be okay. People tell you to get yourself out there and maybe that’ll help. Do something, and yet here I am trying. I deleted all my social media accounts because that was contributing to my frustrations, anxiety, stress and so on and yet I don’t feel any better for it. Maybe I’m not trying hard enough, maybe the problem is me. Maybe people are just not drawn to me because they feel the negative vibes pouring from me. Yet those same people are probably the same people who say that depressed people should open up to them. call me crazy, but depressed people aren’t exactly going to be filled up with positive vibes when approaching you to vent their problems 

I have problems with my weight. I overeat a lot and I know that doesn’t help at all. I’m trying to lose weight and one annoying thing that happens was that the scales made it seem like I had lost loaaads of weight one week. To make sure it wasn’t a mistake, I weighed myself again and I shit you not, I weighed myself a few times because I just couldn’t believe I had lost that much and the scales literally kept going up until it finally stopped at a point where it ended up telling me that I hadn’t lost any weight. I’m trying to walk everywhere I go, the drumming would definitely help with toning my arms. It sounds like the overeating and not counting everything properly. 

I have crippling OCD that makes me feel like a terrible person. I’ll see some horrible news story and it’ll stay in my mind. Then my mind will make me think “hmm why is that in your mind? Ah it’s probably because you want to do it, isn’t it?” Even though I know I don’t, the voice seems to dominate. I also feel the need to check everything before I go out because I worry that if I don’t I’ll forget something. This wouldn’t be a problem for me and I’d probably get over it if I didn’t have many instances where not double checking and triple checking resulted in me actually forgetting something. 

 Although at the end of the day I’m probably just a hypochondriac who overthinks. 

I get frustrated when I’m learning the piano or the drums and then seeing people saying how they easily managed to learn the song I’m doing. It’s even more so when that person professes to being a beginner. I understand that some people learn things differently but i feel like I should be getting to grips with it at this point. Comparing myself is another issue that I know is wrong but I can’t help but do. 

I hate it when people tell me it gets better ESPECIALLY when it comes to people who are already successful. Sure it got better for you. That doesn’t mean it’ll get better for the person you’re talking to. 
Because sometimes, it doesn’t get better. Sometimes the bullies do win. Sometimes the bullies do become successful and rich. The high school films for the most part are just fantasies that you want to believe in so much but end up disappointing you in the end. Sometimes the people you claim peaked in high school end up being incredibly successful. And I mean good for them I guess. 

I’m trying so hard but sometimes I just feel like going to bed, wrapping myself up and crying. It just feels pointless and it just makes me feel like I’m wasting my time. I never like to feel like I’m blaming anything else but myself. I don’t want to come across as that either. But everything makes me feel like I’m going insane and I don’t want to feel like this. I want to go back to my old self when I was happy and wasn’t anxious all the time and having panic attacks. 

It makes me fearful of having children. The thought that I may end up dooming them to potentially being diagnosed with anxiety and depression or epilepsy terrifies me and if it were to happen, I’d feel guilty since   it’ll feel like it’s my fault.