I think I’m supposed to dieFirst post on reddit.. yaaaay 😂💀💀 well my life hasn’t been the greatest. My mom is a bipolar alcoholic with eating disorders and childhood trauma, my stepdad abused me emotionally, physically, and sexually from age 4-18 and was isolated. I was bullied a lot in school, and despite taking honors and trying my best it still wasn’t good enough. Friends I did have never stayed, and I was always the bad guy in any relationship I had. I’ve been suicidal since I was 8, and I have multiple mental illnesses. I’m 19 and live with my dad far away from my other parents, but I’m so depressed I can’t even get out of bed most days. I haven’t left my house in two weeks because of my social anxiety and bc of that it’s only getting worse. I have no friends in the new town I live in, and I talk with my bff everyday but she lives in the old state and I know I must be so depressing to deal with. Nobody knew I had been sexually abused and i thought maybe if I told my sisters and dad it would get better, but oh my god I feel like the worst person in the world. They’re so depressed now. My dad is so kind and caring and he’s trying so hard but I can tell this is eating him alive. My medications are barely working but I’m scared to go off them now. I can’t afford therapy, and my dad said that I have to sue my other parents or he’s going to kill them. Get this: no lawyer will talk to me. I’ve sent emails to multiple and I only got one phone call in response. Two days they said they’d get back to me but now it’s been a month. I sent an email asking for an update but nothing so far. I had barely cried for 15 years and now I’m crying every day. I tried community college and they kicked me out of my classes bc they were “full” but it didn’t matter anyways bc I couldn’t even afford $500 tuition and got rejected for scholarships. I have no skills, no talents, I’m not smart and I can barely work. My family loves me but I can see clear as day they’d be so much better off without me. I do nothing but bring toxic and sad energy. I cut my arms to feel anything and I feel nothing. It would be so easy. Or maybe I could drive to San Fran, dump my ID and jump off the bridge. It would be so quick and all this pain would be over and my family would be free of me. I’m going nowhere fast and duck maybe I’d be a better angel watching over my family than ruining their lives down here. I feel so abandoned by the world, but I know it owes me nothing and that other ppl have it way worse. I know I’m awful for even thinking this way, for being so ungrateful and unhelpful to my family. My heart physically hurts everyday. I can’t sleep bc of bad dreams. I love my dad and my sisters and my best friend and my cats so much it hurts, but it kills me to see them suffer bc of me. I’ve tried the past two years or work and have positive thinking and spread love to everyone and be kind, but it just kept getting worse. So many wonderful, loved, and talented friends I went to school with have lost their lives and I hate it bc I’m so unimportant yet I’m still here. It shouldve been me because these kids were gonna fucking do something with their lives and theyre gone. I tried, please believe me I tried so hard to get better but it’s all just so bad. I try to sleep so I can’t hear my thoughts, but then I have the dreams. Everyone would be so much better off, and maybe I could finally have, god willing, just one second of a sweet moment of peace. The worst part is I’m so touch starved. I want a hug so bad but I tremble anytime someone so much as touches me. I must have done something awful in a past life, why else would I have gone through what happened to me on a daily?? Old friends/bfs always said I was toxic. Bad Karma happens to bad ppl. So I should die bc bad ppl shouldn’t be on the planet when there’s already so much bad in it...idk Sorry for my rambling, I can’t focus and currently started crying like an idiot djbfkdndkf I just want it all to stop.