Venting outDisclaimer: I made this account for this specific post only. I've never had written here before as I explain it in the post itself, neither as a help-seeker nor as a help-giver.

So, here I am, never did I think I'd end up on this end of the stick. I've always tried to help people, to help them make it, to make them believe in themselves, to make them determined, to be there for them, to hear them out, to talk, to show them there always is someone who cares, even be it a total stranger like me. 

It's been a long road, were I to hazard a guess I'd say I've been doing this for the past 6 years or so. A lot of things happened, I've made few international friends some of which are still grateful  to me, others I don't speak to much more, but they are always there. But never before had I planned to share my own feelings and pains.

You see, I've said that many things changed, but one thing did not. Motives. I've always found helping others out a way to ease my mind, to forget about my own problems. It was like an escape mechanism. I've spent many a sleepless nights just to forget, but it became like an addiction. Every night or so I'd fall into depression, heavy mood swing. I've always felt like a huge disappointment. People said I was an intelligent child, they tried to push me further, to encourage me, but every time I tried and something failed - I felt like a disappointment, like if I failed them.

I've lived my life under one roof with my mother and grandma, father I've met once I think, when I was 19, so a year ago. we've both decided then not to talk to each other anymore and forever part our ways. I have a loving and sweet girlfriend, but I constantly feel like a disappointment, like a failure, like a lesser human being. I've talked to her about it, she always stands by my side, but even though I know she means it when she says I'm not a failure I can't bring myself to believe in it.

Self esteem, eh? Never heard of it I guess... I'm not good at anything, for a long time I didn't find any support from my peers or closest family. Being honest, the only supporter I think I had, and have right now, throghout my whole life is my girlfriend. And she's the sole reason I can't give up, I don't want to be an ultimate failure, to be her biggest mistake, to hurt her.

And this place where I live, small house in the country, away from cities where everybody at the age of 10-20 talks about cultivation of the land on their farm? They don't read anything, they don't watch movies, they have no intrests that I could even remotely share with them. Not only that, they always laughed at me for "wasting my time on the books". I'd love to travel but both family and those nearby neglected my own intrests and dreams - even the smallest ones - always talking about learning, then studying, then finding good job. And you know what, I've always wanted to be a psychologist, to run away from the place I live in, maybe to another country. Hell, everyone besides my girlfriend keeps telling me "Don't study psychology, you won't get a job. Go study engineering, you're so good at maths and physics" etc. etc. I want to run away, to leave everything behind, to begin my journey anew. Only then, I think, I'll be free, I'll feel happiness. Happiness, I don't think I even know how does it feel anymore...

I know it's not everythting I probably want to talk about, it's all pretty shallow. I could go deeper with it but it doesn't matter. Explaining things wouldn't make me less of a failure. I'll go back to talking for - that's the only thing I'm decent at. I'll try to do my best, for those who seek help and someone to talk and for you, Alex, my loved one. I never make promises I may not be able to keep, so I won't say everything will be fine with me. But I'll try.

Edit: I think I've missed out one important thing. I almost never share my problems with others. I'm scared, afraid that they will leave me. That I'll be too much of a weightt for them to support me. That I, who always is there to help, will fail them and will seek help myself... I just don't want them to be sad because of me...