I don't know who I've becomeA few years ago I moved away from my hometown. I had been intensely serious with a girl for 5 years, and had known for more than half of it that she was cheating on me. From mentors and my own mindset I thought if I stayed I could fix it. I couldn't. And when we split it ruined me. Destroyed my self esteem, destroyed my confidence, and made me realize it was all I had placed my identity in. A friend recently who has not known me for a very long time said recently that even from a couple of comments that he could tell I had never dealt with it. 

So I moved, and I was pissed about it. I felt like she had ripped away my right to feel comfortable in my hometown, and had ripped away some solid friendships of mine. But I never dealt with it. 

I began working and living with my brother, and that put a strain on our relationship quickly. Home was work and work was home. So there was no "leave it at work". Things that happened on the business side effected the personal side and vice versa. And yet I never dealt with it. 

Then he got sick, and the world really turned into a psychological hellscape. I couldn't even begin to type out everything that has happened, but it is crazy. To an outsider it would seem unfeasible. A friend of ours lost his wife ten days into their marriage and he moved in with us. And for a while that showed me that my problems were truly quite miniscule to that true pain. He also acted as a witness to some of the crazy shit. Which I am glad for. 

I don't know who I am anymore. I seriously don't. I always held myself in such high regard and judged people pretty harshly for the shit in their lives. Mainly my ex, I judged her so harshly and so constantly for the lying and deceit that she did. And here I am a couple years later and I am not at all any different from her. I've lied, I've stolen, I've made the selfish decisions over and over. I had sex in my sister in laws truck and lied about. I took my brother's Adderall and lied about it. I can't figure out why I've been so compelled lately to be such an utter piece of shit. Like truly a bad person. I've fucked up every good opportunity that has been in front of me for the past three years here and I don't even know how to cope or how to begin to rebuild. That was the whole point in moving here and now I've dug myself into a hole that I don't even know how to get out of. I mean I've fully ruined my relationship with my brother. My sick brother that I have time and time again taken advantage of. Who does that? How did I come to be the type of person that would do that to my own brother?

I want to fix it, but I don't know how. I don't know if staying is the right choice. Or if I need to leave and work on myself. 

I also want to end it all just as badly. I can't help but feel like at 26 it doesn't improve much from here. But I can't stop thinking about how badly that would scar my mom, and my friends. I've sat on the floor of my room all day, just hoping that if I stay still the wave will pass, but I seriously don't know the first step to take to pick up the pieces. 