Where can I find our love..I have nowhere to see who I’ve been as a positive friend and love to the people who were in my life. I have no outlet.. Now I’m not able to take care of myself cause assumed abuse that I let my friends cause to others. Me my girlfriend and friends were attacked for our credibility based on what people want to make of us not for us. Now I don’t know where my love for my self or life where I know I saw good people being taken advantage of by people who said they were more credible because they had what we didn’t. Seems a little fuzzy when we were just trying to be normal and have a way to distance our selves from destructive people who rather say they know then show they know. I know a lot.. and remember more then I’m allowed by people who would take my life with my friends as an affront to who they were as disrespectful disgusting and distracting people.. I don’t know how else to kill myself then to know the people that I loved I lost to they being the people who are corse and abrasive to knowing their lot in how I’ve suffered over these people having a better things to say then the stupid spoop that was raped. No one wants to hear it or care.. over their lives in the real world. My world was destroyed of all the love and respect I have for people.. and it scared me cause people have said I’ve been like this my whole life. Without even ever taking what I know into consideration. Based on it being a trauma responds or delusion. If I could pick anyone else to love.. I’d love the people that come into my life as people not ideas. I have a lot to say about why I love people but it gets made to be delusion. Or something immoral on the grounds that I’d rather abuse them live.. I had a life I was involved in my relationships real friends I knew.. not peers that calm to be friend or people who aren’t either but need something or someone to doubt on. I hope that no one has to ever be apart of what people would make out of you love to say they are more or less damaged then they were or knew ever.