I'm running out of timeI quit my well-paying job a while ago because I hated it so much that it was making me suicidal.  The alarm clock filled me with dread every morning, and every second I spent at work was torture.  I was so tense that I physically jumped whenever someone would come to my office doorway to tell me something or ask a question.

It wasn't quite that bad in the first few years on the job (although it was still bad), but the pressure I was under to perform grew so intense in the last year or so I was there that my mental energy during every waking hour was split evenly between thinking of what to do at work and fantasizing about killing myself.

I finally had an epiphany regarding a certain totally unrelated career path that I was certain I would be better at and would actually enjoy.  After much consideration and research, I steeled myself, went to my boss's office, and quit (politely).  He was shocked, but not as shocked as I was.  After a life of meekness, I had finally done something truly bold.

I felt some fear afterwards, but mostly I was giddy with relief and joy and immensely proud of myself.  I understand how someone might say I was foolish for quitting without locking something else down first, and I agree that would be the case for most people under most circumstances, but I truly believe that if I hadn't quit at that time I would have probably ended up dead within the next few days or weeks.

Telling my boss was the hard part, I truly believed.  Now that I had proven my strength and courage in that particular battle, I was confident that I would be able to perform the next few tasks I needed to do with relative ease.

Before I could begin the extra schooling I needed to jump over to the career I wanted, I clearly needed to inform my family of my plan.  (Family = Siblings and parents.  I am not in a relationship.)  Your loved ones should be much easier to talk to than your boss, right?  I thought this would be true, but it turned out to be a hundred times more difficult.

My social anxiety, which I thought I had dealt a permanent blow with my triumph at work, came back in full force whenever I tried to talk to my family about these things.  I tried to do so many times, but I would always freeze up with terror, unable to make the words come out of my mouth.

I am mortified to tell you that, after an embarrassing amount of time, my family still doesn't know that I quit and want to do something else.  I should have let them know while I was still working there that I was unhappy, but my desire not to disappoint people kept me from doing so.

I cry a lot when I'm by myself due to fear of the future, shame at my incredible weakness, and guilt for becoming a massive liar to my family, which is the last thing I ever wanted to be.

I had a lot of savings when I quit, but of course they can't last forever, and I need to find my strength again soon while my resources are still available.  How do I recapture that strength?  I have no idea.

Obviously I'm suicidal again.  This is the dumbest situation that anyone has ever gotten themselves into.  It feels like I'm stuck in some surreal nightmare that I can't wake up from.

I'm very tired and should go to bed soon, so don't freak out if you try to contact me and I don't answer.  I won't hurt myself this weekend, at least.

Thank you for listening.