Emotional instability.I'm nineteen years old and I am constantly thinking about killing myself. I've always had a low as shit self-esteem and been extremely self-loathing. I compare myself to everyone around me, which I know you guys will tell me is my biggest problem, but I can hardly help it. Many girls suffer from eating disorders because of the domination of super skinny girls in the media. I have the opposite problem of knowing that it's not skin and bones that guys want, but some nice curves. I'm skinny with small boobs and no butt whatsoever, and not to mention a fucking weird looking vagina, and it all makes me want to vomit. I try to gain weight but it goes to weird places like my arms and thighs, not where a woman is "supposed" to accumulate weight. Sure, some guys like smaller bodies but most, if not all guys my age would prefer a more exciting body. I have no hobbies because I have no real interests. I've tried getting into drawing, reading, writing, playing the keyboard, etc, but I always lose the desire to continue really quickly. I've tried several sports and other random activities but never been good at anything. I hardly have motivation to leave my house. I'm driving my friends away because they are all pretty happy and I'm little miss miserable. The only thing I have ever truly wanted is to kill myself. The only reason I haven't is because my mom's mom died when my mom was ten, and the only thing my mom ever wanted was to have a daughter. I know she would feel like she failed as a parent and would immediately give up on life if I gave up. It is so selfish because I should be grateful that someone cares me so much, but all I can feel is resentment about the fact that I feel "forced" to continue living when I don't want to.


I'm sure I sound like a spoiled brat intentionally screwing up my life but I really am just not happy. I don't really know the last time I was happy. I feel so terrified by the surrounding world and what is going to happen to it. I have absolutely no idea what I want to do with my life. Anything I've wanted to major in at college my parents have told me that I will make no money in and that I should consider something else. It feels like they are basically telling me that I need to work my butt off for the next few years to get a job I don't want so that I can work my life away and never be happy. Or if I go for what I do want I'll spend the rest of my life in debt and still never be happy. I just don't understand the point.


Meh and here is the cherry on the cake. I mention it last because it will sound like the real reason for these negative thoughts, but in reality they have been going on since I was a kid and this last event just made it worse. I was dating a boy for about the last two years and we broke up about a month ago. I always felt like he was so out of my league and would wind up leaving me and move on, be much happier, and eventually meet someone way better suited for him. The last part has yet to happen but I know it will eventually, and it just drives me nuts to think about. I know he will just get someone better and that I will never be as immediately smitten as I was with him with anyone else. It sounds so bitter because I do want him to be happy, but it just will feel like a knife in my chest to see him happier with someone else than he was with me. It is like the Death Cab For Cutie lyrics "you can do better than me, but I can't do better than you". I've felt awful about everything since I was in middle school and he seemed like one thing that could turn that around. Obviously that didn't work out and now I am just facing a guaranteed struggle for many months to come and I hardly feel capable of handling it on top of all of my other racing thoughts.


My username is "August15th" because that is when I was planning on ending everything. It is when my summer class finishes and will be right before I move back home. I have a "perfect death" imagined and it requires being in the state I am taking a class in. However, my dad leaves for a new job in a new state next week and that leaves my mom home to deal with it without him, so I don't think I can die even remotely soundly knowing that. I also would not for a second want any blame to fall on my ex, so it is just bad timing all around. 


I would and wish I could just end it. I feel like I will have to eventually if something doesn't change, but I know only I have the power to change. The problem is that I don't know how to or even really want to change things, since as I said I feel doomed for unhappiness later in life no matter what I do. I just wanted to get all of this off my chest. If anyone actually reads it I'll really appreciate it. Feel free to offer advice although I honestly don't know if it will help. 

Another, and possibly the biggest problem of all is that I pick at my skin and can't seem to control it. I do it to my scalp and it causes me to lose a fair amount of hair. It isn't really noticeable yet but I'm afraid it will be eventually. It got really bad this year with my first year of college and a ridiculously stressful year. Meh, the more I think about it, the more I feel like a fucking freak that isn't worth anyone's time.