My latest attempt.Alright, for some back story. Ive been depressed and self harming for a while now. And for the past month or so I have been completely broken, I still am. After losing a friend, who was more than a friend, I was pushed over the edge and have been attempting suicide for the past few weeks. The attempt you are about to read was 2 days ago. By the way, the reason I'm trying to cut my throat for my method is because I want to suffer first. I deserve that shit.
I'm going to tell the story from my perspective because it's easier that way.
Yesterday night after posting I prepared everything, I knew it would be the last time. I prepared blades, notes, emails, everything. When I started, I was a bit scared. But I was also so excited to just be done with everything. The next bit is very graphic, so please don’t get triggered, as I was cutting my throat, I got to the same point I was at a few days ago. But this time I was determined, So I tried to slice everything I could find, every vein I could see. I was using reflection as a method to find them. Towards the end I was very hazy and I don’t remember much but what I do remember is feeling proud. I finally succeeded at something, even if it was suicide.
I woke up sometime later. (not sure how long). With a really shitty headache. And my shirt off… I didn’t take my shirt off. I looked around to see medical supplies, with blood soaked into them. At this moment, I felt even worse, I couldn’t even suicide right. My family found me… Soon after, my brother Brandon came into the room. I was shocked, I didn’t expect to see Brandon visiting so soon, he quietly shut the door and came over to me.
I am going to give you some backstory on Brandon so you can understand our relationship a bit better. Brandon is my hero. He is strong willed, intelligent, wise, and understanding. He is also gay. (like me). Brandon and I are very close, he is the only person who I feel truly understands, he comes at any issues I have completely critically. Which is very great when you are in the mood for a debate on just about anything. Back to the story.
At this point I was panicked, I didn’t want him to see what I have done to myself, so I tried to cover myself, especially on my chest (male), where my carvings are. He grabbed my wrist as I was doing so, I tried to struggle out of his grip, but I was weak from blood loss already. I stopped struggling and watched as he pulled down the blanket and got to work on fixing my neck. There was no conversation. There was nothing to say. The only thing you could here in the room was the quiet breathing of myself and my brother and the occasional yell from me. We didn’t have very powerful painkillers. My family, who is very christian, was at church at the time.
When he finished, he looked at me in the eyes. I’ve never seen this look in his eyes before, It was defeated, broken. At this point, still in a lot of pain, but determined, I asked if he told anyone. He said no, he knew what losing my school would do to me. (I go to an accelerated students program, I’m 16.) At this point he gave me more painkillers and I fell asleep. I awoke a few hours later, with a new shirt on and a hoodie to hide my neck. He told my family I was sick and trying to sleep, so they didn't get too suspicious.
And here we are now. About 12 hours after the attempt. I still haven't talked too much about it with my brother, he is a quiet type. And doesn't speak until he is well informed and feels prepared. If you have any questions feel free to ask.

I dont know why I posted here. I shouldn't bother yall with this. I just want someone to know. This was originally posted on a discord server, so eh. 