I had no idea my son was suffering suicidal thoughts, now I don't know what to do about my jobI feel like I'm in between a rock and a hard place. My son was recently discharged from hospital after threatening to kill himself. I thank God he had the courage and wherewithal to call Lifeline. I feel so guilty that my husband and I went on holidays, and I had no idea he was suffering in silence. I realize from his note it's been a few years, and he said that he planned to kill himself but couldn't work up the courage to follow through with it. But now he is back home and I'm still concerned he is a very high risk. I don't want to go back to work in the new year. But without my income to supplement my husband's, it puts us in a precarious position financially. We need the money more than ever so we can get him the professional treatment he desperately needs. I have a good working relationship with my boss and he will try to be flexible, but my anxiety is through the roof when I have to leave the house for any reason, even for a short time.

I have cried every day, have not slept more than a couple hours a night. Even in hindsight, I can honestly say there was only one small warning sign, which was I noticed he seemed to be somewhat off his food. But I never thought much of it. He is a master of facade and can act perfectly fine in front of others. He said that he would have his breakdowns in the car when driving alone, or during the night.

Poor thing has had a tough life right from the word go. Being autistic, he had to work much harder than average growing up, and said he is exhausted at having to work so hard in life. He suffered relentless bullying at school. But he achieved great results in senior high school and was beginning college. I truly thought he was getting his life in order now but I was so wrong. He said that college broke his spirits completely and felt like an alien. I found out that he had been lying about it for some time, and I don't blame him. I'm not angry, just so sad. I suspect there is a lot beneath the surface that drives his sadness. He's never been on a date, and has few friends. He has a lot of good qualities and it's a shame he is stuck in a shell.