It blows my mind that there are people who don’t think about suicideI’m just venting here so like bear that in mind but seriously it blows my fucking mind that there are people who are actually happy. What is their fucking secret? How is it possible?

I’ve dealt with suicide thoughts for years now and in 2020 they’ve gotten both better because I’m actually going somewhere with my transition... and also worse like I seem to be stuck in this fucking cycle of feeling good then shitty then good then shitty and when I feel shitty I feel so shitty to the point where I wished I could just like not even end my life, because I once nearly brought myself to it but couldn’t make that final push. But sometimes I wished I could just, not exist, not have to live. 

My life is a fucking joke. I’m fat, I’m ugly, I got fucked by being born into the wrong body and no one takes me seriously as a woman because of it, even those who may try to act like they do probably do so out of sympathy as opposed to actually seeing me as me. I fucking hate that I’m trans so much and I’ll never be able to change it, my past is shit because of it, hell even without 2020 being a pile of wank my present is shit because of it and in all likelihood my future will be only just a maybe a bit less shit but still shit because of it and all of this just fills me with so much fucking sadness. And you never get any sympathy for it, gender dysphoria actually makes me want to fucking die when it gets bad and it’s the same with my dysmorphia that plays into it telling me I’m ugly and fat and have the most masculine features in the fucking world and no one in their right mind would want to date me so I’ll just die lonely and alone. No one in their right mind wants to even bother being friends with me since I’m just ugly and awkward and  socially anxious as shit. I’ve dropped out of uni twice because of depression, I’ll never be able to have kids because I don’t have a uterus, my social skills are a fucking joke and the friends I have just fucking blatantly prefer other people. I’ll probably always have money problems so I’ll never be able to afford surgeries that actually would somewhat fix my fucking shitty body. I don’t know what the fuck keeps me around. My parents, my sister and my pets. Maybe my nieces. No one else would really miss me. 

I’m 22 and I feel like I’m done with life so often. I just want to be happy but I don’t think I ever will be.