Why does she make me feel like a horrible daughter?I finally snapped and called my mom out on the different treatment she gives to me (23) and my brother (14). 

Ever since my childhood, she has yelled at me and  hit me when I did things that she didn't approve of. Fair enough. It's discipline, I get it. 

But once my brother was born and the years went by, he was never disciplined in any way. Whatever he wanted, my parents would buy it for him. But back when I was a kid, if I wanted something, I would sometimes get it. 

Lately, I've been noticing how my mom doesn't demand him to do chores around the house like she does with me. Back then (childhood and teen years) if I didn't pick up my plate, help around the house, look after my brother, etc, I would get to yelled at.  If I were to take a nap, my mom would wake me up by shaking me and telling me to wake up and to not be lazy. (She punched me once while trying to wake me up like this)

My brother sleeps every time he comes home from school. He stays in bed all day and plays video games and my mom doesn't tell him anything. But she tells me to do the household chores (and looks angry as she tells me this).

She gets mad at me when I haven't cooked for my brother. My brother is in high school already. I feel like he's old enough to make is own food (I already knew how to cook at age 9 due to my mom working all the time). Plus, he always complains that he doesn't like the food I make, so why even try? 

When it comes to laundry, my mom always asks me to separate the clothes and to bring all the clothes to the car. But she doesn't tell my brother to do it. 

I can go on with all the different treatment between my brother and I. 

And every time I bring it up, she always tells me that I don't even do much and that my brother covers for me so I won't get in trouble. In trouble for what? I don't know. I work and contribute to half of this household. Seems like that isn't enough. 

She always tells me how ungrateful I am for what she and my brother do for me. I feel like I'm never validated or listened to when I express how I feel. I feel like I always do something wrong. Every time when I mention the way she treats me compared to my bro, she always manages to make me feel guilty in the end. 

I want out. I sit for 30 mins in the parking lot at work because I hate coming home. I always imagine driving my car off the bridge I always drive on, and land on the train tracks. I've fantasized walking down the street in the middle of the night and lay on the train tracks. Or jumping off that same bridge. 

I wish I was never born. I never felt like my mom was very supportive of me. She always acts nice when we have guests over, but once they're gone, she's back to the woman I'm scared of. No matter what achievement I accomplished throughout school, it seemed like she never cared. 

 If I'm so ungrateful and useless, then why the fuck am I here? I wish someone would take me out already.