why keep goingI no longer want to live.  I have been dealing with depression and crippling anxiety for almost 20 years.  And, I see no end in sight.  Therapy and drugs have done nothing.  I am tired of feeling like I am spinning out of control.  Things keep getting worse.  I am tried of my mind never stopping.  I am tired of not sleeping.  

I have pushed everyone in my life away.  Anytime I have a chance for a new relationship, I sabotage it somehow.  Usually due to my anxiety causing me to freak out.  When it isn't anxiety, it's the hate and rage and anger that I hide behind.

I am tired of being alone.  I am tired of screwing everything I do up.  I am tried of fighting and losing.  I am tired.  I have made a deal with myself to not do anything until after the holidays.  I have no plans to see my next birthday though.  I have a nice job, house, car.  I have maybe 3 good friends.  When I do this, I might hurt a dozen people.  But, I honestly don't know how many of them care.  I have told a few and they seemed to blow it off.  Why keep going.  I have no light in my life...no meaning or purpose.  I am running out of ideas.  I have tried finding happiness at the bottom of many bottles.  I have tried exercise to the point I am getting ready to run my 2nd marathon.  But, it all feels meaningless.

I don't know why i have waited this long...too scared to pull the trigger.  But, I see no way out.  I feel nothing anymore.  I think about this multiple times a day.  I am planning every detail of it.  I hope to not have my body found.  I am going to this.  I am to a point where I can openly tell people, and I don't care what they say.  I just want to be done with it.  People can tell something in me has changed.  Even my therapist is worried.  But, I don't care anymore.  I am tired of hiding behind a fake smile...fake happiness.  I almost walked out of my last session because it doesn't matter anymore.  I just don't care.

I am half expecting to get fired from my job any day, maybe tomorrow.  And, I don't care.  Just another reason to finally do this.  I just want to be happy, to be close to someone.  But, I have done nothing but fuck things up.  Time and time again.  To the point it feels scripted.  I can predict what will happen, it is just a matter of time.  I always fuck things up.  And, I always will.  I am tired of being fucked up in the head and that causing all of this.  And, no one understands.  Maybe, I am still hopefully for life.  Maybe that is why I am waiting.  Or, letting go to strangers on the internet.  But, every time I see a spark of hope, it's just the fuse to a bomb.  Something will blow up and take me even lower...somehow.

But, I have no faith in anything anymore.  I have nothing left to give.  I have given up.  I just can't fight anymore.  I just want to be done with all life.  Maybe this is my last goodbye.  I don't know.  I just want to go away and never be found.  I am tired...I am done.  I don't know what else to do.