Ew, making a post like this again makes me feel sickI'm just coming back here hopefully one last time to reorganize my plans and give a little ultimatum. 

You see there's just no place for me here. Job, carrier? Wack. Don't give a shit. Dreams? Goals? None. Don't care. Family? Average when not bad. Not important. Friendships? Not really that big of a deal. Don't care don't care don't care.

No matter what I do, i want to keep my dignity and not struggle. If you live struggling you're better off dead because that's not really living. I'm not going to waste my time trying to 'fix' things or do better when I really just don't care. My main idealistic goal would be to stay in absolute isolation for all eternity, away from everything and everyone else, erasing my bad memories of this life and being able to do whatever I want, in terms of my interests. Games, stuff to watch, suff to cook, plants to care for, books, exercise...imagine a little paradise-mansion where you could do whatever you want.

Truth is I'm just detached from reality. I don't like it. I like my own world and my own things. I've gone over this so many times already I don't even feel that bad anymore. I've realized many things and I am mostly at peace.

Gonna go into uni this year. Guess what I felt when I got approved? Nothing. 'Ok'. And when I thought I didn't get in before actually checking my grades to see how they stood? Nothing. 'Aw.' When I chose the subject to go for? Didn't care. I just chose agronomy because it's the most...compatible with me? Actually the only thing I thought about was 'I'm gonna see plants in this so I guess it's cool'. I don't care about a career or dream job or whatever. I just don't.

This year I had my first sexual experience. Grindr. Hookup. Guess what I realized? That I'm not the kind of person who can just sleep around and enjoy themselves. Not mad about that. I'm happy I realized it and am no longer obsessed about having sex. I also reflected and realized I reeaally don't enjoy human men as much as I enjoy furry porn. Real people are boring! They kinda suck. So the true path for me would be a relationship...but probably not, since I don't care enough. And to have a relationship you kinda have to at least care about life up to a certain degree and be ground to reality, and I don't so whatever. 

I'm also gonna do a drwaing course this year. I don't really care about it. Just signed up to have something to do and out of mild curiosity. I don't even like drawing; I tried to learn but then I realized I don't really want to put in the work and although I like art and my imagination is very RICH with many concepts and characters and my own little fantasy world...I don't really want to draw any of it because the whole 'you never stop learning' thing makes me hurl. It translates to 'Oh so you start BAD and still have to draw what you're interested into even tho it'll look BAD and even after years it'll still look bad to you? Wow, pathetic'. one of my admired artists draws porn and they literally said it themselves that they only do it to get some quality porn and can not imagine how someone, anyone, could possibly enjoy the drawing process. I admire them because of their determination. Imagine being so horny you invest time and effort into making good porn. 

So, overall I just don't care. I'm not fit for this reality. I don't like it. Don't like my environment ( country=hot garbage. I'd rather have been born in fucking Nigeria and die of AIDS as a newborn.), my family, my history, don't like it. I don't want to bother and try therapy to 'fix myself' ( even though I am not broken nor damaged ) because I don't believe in therapy and really don't want to try getting brainwashed by a woman/man on their late 20s who's just listening to me because they've been paid to do so. Not to mention THE ANNOYANCE IT WOULD BE asking my family to put me in therapy. Yeah I'm not in the mood to open up to everyone and say I don't give a shit and plan on offing myself eventually because that'd be annoying.

I really really really don't care. All that keeps me going is my day-to-day mindset and little goals I stablish, which most always involve only my own entertainment sources or creative work which I do on a whim. Games, books, anime, series, gardening, cooking, random shit like making a clay sculpture or learning to make wine/cider by myself, stealthly, or having a fun little occult artistic moment by looking up goetic rituals and making summoning circles to summon spirits ( haha that didnt work out, still have the huge circle tho, it's pretty. I also collect incense and plan on buying more occult shit now. I bought a little dragon statuette! He's cute. I also have a tarot deck. very pretty cards. I guess I'm more of a charlatan-type than a real magician. but thats ok. ) or like writing a little story from my imagination ( gave it up tho, realized i couldn't really make the whole thing and got bored and writing is boring and not fit to fully express my imagination and stories ) or...whatever some other random stuff. So in the end all I care is my own entertainment, my own satisfaction, and obeying my own whims and random desires to do things. I really don't care about anything or anyone else and I'm not going to try and struggle for a 'better life' or a 'better me' for a few decades until I eventually die either way. i dont want to go into adult life because that'll just mean ill be forced into an annoying job which will take my time away and i'll live the same boring days away while being annoyed with things like taxes or robberies or scams or whatever, meanwhile my family will be annoying me like they always do and itll get worse and worse until they die off or whatever, and then I'll eventually die of a heart attack or a stroke or cancer like everyone does and suffer horribly till I'm gone and rot away into nothingness. Wow what a load of bs! 

&amp;#x200B;

I have my solution to that! I'll continue on my days, following my perfect day-to-day philosophy to keep myself calm and stable, and not angry about things ( I get upset easily i think, suppose, maybe ), while I do whatever goals I have stablished for the day/week. I'll do uni because I guess I want to see what it is like in this agronomy thing and...I really have no choice I have to do it. Not gonna bother getting a job even though I feel a liiiiiiiiiiitttle bad for being 18 now and still living with my parents, but its brasil not the us so its not like they're mad at ME and are gonna kick me out or something, so I can stay while im doing uni. But Im not really gonna bother with a job regardless because I don't want to and will eventually kill myself anyways so no need to care for that! I'll make money buying weed and selling brownies or something. I know how to get cheap weed with a guy. Don't worry, I'm done using weed myself. But you can make some easy cash with it thats for sure... ;)  Anyway yeah I'll live by my philosophy, do uni and the drawing course ( only 5 months of this one ), meanwhile ill just do my list of things to do ( I actually have a list of both already existant and to-be-released games, as well as series/movies/etc to consume as entertainment ) and play and watch and follow my interests and entertainment sources and whatever i feel like doing, until eventually i'll run out of things to do, hopefully, probably, before uni ends so I'll end it during uni times. There is a very high telephone tower close to my old school ( feels weird to say 'old' since last year I was still ni it ) and it's the most easy place to get into ever, the gate to it can be easily climbed over and there's nothing impeding someone from climbing the tower. I'll just gather my courage ( HOPEFULLY I DONT CHICKEN OUT, I REALLY MUST DO THIS OTHERWISE ILL GET FUCKED OVER ) and climb it one day and jump. It really is not that different from dying from a stroke heart attack cancer or whatever. It's just as painful, but less suffering/duration and I actually get to decide when to die so it's not just a random unhappy surprise like BOOM YOU HAVE A STROKE, DOESNT MATTER IF YOU'RE HEALTHY YOU STILL GOT BAD LUCK AND HAD IT ( I Do have really bad luck too, used to feel like God was out to get me but there is no true god or there is but he doenst really give a shit, so its just bad luck),  HAVE SOME BRAIN DAMAGE HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHA. 

Anyway yeah thats the idea. I want to go out on my own terms and keep my dignity. No matter what you do or who you are you have to stick to something right? No one likes a quitter. I certainly do not. There is few or no things I disdain the most than those pathetic people who are 'struggling', then fail and give it up and cry about it. Those who get up also annoy me, but only if it seems to me that they're really just not doing shit. I don't like the 'if you fall get yourself back up' mentality when its so fucking overused. I  reallY HATE THE INTERPRETATION OF LIFE AS 'A SERIES OF FALLS'. IF THAT IS SUPPOSED TO BE THE TRUE DEFINITION OF LIFE THEN I'D RATHER BE SHOT RIGHT FUCKING NOW BECAUSE THAT IS A DISGUSTING, PATHETIC VIEW. I guess it's alright to mess up sometimes. But to live constantly failing miserably? That's pathetic. Get a grip buddy! You're doing something wrong. If you fall and get up once, alright! But fall too many times! Look at yourself buddy you're COVERED IN MUD! yeah get up, get up and GO HOME AND WASH YOURSELF. AND STAY THERE. 

So weird metaphor right, but im trying to say that I really don't feel like ruining what mental stability I have conquered for myself through experience and my mindset by trying to 'fix myself'. Imagine all the fucking work I have to do. And in the end, no one can help me. Other people can't help others. So in the end it only comes down to yourself. If you want help you have to do it yourself. And I don't! I'm already 'helping' myself by this plan. 

I got bored of writnig this. will stop around here. I hope i get some replies, even if it doesnt really matter what anyone says because you can only say so much with your 'support', and you don't really care that much about any people and their posts here because its the internet and we're all dettached. But I like attention. 

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;