"To be or not to be, that is the question;Whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune, or to to take arms against a sea of troubles, and by opposing, end them."


Sorry for the cliche, I couldn't help myself. I just need to rant, if for no other reason than to distract myself. I am 24 and have been depressed pretty much every winter (I have SAD) for as long as I can remember (the first memory of wanting to commit suicide was when I was 8 begging my mom to let me jump out the 3rd floor window to just end it). I'm on medication, have tried several, even homeopathy and 'natural' shit blah blah blah. It just feels so inevitable, it's like clockwork, something inside my brain just goes wonky and I spiral down into this emotional pit where the pain of existing is often measured in milliseconds. And even when I'm not technically depressed during the summer time, if I think about anything philosophical I'm reminded that I really *should* kill myself (according to my personal philosophy, which I won't bore people with), and this gets so much worse in the winter when I'm drawn to think about philosophical/existential questions. So why stretch the suffering out, if I'm inevitably going to hit the bottom of that pit and muster up the courage to actually kill myself? I have no friends, and when I get out of work I have no energy to go meet people (I'm an introvert even when I'm not depressed). I admittedly have an awesome boyfriend, but he lives across the country, so I'm still basically alone, and I hate it when I bog him down with all my emotional crap (same goes for my parents).


I'm not even particularly suicidal/in pain right now, but I just feel so tired of it all. I got two bottles of Zzzquil™ today, ostensibly so I could actually get some sleep for a change, but now I can't stop fantasizing about drinking them both. There's no guarantee that it would work (and it'd probably be rather painful), but I'm not sure why I should even care if I fail.


I've been doing stupid morbid shit like googling suicide statistics. I think I could be an outlier for most of them, which gives me a strange sense of satisfaction.


Anyway, I'm sorry for all the emo.