I can't tell them, so i turned to a group full of strangersEver since i was little, before my father passed even, which was 8 years old, i was told to keep my feelings to myself, i'm not worth people's time and worry. I'm not worth the comfort and the kindness, and i've grown to believe so more and more recently. Today marks the 5 year anniversary of the day my dad , who committed suicide as well, was taken off life support. the day he truly was gone, forever. he was the one stable figure in my life, the parent who i was able to go to when my mother was gone, or taking care of my little brothers. he's gone now. i still struggle to come to terms with it, and i still blame myself. The abuse, i deserved it. My mother leaving for a year. i deserved it. 

it was all my fault.

No one would care if i left, if i was gone forever. The one person who has me holding on, is my boyfriend and im starting to think that i'm driving him away , like i did with everyone else. I shut people out, to make the pain easier to deal with . Because i'm not worth the worry they show, or the words they speak to me. to sprinkle onto the suicide sundae, the bullying wont stop. i'm the tweaker, the weirdo, tranny, faggot, the outcast. Im seen right through at school, those kids are telling me i'm better off dead just like my family does.  Im a dissapointment, for wanting to be accepted, i made my grandma leave us, people hate me for just existing as a transgender man. 

I won't ever be the cis male i want to be. I'm always going to be a woman biologically and no matter how hard i try , i can't come to terms with it. I won't ever be able to get on hormones , due to my mother. i cant pass, people degrade me for existing . I'm stuck in a body that is. not. mine. the surgeries will never happen, the future i want doesn't exist.

I numb, i can't even feel anymore, even when i'm laughing there's a part of me tearing my insides apart, like some kind of beast trying to escape through my mind. i wish i wasn't this fucked up, i wish i didn't snap at them, i didn't put holes in those walls or make those people leave. I don't want to tick anymore, i don't want to have these outbursts and breakdowns. i wish i was comfortable in my own body, i wish i could just be accepted. I wish i was normal, and stable and *okay.* but that'll never happen, no matter how much i medicate, no matter how long i try to go on.

I've failed three times, because i was a pussy. i wont this time. i have the pills. i have the time. tonight. while everyone's asleep. im fucking ending this numb, worthless hell called life. finally. 

i hugged my friends, i made sure they wouldn't worry, he'll be okay without me. my little brothers are gonna be okay. my mom won't care, and that's fine. it's okay, if no one cares, cause i'm gonna be free, and happy after tonight.

so this is goodbye, 

thanks reddit for giving me a place to put this.