Therapist cancelled online visit, I don't know whyI don't know what to do now. Getting this out helps, but its not the same as talking to someone. I don't think I can trust online therapy. I don't know if I could make an appointment with a local therapist. And I know others on Reddit have been put on waiting lists. My online therapist was filled up at least a week in advance. I don't have anyone I trust to ask for help. Other people deserve help more than me

This is the mess I made when I started writing this. Tried to format it to be readable. I don't know if its worth reading

I'm too scared or angry or in despair to find out why it was cancelled. She gave me her number, I should just ask. I don't know if I can trust anyone. I thought I was going to be better. The first visit had me feeling so good. That was last Wednesday, and things have slowly been getting harder. I was really looking forward to it, made notes and everything.  I had been thinking about it all week. I needed help figuring out everything going on right now. I know I need to talk about my family. I wanted to learn how to talk to and connect to people without driving them away from being too into the relationship too early. I've been trying to care about people all week. I've been exercising, and I want to find a pcp to help me lose weight and take care of my health. 

Her last appointment went over, but that was ok, more chance to gather my thoughts. I was happy when it seemed about to connect, and then I got a message saying it was declined. I expected a message for an explanation, nothing. She has my number, I texted her after last week to make sure it was right. She probably had another patient that needed help, or was tired after a long day. I should ask, but I don't know if I can trust her. 

I spent an hour lying in bed afterwards, crying and moping and just staring at the wall. Near the end I moved to mantras. You can't be helped. You don't deserve any help. Things were supposed to get better, they're never going to get better. You don't deserve to be better. Why can't it get better. I want to die.

 I composed a suicide note to a friend in my head. She's my supervisor, and me dying would be hard for her. So many of my hours to fill, and she was counting on me helping her cover other hours. I planned to do it after my last shift on Monday. She also has her own problems with anxiety, and I don't know what it would do to her. I thought I could help her with her anxiety. I thought she could help me, or at least by helping her I would be helped. 

She's been distant this week, I was probably trying to to be too close too soon. I thought I could share anything with her, and she shared a lot with me. I told her about being attracted to a man at work, and that I've never told someone anything like that. Maybe that was too much. I'm also attracted to her, but put it out of my mind, because I need friends more than anything else. Maybe I changed how I treated her too much, maybe backed off too far. Maybe she's just stressed over her health, and her finances, and her long distance relationship. I'm trying to be supportive, but I don't know how, and maybe its driving her off. I'm hurt, by my friend, by my therapist. And its probably not their fault. They don't even know I'm hurt. I'm terrified of scaring off my friend. I'm scared of finding out I shouldn't have trusted my therapist. Everything online is easier to start, but the distance makes it easier to end. I don't deserve to be helped.