Please help.Before you read this, please understand that I am not trolling or exaggerating. I seriously don’t know what to do.

Ever since I was young, I have had awkward or strange daydreams. Once I thought I was a god, teeth falling out of my mouth, being chased by bear, et cetera. These weren’t always negative though, mostly positive. But these always only had me being affected-but recently (as in the last 3-5 years) not so much. 

In third grade, my cousin killed himself and my mind created an elaborate story that he murdered someone exactly like him, and ran away. He was eventually caught and sent to prison. So we just never talked about him. Eventually I grew out of this, but his suicide manifested into a large part of my worldview. Death did not only effect people, but was okay.

Since then, these daydreams have become extremely violent. Hanging, stoning, suicide, murder,  bullying, mob violence, great sadness, and more have become normal for these when I am in a negative mood.

If it’s happening to me, I accept it in tears. If it’s happening to someone else, I laugh and enjoy their misery. Is this normal. I really hope this is me just overthinking and trying to create problems that aren’t actually problems. I know I do that I’m sorry.

When I’m in these moods I generally do you feel like I could actually do these or I/they deserve it. I shake and laugh out loud and have a deathly smile. I understand how horrible this is during the day dream, but I can only laugh and enjoy the show.

Hahahahaha. I should just shut up, and fucking slit my throat. Hahahahaha.

I remember in eighth grade I had one where I killed myself and watching on my friends and family cry made me so happy and laugh so hard. I wanted to drown myself so much in the toilet like the shit I am. 

And just tonight, just before I decide to write this, I had one where, ha ha, I thought it be funny to try to hack all my friends and enemies and freak them the fuck out. And give subtle clues to where and went I would kill myself after I was done with all this. Then jump off the bridge into the river, leaving a fascinating story for people to uncover and leaving everyone feeling scarred. So beautiful. 

I imagined ruining a friendship between two people I’m jealous are so happy together. And I hoped in that fantasy that one of my friends would kill herself. Imagining all the blood come out of her neck made me laugh so hard I couldn’t stop. And imagining her best friend trying to get her to wake up with all the light faded out of her eyes, so hilarious!

This is really messed up isn’t it?

TL;DR: i’ve been having really fucked up thoughts recently. I’m OK at the moment.




