This is it. Thanks for everything.[Dont bother and read all this, I just needed a place to write this down I guess]


Thanks for everything reddit, this is it, I am 23 and soon it will all be over.

This morning shortly after my mother and her boyfriend left with the dogs, without saying goodbye, as usual, I took my laptop, external HD, money and some papers and left. 
Left the few clothes I had behind, hated them anyways. I dont have much personal things or anything of value. The only things I have right now is my laptop, my phone, the clothes I wear, my car, ~€2000 and lots of debt. Tomorrow I am going to sell my car which should give me another €1000, go to the airport and take the next plane to, probably, Ibiza. Live there until I run out of money, rent a car, park it somewhere on a cliff watch my last sunrise and die. I am pretty excited tbh, this will be my first vacation is 7 years and I am going to fly for the first time in my life. Hopefully it is going to be the best time of my life so I will die at least somewhat happy.

I know, this is a pretty radical decision, but it is the best for everyone. There is no hope left for me. No amount of psychological help or drugs is going to fix me, make up for my messed up childhood, give me a loving family or the love I have never received, give me an college eduction, pay off my debt or all the other things I don't want to bother you guys with it really is too much to write down. I am not going to slave away at a job far below my potential or something like that. Not to sound arrogant but my survival instinct isnt that big I guess. 
The last 5 years have been hell, and it wont get any better soon, and even if the last 23+ years are going to haunt me for the rest of my life. I dont want to live a live I am not proud of anymore. I have suffered more than enough.
I hope the few friends I have will forgive me, planning to send them an apology letter but I am sure they will understand and can cope with it. I also hope that you guys find peace sometime, I know there is hope for many, if not the most, of you. 

I have another 24 hours or so to think all this through, but I am pretty confident that I made a decision, the right decision. 

Thanks for everything reddit, I wish you all the best, goodbye.
