What does it feel like to be loved?I'm in my 30s and I dont think I have ever really been loved, plutonically or otherwise. I have been liked, tolerated but never loved unconditionally. When people say to me "think of the people you would leave behind", it just makes me want to accelerate the process. The longer I wait to do it, the greater a burden I place on people who ultimately would be happier if I wasnt around. Any bad feelings they experience if I die would be because they are reminded of their own mortality or maybe because they pity me. It wouldnt be because they felt more than a fleeting sense of love towards me.  

When people say their existence is pointless you can usually point to reasons why it isnt. My existence is objectively pointless. Everyday is an exercise is an excercise in sucking it up and pretending I am not alone on this planet or that one day it will all change. Everybody around me knows I am a chronic under achiever and a waste of resources, and they can tell that my self improvement strategies are like painting lipstick on a pig.  

The last time I crushed like this, i found reddit. I read about guiding my energies into self building activities like working out, eating right, picking up hobbies, meditating etc. i did all these things religiously and I even met someone. I thought i had finally turned a corner, that I was now an "ordinary" person and not some societal outcast. Then this person made it clear to me that how pointless all my new activities were. He saw clearly that they were coping strategies for empty people. He laughed at the meditating, he thought the working out was daft when I am already a small woman with no curves (I am from a country where curves tramp slender, all day every day). He wome me up to what people were really saying and thinking about me. i used to jog every morning but I realised I was getting sneers and no I didnt imagine that. So i began to run after sunset. But even then I realised that the security guards in the complex had began to gossip about this "crazy nightrunner" who is already too thin to be working out. Then i began to just take walk up and down the stairs every hour, as a break from my work but that began to attract attention too. Now I my work out comprises of stepping on and off my foot stool. I'm getting flabby which should be good except my fat distributes on my stomach so I will never ever meet peoples body expectation for curvy. I cant meditate anymore and when I try I just remember at my ex laughing at it. I havent held a job in over a year, I subsist on online contract work and my retired parents to pay rent. I cant afford meds much less therapy. I sometimes try to follow youtube CBT and DBT classes but its so awful to be doing them alone and consistency is not a strength of mine. Which brings me back to how does it feel to be loved. My parents have made their disappointment very clear, they never liked me very much growing up but this pile on of fails in my thirties has pushed them over to the point of resentment. I am in my mid thirties, unattached, childless, incapable of holding a job and barely scratching out an income to support myself. I am truly a waste of oxygen.  

If you are in your twenties or younger, you still have time to turn it around so hang in there. Theres no chance I can suddenly build a career, a family or a life at this age after all the starts and stops I have had. I am not a late bloomer, I am a never bloomer. I need to stop typing and start preparing for my check out. I just regret never knowing what being unconditionally loved felt like, thats all.