I'm whats wrong with my lifeI am turning 30 later this year, and I feel like I'm going against a time limit. As I wrote this, I am trying my best to find any silve linings in my life, but all I am coming up with is failures.

  


I had the love of an amazing and beautiful girl, and because I didn't appreciate what I had, she is gone. She flat out told me she would rather die a slow and painful death than consider dating me again. I wasn't the best to her in high school, and I burned my chances to make things right. It was too little too late.

  


Despite that, she still tried to help me when my life fell apart. I try to pay her back, but I fuck up everything I touch because I'm horrible with money. I try to get better, and the pandemic hits, and I'm down below half my hours. The rental company is no longer willing to do monthly payment plans, but nobody is working. I'm scared I'll be homeless in a few days, and its not even myself I am afraid for.

  


I have 2 dogs who I love, but I don't even know that I could say that I've given them a better life than some other family. I don't know that they will miss me. One of them doesn't seem to care too much about me either way. She will be fine.

  


  


I've tried to get a better job, even miserable work if it would pay for me to try to get ahead. But as I scrape my way along, rent goes up. I turn to things because I can't manage to hold onto friends, and just slide back from any progress I've made getting out of debt.

  


I can't think of anyone who is better off by me continuing to breathe. I can think of someone who might still have a shot to get things together if I wasn't in the picture. I have nobody, and I can't think of a reason why anyone should love me. I'm not sad, even. Just sort of accepting it. Rivers flow, birds fly, and I'm hanging myself before I turn 30. I hate that I am still scared of it. What if something better is around the corner? Yet I know I will destroy it too.

  


People say call a hotline, but those people don't care. They are paid by the hour, just like me. My own therapist only cared so long as I had money, and when I couldn't continue to see him due to work changing insurance, nobody reached out to see if I was alive, despite me being flagged a suicide risk.

  


It just feels like I've run my course. I had a good try. Well, a try at least. But I just feel like this is it, everything I touch turns out wrong and misshapen. I can blame the universe, but in the end, its all me. It always has been. Lowest common denominator and all that.

  


For those of you that took the time to read this, I'm sorry. I don't know what I expect to come from this. I feel like there are knives in my chest, and I want to tie a rope around me neck and tighten it until it hurts. I just needed to put my thoughts to words.