Life is too much for me. I'm just scared of suicide.I'm writing about myself in the hope to find that I'm not the only person suffering with this and that these problems can be overcome with the right treatment. I'd love to hear about other people similar experiences and how they have coped themselves.

I am male, 19 and have been 'zoning out' a lot of the time. To describe it, it's like staring past an object whilst my thoughts are of little importance to what is happening around me. Or as if my brain can't process the given information so it shuts down for a while to recover.

I only noticed this last year when I first moved away from home to study at university living in shared accommodation. I began to struggle in social situations as I would just tune out and not realise I had done it. I have been told to "wake up" by my friend who was watching tv with me. I had no recollection of what we were watching and suddenly came out of the trance like state feeling embarrassed and confused. Since then there have been further instances when I have involuntarily switched off from the world around me, which really frightens me! And must frighten others too!

I believe responsibility for this condition lies within my past traumatic experience as a child. My mum got bad depression and was hospitalised because of it, she tried to kill herself three times, I was present at one of her attempts when I was 8 years old. The memory of this has become ingrained in my head. Loosing her was horrible but I never cried about it, it's just numbed me. I feel angry when I think about it and never shed a tear when I visit her grave on Mother's Day, because her actions have totally messed me up mentally to a point whereby I feel living is too much to bare.

Since then my dad re-married and I lived with her and her kids until a year after when he got diagnosed with MS and year after that, she left, rubbing salt in the wounds. He is almost wheelchair bound now and it kills me to see him in such a bad way after knowing he was so physically active before all this.

I've become increasing depressed, lonely and fed up with life. I split up with my girlfriend in February after a 2 and a half year relationship, and have no plans to speak with her or start seeing anyone. I tend to just switch off from the world but physically I'm still there. I hope that I have described this well enough and I hope that it can be treated. I am living in constant mental pain and unfortunately, death seem like an appealing option for me at the moment. 

I want to take my own life so badly, but I'm afraid of failure. Facing my family in a hospital feeling total and utter shame. 

I appreciate you taking the time to read this.. I'm just done with it all.