I want to die, but I don't know if I can go through with itI’m posting this here because I’m not sure who I want to talk to, if anyone. I’ve been struggling with depression for a little while now, probably 2 months, though looking back I realise it was a pretty steady decline over more than a month. After a while I isolated myself and haven’t seen many people. I don’t enjoy anything anymore; everything seems like work. I keep thinking about suicide – how would I do it, should I do it, how bad could it be? I have a plan but it’s not very good, but today I came very close to going through with it. If my family didn’t exist I’d probably not be here right now, but I’m not sure I could put them through that. Fundamentally I think I’ve realised that I just don’t want to be in control of myself anymore, but I don’t want to face the consequences for anything. I don’t want to exist, but I don’t want to do something that I’ll have to then explain. I just want to die peacefully, now.

I also don’t really want to talk to anyone. I’m tired of talking to people. I want someone to drag these feelings out of me, to show they care. I don’t want to burden someone with this if they don’t want it. I went to the doctor yesterday and spoke about some of what I was feeling, but I wasn’t very forthcoming and I don’t want to go back and say that I didn’t tell the whole truth about how I was feeling. A lot of places recommend calling some kind of service, and frankly that sounds terrible to me. I don’t want to call anyone or speak to them on the phone. I guess some of it is that I don’t want to help myself. I don’t care, and trying to help myself just sounds like work.  It would be so much easier just to end my suffering. I don’t really know what to do.

I don’t want to talk to any of my friends because I worry that I’ll just get a barrage of questions and judgements that will just make me feel worse. It’s why I haven’t spoken with all but one of them in weeks. I suppose I don’t really know what I want, but maybe you can help.