Happiness is a leather beltMy girlfriend left me the other day. I came home and her things were packed. Her car was packed up. We had been having problems, and there was tension, but I was still surprised. I'm bipolar, which I had under control with the help of meds, but her leaving and how she left triggered me worse than I have been in years. I feel absolutely terrible, like my insides are cold, like I'm neck deep in cold water. I know it's all a physical reaction to being manic, but it's still hard to deal with it. Ending everything is a very comforting thought. In fact, it's taken over my thoughts the past few days, and I've decided to to do just that, end everything. 

When she left she said she was leaving for 6 weeks but maybe permanently. It feels different this time. It feels like she's really gone. There is a feeling of disconnect. I feel like I lost her. She said a few little things as she was leaving, and after she left, that made me think she's just trying to draw it out because she wants to see me get on my feet more before taking away any sense of hope I have with her. I lost my jobs due to the pandemic. I'm financially ruined. I have nothing, especially now since she's gone. It's just not worth it. I'm trying to convince myself not to end everything now and to wait a little while, see if I can give it a few weeks or maybe even the 6 weeks she mentioned, but she's already gotten frustrated with me since she left and told me she was done. When that happened I was texting her too much when she asked for space, which I stopped doing. I don't text her at all now. I sent her a sweet message early yesterday that she ignored, but I'm just letting her be, like she asked for. 

I really don't wanna wait 6 weeks to be told what I already see now, that she's gone. I just wanna hang it up. I keep thinking about going to Target, buying a solid leather belt, getting a pad lock, and coming home to put the belt in the door with the padlock on the end outside of the door; just how good that would feel. I'm 100% going to hang it up if she doesn't come back. It's just if I can wait 6 weeks to see if she will or not. Her birthday is in 3 weeks and I'd really like to do it then, but it feels cruel to do it on her bday. The way things are unfolding with the pandemic, my relationship ending, and the real possibility that I could be homeless after the holidays... I just wanna do it while I still have a roof over my head and a bathroom door to wedge a belt into. 

I overdosed on hard drugs and had a stroke a few months ago. This happened when she and I had some problems and she went to her Mom's for awhile. The right side of my face has muscle and nerve damage. She doesn't know about the overdose. I only told her that I had a muscle spasm. I just couldn't take how I was feeling. It wasn't about the drugs. I only took drugs to numb the pain. I can't actually take how I'm feeling now. I pocketed 8 Benadryl when I left the house this morning. I planned to only run a few quick errands and then take the Benadryl as I was getting home, so I could time up passing out soon after I got home, but some other errands came up and I couldn't take the pills. I used to take Benadryl years ago when I was depressed, just enough to pass out, so I could turn things off in a sense. Well, those 8 pills are staring me in the face now. 8 Benadryl and a Moscow Mule won't do much of anything, except maybe take the edge off, but I could really use that right now. Just to help me get a few hours of rest to distract myself from everything else. I can barely sleep otherwise when I'm manic. 

I understand why people kill themselves. It's a struggle. Every day it can be a struggle. I understand not wanting to struggle anymore. I don't wanna struggle anymore. It's like, the person who gets sentenced to X amount of years in prison...they know how their life will be in there and probably after there. If they make a conscious decision to not take that path...to end their life because they don't wanna spend years in jail, lose loved ones, be homeless when they get out, struggle to find a job or whatever... I get it. If you take jail out of the equation then some of those same limiting circumstances often apply to other people as well, so again, I get it. I know, I've turned off bad movies before they were over. You've probably turned off a bad movie or maybe walked out of a theater too because you don't need to see how it ends. You'd seen enough.