My Family Makes Me Wanna Kill MyselfI've been thinking about killing myself wince I was 12, but I honestly had strong thoughts about ceasing to exist at around 9 or 10. At 12 I started cutting myself and was sexually abused by a "boyfriend" at the time. This prompted me to be disowned by my grandmother, who now stalks me heavily to the point of even moving close to where I live and finding out what college I go to. 

She beat me my entire childhood up until that point. My dad used to be an on and off alcohol abuser and currently has 2 DUIs, and had to get a breathalyzer installed in his car. He's largely been mentally absent in my life, and is oblivious to all this abuse.

My mom, on the other hand, is a different beast altogether. She'd beat and abuse me too as a young child, constantly hitting me and yelling at me for the most minor infractions. However as I grew up she stopped and started acting all nice. However, she gave me a 45 minute lecture when I came out as bisexual about how bisexuals didn't exist and how I wasn't bisexual, then gaslit me and said that never happened and that she thought I was saying that I was a lesbian. She's threatened to kick me out of the house or cut me off from financial support a few times now. And because of her divorce, gets constantly angry whenever I spend money around my dad or if my dad spends any amount of money on me (whether that be necessities or gifts.) Then instead of using adult words to her ex-husband, shames me for at all associating with him, despite her imploring that I carry on a relationship with him. 

It saddens me that I'll have to stay in contact with my abusers and neglectors for the forseeable future, and it makes me wanna commit suicide all the time. The thoughts never go away, they never have. They've gotten better over time, but now they're getting worse since I'm in college and know I can run away from all of this, but I simultaneously cannot. I know that more than likely I'll have to be connected with my parents for the next few years at least, and I just wanna end it all. 

They wouldn't even miss me, and I'm a constant burden on their life. I just want the suffering they brought upon me to end.