On the verge.So I just finished writing my suicide letter and I'm pretty sure at this point nothing can stop me from killing myself. This battle is quite tiring. I am slowly succumbing to the pain. I am tired of living. My suicide letter is kind of messy. I don't think I could ever let someone read it but I'll post it here— because maybe it's better for strangers to know rather than the people I know. To be honest, I just don't know where to put it. I know to myself that I don't owe the world an explanation for my untimely demise anyway.  

If anything happens tonight. I'm sorry.

I've always sucked at goodbyes. I don't really know where to start but all I can feel is this heaviness inside my heart. should I say sorry? I don't get why I should apologize? why would I say sorry if the pain was too much for me to handle that's why I made the decision to finally kick the bucket? selfish? me? maybe I am selfish for going where no one can follow but I owe the world nothing.

Pain and heartbreak were the only constant friends that I had left. sure, I had food on my mouth. damn, I should be thankful for having a roof on my head and a bed I could sleep at but all of this doesn't console the tragedy that life gave me. it pains me every day to see everyone I love to find happiness— which was something I could never find during my stay here. I don't understand why I should say and be fucking sorry for feeling this low. I am tired of waking up and feeling the weight of the world on my shoulders. 

No one knows how many birthdays wishes were made for wishing that I should die. No one understands how much I try to hide every single pain because I am tired of people looking at me in pity. I can't tell my mom. I can't tell anyone. I have no one. I just want to get over with. I cried the all of the pain away and yet it lingers. It remains. I'm sorry but this is the only way where I'll be able to find peace. Let me go. What difference does it make if you wish I stayed? Should I continue to live the life full of suffering? I'm tired of waking up every morning without any reason to. I'm tired of pretending that I am doing well when in fact I finally snapped. 

To my parents, Thank you for this experience. Life was pretty painful. I'm sorry if I'm your kid. You both deserve a better kid. I'm sorry you had me. I wish you both nothing but happiness. I'm sorry for being a burden.

To my friends, Thank you for making the world a bearable one.

To that someone that I never met, I wish you nothing but genuine happiness.

To who is reading this, thank you for taking the time.