It will never get betterI am the distant node on the network with one easily snipped connection, I cannot maintain even a single friend or a normal relationship and I destroy my support network every year or so on average. There is no way to change my personality and baggage. I dont think I could maintain a spouse or raise a child. My moms friend has a sister with bipolar who is the family secret, she works at CVS with my kid brother at age 50. I think that’s all that’s in my future. For some people, it actually never does get better and sometimes bad decisions that lead to unacceptable consequences are irreversible, and the dark path in the maze never leads to an exit. [TW] I eill always be the fucked up mind with scars covering my thighs for any person who dares get close to see. My ego is dead along with my will to try and find a sense of self respect and confidence. No matter how sweet it may be going, the rattling anguish will return and I will see the filth that I am pretending not to be. And I will make more and more mistakes and lose more and more people or chose to let them pass by because they could never handle what I’m like.  I am a charity case and a waste of life. I lpve my parents too much to take action bht I’ve known the bottom of this well for 5 years or so now and eventually it’ll wear me down to the bone, all the way through. I feel like a sped who needs an aid to perform day to day tasks or a manchild (but female) that lives with their parents and shelters away from reality. People don’t like me, get sick of me, drift away from me. My highschool has had 5 people kill themselves within the past 3-4 years. One boy was popular, partied, liked by many and was widely celebrated with a genuine love and grief. One boy was autisic and an outcast, allowed to tag along but talked about once he went home. When he died, people feigned remembrance out of procedure, obligation, and generalized empathy but he was not genuinely remembered. Some people quietly said it made some sense or was less shocking than the other boy, and the reality is some people aren’t as missed as others. If I eas the name being passed arounf it would be a whispered, detached act of circulating the latest news as I’ve seen done for will. 4 different therapists have failed to instill hope or change my world view, drugs/‘medication’ are just a form of ignoring reality. Mental illnesses like BPD are often resistant to treatment, there is no form of permanent, effective healing or help. Every chance I have to reinvent myself I fail to take advantage of, i spend all the “good old days” of hs and now college alone and disturbed, at varying depths of suicidal thoughts and age inappropriate teenage angst. My sadness is oftrn mixed with anger and annoyance at others which is an incredibly toxic mix lol. Literally in the middle of this my emotions switched and I feel like joking about this shit I’m in and feel like I’m being super dramatic. I am so lost as to how to control my erratic mental instability and maintain a social life which gets me down. I appreciate any help even though it will “probably make me feel worse to read useless advice saying to do stuff I’ve already tried” (I know this is an annoying bad attitude but I’m gonna keep this part in so people know how I can get)... you can probably tell I’m mentally ill but if you know the best diagnosis for these symptoms let me know! Sometimes i think I have aspbergers because I avoid eye contact and stim my hands and have social anxiety, sometimes I think its adhd because I’m bad at focusing and have a lot of nervous energy, sometimes I think it’s bipolar since I have incredibleranges of moods, sometimes I think bpd but I dont really relate to the splitting aspect, I know Im depressed and anxious but there’s a lot more mixed in here hahaha lmk