Intense physical abuse need helpI need help immediately and have no idea where to go.
to give some backstory: i am a 16 year old boy, currently in 11th grade and going to take my SATs soon. 

as such my grades are extremely important and i need to do well on my SATs
my parents are INDIAN and very very obsessed with my grades. i am in all AP/honors classes and i get decent grades (a/bs). i think its important to note that they are indian because where they are from beating children is a normal and ok thing to do

for over 10 years, my parents physically beat me for hours on end when i do something they dont like. recently, when i study less than they want me to they do things like slapping my face, hitting my body, kicking, etc. they also come into my room and block the door so i cant escape. this happens every 2 weeks or so

usually they leave me crying after abusing me like this, and after they cool down they act all sorry and happy. it used to cheer me up when i was younger, but now i know its just an act and in a week or two they are going to do it again.

the thing is, i feel like i am not doing things very wrong. i study for 4-5 hours PER DAY, and while i love to play video games i only play it after my schoolwork is done for the next day.

i am posting this after a very brutal incident of this. i did some sat practice in the morning and then i decided to play some video games since i have the day off tomorrow. this is not enough for them and they repeatedly yelled at me before beating me again. luckily i managed to escape to my room and i am typing this from there.

a lot of my parents anger stems from the fact that i like to play video games. they say that it is the cause of all problems and if i didnt play then i would be a perfect student. they dont understand that my stress comes from a fear of them..............

other sources tell me to call the police, but i dont want to do that. what will the police do?? will they take me away from my family?? even though i hate my parents i still depend on them

PLS help i dont know where else to go..........................i have considered suicide but tbh i dont even know what to do