Two WeeksI've got my method lined up, but put aside for now.  Only thing I'm not sure of in regards to that is location...I don't think I want to force my parents to clean up my brains, but I haven't decided on another place to do it.

I feel hopeless, and I'm giving myself two weeks to find some hope - as is, things look bleak.  I'm way overweight and I can't stay motivated enough for long enough to do anything about it.  I'm ugly as fuck, but there's nothing I can do about that.  I feel like I'll always be alone, and my history validates that belief (anyone who has, for some unknown reason, cared for me...I've run off and made hate me - nowadays, though, no one seems to have any reason to care for me anymore).  I don't need today to remind me that no one wants to be with me, and no one will ever want to be with me, and I've accepted that years ago.  I'm consistently feeling worse, and my coping methods aren't working anymore (for example, I'm having to cut deeper and deeper to get the same release that near scratches gave me months ago).

I'm working a job I hate for people I don't like so I can make money to pay for shit I don't care about (student loans, car loan, etc), and it'll be 2 years before I have enough experience in my field to really go somewhere else, and until then I have little time for anything other than working and hating myself.

I can't even go to my best (only) friend about this...if I told him how I'm doing, I know 100% for a fact that within a couple hours I'd be dead or in an emergency room, because he'd feel obligated to call someone to keep me from dying...at least if I'd be dead, he'd finally see he's better off without me as a useless friend anyways.

Outside of that one friend, I have my parents...I'm just a burden on them, a useless 23-year-old who can't even be self-sufficient and instead relies on his parents for food, shelter, etc.

I'm really just tired of fighting depression and trying to do well when I have nothing to show for it - after a decade of fighting it, I'm more alone than ever and like I have even fewer choices, and am altogether worse off...I'm tired of being a pathetic excuse for a person, and if I can't find a reason to be alive by the end of the month...I don't think I will be.

TL;DR: Me rambling about how I hate myself and want to kill myself.  Sorry.