I hurt the person I love most, and I think want to die.Title is pretty self explanatory. A few days ago, I had a stupid fight over me blowing up nothing with my girlfriend. She seemed so indifferent to my existence, and I just lost it. Said horrible shit, I didn't mean any of it. I love her, so much, and just wanted to feel the love coming back at a particularly hard moment in life. She makes my darkest days brighter, and has done a particularly amazing job of comforting me through this time of year, which is hard for me due to the loss of my older brother. Now she won't speak to me on a non-surface level, and I feel so lost. I reminded myself of the exact way my father and ex wife talked to me, and I can't shake the guilt and heartbreak. I feel like I want to live, and rebuild myself for her, because at my core I am not a person who says those ugly things, and I didn't mean any of them. I feel like she'll eventually come around, but her forgiving me isn't why I am conflicted. It is primarily me forgiving myself. I know I'll never act that way again, but the one day I reminded myself of my dad is enough to disgust me, and has affected my will to live. I spent my whole young adulthood separating myself from him, and in 10 minutes I made the person I love most feel the same way that he made me feel, and I can't take the pain of knowing that he's gone and still affecting my life. I don't know what to do, guys. I have been seeing my shrink again via Zoom, and she has agreed that I will likely get another shot, as most people do, and to really work on my coping mechanisms so that I don't accidentally exponentiate emotions like hurt and anger again and repeat myself. But I don't think I can forgive myself, anytime soon anyways, and I'm really lost here. It just seems like it would be easier to tell everyone that I'm going away on vacation, and just to never come back. I don't want to feel this way, and I have been better the past couple days, reading some books on this subject, but I can't shake the feeling that she, and my remaining family, would be better off without me. Any words or advice are appreciated guys.