Ever felt Depressed about not being depressed?I've just hit the lowest point I've felt in about 2 years. I drunkenly stumbled into an SUV about 5 years ago and he swerved before I touched the street. That was the first attempt. Fast forward 3 years and I was suicidal again (no attempts). Fast forward another 2 years(about 3 days ago from today). I was going to buy a rope (once my van is fixed to go-to the hardware store). Ive never tied a hangman noose and I've heard of people's untying during. So I was having second thoughts but still ready to test it out. But then I heard the train go by. I heard the horn, I felt the vibration. Shivers ran down my spine. It felt amazing, almost orgasmic. Perfect. A train can't swerve away or stop suddenly. It's also walking distance. I looked up the train schedule to see when it was coming by, I walked to the tracks last night and noticed a little bridge that the tracks were on. It was maybe 50-60ft from the ground. Even better. Nobody has to know, nobody has to witness it. I walked across the narrow, rusty bridge, avoiding getting my foot stuck in-between the tracks. No railing to hang on to. It's like a match made in heaven. This wasn't the night, though. I wanted to see my mom and brother one last time. So I stood on the edge of the bridge, heels clinging to wood, toes clinging onto nothing. I have never felt this alive. I was in heaven. I haven't felt this happy in years. Im finally in control of my life. It was unbelievable, I was so excited. I took a deep breath and took a step back. I walked back home and finally got some sleep. This is where things get odd.. I woke up feeling happy. I have the same feeling I felt on the edge of that bridge, but I'm lying in bed. How the fuck am I happy right now. My life is crumbling and I don't want to die anymore. It was a very odd feeling. I actually took a shower and felt fine. Then it hit me, what if that was the night and I didn't wake up this morning? Why was I feeling that way last night? Then I got even more depressed. 

What the fuck is going on inside my head.

 If anyone has any input or has felt this way before, please comment.