Just a shell not aliveI am struggling to stay alive.  Even writing here is exhausting.  I feel numb or in emotional agony all of the time. There is this emptiness inside me that nothing seems to fill.  I look at people and feel apart from them.  I am going through the motions of life but I'm really dead. The only thing that goes around my head is the thought of terminating my life.  It's just a shell really.  I have a plan worked out and have warned the people closest to me. I have tried 7 times before so I know what I need to do. I have sought medical attention.  The doctor is referring me to a psychiatrist and I am on a waiting list for another service.  But I've had 7 years of intensive therapy since a breakdown in 2010.  I was diagnosed with Borderline Personality Disorder then as well.  Treatment hasn't made a significant difference to my mental health.  All I have realised is how traumatic my childhood was and how significantly it has damaged me.  My life now is ok.  My husband loves me very much.  I have a 12 year old daughter.  I have a very strong network of support;  people who really care about me.  But no matter what  they say, I feel unworthy of anyone's love or respect.  For a long time I have viewed myself as the disgusting blob of human flesh who is a burden on society.  I can't work.  Most days getting the washing done is a major achievement.  I sleep at least 15 hours a day.  I find it difficult to function sometimes.  Apparently sleep is my way of disassociating from the world.  I just can't face life anymore.  I have cut my social circle down to the people I can not avoid.  Friends are completely shut out.  The only thing that is forcing me to stay alive is my daughter.  She has suffered separation anxiety ever since she saw the police and paramedics escort me away during my breakdown in 2010.  She has ADHD and goes to counselling for it.  She told her counsellor that she often checks my pulse when I am asleep.  Her main concern is that I might die.  My god what am I doing to this child?  I don't know what to do.  I have tried so many things.  I don't want to destroy her, but I don't know how I am supposed to get better.  I have no control over my brain.  I think one day very soon I may take my life, not deliberately but as a means to get away from the agonising emotional pain I am in.  