Life isn't worth living*This is a very personal post so if you don't care about listening to the whining of a kid, do yourself a favor and move on.*

This is just an unloading of some thoughts I've just been having recently. I can't talk to anyone about them. Maybe because I'm worried that they'll be too worried or because I'm worried that they'll agree, and at that point there's only one option left. I just need to get this out there, to say it as it comes to me.

Every time I wake up, I wonder why? Why should I get out of bed? If you knew me, you'd tell me that I need to because I have to go to college. But why do I want to? I feel like an outcast there, even though I'm most people's friend. I'm not smart enough to be there, there's so many people better than me at every one of my subjects. I feel embarrassed to even be in the same room as most of them, because they have to be thinking 'why is he here? He's nowhere as good as he thinks he is'. Most of the work I do feels pointless anyway. I mean let's face it, it's probably not gonna lead me anywhere. But more on that in a sec...
I suppose you could say hanging out with my friends is worth it but I spend maybe just over an hour a day with them at best, and even though we have fun I still feel empty. Probably because any sort of meaningful conversation is off limits and we only talk about humorous banalities. It's fun in the moment, but only in the moment. I'm not staying here just for that moment. Not to mention the fact that I'm none of their best friends. To me, that matters.

But ok, let's talk about after I complete my A-Levels. Best case scenario, I get what I need. What next? Well, more of the same really, just in a different setting. University. Now we're looking at even more work and even more loneliness. Likelihood is, if I don't make good friends quickly, I'll be going to lectures and going back to my dorm all day, every day. That sounds like no way to live. Plus, looking at the current state of things, getting a job is looking unlikely and if I get one, it's going to be horrible. I mean, say I do get a job. Then we're looking at the majority of my days being taken up by mind numbing and tedious tasks being completed day in, day out so that I can receive a fraction of the money I generate while my boss keeps threatening to fire me. Great. And even if I do stick with it long enough to rise up the ladder, I'm going to turn around in my middle age and realize it was all for nothing but a bit of money and a shiny car and I'm still as alone and depressed as I've always been. Even better. But that might not happen because I don't want any sort of corporate job. I want to be a writer... a group of people so depressed, alcoholic and suicidal that it's become a cliche. Chances are my ideas are way too derivative for my work to ever be anything but criticized and mocked, if ever noticed at all. So in terms of a career, the odds of my life being fulfilling are against me.

But what about love? Doesn't that make it worth it? Love has tried its best to steer clear of me. Every time I've fallen in love, without fail and no mater how reciprocal it's seemed, they rejected me. Probably with good reason. I'm not the most unattractive guy, but I can't be good to be around as I'm sure you can tell from this post. I get nervous, insecure and clingy. Great boyfriend material. Anyway, even if I could fall in love with a girl who loved me back, what next? We just carry on the relationship until one of us falls out of love or dies. Painful no matter what. I'll probably end up as one of those divorced forty year old's who still desperately tries to get into the dating scene but cries in his car outside clubs and eventually hangs himself in his studio apartment, leaving his remaining few grand to the kids who pity him anyway. But likelihood is, none of this will happen. Love is rare, probably too rare for an ordinary kid like me, and I'm likely to go my entire life without ever again feeling it. 

A greater good? Yeah right. Have you seen our current political landscape? Have you seen anything we've ever created? Our species' very touch is insidious. We're fucked, and our best chance of being saved is long gone. Human beings are animals, violent and selfish. As long as we hold onto those base urges, we'll never have an equal and functioning society. All we are are biological puppets with heads full of false imaginings. We were fucked from the get go. 

So you must be thinking 'Christ, you're clearly depressed. Go get help.' What help? Everyone I know who's on antidepressants is still fucked in some way or another. And it feels odd to turn to altering my chemical makeup and blocking out thoughts as the only way to be happy. It feels like I'm right, but I'm going to willfully ignore it. Or a shrink. Barely better than a priest. Someone to give me an illusion of hope, to tell me there's a light at the end of the tunnel offering nothing but sentiment and a professional smile. Then taking my money for it.

Right. That's all that comes to mind right now. I know, it's very bleak, but isn't that what this sub's for? Anyway, thanks to anyone who reads and responds.

Tldr: A career won't satisfy me, love keeps evading me, the human race is hopeless and I can't see a way out.