I’m so stressed I want to kill myself in front of the customersI hate working holidays at retail so much it makes me want to scream. I hate customers, I hate dealing with them, I hate the entitled, snobby attitudes they have. I hate how right after I end up getting a table of clothes clean, some clueless asstart decides to mess it up again. I hate how there are customers that either cannot read the receipt’s return date, or they imply that I’m an idiot who can’t do her job the way they like it.



The store is so messy right now that I want to gut myself open with one of the box cutters. I feel so stressed that I feel like I may puke and pass out at any second. I barely have any time to mentally and emotionally recharge because of this goddamn job.



I am grateful that my coworkers are nice, but I hate dealing with customers. I hate being forced to put on this fucking extroverted attitude just to please the goddamn customers. I literally almost snapped at one yesterday because she was being rude when I told her the return policy when she tried to return something that she bought a year ago.



I don’t know how much more of this I can take; at this point, if given the chance and if I had the guts, I’d kill myself in front of those goddamn customers should they push me to the breaking point, whether they are directly rude to me or if they mess up something I just cleaned up.



I want to cry, but I guess crying is “not professional” if I end up breaking down in front of my coworkers. I want to tell my boss that I do not feel mentally and emotionally well, but that would possibly mean either going to the hospital, or being told in a nutshell to “suck it up”. I’ve been working so much that I haven’t had the time to eat as much as I need to; I wouldn’t be surprised if I end up losing weight because of the goddamn holidays. At this point, it would’ve been, screw the fucking money, my health is more important, but no, if I want to be able to afford rent and bills, I have to throw my goddamn sanity in the shitter, fake it, and end up working as much as fucking possible, and push myself so much that I end up breaking. I don’t know how much more of this I can take anymore.