One minute I’m stable. The next minute I’m debating hanging myself.I have BPD. It’s utterly exhausting how fast my mood can shift. It used to be that my moods would shift over the course of a couple days. Now it can bounce back and forth between extremes several dozen times in a single day.

Yesterday morning (12/3) I woke up in an extremely bad place. I’ve been displaying escalating parasuicidal behavior for several weeks. We’re talking using a pellet gun that looks very much like a Glock as a prop to try to get people to acknowledge and validate how shitty and horrible I feel. Also, to get them to help me dig out from the hole I’ve dug for myself, because I have no clue how to climb out on my own.

I’ve also been extremely manic, but it’s not random mania. It’s a manic urge to hide from my emotional turmoil and pain. We’re talking things like getting in my car and driving 1,400 hundred miles, blowing literally all of my savings and maxing out my credit cards on a fancy hotel and ridiculous dinners for two weeks, and also just cruising around in my car to the tune of an additional 5,000 miles because why the hell not.

The manic energy scares me. Especially when combined with the rapidly cycling moods and my massive impulse control issues. It’s a recipe for disaster.

I spent my day having heart to heart talks with my mom and my best friend on the phone. I spent over 6 hours talking on the phone total between the two of them. And I felt better while talking to them. But within 30 minutes of each call ending, I started having feelings of despair and hopelessness consume me again. And it’s not just the feelings that are the issue. It’s the urges and impulses. When I feel a particularly strong wave of emotion hits me, my first thought is about hanging myself or stepping out in front of a bus. I’ve felt these urges wash over me several times today. I came very close to giving into the temptation of stepping in front of the bus, I literally started sweating in 30 degree weather because I was so close to doing it. I walked around for a few hours afterwards in a daze/dissociated state while silently crying.

I moved to a new hotel room and I spent at least 30 minutes examining the room to find the best place to anchor my belt or the bathrobe’s belt. I do this basically anywhere I post up for a night. Honestly I’m always scanning my surroundings to see what my best path out of living is in that moment, just in case I decide to indulge the urge. It’s like I’m always planning.

Now as I lay in bed, I’ll feel okay for a few minutes. Then a thought that triggers a strong emotion will run through my head, and the next thing you know I’m literally mentally picturing myself taking necessary steps to hang myself. Then 5 minutes later, I’m back to being calm and collected. 10 minutes after that, another triggering thought pops into my head and I go back to fantasizing about ending it all.

The rapid oscillation between being okay one minute and then being ready to wrap a belt around a closet hanger bar the next minute, is very exhausting. It’s very unpleasant. It’s just an unwanted roller coaster ride. Worst of all, these kinds of rapid and massive emotional state changes and urges are increasingly common in my life... To a level that is frankly mentally crippling.

I don’t want to die. But I feel like, out of my very limited and very shitty options, dying is the most favorable outcome. It’s still a shitty choice, but none of my other options (staying alive and letting go of the past that I dearly miss) are desirable given my emotional issues.

This all just sucks so much, and I’m so beyond down and exhausted from it all. I just want some stability.