What to expect when getting helpI don't know quite where to begin, it's my first reddit post, just been a lurker on lol subreddit for years so I apologize if the formatting is shitty. I'm a 24 year old collage student from Norway (if anyone has knowledge specifically from Norwegian/Scandinavian health care) 
I've been thinking about suicide for a while now, thought it was what I wanted just up until an hour ago when I figured starting to write the letter to my family. Now I'm not so sure anymore, but I would really like to know what to expect from the health care system. Am I going to be institutionalized, will they restrict computer use for example. Pretty much all I enjoy doing anymore is watching series and nature documentaries and playing computer games, I would hate it to lose the opportunity for that.

If this post is more suited for r/depression or anything please let me know.

Edit: I guess I could give some more insight, felt surprisingly good writing it down even though no-one has commented yet.

 I'm attending collage away from home, and had planned writing a letter today or tomorrow, then doing the deed before Sunday which was when I told my parents I would be home for the summer. But I've been anxious and queasy all day, not managing to write to friends and family.

I come from a loving home which makes my feelings all the more confusing to me, and my parents and siblings supported me two years ago when I admitted to being depressed (I downplayed it though, I didn't want them to be watching my every move in case I wanted to act on my feelings. And I feel really shitty not living up to their expectations of me, which is even more stupid because I know they would be there for me no matter what.) 

It really took a bad turn after failing a couple of collage classes, got don on my self because I know I can do better, I'm just really lazy particularly while depressed. I started not giving a shit, dropping classes, then entire semesters. And now I'm just putting up  a front telling my family what I think they want to hear.

Anyways this just turned into rambling, hard to think clearly through the tears. I'll answer more coherently if you have specific questions.