So much rejection/abandonment.. I can't handle it anymore.It's been almost a year of just complete misery for me.. First I went through a really rough breakup after a relationship of nearly 3 years. It was basically my fault as I moved away and got attached to another girl. The feelings of sadness, loneliness, misery, guilt, hatred for my surroundings among other things once the girl left and basically stopped talking to me were an on going thing for months, throughout the summer and fall mainly. I guess I deserved it for making such a bad mistake.

Things turned around a bit when the girl I was with for 3 years came to visit me and we had a great time. We had some closure which we never got (because I up and left without saying goodbye.. Which really makes me angry at myself at why I did such a thing.. I guess I was too spineless to tell her I was moving). We communicated a lot more and me and her were starting a new beginning it seemed like. But of course she got a new job that consumed all her time, so barely ever hear from her anymore. And whenever I try to talk about my feelings, she gets really defensive (is that justified or normal? I'd really like an opinion on that)

Coupled with that, I did end up making up with the other girl, and she apologized for leaving and not talking to me, and we became best of friends again. Unfortunately, she got caught up with drugs and she got sent to rehab, so I will not be able to talk to her for months.

My cousins ex gf was very supportive through all this and after they had a sort of ugly break up, we got really close. She was mistreated and I gave her comfort, and told her I had feelings for her. We cuddled a bit after he left and then I went home (which of course I should of stayed. Why do I make such stupid selfish decisions). Of course, next day she gets shipped to rehab too. My cousin set her up with her parents who are really strict and believed everything he told them about her being an out of control drug user (even though he had a really bad oxy and xanax addition).

So no communication for the 3 women (or people in general) that I am closest to at all. No support or comfort from any of them, because 2 can't communicate yet and 1 is too selfish for that.

I know this sounds like a really dumb reason to be suicidal about, or maybe to even rant about here, but it all is just so overwhelming. I've taken on so much rejection and abandonment from people I am close to over and over again constantly throughout the 9 months or so that I've moved away. 

I'm just so fucking incredibly sad and I will break it down A) the one I love most doesn't really want to talk to me much B) I don't know if i'll ever even see my cousins ex gf again, and she has been the only person I've been able to talk to about absolutely anything lately so basically I have no one to talk to about how I feel and I'm forced to stew in my own thoughts. I just want the anxiety and bad thoughts and depression to go away. I just want to go away in general.


I'm just so incredibly sad, I don't even know how things turned out like this..

I have no one to talk to about how I feel and I'm forced to stew in my own thoughts. I just want the anxiety and bad thoughts and depression to go away. I just want to go away in general.

TL;DR: 3 of the closest people in my life either won't or are unable to communicate with me during the worst time of my life. I have no other close friends right now. I feel alone, abandoned with no one to comfort me. I feel so fragile emotionally and I'm left with my own nagging thoughts.