I tried hanging myself because I don't think anything is real, including me.So I'm having a really tough time right now with whatever is going on with me. I got so tired that I actually tried hanging myself due low suspension method twice and both times I just couldn't stand the feeling of loosing consciousness and I stood up before passing out.   
I think I might be experiencing some psychotic or schizophrenic episode when I have really tough time establishing what is real and what is not. Even writing this I'm not sure if Internet is real or is it just in my mind meaning "I created it and what I read, write or watch is actually going to happen in the "real" world. It freaks me out because I got to the point where I can no longer communicate, also with people I see because my mind is telling me I'm some kind of monster that can only hurt people, and that every time I smile I shouldn't because my smile is actually happening later / before in a situation that was not at all funny. Kind of like my present actions are really happening somewhere else in different circumstances. Also my brain/mind is telling me that past didn't really happen and whatever memories I have are not really mine and that I'm truly nothing/nobody and anything I experience is me being somebody else for a while and then I go back to being me. Every time I drive my car I feel like I'm not really going anywhere, that I'm sitting or sleeping and I'm only seeing an illusion created to protect me from the other side which something is telling me is happening when I sleep, I have some really bad dreams and they seem real, I hope they're not.   
Please help me, I can't live like this. I'm not going to attempt for now because I actually got a little scared. I'd like to contact my family but I don't know if they want me to contact them because my mind is telling me I did something bad to really disappoint them. They tried calling me but even tho I did not answer my phone I felt like I had a conversation with them and that was actually me calling them or they visited but I don't remember any of that. On top of that I have a feeling that I'm being followed by invisible "people" that keep telling me things like: "don't open your eyes", "don't tell anyone", "don't watch through the window".