I'm sorry.Sexual/physical/mental abuse as a child. 0-4
Almost sold into human trafficking but someone intervened. 4
Put into a foster home with a women who tells me that she spent her life praying for a daughter, and her I am. 5
Returned to mother, foster parents told they will never see us again. Relocated from Canada to USA. 5
Mom loses custody of us and is arrested. Last time I saw her. Returned to Canada. 5
Waited everyday for my mom to come get me. 6-16
Finally receive a message from my mother, who tells me that none of the abuse we suffered was real, our PTSD and all the other fuck ups we've been diagnosed with can't be real according to her. 17
Try killing myself twice. 17
Rehab 18
Physically abusive relationship. 18-24
He beat me while I was pregnant, he tried to kill me more than once. One distinct memory I have is while he was drunk he searched the house for something couldn't find it. Came into the room I was laying on the bed breastfeeding our daughter. He punched me in the face as hard as he could. He would strangle me till I blacked out. I have scars on my face. He was charged with domestic abuse, paid a fine. 21
I gained the courage to leave. 24
He left the province and cuts off contact. 24
He gets a DUI a province over and comes back 24
Wants visitation 25
Custody battle 26
New relationship. Old ways. 26
Kicked out of home, sent to shelter. Yesterday
Custody hearing, Valentines Day. Today
I cant fight anymore. I have spent my life fighting. I have spent my life thinking I am not enough. 
It has been 26 years of bullshit. I am done fighting. I really am not enough! I have finally convinced myself! I AM NOT ENOUGH! I never understood how my mom could just leave me, but now I understand! The only difference is MY DAUGHTER HAS BEEN WORTH THE FIGHT. MY DAUGHTER MEANS THE WORLD TO ME. I ONLY CALLED YOUR FATHER OUT IN COURT SO THAT IF ANYTHING EVER HAPPENED TO ME THAT YOU WOULD BE OKAY. BUT NEITHER OF US DESERVE YOU! I love you! I want you to be happy, but I am a dead end. I love you I love you I love you but I am done fighting! I can't even believe I am saying this. Because my love for you is the only thing that has got me this far. I love you so much!