Sometimes I feel like there’s no way out.I’ve lived a fucked up life. Unfortunately too smart at five years old and blamed myself through the two year divorce my parents went through. In and out of my grandparents house, joint custody, my mom got an apartment then it burnt down. When I was seven, my mom met a new guy and fell in love, we moved in. She got in a bad quad accident and broke the whole left side of her body. Couldn’t see her for months on months because she was legally dead three times and brought back, couldn’t bare that my mom had a smaller mental capacity than I at the time. She healed but had always brought her burdens out on me since she had me at 18 before she was even married or graduated. Dad never got over the divorce, drank alone, nonviolently luckily, until he met my best friends mom when I was 14. Forced us to become one family and then a year later kicked my friend and I (who brought them together) out to live with the other parent who was not exactly healthy for us. I had always favored him. Fast forward to high school, smoking weed to numb myself, dabbling with drugs, watched my now step sister throw her life away by becoming an almost drop-dead anything-addict - but mostly Xanax (don’t do it) met a guy I thought I’d marry, who was unfortunately a drug addict, shrugged past the thought that he (19) was too fucked up on the weeks that he had his daughter (4, yes he was 15 when he had her, not my kid) to take care of her because I had blinded myself with love for them. Surprisingly yet unsurprisingly, he passed away on our “one year anniversary.” Canceled everything we had planned (to see Russ [if you’re a fan you know how much this really mean!t!] for *ten* dollars, however it was a trip across the state and had much more involved than a $10 ticket) and fought my way to see him buried on the actual date we were supposed to take the trip. Been fucked up ever since. Three weeks later, mom says, “get over it, everyone else already has.” I (freshly graduated, 18) go to pine rest. Ask for help on the $1000 bill, I get nothing. At this point it was worth more to me to die than to pay that money to live, and I still almost feel that. I ruined all my relationships because I wouldn’t allow myself to be happy. Got in an emotionally manipulative abusive relationship and quickly got out but not without being practically stalked and obsessed over for almost another year. Been trying my best to work on myself this whole two years it’s been. Met the guy of my dreams after not being able to emotionally attach myself for what feels like *too* long. I’m not good enough for him. Thought everything was perfect and he just “isn’t ready for a relationship” but really I’m too opinionated and confrontational and downright pissy sometimes but he’s too empathetic and loving and kind hearted to ever say anything like that and bottom line is...
I’m fucking empty. 
I’m on my last legs. 
I don’t know what to do. 
I know I shouldn’t rely on someone else for happiness but I know I’ll never be what I could or should be and all I want is to be happy with and without someone. 
I’m convinced it won’t happen. 
I live out my days with all this baggage running through my mind which makes me the rather unpleasant woman I am. 
How do I change?
How do I not feel like this?
How do I *want* life and what it has left for me?
I don’t want any more hurt. 
Any more baggage. 
And quite honestly, any more happiness. 
I’m over life. 