Wish I never existedI don't even know where to begin at this point. My whole life I have tried. I tried to be a good son to my parents. I really never was rebellious or anything. If they said be home by a certain time in high school I was always home by then, or I would have called to tell them why I'm not home. I always tried hard in school so that they would be proud of me. I got good grades, I tried hard to get those grades. I was always nice to people, I was always the guy if someone needed something done I never minded helping. I always helped friends and family with moving, computer help, or really anything. I always would call my family to see how everyone has been. I was good. I don't know if it was me as a person, or some of it being I was raised to believe in a god that blesses those that do well. My grandpa died recently. Without expecting any thanks or whatever I put together the program and made a slideshow to play at the service. But despite doing all of this I can't seem to get any where in life. I try and try and try, and all that ends up happening is I get hurt and frustrated. I have tried to get into med school for the last two years. I did a master's program. During the programs hardest quarter right before finals I had to get my appendix removed, and then I developed an abscess. I was in the hospital for almost two weeks total. I toughed it out and took the finals so that I could submit them to the med school and hopefully get an interview. Then one class loses my grades for almost three weeks, so I get my interview later. Sometimes people from the program get in some don't. I was in the later category. Now this year rolls around, I decide to apply again with everyone else. Now everyone who I was friends with has gotten in, even though I know I got better grades than some of them. I just can't win. I have been on depression medication for some time. It helps me sleep at night, but before I go to bed every night the only wish I have anymore is to never have existed. I know sometimes I fantasize about killing myself so that all of this suffering would be over, but I don't want to cause my family anymore pain. I don't need their to be some afterlife where I can remember the good times, or exist as someone else, or anything like that. I just wish the I would fall asleep and that would be it. That everyone in my life had never known me that I have never ever been. The only thing I have ever found that really sums up how I feel about my life is the will from the mayor of casterbridge. 
That Elizabeth-Jane Farfrae be not told of my death, or made to grieve on account of me. 
&amp; that I be not bury’d in consecrated ground. 
&amp; that no sexton be asked to toll the bell. 
&amp; that nobody is wished to see my dead body. 
&amp; that no murners walk behind me at my funeral. 
&amp; that no flours be planted on my grave. 
&amp; that no man remember me. 
To this I put my name.	
Michael Henchard 
This is the only thing that I wish for myself. 