Parents make me feel SuicidalI was expelled from school last month after getting in a stupid fight with another guy. I had surgery to correct a broken jaw afterwards but now I can't go anywhere because it takes 3 months to fully recover (Google pictures of jaw surgery patients to see how swollen the face gets). It's only been one month but I've felt so alone for the past month and I get down about not being able to go outside. My parents have been horrible to me, berate me all day and won't let me have friends over so I am so alone. I also worry about getting into college now. This morning I was sitting in my room watching a movie on my laptop and my parents burst in Shouting at me telling me that I'm "a worthless failure" and a "loser" and my mom said she has no sympathy because "I brought this on myself" and she said "good luck in life" in a nasty tone. My dad wasn't screaming but he just looked me in the eye and said "look at you. You're helpless. You might as well be dead" and then he just walked out. Then my mom took my laptop away and yelled at me that she's sick of having me in the house and being my maid and that "no one cares anymore" and all I do is make them "miserable". Then she slammed my door and I just sat stunned for a while. Luckily I hid my phone under the covers so she didn't take that away. I don't enjoy crying, but a hour after they left I just cried for over an hour. I honestly feel so alone and like such a failure. I'm stuck living with my parents for another 2 months until I heal from surgery and then what? What other high school will even take me. I fucked up my life and am dependent on my shitty parents who make me suicidal. It's now 5:00pm and they didn't even check on me once. They truly don't care about me and have made this clear my entire life. Honestly no one would care if I died. I tried to call my brother an hour ago and he sent my call to voicemail. I texted two friends but they couldn't offer any support. I called my sister and she got angry with me and told me to grow up and to try to make an effort to help myself. I really honestly feel helpless and like I have no future and no one who cares about me. I feel so alone and just want to die. I hate my family and my friends can't handle taking about anything emotional