I just want out.Hi, 

I'm a 21 year old female and I just want out of this life. 

I've been thinking about it a lot lately... I feel empty and nothing brings me joy anymore. I have a few friends but spending time with them seems like a chore. Wherever I go, I find it very difficult to fit in. I feel like I'm not 'entertaining' enough for other people to take any interest in me. I'm not cool, I'm not successful in my studies, I've not achieved anything in my life. I want so hard for people to like me but I just don't have what it takes. I'm not confident or smart or funny. Most of the time I use sarcasm to cover my anxiety because I just can't handle social situations. People tell me that I'm pretty but that's all I am to them. Just a pretty girl. Guys don't like me for who I am, they just like me for what I look like and I feel like I will never be able to open up to anybody because they don't see me as worthy of more. 

 I study architecture and I like my course but I no longer have passion for it. I don't have the energy or motivation to create anything. Every day I wake up and I'm more and more behind with my coursework. I don't even try to catch up  because I don't see myself succeeding or doing well enough. I can't handle getting an average or low grade in the end because this is the one thing I chose to do based on the things I used to love and I'm not even good at it. 

It's breaking my heart to think that I will never be good enough. Not for anyone or anything. I attempted suicide at 18 because the guy I used to like in school bullied me physically and verbally ever day for a year and I was powerless. I couldn't make him stop and even his friends who watched it all happen didn't bother doing anything because they didn't want to get on his bad side. I've never been able to stand up for myself. I feel ashamed for being so weak, unable to do anything. I let people walk over because I rather compromise on how I feel than upset someone else. 

Recently, I've been feeling like I simply don't fit. Part of me doesn't want to die because I'll never get a second life. I don't believe in God. I believe that us humans, simply made it up as a backbone to our lives. We need some kind of security, we need to feel like no matter what happens there will be someone to help us out through it all and no matter how bad things get there's purpose in it all and that purpose is given by God. But I don't have that kind of security. I believe that once we die, there's no place for our soul to go. We simply stop existing and we're just part of natural selection. The world doesn't stop when we die, it simply sifts out the better from the worse. And I just want to get myself out of all this. I don't want to be a part of anything I just want to stop existing without any consequences. Fall asleep and never have to worry about anything ever again...