Everyone says they're proud of me, but I feel like I'm making the biggest mistake of my life.I regret every decision I've ever made in my entire life.  From what I'm going to cook for dinner to what I talk about to ~~friends~~ people I know to what I become interested in to what car I buy to this latest one: quitting my job and going to graduate school.

I got accepted into engineering graduate school at a large prestigious university (#3 in the US) this past April and I quit my job this past Friday.  I quit because it wasn't what I got my bachelor's degree in and because everyone (everyone: my boss, my coworkers, my parents) said I could do better.  Nevermind that I built an entire segment of the company - nevermind that I could come home and use video games and movies to ignore how I had no real future - nevermind that I was finally promoted to the point where I felt I had spending cash to do stuff and had a fancy enough title to finally date after 3 years of having never even touched a woman who I wasn't related to (much less convince only the second one in my life that I might be worth wasting time on).  

Now I'm looking at *at least* $45000 of debt a year for *at least* 2 years.  I have barely even thought about the subjects I used to think I had a passion for in the last 3 years.  The school system seems to break down with my name - I apparently have missed two months of emails and sign up periods because my school email address was never created and I can't sign in even now.  I've gotten so used to being able to blow people's minds by half-assing it at work I know I'm going to be fucking laughed out of graduate school when it turns out I don't know fucking anything.  I was too lazy earlier this year and now I've been too busy since June to apply for any scholarships and the university won't give me anything because I'm just a Master's Student and I made more than $30000 last year.  I'm fucked, just so irrevocably fucked.

I need to kill myself.  I need to stop everything before I spend thousands of dollars on something I'm going to fail at and disappoint everyone even more.  It doesn't matter that I'd miss out on Star Wars or Game of Thrones or Marvel movies - they won't be that good anyways, and if I'm dead I won't even know I missed them.  No one's going to miss me either - I don't have friends, I drifted away from all my online friends back in college and I'm too boring and nerdy for anyone in real life; I only come home once a year and my cat back home is sick, so she doesn't miss me and will be dead in a year anyways; I rarely ever call so my parents won't even notice after a month.  I know how I want to do it too, a nice drive to some overlook on a mountain, plug up the exhaust or get a nice bit of tubing to come through the window, carbon monoxide sends me to sleep.

Everything always gets worse, why not stop it before I'm homeless and everyone actively hates me.