I’m so tired of thisI think I need to give up.

I work two jobs and I love what I do, I have excellent health insurance. I can’t afford my life. Right now I’m crashing with family and they’ve made it clear they’re not impressed with my financial situation they think my lack of money is unacceptable because I could just suck it up and work harder. I work so fucking  hard! My job loves me. I just don’t make very much. After my car payment, car insurance, gas, health insurance, phone and food (I try not to eat very much. A coffee in the morning and maybe something for lunch. If I’m really hungry I’ll have breakfast too but I try not to.)... I just don’t have enough for rent and utilities. I can’t spent 60% of my monthly income (or more) on a place to live and risk losing my car because then I’d lose my job. I’ve looked at renting a spare bedroom in someone’s house but even that is more than I can afford running 700-800 a month and that doesn’t always include parking or many utilities (if any at all) at my full time job I make $14 and my part time job is $11. The places I can afford are 2-4 hours away from my job and I’d have to start over but there’s no guarantee that I’d find jobs in these towns and no guarantee that by the time I found new jobs the place I was looking at would still be available. Sometimes I take a day off because I just can’t spread myself so thin and then I feel sick because I could be making money to get myself out of this situation!

I’m so stressed as it is, if I was brave I’d start over somewhere else but I have no doubts I’d end up exactly where I am in a different setting. I’m not happy. I don’t have a healthy family, we aren’t close, they want me to leave and they don’t care if I need to sleep in my car. I have a younger sibling who is frequently unemployed and is frequently 100% financially dependent on my parents and they’re okay with that but they’re not going to help me and I can’t ask. Nothing happened to make them not like me it’s just always been like that. I’m single. I don’t have friends I can crash with they’re all married/have kids and living their own life they don’t need me invading their space. I have friends but I don’t have the money to go out to eat or anything like that because that seems like a waste of money so we don’t hang out. I’ve looked for better paying jobs and I’m just not qualified for much which is my own fault. I’ve been telling myself since I was 18 that the struggle is temporary and I’ll get through it. I told myself that I’d find my person and we’d get married and have a family and I’d be glad I didn’t give up. I’m almost 30 and I can’t do this anymore. My life isn’t valuable. I’m not happy and I’m so far from where I thought I’d be. My relatives and friends would be sad if I died but this wouldn’t ruin their life they’d be fine without me. I feel like I’m wasting my life and longer it goes the more I realize It’s going to be like this forever. The only person I’m living my life for is me and I can’t afford it and I don’t have the work ethic to work more hours than I already do, so why am I still here?