I'm done waiting for happy timesThis is going to be a long one...

Growing up with an abusive father and a scared mother I never learned much what it is like to have someone to rely on, to trust and to count on... After my "dad" threw me out of the house with 15 I lived on the street for about a year until my parents split up and I moved in with my mom. I was never antisocial, but for some reason never able to make friends. I got bullied in 5th and 6th grade, the regular name calling, but they also held me down and cut my arms and said "now no one will believe you anyways, they will all think you just want attention for cutting yourself. I let them and hoped they would eventually cut deep enough to kill me, undfortunately they didnt. I changed school, found "friends" and had to learn they simply used me for entertainment, shared secrets I told them with the whole class and made everyone throw coins at me because I used to be homeless. Thats when I sorta quit let people in.. I spent my time alone in my room alone trying to figure out why i should go on...
One evening I walked up to the close by railroads, I just had enough. I was 13 years old and already knew this world had nothing to offer but pain. I listened to my favorite sing and laid on the tracks... An older man walked his dog, saw me and pulled me off the tracks seconds before the train ran over that very spot. We looked at each other in shock for a bit, then I ran away, I was scared of how I would get bullied if people knew I tried to kill myself.
Then one day on my way to school someone snatched my bookbag and took off, a guy ran after him, got my bag back and brought it to me... We started to hang out and fell in love very quick.. I assume because he was the first person ever in my life that didnt treat me like shit, let's just call him Ben. Ben was an american soldier station in my country and after 6 wonderful months he had to go back... I already had my plane ticket but a few weeks before my departure he called me and told me the bad news: Ben had to deploy to Afghanistan... I didn't know what to think or to do, he was miserably sad and I was terrified... I couldn't lose that wonderful person. I packed my stuff, drove to the airport and flew in the next day... He didnt pick me up from the airport... He never came... He never had to deploy... Ben met his ex in the states and they got back together and planned a future.. It was all a lie...
There I was alone in a foreign country all by myself, no money for a return ticket and the only happy 6 months in my life were a lie.
I thumb lifted for days with different trucks and cars all the way up to vancouver where I had a distant relative where I could spend some time and work to afford my plane back... I never felt so empty... those months seem like a far away memory, somehow blurred.. I couldnt eat I couldnt sleep I couldnt concentrate.
When I had enough money I found a cheap flight with a stop few days stop in Atlanta...
It was very quick.. I saw him and I knew I can carry on... I never felt that way before... Let me call him Stan.
I never went on the plane back home. He was my salvation, he healed my heart with loyalty, passion, love and patience... Some nights we just held each other crying, thanking the world for bringing us together. If I try really hard I can still feel his arms wrapped around me... One day I had to go back "home"... I knew I found my purpose, to be with him, I knew I would come back soon..He was my home... All the pain from my past didnt hurt that bad when he was around... He has problems... childhood, pain, violence, failed relationships, alcohol abuse/addictions... But I know when we are together we can get through this...
What changed?
I am back home and he changed... My hold, my rock in the sea has cracked... He doesnt talk to me and when he does all he does is make me feel like shit.
I ask him for a little more time, for 2 minutes a day and he calls me a needy bitch, he says I am a whore, I only use him and he is sure I already let some dude fuck me...
He tells me to fuck off when I tell him I miss him.
I called him in tears last night, was he worried? did he ask me what is bothering me?
No... he said: "call me when you calmed the fuck down, i cant understand shit what you say and i dont want to waste my time listen to you sobbing bitch."
He knows me, he knows my past, he knows I had to deal with depressions for years... Sometimes I just break down.. He used to be the one to reach out his hand and pull me out of this misery, but now he kicks me further in it... 
I dont know... why am I still here?
I just want to go.. run away..not from this town not from this country, from this life.
I've finally had enough... I always believed in this shit.. If bad things happen to you, something good will happen one day.
Nothing good ever happened and I am done waiting.
There is nothing for me to live for and no one to care whether I am gone or not.fuck it.

I love the person he was, I adore the person he has potential to be, but I hate the person he choses to be.


Sorry for the long post. 