I'm a complete failure.For the past 4 years I've been working toward a computer science degree in college. Last fall I failed one of my major classes and the deal was that I would have to retake it with at least a B- if I want to stay in the major.

This quarter I've been retaking that class, and again it's been really really tough. The final is this Monday, but the professor offered a large extra credit opportunity that was due yesterday. Whether or not I get a B- and stay in the major pretty much rests on this extra credit project.

Turns out that the project is almost impossible. I tried working on it with classmates, but my classmates gave up. I tried paying over $100 for a few hours of guided programming time with a tutor, but he couldn't completely get it himself either.

The deadline just passed and I was able to turn in a functioning project, but one that mostly does not fit the project requirements. I do not expect to receive much credit for my attempt.

Thus, I will most likely be kicked out of my major.

Here's what makes it even more awful: I was very very close to graduating. So close that my family is coming to see me walk at the graduation ceremonies next week and finish up a few credits in the Fall. They made travel arrangements a year in advance and they've been looking forward to it for so long. I'm absolutely terrified of how they would react to me failing out of a degree about my lifelong passion, especially considering my parents have paid for my entire tuition and most of my living expenses.

I'm also terrified of how this is going to affect my career. I have an internship at a hugely well-known company lined up for this summer, but after that I don't know what's next. Sure, I can spend another year in school and still graduate with a general science BS and "almost a computer science BS", but that's obviously not the same to employers. I won't be able to compete with my classmates in the job market even though I'm just as qualified, if not moreso thanks to this internship.

I don't know what to do. I'm lost. I'm scared. I've failed myself and my family despite tearing myself apart for this degree. I don't know if I have the will to go on.