Suit up and show upFor the last few years I feel like I've been stuck in a rough patch. Although I've had good moments and good times with friends, but it hasn't helped with the depression and suicidal thoughts. I have been able to manage the thoughts to not consume me and not make any attempts, but over the last few months it some how has gotten worst. In my line of work, I know the signs of when it becomes an emergency and I could see it happening. I tried going to friends, family, the school's mental health facility, workshops, anti-depressants, therapy, and keeping busy. My friends have given up on me, the anti-depressants made me feel physically ill, I tried really hard with therapy, but I could only afford one, one hour session a week so it made it really hard to feel like it was working. And then suddenly, so much came crashing down like a ton of bricks. My birthday came and I spent it alone because no one could make time to see me. My grandmother health has drastically declined and it maybe a matter of time before she's gone, not allowing me to talk to my parents about my issues because I could see how down my mother is about her mother's health. The girl I've been interested in for 3 years finally started giving me a chance, just to crush me after a few months to go back to her ex-boyfriend. I feel alone. I feel depressed. I feel like it continues to get worse. My therapist wanted me to watch 13 Reasons Why and I did so. I'm in my late 20's so at first I didn't care for the show. I was never bullied or had to deal with the high school problems they dealt with in the show. But during the last episode, *spoiler alert!* I broke down when I heard Hannah say, "I need it to stop. People, Life....I need it all to stop." I could never put into words my feelings, but those words resonated with me because that is exactly how I feel. My therapist always tries to complement me, saying how strong I am to get up and go about my day. That isn't strength though. Because I know life doesn't give a shit about my problems. And it wont hit pause until I can figure my shit out. I know I have commitments I need to continue to do. I promised my lab partner I'll be there in lab every week. I promised my boss I'll be at work to teach my class every week. I promised my parents I would call them to tell them I love them every chance I get. But when I finish my day, when I close my laptop and say, that is enough studying for the day and decide to go to bed, I hope that for me tomorrow never comes. I lay there, numb to everything, hoping, praying to every God I know of to keep me from waking up. And when my eyes open the next day, I get this instant feeling of regret. I think the difference between me and someone who has decided to check out, is that there is a cowardice in me. I know I can easily go out and purchase a gun, get my hands on medications, and I know how to tie a noose. Yet when I think about it, it scares me. I think that's why I hope an act of God finally does it for me. Because I'm a coward. 