I still love you.Fist off thank you for opening this post.
Second off I am not thinking about suicide, yet I would be not be completely honest if I didn't tell you it has crossed my mind, but I need someone to talk to about something that has happened in my life that has changed me for both the better and worse.

A little about me and the problem.
I suffered a very emotional ordeal in 2001 when I was 17, my mother, grandmother, and grandfather died within 6 months of one another. Surviving that loss and pain hardened me both physically and emotionally. The woman I was dating at the time got pregnant and put our child up for adoption, as a minor I did not get the opportunity to claim custody.

Fast forward to December 2007. I met someone with whom I fell in love with. We were married in January 2008, yeah I know. The thing about hindsight is you only have it after you make the choice. Regardless I would have still married the woman, I love her still.

Now on to the problem.
My wife, C., disappeared with our children. Last May she accused me of physically abusing our oldest daughter who was 6 at the time. We went to court, and when I was allowed to speak to her and the children again we got together several times so I could see the kids. In June everything changed, she disappeared taking the kids, she just vanished. No court orders giving her custody, nor any restraining orders or protection orders. She just took off from her parents house. I have not spoken to her or our children since June 12th last year. It has been eating me alive since. I know that C. wont do anything to hurt the kids, that she will always make sure they are taken care of.

Because of the judgement in the town we lived in after she left her parents house I shortly left as well. I couldn't take the death threats anymore. I left the place I had known as home for the last 7 years and came back to the state of my birth in order to start over.

C. meant a lot to me, and still does. She helped me break down the walls that I had put around myself after my family died. She reminded me what it was like to be a person, to be human. It was a fight for me to reclaim the parts of humanity I had lost.

I find myself going back down the road I did so many years ago after my family was gone. Hiding from feelings, shutting myself away from the pain. Hardening my heart against another onslaught of torment and disappointment. I feel that I failed as a father and husband.

I cant allow myself to fall back into the darkness that I found in 2001. It almost killed me to gain my humanity back with C's help. But without my children I don't know if I can fight it off.

