My Depression is WinningHi, so I'm a 34 white male living in the U.S. I know that I won the generic lottery, but it doesn't mean that I don't have problems. So if you'll bear with me, I'll try to explain my situation as shortly as possible. 

I've dealt with Depression my entire life it seems. It reared its head at 11/12 &amp; never left. I kept telling myself that "Things will get better. Life will work out in the end". That's simply not the case. This depression is crippling, it destroys every desire I have for ambition. I've been treading water &amp; it's all I can do to keep my head above water. So I went to college... then dropped out. I started creative writing... then stopped when i hated what i had written. I make an effort to get my health in check... &amp; my entire life deconstructs &amp; all I have to console myself is food. I'm 358 lbs, my blood pressure recently skyrocketed into hypertension 2 over the last 6 months.

Needless to say, while I am intelligent, not socially awkward (I've worked in customer service &amp; commission sales for 15 years) , caring, considerate, honest, kind, etc. I don't put the best face into the world &amp; I have little to no success romantically. 

So as my 20's rolled by I slowly started realizing life just wasn't going to work out the way I wanted. Just because you're the nice guy doesn't mean you win. Now, I realize in large part my life is not what I would like it to be because of decisions (conscious &amp; subconscious) that I have made. About 5 years ago during a pretty terrible time I said out loud to my best friends (who are all married &amp; have kids) that all I want from life is 2 things. 
#1. To be happy.
#2. To find someone that I can love &amp; that loves me back. 
Still haven't met those 2 things &amp; I'm 34yrs old. I've had my shot at life. I stepped up to the plate &amp; struck out. 

I've only had 1 romantic relationship in the past, and it was bad. It lasted a year and we got together when I was 19. She was emotionally abusive, manipulative, withheld affection, etc. &amp; on top of that she cheated on me numerous times. The reason I bring this relationship up is I am 34 years old, and this is my only experience in a romantic relationship. I've been on dates, I've made friendships, but nobody seems interested in me romantically. I don't think others realize how utterly painful it is to spend your entire adult life without romantic love. No gentle caress, no "I love you babe, have a great day", no physical intimacy, &amp; (obviously) no sex. I've had a few one night stands, but those are worthless. There's no emotional connection &amp; no intimacy.

I'm still trying, I'm on 4 different dating apps asking women out. I've been going to therapy for the last 6 months. But it doesn't change the fact that I am sobbing right now as I write this. Or that I want to put a gun in my mouth. I just don't understand why this has to be my burden. Other people don't have to deal with depression this bad. Its destroyed my life and I just want the pain to end.

I want to point out that I'm not in crisis at the moment... but ive been thinking about suicide more &amp; more.