I want to die but I can't find the courage to kill myselfI have nobody right now and I'll probably just delete this in five minutes like everything I post. I'm probably writing this for attention, to have the sense that somebody might listen to me. Maybe it's to let some of this out.

I've been laying in bed for most of the past week. A lot of sleeping and crying as I crack from the pressure of college yet again. I've been thinking a lot about it. Various methods. And it's always some excuse, "Too painful" "Risk of brain damage and living" "Don't want my family to find my body like that." Etc.

I think about how devastated my family would be and it gets me to cry. A few old friends would be sad too. But the resistance is not even about me that much but about how it affects everybody else. I fucking hate that my brain is convinced everything in life is worthless. I got a shitty draw in life and while everybody, even the slackers I knew, graduated and started careers, I kept stopping because of anxiety/depression.

I wish I could just be murdered or hit by a car or get violently ill or something. So I could die without my family living with it as a suicide. I was walking down I dark, unfamiliar street yesterday and thought, "Hey getting stabbed here and dying on the street wouldn't be so bad." Of course I wasn't even glorifying the pain since I'm a coward. I was thinking about lying on the floor having life leave my body. It was strange to idealize that. There are times I get disgusted with myself for these thoughts.

Sometimes when I walk outside I wish I could just fall to the floor and lay down on the cold concrete forever. Not even "dead," just still and motionless and peaceful, like I'm sleeping for all of eternity. In this fantasy nobody even notices me and everything else in the world keeps going.

I see subway trains and I feel the impulse for a second but don't want the pain/mess. Instead I ride the train. Similar thought as the floor before. "Man, I wish I could sit on this train, nestled in this plastic corner, eyes closed...forever." I don't why but I fantasize that death is like sleep in those scenarios.

I feel like a failure in life. I fucking dropped out of college twice and now it's happening again. I'm 26 and I live with my parents. I'm a virgin and have never been in any relationship with a woman. I have no friends anymore and terrible social anxiety. I'm ugly. Overall, I am wasted potential and have no future.

What is the fucking point anymore? I thought I could beat depression but no matter what, I never do it for long.

While I am depressed, maybe I'm not depressed enough just yet to overcome the fear of killing myself. I don't know what's worse: The idea that things will get worse, or the fact that I'm stuck in this cycle of misery yet unable to just end it already. I kinda hope I spiral out of control finally to the point where I can do it and end this fucking misery. I wish I could just be fucking normal but that doesn't seem possible. 