I wrote a hypothetical suicide note even though I don't really want to kill myselfidunno i thought it might be theraputic or whatever

Dear y'all

Sorry. Seriously, I'm really, *really* sorry this happened. Whoever is in pain as a result of this, I really apologize. I figured this might happen some day and I've spent countless hours beating myself up over the potential pain caused to those I care about from a decision like this, but I really just couldn't take this anymore. 

Why?

Well, I'm tired.

I'm tired physically as a result of not sleeping well.

I'm tired of waking up and feeling like I have nothing to look forward to except going back to sleep.

I'm tired of people constantly saying that they're there for you and if you need someone to talk to then talk to them, and then treating you like shit if you actually try and talk to them.

I'm tired of people acting like I'm just the funny guy with no actual emotions, and I'm tired of being forced to further that notion because people get tired of me if I ever do anything but act like a joke.

I'm tired of being told that I can do anything while also being forced to choose from a checklist of majors, none of which I'm interested in whatsoever.

I'm tired of waking up at 7 in the morning to go to class after class listening to idiots with the gall to assume that their rants and nonsense are somehow worthy of all the attention and money they are given.

I'm tired of everyone saying I need to graduate college when every day feels like a nightmare.

I'm tired of having no time to do anything other than the absolute maximum amount of work I can do and still barely get by. 

I'm tired of being told my attempts to follow my dreams are stupid when they're the only things keeping me going. 

I'm tired of putting on a facade and feeling constantly anxious about what strangers think of me and what I look like and how I'm being perceived.

I'm just. fucking. tired.

I don't want to do this anymore. I don't want to hide all this shit because I'm terrified of an involuntary stay at a mental institution, I don't want to slog my way through college only to be given the "gift" of a 9-5 just to continue existing.

this shit is exhausting

i'm sorry. i'm really, really sorry.