Found love...then betrayed. Feel like ending itHad love, then gets betrayed

I’ll try to keep as short as possible but it is quite long I suppose...

I have always being by myself throughout my 23 years of life. Granted, met people and lost people. But never truly had a relationship with genuine love until 2018.

Met a girl at my first job(worked there for two months in the summer break) after coming back to it since I felt the work environment was nice(grocery store but colleagues are cool at the time). 

We clicked on first time we met. We were on the same station ringing customers. We chat when we could.
Found out we both came from the same city, county(we’re both immigrants from other counties). Our homes back home is literally 10 mins away. We thought it was destiny that enough us together in a place thousands of miles away. We bonded fast. Started dating a week, then a week later that, we did it.
She had a mother that controlled her and made my ex do everything she wanted, including dumping me. All in all, her relationship with her mother has been traumatic to say the least, physically and mentally. Finally after one night, her mom caught us naked in her room. My ex broke it with her mom, and her mom moved out the room they were staying at. 

For the next two years, I lived with her in her room. We went through everything together. We worked together, fought together, smiled together, cried together. Everything, we were together, and I thought that made us stronger and I learned about her as we went on.
When we first met, she told me about her past relationship. It was a mess. She cheated with people. She was messing around when she had a bf. But she told me that she knew it was wrong and she promised she’d never do it again. I still had my guard up at the time.
But as time went on, we live our lives together, I let my guard down and trusted her wholeheartedly. We planned our futures, shared our thoughts, everything seemed like we could work through. When she asked me to move in with her, I told her I wouldn’t be able to help her with rent much, but daily expense I can manage. She said it’s fine, one more person on the room is only 50 dollars more but she could still manage all of it and she just wanted me there with her.
Around summer 2019, I graduated from college. We had some drama at the grocery store we worked at, we left and took a month to travel back to our home country. 
That one month was the happiest days of my life. Even when we had some small arguments, we made through and it made us stronger. We said next winter we would be back.

Then when we got back to the states, I started looking for jobs. She was in her freshmen college year. I finally got a job around Jan 2020, worked three months until the pandemic hit and were shut down. For the next five months, we both stayed at home, in our room pretty much all day to do everything. We played a video game(Call PF Duty: Modern Warfare) together, I built a pc for her just so we could play. But as we played, I felt I was too toxic and I wanted a break. And I did. So she played by herself for a few days and told me she was lonely. I wasn’t ready to get back into that game particularly and asked her if she wanted to join me and my friends on a different game, she said no. So we figured that she would go online and find some people to play with her. In the end, we agreed that we would say she’s single so she could find people easily and I was her older brother.
Some days later, she found a guy that was from our home country. When they started playing, it didn’t feel wrong. Then a few days later, it felt like they’re so close, like they’re bonding. She’d talk to him every chance, about everything, just like the way she first met me. Talked about her personal problems and issues with her mom, how she feels being in America and how much she’s not used to it despite being here for two years. 
Whenever they play, she’d act cute and flirty just like she did with me. She’d moan and giggle and answer ‘yes’ in a slutty way like she used to talk to me.
This went on for a few more days. I finally couldn’t take it and I went silent on her when she got off a 8 hour chat with me right beside me after they played for the whole night.
She cried and begged me to look at her and tell her what’s wrong. She confessed she talked to him for too long. But I didn’t move a bit. I was so sad and angry. And deep down, I was hurting. I also regret doing what I did, but it’s too late now.
After what I did with the silence act, everything fell apart.
Later in the day, she said she no longer loves me. We talked a lot for the next week. She insisted they were nothing and she only wanted a person to talk to. I asked her if he has seen her and she said no. I confirmed it 3 times with her and she looked me dead in the eye and denied he has seen her. All while I know they follow each other on Instagram and her profile pic is herself. So I knew she lied. She also said she feels belittled within our two year relationship and she feels like she hasn’t done anything for herself.  I told her I know you lied to me about he’s never seen you and she confessed, saying she didn’t want me to worry. Then she finally figured out how to fix everything and said she wanted to take a break and go back to our home country for a month so our relationship could heal up. I agreed. I could improve myself and she could too. Then after the month, we could both be better and reunite again. This was 7/23/20 when she left.
For a week, we still talked and everything seemed fine. Then at the one week mark of her departure, she broke it with me.
Saying I failed her expectations several times and she no longer can give me another chance.
I was clueless as to what she meant but I didn’t ask precisely what since I was in emotions.
I begged her to give me another chance but she was firm.
Then she blocked me on everything, including my sis and friends, cut everything with me, deleted our photos.
She wrote a final post in our chat saying meaningless things about how she can’t give me another chance, she thinks of the old happy days but feels nothing, yet she still wants me to hug her like always. There was no point in the post except to comfort me and make me feel like it’s a peaceful break up. No point to what was the actual reason or issue whatsoever.

Then for the next two weeks, I talked to people and sought for advices. One friend told me she loved to too much so she doesn’t want to hold me back because of her. That’s why she left me. I believed it then.
But my other friends told me, this is pretty obvious, she dumped you for the guy online.
I didn’t believe it. I still tried my best to be myself but also everything so I could try to get her back once she returns to the states.

Then just as of last week after she was done with quarantine, she was finally able to go out in our home county. I found out on her instagram, she tagged that guy she met online as her love and changed her profile pic with their hands holding after breaking up with me a week prior.
I was devastated and broken. All the things we went through, good and bad, happy and sad, just like that, she turns to a guy she met online for a few days.

At first I thought she did it to get revenge on me for the night I ignored her. But last Thursday, she sent me last messages and blocked me again. Telling me to pay her the rent I didn’t pay her and her parents know about it, I ought to watch myself. And she said she hated me, out of everything in the world she hated me the most.

It was then, I gave up, my heart died on her and myself. I was trying until that moment when she sent me those messages.

I’m missing some details but all in all, I just feel lost and I’m not innocent anymore. My heart is still aching despite I had given up... I’m lost in my life right now. Don’t know how to get out and don’t know what I’m gonna to with my life. No job still, kinda just learning about programming little by little so the day goes by a tiny bit faster... I don’t know how long I can last. No one to talk to during the day. Only during the night, one or two friends will be on. But I promised not to kill myself to her and everyone else I cared about( I thought about suicide when my ex told me we should be separated for a month because I knew it was over if that happens and I didn’t know why I just lost her, I was in so much pain, this was before she decided to travel back to our home country for a month)

Idk how to take this pain. Promised her not to end it but I don’t really know anymore. How come she gets to be so happy and I have to suffer so much?