I'm so tired. Constant bad thing these past two years. I have no one.Last year was a nightmare. My boyfriend had a mysterious illness and was constantly on the edge of dying non stop for two-three months. I had daily panic attacks. I cried any time I was home and would get lectured by mom because I didn't have a job at the time. My "best friend" didn't comfort me more than simple "that's horrible, idk what else to say" or straight up ignoring my texts. My mom would either ignore my messages or tell me to relax and watch funny videos. One time it got so bad I think I had either a small heart attack or something. This was all last year. Recently my pet cat/baby passed away and we were in the room when they put her down. It was so traumatizing that I was crying so hard and then  ,like a light switch, I felt nothing. It made me feel guilty. Of course I love my cat, I feel so much saddens but also I feel nothing. It's hard to describe. For the past two weeks my heart had been feeling weird. It started when she passed away. I think it might be broken heart syndrome. I'm pretty sure it is. My "best friend" and mom only care to talk to me when I cheer them up, they never care besides that or needing a favor. I told my bf my chest has been hurting and to please not to argue or stress me out right now and what does he do? He f*cking argues with me over what to eat. He yells at me over food. Is this some joke? I tell him I don't understand why he's getting so mad over something so small and to not yell but he keeps telling so I hang up. I dread him coming home. He doesn't hit me or anything but I know it'll be another pointless argument. What is my point in living? I have maybe 3 people that "care" about me but I sure as hell don't feel it. I have no goals. Things just keep going wrong, I haven't had happiness in years, what did I do wrong? Is there a point to keep going? I'm so afraid to die but I see no reason for myself. I keep expecting life to get better, it's my only reason to look forward to tomorrow. The hope that things will get better. If by some weird chance someone close to me sees this, I'm sorry I've always been useless, I tried to make you guys happy but you guys never tried the same.