Persuade me with reason that life is worth continuing.I am calm, relatively free from emotions of hopelessness at the present moment, and am capable of listening to good suggestions.

I am currently living in a broken economy in a rural county in the Southern U.S. I came to take advantage of an opportunity to room with an old friend for a good price (he has since become domineering and negative to everyone around him). I had grown up here, but had been gone for many years getting a bachelor's and then campaigning during the election. The time between that and where I'm at now is a long story.

I have in good faith and vigor sought employment. I have many applications out for bottom of the barrel federal minimum wage work, despite having a degree. I have followed through and had interviews; I always focus on positivity and what I can do for the company.

This has failed. I've been told having the degree makes me unhirable in this local economy that is already difficult, the main reason being that the employer feels (rightfully) that the probability of long term retention is low. I've had offers from companies that somehow vanish into smoke while they are processing my information. It is entirely possible I will receive offers tomorrow, but the reality is that if I do not receive them within the month that I will no longer be able to sustain myself. 

Unfortunately, I can't crawl into my parents pocket nursing my wounds. They passed very early in my young adulthood and left no assets. Everyone else is far too poor to assist. Losing the ability to pay rent and groceries directly equates to living in the woods, which of course I will not do.

My only ray of hope is....wait for it....a "remote work" opportunity I found online (can see the eyes rolling already). It's a booking agent/advertiser position. So far, it does not appear to be an MLM, but I have severe doubts from my previous experiences with other remote work opportunities. It may or may not be legitimate, and at present I can't make plans based upon it.

It is quickly becoming apparent to me that the best option for self-improvement is to endure strategic homelessness in my state's metro area (which is actually booming in a big way). The probability is high that I can find work, but it is also high that I will remain homeless for the foreseeable future considering the cost of living.

It has been proven that humans' aversion to pain is stronger than the temptation for reward. I'm sitting here contemplating the reality of homelessness in February (I would seek shelters, but still...). There is a certain point where the effort to crawl from crisis is too much to be considered reasonable. 

My options, as far as I can see, are 1) Endure homeless strategically 2) Join the military and try to test into a low position of leadership (or office work) 3) Go Breaking Bad 4) Get fortunate with an employment offer within the next week and a half 5) Poison my grandfather to inherit his meager assets (at this level of crisis...these thoughts honestly become reasonable to my great personal shame) or 6) Take enough pills (there are plenty around although I don't partake) to numb myself to a sharpened blade cutting my wrist.

I do not desire 6. I have no romanticized view that I'm going to "show them all" or that people will ultimately care that much years later. 

Can you persuade me in the event of ruin that is fast approaching, that suicide is not a rational option? 

What would you, given identical circumstances, do? I suspect most of you would be more emotionally compromised and prone to erratic behavior than I currently am. How can someone be expected to cope with this? 
