I dont want to live but i dint want to dieI hate my existence. Every "morning" I wake up around 2pm and force myself to eat a bowl of cereal or something. I then just listen to music or play the same video game until 4am while intermittently walking my dogs. That's it. I know that in a month I have to go back to school, which means every day I will have to get up as early as I sleep now and suffer through hours of classes and stress just to go home and work myself to exhaustion. I also have to find a way to deal with that and the sport I hate but have to play because my parents have already invested too much money into it and I'm already enough of a failure. I used to be good at soccer and I quit because I hated my team and they were all assholes to me. Now I hate my sport because I am not good enough to be varsity and none of my coaches give the slightest fuck about me because of that. I don't have a girlfriend and I know that I'll probably never have one again because I can't talk to anyone let alone women and because no one would deal with my shit every day. Despite this I continue to have vivid fantasies and dreams of going on a date with someone and just talking. I want time to reverse to a time when I still had one of my best friends of 4 years who hates me now even though all I ever did was help her. I want so badly to just live without enormous pressure on me at all times. I also want people to stop praising me like I'm fucking Einstein because I got a 5 on my AP test. I'm not fucking smart. Everyone I know got the same score. I only got that score because I was high in Adderall the entire time. I am tired of living. I am tired of being. burden on everyone in my life. I know that my best friends really despise me and want nothing to do with me because why the fuck would you like me. I just want to swerve into oncoming traffic and die instantly. I just want this to end. I don't want to live but I also don't want to die. As much as I fantasize about death I couldn't actually do it because I know my family would be sad. I just can't anymore.