HellIt's me again .. I've been thinking of writing the rest of my life story I was scared. And now I'm here again.
Here it's 5 am, still can't sleep .

After she found me  , just sitting on the floor , blood everywhere and lots of pills and vodka.
She called the ambulance and they took me.
I had a tube through my nose until it reach my stomach. For a while I was there , police asked me what happened I just said I had severe depression since a little kid , they forgot about it quickly enough.
I was with the same clothes .. I got home , I cleaned my own blood while I asked myself why didn't it work...  well .... because I was stupid .

Several days later I invited some friends , 3 to be exact . I had an infection on my arms due to self harm , I had a severe fever and time to time I fainted.
I remember my "friend" behind me , I remember the moaning and my wall , I drew some flowers there and now I can't look at that wall or lay in that bed. It felt like hours .
Why did I let this happen ? Again .
I had so much pain ...

When he was done he called the other friends and told them I wasn't feeling good , one of them picked me up and layed me down on the couch.
I cried and cried , tried to open my mouth to say somethin but the words didn't come out.
What happened to them ?
One of them I know him since I was 11 , I told him years later and he freaked out and  said sorry numerous of times because he wanted to prevent the situation from happening.

In April I had started a relationship , it lasted 5 years . He controlled my clothes , my social media , didn't let me go  visit my family , he put his hands on me .
After 5 years , I ran away .
Got drunk for 4 days straight , did drugs and slept on the streets .
When I got home I thought he'd left , he didn't . He was drunk and depressed, he grabbed me and hit me again , I planned on staying , not gonna lie but I called the cops .
But I am no longer with him.

Now you ask : why are you so sad if you're no longer in that situation?



I still talk to my childhood abuser , she's my mom . She has borderline and what I feel about her it isn't love , but I don't know what it is.
I look myself in mirror and ask why im still here.
I overthink and question every decision I make.
I can't trust anyone or they'll hurt me again .
I can't let anyone inside my mind or they'll know my darkest secrets.

I was diagnosed with severe depression , PTSD and severe anxiety .

I know what happened to me , but I won't accept it.
I never talk about it but it still haunts me.
When it's my birthday I can't sleep because it was the time they would give me the worst punishment.
I have nightmares that he will appear again and kill me.

I am 24 years old and I don't know who I am ..

I still drink , I still smoke , I still do drugs and I don't care anymore.

I'm still planning how to do it , quick and in a way where nobody can find my body .

Nobody will ever touch me again , even when I'm dead.