Not seeking attention, Just want to get betterI'm writing this more because I have nothing to do at all and I'm so tired of my emotions. I feel so upset all the time and I've tried so hard to make it better I just can't win. I want to live so badly... it's almost unbelievable. I'm just so alone. I feel as if nothing can fix how I feel...

To start I just want to tell a little about myself. After that I'll talk more about why I've made the decision to end my life. And finally what I have done to try and improve and how I have failed.

I'll apologize in advance for my grammar and spelling I'm a drop out with very low level of education. I'm 22 years old and a boy. I have struggled with social anxiety, obsessive compulsive disorder and CONSTANT and SEVERE panic attacks my entire life. I have no friends and obviously no girlfriend. I work around 45 hours a week at a construction job I HATE. But I know I'm lucky to have it and make the money I make because I'm so useless and stupid. My co workers make fun of me but for the most part just avoid me. I work all day and then I come home, Shower and eat dinner and go to sleep. The pain that I feel I honestly can't describe other than just agonizing. It's a frustrating and sharp kind of pain. Sometimes at work while doing some menial task I drift off into fantasies about being someone else or being loved. At night I try my hardest to cry but nothing happens. I feel like I have no release. I feel like nothing ever gets any better. I know that I wont feel happy because I'm afraid to go anywhere other than work and the grocery store. It's so difficult for me to talk to strangers I don't even remember how to have a conversation anymore. I just want to be loved so much. Even just to have a friend. Anything. Anyways enough bitching...

About a year ago I decided I had to make this better. I had nothing at all to loose and I could only get better. I signed up for online dating and browsed the internet for support groups. Unfortunately the closest group for anything even remotely close to depression or anxiety support group was 4 hour drive from here. I can't afford to make that drive and I can't afford therapy. I can barely afford food after my mortgage payments and car payments and everything else. When I go anywhere at all I feel completely invisible. Like I don't even exist. Oh and on the online dating site I got no messages and nobody answered any of like the 7000 I sent out. Nobody is interested in dating a loser. I am okay looking. Not a beast or anything but even if I do get a girlfriend I will never make them happy. I can't be a real person. I can't go outside let alone make someone else happy. The older I get the more I realize the life I had once dreamed of is impossible for me. This is as good as it gets and the pain is unbearable. I know some of you have been lonely before but have you ever gone years without speaking to anyone else? Let alone having any support system. Is it really so bad for me to make this decision? I hate weekdays. I hate weekends. I hate every day. When an animal suffers, isn't the humane thing to do, to put it down? I don't want to die. I want everything to magically get better and me to have something to work for. Something to live for. Somebody rather... But as my mother once told me your life can't improve from inside your house. She is absolutely right and I am a prisoner here for the rest of my life so why keep feeding this little demon of hope burning inside me. Begging me to keep trying. I have found the most painful thing in life is when I give it my best only to find I never had a chance to start... I guess this post is more of a plea for anyone who has ideas because I'm so opposed to the idea of suicide. I know how lucky I was to get a life but I Just wasn't worthy and it was wasted on me I've tried so many different things... But for someone with next to no money it's so hard to get help. I live in the middle of nowhere and nothing is available for me. 

Well... Heres to another wasted weekend. I suppose I'll sit here and stare at this blank screen until I fall back asleep. I'm so afraid. I don't want to die, I just don't want to hurt anymore. It hurts so much and it's been going on for so long, it never gets better. Never. 

Thanks