Finally opening upHey Guys and Gals. This is tough, but you all give me motivation to open up. Just a little background history, I was born in Austin TX without my dad by my side, my mothers dad paid people to make sure he never saw me, I met my dad when i was 18. Before then iv been raped and severely mentally abused by my first step dad an ex marine, who also cheated on my mom twice, once with her cousin. I was never allowed to hang out with my little brother cause that was "his" kid. I was beaten one day for playing hot wheels with him. My second step dad changed my mom, she would never hear me out. I had a episode one night when I was about 16, they sent me to 3 rehabs for being depressed which only made it worse. Fast forward, I meet the fucking love of my life, all the therapy I need because I can completely open up to her. I love my now wife, I love her so much. So fucking much. Her dad killed himself 2 years ago, I got close with him. Anyways, about a year n half ago I had a small crush on an employee I worked with, she found me liking pictures of her on social media...but I led her to believe I was just trying to be friends, I lied to her face about it for a year and she found out and now the trust is completely gone. I never cheated, I never did anything I do with my wife with someone else. But the trust is just out, I know she wants someone else now. She was my princess,  iv told her how embarrassed I am, how I feel like a small worthless bug over it, iv always been so loyal, I was scared to look in another girls direction cause I wanted my princess to know I worshipped her. My only God damn lifeline, and I fucked up. I lied. Like a pathological liar. When I loved the trust we had. I'm a piece of shit. I tried to kill my self and the fucking bullet litterly miss fired. I want more, I love the thought of my warm blood being the last thing I feel, all my ugliness, all my muddy worthless thoughts running down my lifeless body......iv fucked up. Iv always craved suicide but I was always caught and stopped. Once my life line is gone I'm kicking it y'all, I'm beyond just done of going around being a fucking peice of shit. I'm going to wake up and she will be gone. Please help. I'm shaking, I need to hurt my self, I'm so fucking ashamed in my self for this...I was litterly a prince charming. I amounted to something in life for once....