I am a danger to myself but I don't want to be institutionalized (again) - rantSo, I tried to kill myself twice last year. One attempt was via pills, specifically Oxycontin and Prozac. One was with the good ole' knife and sleeping pills strategy. Today, I wanted to go blood thinners, knife and a few bottles of Visine, but I decided to post here right now for the mere reason that I can't even cut myself enough to die/pass out. 

I'm on antidepressants for major depression; specifically Cymbalta. 120 mgs. I am 18. Male. I have friends. I am not a socially awkward nerd. I have had sex with humans before. My marks in school are pretty good.

I have been feeling fine for many months but this past week I've been a wreck. This was somehow (hilariously) triggered from listening to Sigur Ros' lead singer's new solo album into thinking "kill yourself, you can never create beautiful art, no one will ever love you, your life is meaningless, you are a horrible person, your family hates you, your friends hate you, you hate yourself, you don't actually like anyone, you are a pretentious faggot, you think you're better than everyone, you are cynical, you are falling behind on assignments, school is a waste of time, good marks don't satisfy you anymore, you are ugly, you are awkward, either start using opiates again or kill yourself; die, die, die, die, do the world a favour." 

I assume you'll tell me to take CBT or something. I've taken that before. I've done that nonsense.

What I want to do is get help of course; but I am not going to a fucking mental hospital again. They have made up the two worst experiences of my life. I leave them a much more shaken and broken person. The nurses and doctors treat you like shit, you sleep on a tiny bed, are given inedible food, have nothing to do all day, and are generally humiliated, emotionally destroyed and tortured for a few weeks. You have to lie to every staff member to have some slight possibility of ever going home - shit, ever going OUTSIDE again. My second time there I made a vow to be successful if I ever attempt suicide again.

Preemptive strike: I don't care how my family feels about me killing myself; they are horrible people and deserve to suffer. I don't care about my fucking friends. I have no pets. Suicide hotlines and such are hilariously useless at giving one advice. Therapists are completely useless. 

So my dilemma is as follows: I, right now, want to kill myself, have no easy way of doing it and seriously want help. **What should I do? How can I help myself?**