It’s all crashing down around me.Everything started years back, I was bullied constantly in school during my childhood for not looking good enough and being overweight, so I started eating less and less to try and be as ”perfect” as everybody else who was teasing me was. 

Couple of years later, I was diagnosed with a non-lethal, but certainly agonizing, both physically and mentally, disease, with possible roots to me barely eating for several years.

Ever since those younger years, all of the emotions inside my head have amplified, more and more, and sometimes I can’t sleep for several days in a row because constant thoughts of suicide and self harm are racing on my mind. When I don’t cut or scratch myself, my entire forearms and legs start to itch terribly, which makes this whole ordeal not possible to improve on.

I ruined all the relationships I’ve had with friends, my own family, relatives and people I’ve loved through being so lost and destroyed that I can’t even function normally anymore. I lost the last few good friends that I had during the end of last year, and I certainly won’t be getting any new friends, as I am extremely undesireable and fucked up.

My parents have started treating me like shit the last few years because I can’t reach up to their set goals and expectations on how successful I need to be with friends, getting a partner, succeeding in school, sports, you name it, I suck at everything.

Tonight, the only thing I want to do is to make all of this end. I can’t take all of the torment and pain anymore. I know that I am a worthless piece of shit, as said by my parents, and I also know that whatever way I try to improve my situation, it just won’t work.

I feel empty and numb. None of the old things that I used to love to do, like sports and video games, don’t even give me one little spark of happiness anymore. I can barely even get out of bed in the morning. 

I wish that tonight will be the last night of my life. I know that people will be better off without me in their life, especially my parents, as I am nothing but a failure to them.  I’ve chosen my method and planned it out fully, hopefully everything will work out.

Hopefully, my next life will be better...