NightmareI never thought I would write a post here but I really am both terrified and kind of excited and I hope it is ok to just let it out here and get some feedback from someone who may have been in this position before.

I've felt suicidal for a long time and it seems to get much worse periodically.  Right now I am in a crisis period and can think of nothing else most of the time.  
I ordered something online that I know will work and that will not look like a suicide and I received it on April 1st.
It requires some preparation and I finished that last night but it was not the right time or scenario, I have it planned very specifically.  

It is extremely important to me that no one knows it is a suicide but there is one person who will know for sure and that is my therapist.
I've been seeing him for a few years and he has helped me through a lot of bad things but this time I truly feel like I cannot deal with everything anymore and nothing he says has really changed that.   He's a wonderful person and I really love him and one thing I have never been able to do is lie to him. He knows that and when he asks me specific questions, I tell him the truth even if it is about suicidal things.
He knows I have this stuff and is really upset and I think he's also pissed off about it.  

When I finished getting this ready last night, I felt almost exhilarated because I know for sure that I am totally able to do it.
 I woke up last night yelling and jumping out of bed because I had a dream that I did it and was successful and I died.  Even though it is almost 3 hours later, I am still shaking but I also feel really good because in the dream I was able to make a final few phone calls that would convince everyone that it really was an accident and it did not hurt, it was quick and painless.

I have decided that today will be a time that I will really pay attention to every single thing and each person I know so I can be certain that this is the right thing to do.  

I have a question and hope that someone here will know the answer.  If I do it and no one else knows it was a suicide, would my therapist be required to go to the police or coroner and tell them or would he not be allowed to bring it up to anyone unless he is questioned?  I believe that he must maintain confidentiality unless he is subpoenaed, right?

Thanks for reading, it is not necessary to worry about convincing me to not do it or anything, I really believe I need to decide for myself and I just kind of want some feedback from someone who must make it look like an accident and maybe someone who knows the law on patient confidentiality.

