A rant. You don't have to respond or even read it, I just have to get it out somewhere I guess.It will be a goddamn miracle if I'm still alive by graduation. I'm not sure how I've managed to live this long to be honest. Suicide attempt at 8-years-old, fuck yeah. Indicative of what was to come, right? Something like 11, 12, 13, I don't even know how many years of self injury at this point. Varying degrees of seriousness. Hits that don't even leave a mark to cuts that should've gotten stitches. Never went for them, was too afraid of anyone finding out what they were from, and now I just have a couple pretty gross-looking scars. Had a scar reading “I hat me” for like a year (luckily it's faded to nothing) because I was too young to know how to properly spell “hate.” Old enough to carve it into my stomach though. I think I was in 1st grade.



 “Life is beautiful.” Yeah, it is. That is 100% pure truth. You know what would be even more beautiful? Life without me in it. Anyone ever think of that? No? Maybe they should. God knows I've thought about it enough. Why couldn't I have just been successful the first time, save everybody the hassle of ever having known me? The way I tried, my parents surely would've thought it was an accident too. I mean fuck, what kid that young kills themselves anyways?



Now if I do it, I'm going to hurt so many people. People who I don't in any way deserve to have in my life. They're all so much better than me. I am, no question about it, fundamentally bad. Can I hide it well? Of course I can. But you get deep enough down, and I'm unfixable. I'm not a good person. That isn't something you can just *change*. I keep considering breaking up with my SO just so it's one less person who will give a shit if I go through with it. I keep trying to put distance between my roommate, who considers me to be her best friend, and myself. I know she likes me, but I'm bad for her, she can do infinitely better. I'd be helping her by stopping being her friend. 



My parents are my parents though. Doesn't matter how fundamentally fucked up I am, they'll love me all the same, a case proven by my brother and his craziness. My parents love their children unquestioningly. I can't do this to them. I know the havoc it would wreak on their lives, the irreparable damage it would cause if I were to commit suicide. So, for now, I'm still here. I will be until I won't permanently fuck up anyone's life by being dead. But the moment I feel I can off myself without serious damage to anyone else, I'm gone.