I feel like I'm just in a constant cycle of rejectionI just feel like every day is a constant struggle. I’m a 24 year old college graduate with a dead end job in retail. I have a 7 year old that I can’t even take care of and have no real possibility of getting him back from foster care because I can’t find a job to sustain my basic needs and pay for care for him while I work. I was diagnosed with Rheumatoid Arthritis and come June I lose my health insurance because I can’t afford it anymore. Come the summer, I’ll be homeless since my roommate is moving and I can’t find a 1 bedroom cheaper than 800.00 and I will have to start paying on 50,000 in student loans. I work 40 hours a week with a take home pay of only 1100 a month. I just don’t know what to do anymore. I’ve attempted suicide 7 times in the past 15 years and have been in and out of hospitals. I was diagnosed with borderline personality disorder, I can’t afford medications, or therapies. I’ve tried reaching out for help from friends but they have told me that I have no room to complain because I’m white with a job, car, and college education. Sure, my life isn’t as bad as other people’s but my problems are still my problems and they still suck. I just feel the constant sting of rejection. I’ve applied for hundreds of jobs in the past two years and haven’t gotten a single interview. I feel like I wasted years of my life in college accruing debt and making my circumstances harder. All of my relationships have fallen apart and I have a hard time getting along with people and feeling like I have a purpose in life. I’ve squandered all of my talents and wasted years of my life just living for the sake of living. I’ve struggled for years to try and make a life for myself and as soon as I feel like I’m getting somewhere, something shit’s all over it. I don’t find any happiness or enjoyment from life anymore. I just sleep, eat, and work. I come home and lay in bed and don’t leave it until I have to go to work again. I’m just sick of being a slave to the money and I just think it would be better if I just stopped living. I don’t want to be in pain anymore. I just don’t see the point in this anymore. I don’t have any family, and my son hasn’t seen me in months, so nobody would miss me. I work for a pharmacy, so I have the means to make an end. And I don’t want to hear that shit “oh it gets better, give it time” because I’ve given it 24 years and it’s not fucking getting better. I can't keep hanging on to hope without any real results to support it. Every day just gets worse and I feel more hopeless. I’m just sick of living like this. 