I'm not gonna kill myselfI have no intention of killing myself. I do not want to die. I love my life. I love being alive! 

Everyday I think about killing myself. Sometimes it sounds like a very stupid idea. Other days I feel like I might just slip away and fall in to death comfortably, like I won't miss being alive at all.

I don't wanna kill myself. I want to live. Sometimes I feel so worthless that I think I don't deserve to live. I think I'm so disgustingly ugly that I don't want anyone to see my body. I just wanna get away. How do I escape my life? I need away for a minute. The things I need to escape from are the things I live the most. They hurt my heart and make me feel sad. 

When I have nothing to do and I'm just at home, a deep dread rises in my chest. I feel no motivation to live. I just want out of the house. I wanna get away. I have to wait until the day is over and I go to work the next day. On days where I stay home, I feel like my life isn't worth living. There is nothing for me on the planet and no one cares about me. 

I am upset. I just wanna be myself. I feel like everyone is constantly judging me. I'm not good enough. I'm not pretty enough. I'm too stupid or rude or annoying or clingy.... I want people to like me and understand me. I want them to give me a chance. 

I don't hate my body anymore, and I think it's very pretty. I'm by no means sexy, but I am beautiful. I have a nice face and good hair. I wish my boobs and butt were bigger..... 

Sometimes I wanna get diagnosed, because I think I have some mental disorder. I'm not normal. I process information a lot differently than most people. I'm smart, but I don't handle emotions like most people do. I want to get diagnosed, so I can understand and feel validated. Like, why did I used to have panic attacks or think someone was watching me? Why don't I anymore? Why am I depressed? Why am I so socially awkward? I like people. Why can't I talk to them? Why do I feel like I have some form of autism or something? (Not to be insensitive to people with autism. I don't think I have autism. I just feel like I have something.) I can't always understand social cues or when something is a joke.... The list goes on. Idk what is wrong with me.

Anyways, I haven't been diagnosed, but I think I have depression. I don't wanna treat it with medication. I feel like I should only treat it with meds if I actually wanna commit suicide. I want to learn to cope with it on my own. Looking back, I think I've had it since I was in about fourth grade.

I'm not gonna kill myself, but I think about it often. I think about how I would do it or who would care. I don't talk about it much anymore, because I am tired of whining about my feelings to people. I just wanna be real and be mature. I don't want to rely on anyone else to cope with my feelings. I just wanna let my feelings go.