I don't know who I am anymoreThat's where I'm at right now as I write this. I've been depressed for years now, but the depression this time is different, stronger. I don't really feel down, I just feel empty, drained of everything that was ever considered me. I rarely 'feel' anything anymore, or at least I no longer know how or what to feel. Things I used to enjoy I can no longer stand or no longer get any pleasure out of. I have no motivation to do anything other than sleep and I only do things because I'm obligated to. My personality is gone as well and the feelings I've had for those close to me are no longer there. When I call my dad or mom I feel nothing. I don't feel like myself anymore and I have no idea who I am anymore. I just feel like a ghost crudely occupying and controlling a fleshy shell. I mean, there are times when my legs or my hands don't feel like mine. My cognitive ability is completely shot as well and I can barely remember things more than a day's past. Just typing this is an ordeal, constant spelling mistakes and typos.

On top of all this, I have no one to talk to. I have no friends to talk to. Sure, my Facebook profile says otherwise, but I never talk to any of them online, let alone IRL. I can't even tell my family because I know all they'll do is worry and try to fruitlessly help. I mean, I sometimes go so long without talking to someone that I will forget how to speak properly, even with people I know quite well. I wish I had someone I could talk to on a regular basis, but I've realized this will never happen because I always end driving people away for one reason another, be it my personality and mannerisms, or just because they found something better. Some say a therapist or counselor might help, but they never have for me. 

The problem is myself. I'm physically repulsive. I've seen the way people look at me and the way they behave around me. I mean, who wants to be seen talking to a fat, greasy, pizza faced, creeper-stache monster with a sweat problem? Even if they can get past that outer shell, what they find isn't any better. I'm a dull person. The things that interest me typically don't interest others and vice versa. My personality and interests just aren't compatible with most people. And even with people that share the same interests I usually end up screwing things up by doing something stupid, or something about me drives them away.

And for those that are close to me I feel like an inconvenience. Maybe not so much a burden, but just one of those people where others go, "Oh, here comes THAT guy again. Quick, let's think of a reason not to hang out with him." FFS, I even feel this way with complete strangers. When I'm crossing the road, buying groceries, riding the bus, or just simply standing around. I just get this sense that people wish I weren't there. That if I weren't, their day would be 100% better.

I'm also an addict, or rather becoming one. For years I was addicted to sleeping pills and benzos, anything that would knock me out and numb the mental pain. Then I was diagnosed with HPPD and I stopped for awhile. Then I became addicted to benzos again and I started drinking. I managed to kick those for a few months, but now I'm back at it. Every night I find myself drinking or experimenting with some new benzo. 

Anyways I feel like I'm rambling a bit. I guess if anything could stop me from doing what I'm planning on doing, it would be if I could have myself back and someone close to talk to. I want the old me back, the me that had friends and enjoyed things like playing guitar or staying up until 5am to figure out a bug in some code. And I wish I had someone I could talk to about how I feel. Because I don't have someone to talk to, I just keep things in and never let them out and I think I finally broke whatever was inside of me by doing so. Some might say get a therapist, but I've tried in the past and it just doesn't feel genuine enough. I need a friend, not a therapist. Some might also say to call up some old buddies from high school, but again, I feel like I'm such an inconvenience to them. 

Anyways, come Wednesday night (I have some things I need to take care of on Monday and Tuesday, some final preparations) I'll finally be done with this. It's not that I'm in any sort of emotional or psychological pain, it's just that I'm tired of not feeling, tired of feeling like an empty shell. Unless a miracle happens between now and then, there's no stopping me now. I've gathered my materials and made my preparations. I'm just putting this here because I felt like I should at least get these things off my chest.
