After I Fail High School I Plan on Ending itI used to do so well at school. I loved to learn, and I had passions and ambitions. Since elementary school my teachers and peers around me would tell me what a good student I was and how I was going to grow up to be a productive adult. My family, none of which really went to college, has always supported me to doing better and making something for myself. I’ve always wanted to make them proud and I always have, until last year. 


Before my junior year my grades were exceptional. I took advanced classes and my gpa for awhile was a 4.6. I was diagnosed with depression and anxiety years prior but it never really interfered with my school work. My social life was typically triggering but the grades I made would always be there to cushion me. In the 11th grade I took a class which lead me to failure. I kept failing and falling behind on the work. I would be so stressed about it I wouldn’t get other things done and they would eventually build up. It was overwhelming. So overwhelming I attempted suicide. 


I obviously failed that attempt, and I was glad that I had for awhile. After being hospitalized I developed an appreciation for life, and an even bigger appreciation for the people around me who support me. I tried to do better and with a lot of help from multiple teachers I was able to pass most of my classes last year. After a rediagnosis of severe depression and change in medication I had hope. The hope lasted during the summer. I was glad I passed a lot of my classes and I was  content with pushing the idea of credit recover to the back of my mind. I had a whole year to worry about that. 


Right now I’m nearing the end of my first semester for senior year. My grades did not progress this year, and my lack of will to do the hundreds of assignments that would raise a failing grade to a slightly less failing grade is faint. I don’t have the stamina nor emotional nor mental motivation to continue. I am so sad and disappointed in myself that I’m going to disappoint my family and friends(who mostly are all going off to college). After graduation I’m going to be devoid of my friends, who are some of the only reasons I keep up with daily life, and I know I’m going to be a useless waste on my family. I love my family so much but it hurts knowing that I’m hurting them with my inability to just do the stupid work. 


I don’t know why it’s so hard for me to do my assignments. But it’s impossible. I can’t imagine passing all of my classes and finishing all of the work I have to finish for the classes I have now along with the ones I have to make up from last year. I just don’t think I can do it. If i don’t do that though I won’t be able to find any kind of job to hire me that I could eventually live off of. I would have to try and do my GED which would take even more out of me and feel even worse. But even if I got it I wouldn’t have the same credentials as a graduate. I won’t be able to get a job or find anyone, my life would just be a sad attempt at surviving. These days I’m really wishing I succeeded the first time because it just got worse. I can’t imagine letting myself live past this tremendous failure that is about to happen. There’s no making up for how much of a failure I am. It feels like the only decent thing I can do is rid the people in my life of the burden that is me.