just don't know where to startTypical 25 year old bum here. Graduated from college 2 years ago with degree in Literature, working as a barista. Just broke up with fiance of five years, moved in my dad and driving his spare minivan since my boyfriend got the vehicle. Broke, lots of student loans and some debt from medical issues, very few good job prospects (but lots of unpaid internship offers-great!). The relationship with my fiance was verbally abusive (and physically, on one occasion), so it's technically good that I'm out, but he also kept me very isolated, so I have no friends who stay in contact. I have a long history of abuse and depression, though - was in foster care for a while and have had suicidal thoughts since I was about twelve, though never nearly so frequently as I do now.

I just don't know where to even start, Reddit. I'd love to get my masters - that was the original plan - but immediately after college, my mom died, and my boyfriend really became quite overbearing and insulting, and somehow all my plans derailed. Now I feel like a typical 20something loser living with my dad, driving a minivan, with only my dog for a friend. Part of me knows that getting back into college is the obvious solution - I always excelled in school - but by now, I am so depressed and anxious that it's getting harder to function everyday. Even simple tasks like talking to people on the phone or trying to make plans for the future can cause me to just break down. I don't want to commit money and time to a masters only to get there and have a mental breakdown. Obviously, it would be great if I could go there and turn my life around, but I worry. I worry I'm too weak after all these years of sadness.

Too unmotivated to do a lot of things, really. I don't get much joy out of any hobbies anymore, and I've lost my appetite in general. A lot of nights I'd honestly commit suicide if it weren't for my dog; I'm rather attached to the girl and refuse to leave her. But isn't that sad, that a dog is the one and only thing tethering me here? I don't know what I'm looking for; literally any advice or kind words would help. I feel so lost and lonely a lot of the time, very aimless.