there is no solutionI am 21 and going to graduate (maybe). I know I've been battling my depression for over 5 years now. I got diagnosed my freshman year of college and was put immediately on anti-depressants but with no support group I abused them (mixed them) and abruptly stopped seeing a therapist and taking anti-depressants after a psychotic breakdown that I dealt with on my own with the help of my apartment neighbor who just wanted me to stop screaming at 2am. My therapist never checked in on me after missing an appointment and for whatever paranoia reason, I have a difficult time working with therapists since then and I've resolved to not try medication until I am living with someone who would be watchful of my intake-but that's a lot to ask for from any friend (it's a lot of emotional, mental, and physical time they have to put in when we are all in the same sort of almost-post-grad limbo of our lives and while I don't doubt they would be happy to-it would strain our relationship as I have see it strain when I get into my worst lows). 


I've worked at least seven temp jobs in the last year, on top of a regular PT job to make rent and tuition. I don't have the money or insurance policy that would let me be an inpatient without an extreme amount of debt. I've failed so many classes that I may not graduate and even if I did, would not be able to get a job based on my GPA. And I just keep feeling like it's a cycle. I want to get out but I wish I just had something going for me-whether it was an academic advantage or financial support or emotional security. Every month since 2014 has been me scrambling to make ends meet, another problem arising, and I feel like I'm just fraying out. I wish I had the luxury to just take care of myself without stressors but that seems highly unlikely to happen. 


The only support I have are my friends, whom I cherish deeply and have no distrust of their love for me. This is something I consider to be very blessed for. However, at the end of the day, it is not enough. I don't want to put that much pressure on them to keep me alive when it is so many other environmental stressors which are eating me alive. I am so exhausted. I feel so empty. I cry most nights and find my days, become weeks, become months of unfulfilling existence. I cannot be motivated. I find myself addicted to momentary distractions like a new tv show or game in which the moment it becomes like a gray blur, I feel my chest constrictions and increased heart beat. I have constant headaches. I feel so out of body I think I'm a puppeteer moving this body and making it speak in weird ways.  


I think I would be a lot happier if I just killed myself, and I think more relieved to know I have an end goal in site. I have been mildly suicidal for some time, but know it's unhealthy to wish to die so much. It used to just be the wish to disappear or never exist, but this past month I've thought more about detailed ways to wanting to kill myself and feeling more and more detached with myself. 


I know this is not the first of my problems or the last. I just feel like I'm on a sinking ship and have been patching holes for the last 6 years and am thinking it's worth more to just let go while I can. I don't know why, but I just need to talk about this. 