The final straw.If anything else goes wrong in my life I think I’m going to end it. You can read my other posts if you want, but I’ll summarize. I’m terrible at everything and have dreams that I will probably never accomplish, I know I’m fourteen but I’m still tired of stuff. My family seems to have mixed feelings about me, and so do the people I thought I was “friends” with. I’ve made multiple attempts in my life before, but these past few months I’ve been getting better, until three days ago, when I lost many of the things that were holding me back. I got accused of rape w my girlfriend who I was deeply in love with, my tenth girlfriend in my life who happened to be the only supportive one. She lied about me raping her. This ruined my relationship with my mom and obviously my relationship with her. My dad has been acting more supportive and I don’t understand why because he’s always been the abusive one in the family, but if he was angry at me like how he usually is, then I probably wouldn’t be here. Maybe he realized how depressed I got and he felt he shouldn’t add to that. Maybe he is a good person after all. I feel like I only have one true friend. It’s sad. Yeah thinks might get better in high school but if things don’t start getting better soon I don’t feel like putting in the effort to live, I have so many things to do all the time and I’m just so terrible and disappointing everyone. I have terrible adhd, it’s gotten 10x worse because of my anti depressants and mood stabilizers. The people I really care about have been struggling with mental health lately, but I feel like if anything happened to me they might feel even worse and be influenced to do the same. But then again, they don’t hit me up first and never want to talk to me, I ask them to call and they just are blatantly like “I don’t want to, no”. They don’t even make an excuse, but I appreciate the honesty. I’ve struggled with narcissism these past few years, I don’t even know where it came from. I’m just super obsessed with the way I look and I think I look really good, but nobody else thinks that so I just hate myself. The only girls that have found interest in me are “low tier” shit, my best friend is texting me, I gotta dip. If y’all have any questions just ask me in the comments.