My own worst enemy. And other enemies. I am at the end of my rope so to speak.Summer 2014. That was the time things started to look up for me. until it didn't.....
I've had suicidal thoughts on and off since age 14. I am diagnosed with add, anxiety disorder and severe depression. About to get bipolar disorder diagnose. I'm nearly 50 now, and I had hoped that life would be reasonably ok by now. But someone wanted it differently.
In 2014 I got a new therapist. An amazing therapist actually. I thought finally! Maybe now I could start to rebuild my life. And then everything went downhill. It started with some weird things showing up on my computer. Unfortunately I'm out of work, so I had plenty of time to try and figure out what was happening. Only problem is that I know very little about hacking. Well, I say only problem. Having several diagnoses doesn't help either. Still, it didn't keep me from investigating. It got bad. Really bad. I got more and more paranoid. Little sleep. Forgot to eat. Survived on french fries, cigarettes and soda. Perhaps you wonder why I reacted so strongly? Well, as I said, it STARTED with my computer. Then my mail got hacked, my facebook, my twitter account. Money has been taken from my bank account. My phone is hacked. I have been followed around by various people. They, whoever they are, have my medical records. My flat was broken in to. Nothing was stolen, but things had been moved around. Among other things, the letter from the police saying my case had been rejected due to capacity, was moved from a cupboard and layed on the table. My dog had been hurt. How badly I didn't find out until the vet told me. She was badly injured internally, and had to be put to sleep. She was only 4 years old. If I had money, then maybe I could pay someone to figure out who's doing all this. I cannot understand why I am being terrorized like this if it's by strangers. It must be by someone who really hates me. And I have no clue who it is, or why. It is very unsettling to live like this. Always watched, always. I thought I'd gone full paranoid. That all this was in my mind. And then they hacked my parents computers and phones. My parents are in their 80s. No shame these criminals. No shame. 

I also have huge debts. That doesn't help at all. My parents, oh god, I feel so ashamed. I feel it's my fault they had to get new phones, new computer. They are the nicest people you'd ever find. It hurts like hell to know that someone is taking advantage of them probably because of me and my "investigating." I'd probably should have just let them terrorize me and done nothing. Maybe, just maybe, they would have left my parents alone. Still, it's not just these past events that makes me feel bad. I've had help from my parents as long as I can remember. And I've given nothing but grief in return. They'd be so much better off if they'd never had me.
My biggest fear is that they go after my son next. He is the only thing keeping me alive at the moment. I need to think of something to say to him before I leave for good. I know he'd be better off without me. I just wish I'd been successful when I attempted suicide when he was a baby. Then he wouldn't have remembered me. 
I'm rambling. I know. I am trying to tell a story, but the words seem wrong, jumbled. It feels like I'm not able to tell you how bad it feels to have an invicible enemy. And on the back of that, I'm being my own enemy as well. It's too much to handle. They/he/she, whoever it is, are killing me slowly. Maybe that's the intention? Harass me until I make the last and final move myself? I can't know where I'd been without all this, but I have a feeling that maybe I would finally had been allright. Maybe. Now I'll never know. It's been a year and a half now, I doubt they're about to leave me alone now. So, I see no other solution. No way out but the final exit. 