WhyI hate my fucking life, I’ve wanted to kill myself for years now. It’s just so unfair. Why am I being punished? I don’t understand it. This is the first time I’ve ever opened up fully to anyone but I can’t take it anymore and I’m a little drunk so that helps. I’m a 21 year old male I’ve been fucked over by people my whole life. I used to be pretty fat in middle and high school but recently lost a lot of weight I’ve never had a real relationship or in that fact real sex. The past few years have been shit. Freshman year of college I got in my first “relationship” and was cheated on and lied to before the relationship was a week old so it ended after like 6 days. Sophomore year I was raped by a girl. Junior year I fell in love and was ghosted after three months. The only time I’ve had sex was when I was raped. Trust me I’ve tried to have sex but I was either to fat in the past or most recently with the girl that ghosted me, I made a move while we were making out and she said no so I stopped. I don’t know what to do. I feel like most of my problems stem from girls and my confidence. I feel like I deserve better than a girl that just smokes weed all day and is kinda rude and gross (no offense). I feel like those are the main girls that talk to me on dating apps and nowadays that’s the only way I can meet people because of the quarantine. The girls I’ve been in “relationships” in the past have been really pretty but I’m so scared that I won’t meet someone like that who would last. What is wrong with me? I’m super nice but not the weird asshole kind of nice guy (fuck those guys). I’m pretty funny, at least funnier than my friends that hang out with girls all the time. I don’t know what to do I’m so lost. I cry myself to sleep almost every night. I’m jealous of my friends (former popular kids in high school) they meet girls so easy because of their confidence and looks but they are such assholes. I just want to die, when the girl I was last talking to ghosted me I started cutting, I’ve never done that before but it really helped me find physical pain to match my emotional pain. I’ve held a knife up to my throat so many times before but I can never go through with it. I pray to god constantly throughout the day to give me the courage to kill myself but my prayers are never answered, just like the prayers for god to help me out in life. I know that one day I will kill myself, the question isn’t if, but when. I’m sorry for such a long post but it kinda helped me to write it all out.