I know my thought is fucked up and I can't help it. Can someone maybe make me realise how wrong I am?I have seen a lot of posts talking about how they are still here just because they don't want to upset their families. I totally get that as I myself is experiencing the same thing as well. I have not done it because I know my parents care about me and I can't even imagine how they would react if I'm gone, let alone how it would hurt them or how my other dickhead relatives might judge them.

To approach a problem, I always like to see it almost from a third-person-angle. This lets me think of a solution in an objective way like an emotionless robot.

Back to the focus of this post. I know this can sound very fucked up but thats the solution I came up with. Now objectively speaking, the problem that I'm dealing with is 'I want to kill myself but I can't because it will upset my parents and I don't want them to go though that'. That means, the obstacle is the very fact that 'my parents will stay alive after I make the move'. I think the solution is pretty obvious at this point and I can already sense the disgust of people reading this towards me. That's right, what about, I kill them first, then there will be nothing stopping me to achieve my goal. After they are gone, there will be nothing holding me back, no need to worry about how sad they will be, no need to worry about how they will deal with their lives after I'm gone, nothing, finally.

I know some of you might think that it is not that easy for this plan to work in practice. But honestly, my parents have complete trust on me and we have really good relationships. It would not be difficult to put a knife in their throats or just slice them open, one by one.

I know this is very selfish, but isn't this what suicide is all about? We can't stand to live with whatever we are dealing with anymore and that's why we want an escape, once and for all. Most likely though, I will never have the guts to actually go with this plan but the fact that I can even come up with this whole idea does bother me from time to time. But then again, I would always tell myself, 'isn't this the most direct way to solve this problem?'.

I apologise if I make your day even worse by making this post. I'm so sorry.