I'm going to kill myself. Thank god for gunshows and lax Texas gunlaws.I'm planning to kill myself sometime from the 23rd to the 1st, that's when my school has its thanksgiving break so I have a whole week to do it. I'm planning to buy some cheap gun from a gunshow (all you need is a handshake and money :)) then blow my brains out through the roof of my mouth or pointing through my brain from below my ear (heard these are the two most effective ways of doing it, did you know you can survive a shotgun wound from below the chin?). I'm planning to smoke 50 mg of DMT right before I do it (maybe even shoot myself right as I come down or while I'm high). Hopefully it will give me some sense of closure or lessen my fear of death, or whats left of it.

I am such a fat, short, ugly, miserable piece of shit. I hate everyone around me but I hate myself even more. If I just kill myself I wouldn't be a burden anymore. The whole thing that prevents many others from doing it "your parents will be sad". I doubt my parents will give a shit. They've both been divorced for years, my dad gives more of a shit about his girlfriend than me or my autistic brother, and my mom is about to go to jail again since she cares more about meth than her kids. I doubt my friends would give a shit either, they all hate me for one reason or another. They always thought I was some one-dimensional caricature of "the funny guy". Oh no you can't be depressed you're so convenient hahahaahahaahahhahae45rhjsaedr5thrade

I understand how unattractive I am, but I was fucking stupid enough to believe I had a chance at something, some semblance of intimacy. I don't even know what I'm typing. I'm so fucking tired all the time.

I don't know why I'm making this post. I don't even think I'm depressed, I have no anxiety and I have no trouble talking to people, but I just fucking abhor everyone, but myself even more. There's really no point to this post, maybe it just feels better to let someone know rather than it be a complete surprise. I just want to talk to someone who at least understands me from this perspective.