my soulmate just got marriedthey just moved in together today. shes probably getting fucked right now..

8 months ago she was the one asking me to go exclusive. she was scared i would leave her for someone else. we fell in love when we were 21 but shes in another country. we were together kinda off and on again. it was a weird relationship. one day i proffessed my undying love and she didnt like it. she stopped answering. i spent the next 5 years drifting. i dated another girl, in real life. for a year. it didnt work. there just wasnt any love there.

i moved out of my parents house and went to college at 28. yeah. A few weeks after i arrived this girl reached out and immediately the fire was back. we sexted the first night and things just got more and more intense from there. She claimed to not remember why we stopped talking. wanted me to trust her. said she thinks mayne she did love me. after some prodding its clear she does remember what happened. shes all apologetic and shit. she actually listens to me now and is more mature. everything is perfect. i believe in fate and destiny again. i believe shes my soulmate. we share every intimate detail of our lives together.. just through text. its like we became 1 single person and mind.

but after that is just a blur. im lazy or depressed or incompetent and failed school. while that was going on i withdrew from the relationship and she went on a date to spite me. i didnt wanna give her the satisfaction so i said fine i dont care. but i ended up caring. she ended up saying that nothing happened and they agreed to be just friends. when i told her about school that was the end. her reaction is burned into my mind. just that one word.. "what." her love was gone after that. she said there was no future with me so she didnt feel anything anymore. I almost had alcohol poisoning and spiralled for weeks

A few weeks later she casually mentioned that she was now dating the guy she went out with. A few more weeks she mentioned something about marriage. i thought she was joking. she wasnt. next thing i know shes met his family and vice versa. Shes indian and i am not and she says her family will make her marry a gujarati. which this guy is. so she says shell have an arranged marriage. that she doesnt feel anything and maybe they arent compatible but love can come after marriage. she says things will be rocky and they fight a lot.

he is traditional and is waiting for sex after marriage. she is an incredibly kinky nympho whos also dominant and controlling and would be any subs dream. this guy isnt a sub. or kinky. one day she tries being sexy for him and takes her shirt off while he isnt looking and he yells at her and says good girls dont act like that. she comes crying to me about it. that was just too much and i seriously meant to kill myself and i told her so. that wasnt out of the blue or anything mind you. i went out following the train tracks but i was just too scared and couldnt do it. i wanted her to be guilty and i didnt wanna be a liar so i kept her number blocked after that for a few months.

but she reached out in other ways multiple times so i told her i was alive still. We talked a few times. i argued and complained. probably blocked her again. she reached out more and i unblocked again. last week i shamefully lashed out in a really toxic abusive rant and that did a lot of damage. yet she still let me apologize even though she said i wasnt allowed to know about her wedding or her life now and she didnt want anything from me anymore even as friends. she told me to leave her alone now and she was scared that i would ruin her wedding. what a thing to be told, lemme say lol.

the other day i tried to say goodbye again and she texted back saying she got married yesterday. i asked if it was as good as she hoped and she said yeah its good and they just moved in together today. i tried engaging with her and she just started ignoring me again.

i'm too scared to kill myself but i dont want to be. im trying so hard to be ok with it. ill be 30 soon and my parents still pay for everything.. ive worked 1 real job in my life. ive been trying to get a degree for like 10 years. im addicted to weed and the internet and games and stuff. i refuse to better myself in any way. I used to be a sweet sensitive innocent kid but i gave all of my love and energy to one person and theres nothing left. Now my personality is so incredibly bitter and toxic. not only that but ive forgotten how to even talk to people anymore. People on fetlife or dating apps used to answer me but not anymore. 

My parents are 70. my dad hates me and doesnt talk to me but he still paid for my apartment and college and stuff because my mom made him. But ive been kicked out of college now and he said he wouldnt pay anymore. Im not welcome at home anymore. My dad just got cancer and had an operation on it. my mom has some mystery pneumonia like illness. My lease runs out in 6 months. 

I'm literally the reject of the world. im everything wrong with society. and soon, i'll be homeless. i wiah i could die before then. I realize now that i HAVE to. even if it takes years. if i have to wait for my parents to die first. for my pride.. i have to die. can someone tell me how to get over my fear of it?

I don't feel fucking anything. Idk what im doing. ive got nothing else to say. thats it. can anyone say anything to me?