First Draft of Suicide Note, Feel it needs to be cut down and needs a happier tone?After seeing the reaction of my best friend, the only person I thought could understand, I thought it would be wise to try my best to express how I feel about this. I want to preempt this post by saying that this is not a response to any specific event or person, I do not think there is any blame to be placed, but certainly if there was it would be on me. 

It is hard to say when I first thought about doing this, it was many years ago, perhaps during the beginning of secondary school. However I do not remember what it was like to think any differently. It is only in the last 3 years that I have started thinking about the specifics of how I was going to do it. I read many books, forum entries, websites. It was not a spur of the moment decision. I have thought long, hard, and in various states of mind about this. I have tried my best to seek professional help although it was not very helpful. I have talked to many people. 

I decided that I was going to do this within a month on Sunday (16th) and by Monday (17th) had set the date and method. None of this explains why I'm doing it, but I hope it communicates that this was not a moment of darkness. I'm not sure whether people would agree that I am, in my current state of mind, capable of rational thought. But to me it  feels, and has always felt, that this is the most rational option. 

The reasoning is a more complex matter. For most of my life it has been painful to be alive. An isolation that grew from a feeling of otherness, from the bullying, from not even knowing where to go when told to go back to my own country. The isolation was nurtured by the feelings I kept locked inside because society demanded that boys should not cry. This is, perhaps, how it started. I have always felt isolation and loneliness were at the core of my depression even when I have been surrounded by friends.

Some think that I have 'tunnel vision' due to my depression but I disagree. I have many good memories. I can the see the beauty in the world. I can see the chaotic nature of everything around us clashing together to make the most wonderfully unique kladeiscopic experiences every moment of every day. I know what it is to love someone unconditionally and have them love you back even more. I have had so many unrivalled experiences. I have seen so many things. I stop to appreciate a particularly catching flower as I wall past, or the gradients of colour in the sky, or some unique piece of architecture I had not seen before. I know that the longer I live the more experiences I will have, the more beauty I will see. None of this has lessened the pain. It exists with the pain. I think, all that being said, it would be unfair to say I havr tunnel vision. 

The isolation, the loneliness, the sadness, the crying, they hurt every single day. And, still, I have soldiered on for 20 years. Statistically, that is a quarter of my lifespan. I feel that is enough of a trial. I think I have given it a fair go, and it's just not for me.

Even after all this, I doubt anyone will see it my way. But that's OK. I understand my brain is wired a little differently. I have never feared death. I have never understood why people are so attached to being alive. I never got what the big deal was. I think that once you die you cease to exist and to me not existing has always seemed a pleasant concept. The way I see it, when I cease to exist there won't be any pain. And, more than anything else, that's what I want. 

I guess, in the end, it is a selfish decision. I have tried for most of my life to give what I can to others, to make them happier, to help out where I can. But this, I just want to do this for me. I understand what this will do to some of you and, believe me, it tears me apart. The guilt is so unbelievably overwhelming. But this time my selfishness, my own  desires, are just that little bit stronger. I am sorry, so very sorry. I wish I had words I could say that would make it better. 

I know what it must sound like, coming from me, but life's not so bad. There's no point in spending it doing things you don't want to. Go be happy, have fun, laugh and drink and dance. Do things that make you feel fulfilled. Do work that when you get home from you can sit back, smile and say "fuck geah, I did a good job". Chase your dreams, if you have them. Just take it easy and have fun if you don't. Whatever you do, just do you. Most importantly, when you dance, do it like no one's watching!

Of course if you wanna do what I'm doing, that's your choice too. Just give it some thought first. Don't do it if you're angry at the world. Do it if you think it will make you happier. Don't leave the world resenting anyone or anything if you can.

If y'all are mad at me, it's OK, I understand, I don't blame you. I'm not angry at any of you, most of you have made the last year of my life so much better, I wouldn't have done it any other way. It was a good year I had a lot of good times, I've done things that 5 years ago I wouldn't have believed I would dare do. I met so many great people, I laughed so many times, I danced even more. If I had tried to invent the best final year it would not have stood a chance against this one. It has truly been a pleasure. Thank you all, and again I cannot apologise enough. 

I'm sorry.
