I think about killing myself everyday since I got back from residential careI was hospitalized in the summer and then was forced into residential care at two different facilities. The first facility ended up being the worst experience of my life. It was like jail.  The first night I had a seizure and hit my head. They made me go to the hospital and accused me of hitting my head on purpose. They locked me in a psych emergency room where you were not allowed to stand up or move and kept me there all night after injecting me with half old and Benadryl (which I wanted to sleep anyway).  I kept waking up through the night to guards beating the shit out of the patients who were either high, on drugs, or homeless.  They told me I was commited and never gave me any opportunity to tell my side of the story. The treatment center just lied and could do whatever they want. They misdiagnosed me with multiple illnesses I do not have and put me on drugs I did not need.  They missed that I have autism which other psychiatrists have now diagnosed me with. They induced me having dystopia episodes and were unable to identify them. 

I was at that place for three months and then at another treatment center that was much better. 

The damage from being in the first center and being at the facilities in general is not undone. I have routine nightmares about being in jail do the psychiatric hospital. My entire life feels completely unreal like a dream like I can’t believe the passage of time and I should still be involuntarily commited in a hospital in Florida. I lost every friendship or relationship with everyone I’ve ever known from having zero contact with them for six months.  One of my friends stopped talking to me over something I did related to the involuntary treatment. I have to go on Facebook to see people have progressed on with their lives. I have no job and I’m not in school. I completed a PHP since getting back with zero progress made and the therapist there called my therapist to say she felt like I wasn’t benefiting from being there.