So, what do you do when your life will never be anything you wanted it to be?I made [this post](http://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/du9a4/i_feel_so_shitty/) a while ago, and you guys are all really awesome to have responded to me. I know I didn't answer anyone, but I was too fucking depressed to get on the goddamned computer to read what you were saying. 

Anyway... I guess I should say that nothing is much better. /: Though we all know stuff doesn't go away overnight... though my cat is doing okay. She sleeps a lot now, for being so young...

I didn't mention this in my last post, really... but I realized that I have to. 

Basically, between junior high and high school I tried killing myself twice. I have never been to that point again, but pretty fucking close. I never expected I would be alive to go to college. That statement is 100% true. So I decided it would be good if I spent a lot of time on my school work until the day I died so I could have something to do, to take my mind off of it.

I ended up getting a 3.9 or 4.0 every year. I did okay on my SAT. I just didn't take very good courses. I took things I enjoyed, because I'd figured I'd be dead soon. So I took things like photography and regular English instead of AP classes or even another math class that would help.

College rolls around... I don't know how I'm still here. I'm depressed as fucking hell and to this day I don't know what made me stick around to even get into college. The universities I wanted to go to (none even that great) all rejected me because I didn't do well enough or something. It was really hurtful to any esteem I still had left. It hurt because I could have done better... somehow...

Fast forward to now. I'm on my 3rd semester at a community college I didn't want to go to in the first place. I don't hate it at this point (that might be a lie), but it's not what I wanted. I figured it was okay since I was saving money, but it still hurts sometimes to think my decisions in high school did this to me. I am just cruising by with my classes... not doing exceptionally well or anything. I definitely didn't put all my effort into them. I got a lot of Bs and Cs. I have two As out of 10 classes. 

Within the last month, I decided I would set a goal to go to want to transfer to USC. I know... it's way too high of a goal for me. I haven't told anyone I want to go here except my boyfriend who is... supportive... but he's really realistic about it. I don't know why I chose that school. Probably the same reason anyone else does... for the image, the novelty... being able to say you went there. He tells me I will have to fix my GPA. I would need a 3.6 at the minimum, but I have a 2.16 or something horrible like that. Or I would have to do a fuckton of extracurricular activities. There's really nothing I can do but apply and get rejected, and go to a school that already rejected me.  He's suggested a lot of things I could do to achieve this... but it would involve being in school for years longer than normal, or forgetting about all those grades because they were on a different campus than the one I am currently at. I don't want to go to community college for 5 years to just get rejected anyway.

It's hard enough for me to make a decision to do something with my life. But I can't get over that my previous decisions have fucked me over for what I want to do now. I feel like such a failure to myself. 

I still haven't been able to find a job and I am on the edge. I am on the brink of quitting but I have bills to pay. I almost want to say "fuck the bills" and get into a really expensive school so I can kill myself and just know that I was able to do it, then I won't have to deal with any of this.

How do you deal with the fact that your life will never be anything you wanted it to be? I cry every day thinking about it. I am sitting in a coffee shop right now typing this (because if I stay in my home I'll just think about ways to off myself) and I'm tearing up and people are looking.

I feel like I've fucked up way too badly to keep on going. I feel like I am doomed to a life of being depressed because of those stupid decisions I made and how it'll just be a large chain reaction through life, settling for shit the entire way till I finally die. I don't know if I can handle having things to show for being alive, but not doing anything I actually wanted.

I'm pretty sure my decision to transfer to that particular school is a bad one. I am going to get rejected. I just already fucked up too badly. It fucking sucks. I already missed the deadline for next year... but if I get rejected, I'm pretty sure I'll kill myself. I'm not obsessed or anything, but it's kind of like my last hope to do something I want to do... or have my life go in the direction I want it to, and I can't fix it after that. 

I have people all around me going to schools out of state, that they can afford, are having a great time... and they never made a fucking stupid decision to die so now they get to do what they want. It makes me so jealous to no fucking end but it's my own fault. (Now I'm crying.)

My boyfriend is in grad school and I hate to sound like a bitch or like I hate him because I don't, but for fuck's sakes he doesn't even speak English that well. He's only been living here for 10 years and he has better grades by just doing mediocre work. He's fucking brilliant, and when I think about that, it fucking hurts. As far as I know, law school is fucking hard. Yet he only studies for a couple hours a day and still is getting 95%+ on all of his work and passing his midterms with flying colors as I fucking type this.

All because he never made a stupid fucking decision to die. He had fun in college and gets to go this super awesome private school that only takes like 800 people a year out of the 10,000 applicants they get.

I fucking hate myself and all this goddamn un-fixable-ness. I have seriously considered applying to the school and telling them I've tried killing myself but have changed and will be one of the best students they have ever seen if they just give me a chance.

**That's what my life has come to. The fact that a fucking *school* is the last thing keeping me here is disgustingly pathetic. I feel fucking dirty and no matter how many times I shower, I just feel filthier the next day.**

I am so over living.

I want to stop giving a shit about the school I'll never go to, the bearable job I'll never work at, the people I will never know, the people that will never care, and the life I will never have. I want to be content with life, as painful as it might be. I don't give a crap, I just want to accept my shitty decisions and be okay with living a boring life (to me). I also feel this huge burden of guilt because everyone around me had supplied me with things I needed to do the things I want. My dad got me a laptop a couple years ago. My boyfriend gave me support. The internet also gave me support when I needed it... but no, I was too deep down in this fucking hellhole to get myself out and use these things. Instead I wanted to be selfish and end it without caring. I obviously failed, and now I have to live with it, but I'm such a fucking failure; a weak-minded coward that I can't even live with a decision I made and say "It was stupid, I'm different now" because *no matter how many times I say that, my life will still be how it is.*