I need to talk about suicideMy friends are all at the end of their rope talking to me about my mental health issues. And I can't put even more on them right now. But I have to talk about this with somebody and I'm hoping that people on Reddit will have some input.

I've been thinking a lot about suicide. Googling methods, thinking about how I want the aftermath to be dealt with. I don't know if I'd ever do it - there just isn't any such thing as a quick, surefire, non-gory, painless way to do it.

But I know I'm never going to be happy. I do not have the tools to be happy. I can be happy in small bursts here and there, I don't suffer from overwhelming clinical depression. But I'm very alone. And I will always be very alone. I'm 33 and have not had any meaningful long-lasting intimate relationships. I'm just now becoming aware of the attachment issues I have and the trauma I went through having an emotionally neglectful, extremely critical, narcissistic, and direly pessimistic parent. 

The work I have to put in to correct this, to find my true identity and develop a healthy attachment style, feels overwhelming. It feels like I'm starting it too late. It feels like, at 33, I'm just starting to learn emotional skills that people with healthy upbringings learned when they were infants.

I'm sick of the platitudes. I'm disgusted every time I hear "It's a permanent solution to a temporary problem" or that "It will get better." Maybe, and maybe not. A lot of people grow old alone, and die alone. It gets better only in the sense that you learn to live with it, but I am now actively disgusted by my solitary lifestyle.

I am currently in love with somebody who, although he's occasionally available to me as a friend, definitely doesn't want to get too close. He has issues of his own, but I look at his life - a supportive and loving circle of family and friends, easily forming intimate relationships - and I know that's just never going to be available to me. But now that I've had a glimpse of it, I also know that I can't stay in the rut that I've been in my whole life.

For the first 28 years or so of my life I just assumed I'd be alone forever. I even tried to make peace with it, and acted like it was what I wanted. But it isn't, and now that I know it isn't, I'm becoming more and more keenly aware of just how far away I am from accomplishing the kind of life I would find acceptable and worth living.

I feel like one of those feral children, who were raised by wolves or grew up in basement cages. They can be rescued, and rehabilitated to a certain extent, but once you miss those critical early development windows, they never fully learn to speak or fit into any "normal" lifestyle. Similarly, I feel like I missed certain crucial windows where people learn how to love themselves, form relationships, and partner up. I never dated in high school or college, and once I finally started to, most of my "relationships" revolved around sex. I only have any confidence in my ability to fulfill material needs. I can't maintain serious mental or emotional connections - either I lose interest or I cause the other person to.

I know suicide sounds like an extreme solution to this problem, but I don't want to deal with this forever. These feelings of inadequacy and loneliness, haunt me all the time. My future horrifies me, the thought of getting older alone, of losing my looks or whatever it is that allows me to have even the occasional satisfaction, of having only the most frivolous and materialistic pleasures... it's too much for me to handle.

If it wasn't for a certain family member, I don't think anything would seriously hold me back from buying a shotgun and just taking care of it. She's about the only person I think would be significantly impacted, and I just want to no longer feel these intense feelings of inadequacy, loneliness, hopelessness and failure.