Explanation in my noteI am 23, and am out of ideas for life. I have decided to leave the explanation i put in my suicide note incase there is an option that I have overlooked. It's long, but any ideas could save my life. I don't want to die - I want the pain to end.

I feel that I owe a detailed explanation for why I decided to end my life. There really isn`t much more to it than what I have complained about in the past; I am perpetually lonely, isolated and that will never change. My personality is simply inadequate to form relationships with others, and there is nothing that can be done about that. I am perceived as awkward, odd and above all, boring. No one in their right mind would want to spend time with a person like that, and I don`t blame them. 

The solution to my problems isn`t as simple as improving my communication skills, social skills, or engaging in more activities to make myself more interesting. It is not as simple as being more outgoing and confident. I have worked tirelessly to improve myself in all of these ways to no avail, and the quality of my life has not improved at all. I feel as if the way that my mind works is fundamentally different from the rest of society. The natural reaction to these statements is that I must be shy, suffer from social anxiety, or am simply not “putting myself out there”. This is false – it implies that I am simply putting up barriers to a fun, likeable personality. Even at family get togethers like Christmas or Easter, I am usually quiet and don’t say much; I even feel isolated from my own family. This is where I am expected to be relaxed and let my personality shine, so the barriers should be nonexistent. The truth is that I do not have a likeable personality, I really just have no idea of what to say to connect to others. My family always seems to attribute this to stress or some other factors – once again, my personality is just fundamentally flawed. I get the impression that people just want to be entertained by others, but I am boring company.

You are now likely thinking that loneliness is no justification for suicide, but please put yourself in my shoes. Every day I wake up alone, eat alone, and spend my time alone. While everyone else is out and going to social gatherings, restaurants together, cottages together, vacations together, shows together, I just aimlessly kill time. I stay at home and just waste time because I have no one to go out and do these things with. Joining clubs or teams to meet people is futile because no one will ever want to form a friendship or relationship with me. I went through high school and over 5 years in university, and still haven’t formed any significant relationships – what reason is there to believe that this will ever change? I have at least learned to present myself better and appear more confident, and this has clearly shown results in that I can approach people more easily. But the conversation always dies out quickly, and no relationship is formed. I can actually see a shift in people’s behaviour when they realize that I’m “off” somehow, and wish to avoid me. 

I have never dated. I have never kissed a girl. I am still a virgin. I haven’t had anyone develop feelings for me. I am sick and tired of obsessing over this all of the time. I can no longer stand the constant feeling of inadequacy. It seems like everyone else except me is out dating and forming relationships. I am through trying to tell myself that one day it will get better. For years I have been told that the future will bring a brighter time – it’s now the future and things look as bleak as ever. I am worn out by this never ending depression. I am sick of sleeping in until past noon on my days off – I am not doing this because I love sleeping, I just have no reason to get out of bed. I always just lie there for over an hour after I wake up, simply because there is nothing motivating me anymore. I am worn down by this cold, empty feeling that is ever present. Life feels more and more like a waking nightmare every day. I desperately need an escape. The natural solution would be to aggressively pursue relationships and try to meet people – this is what I have tried to do, and I have failed. I will never get to the know the joy of “love and be loved”. I will never be important to anybody for non-superficial reasons. My career – the one aspect of life that I thought I could enjoy success in – will be hampered by my lack of social abilities. If I was more normal, I am sure that I could have networked my way into a job by now. I will be unable to command respect from coworkers, so advancement will be difficult. My intelligence or ability is not an issue, but I am sick of struggling so much with personality. The only future I see in life is a perpetually lonely existence with inevitable mediocrity. I am experiencing many of the typical symptoms of clinical depression (low energy levels, lack of motivation, inability to experience pleasure, low mood, constant thoughts of suicide), and I need them to end.

I have finally accepted that I am undesirable, tedious company, and there is a reason that I am unwanted. I tried going to therapy, but that proved to be yet another dead end. After a full 15 minutes of unenthusiastic questioning, I was sloshed off as having ADHD, and have no reason to seek further help  – what kind of diagnosis is that for someone complaining of recurring suicidal thoughts? After requesting another therapist, I was again simply referred to attend a class for improving communication skills. I always seem to get the same advice that anyone with access to yahoo answers can get – just join a club, and try to get out there more. Useless advice for someone in my situation. 

I would like to take a moment to attack the unrelenting barrage of platitudes that someone in my situation faces. I know that I am not the only person in this situation, and I am concerned that there are other suicides occurring for the same reason. A better support network for the socially inadequate needs to be established. 
Get more confident: Thanks. Would you teach someone to drive by telling to drive more confidently? No, because that is ludicrous. 
Just be yourself: Implying that I have been exuding a fake personality this whole time. The reason that I haven’t been able to form relationships is because I am fundamentally unlikeable.
Just get out there more – join clubs or something: This ensures that I will keep making the same mistakes over and over. I played baseball when I was younger, I took karate, I was on the cross country team, I have been through years of high school and university. I have met many people. I can safely conclude that I am isolated because of my own shortcomings, not because I haven’t met the “right people”. 
Find Jesus: A disproportionate amount of websites offering support are sponsored by religion. These people are not interested in helping others. They simply want to take advantage of someone in a weaker state to spread their religion like a disease.

Throughout elementary school and high school, I was very shy around others and spent most of my time alone. I clearly did not fit in, and no one ever tried to alleviate this fact. I was CLEARLY unhappy and developing depressed tendencies from a very young age, but no teacher ever tried to help me. Of course if my grades ever slipped, concern would clearly be expressed. Perhaps if I received social training and became more socialized from a young age, I would be living a more fulfilling life and would not have needed to kill myself. Teachers need to teach kids social skills, not just academics. 

For most, social adequacy is by far the most important factor in determining the quality of one’s life. Without it, no meaningful relationship can be formed. Without it, building a desirable career is difficult. How is this overlooked so often? 
