I turn 27 on Monday and have been contemplating suicide for the past few hours.It wasn’t until I started thinking about suicide I actually started to feel something again. Genuine emotion. I can’t stop thinking about all the people I’ve hurt. I’ve pushed so many of my friends away. I constantly think about all my past actions and how I’ve made people feel. I seem to always do things for personal gain even though I’m not always gaining things. Maybe I’m fucking autistic I don’t know. My mom died when I was 11 and it really fucked me up. I had to live with my dad and my step mom and we never got along. I did heavy drugs when I was 17 and had to join the military to get away from everything. When I got out all’s I did was drink and I’ve only recently slowed down. I got a dui last year and still continued to drink and drive. I should be dead. I don’t know how I’ve made it this far but I honestly feel like I’ve hurt so many people and done so many stupid things that it would just be easier to end it. I feel like since my mother died I don’t have empathy anymore and that’s why I’m such a fuck. One of the things that recently happened was one of my best friends really liked one of our other friends. I knew this and told him I would never do anything with her. But I did and it crushed him. Of course she wanted to do it but I said I wouldn’t. I apologized and he accepted my apology and I helped him move to a new state recently with said girl. I broke that trust with my friend and I know we can never have what we had. I can’t wrap my head around why I would do that to him but I did. I believe it’s because I’ve lied so much to my friends and to myself and I want to change but I feel like I won’t. I sit typing this laying in bed wondering if tomorrow will be different but the more I lean toward suicide the more empathy I actually feel and it feels right. I can’t even get back into the things I love anymore because I feel like such shit. I can’t get a grip. I don’t know if it is the right decision but at least I won’t have to deal with the pain of my existence anymore. 