Thoughts... sorry it’s too long..So I was born 3 months early, unplanned, father abused my mother and following 2 siblings for 20 years until I finally moved out and they finally divorced.
I have foot drop on one leg from being born early and they haven’t diagnosed me properly I don’t think even though I’ve been seeing professionals since I was 7 on and off.
I’m prescribed a mood stabilizer and an anti psychotic. I’ll go back on the lithium at some point, but I’m not taking the seroquel ever.

I’ve pretty much been prevented from getting close to grand parents and relatives because my dad tried to hide the abuse that way. Was physically and emotionally abusive on top of telling me things like “you’ll never get a husband” even though I was 11. and “why are you so worthless?”

I was bullied at school for my mental health problems and my personality, I was bullied for having a messed up leg and being ugly. My dad told me I didn’t deserve to eat if I didn’t do enough to help around the house. I developed an eating disorder.

So all of this is just a long explanation to say I never had a childhood, never had friends, never had a healthy relationship with my body, never had a boyfriend/girlfriend, etc.

So I was going to kill myself at 18.
I didnt, moved to a city, got a job at McDonalds. It was a fucking shit show at that job. 
Lost my virginity to a guy who shoved his dick up my ass without consent to do so.
Called in sick for the millionth tome and went to the ER at 1am so that I wouldn’t kill myself. 
Jumped between a few shitty jobs. Moved in with my brother. Nearly got charged with assault when I threw a candle at him because I wanted to die and I just wanted to fucking sleep.
The cat I had since I was 11 got kidney disease and died.

Brother and my mother lied to me about terms of the lease so that I would stay with her because she was scared I would kill myself left alone to think for a month so they didn’t let me.

When I said I was “nearly raped” as in about the guy who did something without my consent and hurt me during consensual sex, they didn’t believe me and i never mentioned it again.
I got slapped during manic and mixed episodes while I was there because I couldnt control anything I was saying while I was angry.

I didn’t get my tax papers back from employers  and I’m 3 years behind in them.

I wanted to move to a specific city when I was 18 but was told to move somewhere else “for my own safety” but my younger siblings can go where they please now that they’re 18 and 19.

My apartment has roaches under the sink because it’s such a poorly maintained building and there aren’t any others available. I have a severe bug phobia. Flies sometimes got in because the window has a space in it and I kept having panic attacks.
I have a spaz cat that yells and bites if don’t pay attention and play with her 24/7and the building is not very soundproof. Someone dumped her on me and I kept her because I was lonely and she’s cute, gives me somewhat of a purpose but lately she’s just a pain in the ass.

I gained 20 lbs from binge eating and then started drinking almost daily. 

So it’s October now, it’s Sunday.
I see a therapist tomorrow.

Last sunday I said on an online forum that I would be killing myself Tuesday, I couldn’t do it Tuesday because I was too exhausted to properly get rid of things I didn’t want family finding when I was dead.
So on Wednesday, a guy I saw on Tuesday and Sunday, who was kind of awkward and odd looking.
Asked me if I would go out for coffee with him, and I’ve wanted to get to know him but I panicked and said no.
In no uncertain terms did I give him a no.

 been kicking myself since, because I spent my entire life alone, he asked me on a date the day after I should have died over it. And my stupid ass said no.

He only came in to buy energy drinks and he seemed like a new guy I didn’t see there before. I haven’t seen him since Wednesday. He took 30 minutes after buying something to go ask me and looked hurt when I said no.
I don’t know his name, I have no contact information and even though I described him to coworkers no one knows who he is.

He only bought energy drinks, which you can get anywhere so he has really no need to even come here at all, ever.
Even though coworkers keep saying I’ll run into him again eventually.
I wanted to say I’m sorry and I do want to get coffee with him...

So today sunday, I was kind of hopeful that he would come into the store today, he didnt. But the creepy old homeless guy who basically stalked me for weeks did just to watch me and ask customers for pocket change and also my asshole father who thinks I’ll talk to him just because he randomly gave us each $100 a few days ago.

You couldnt pay me to forgive someone who abused me on top of me already being bipolar, adhd or whatever... they keep changing the diagnosis and refusing to actually put bipolar on my file for some reason.
Couldn’t pay me enough after I saw the way he treated and spoke to my mother, couldn’t pay me enough considering all the time I’ll spend in therapy.
I am flat broke after all the alcohol, impulse shopping, eating disorder expenses and constantly having to call in sick because of anxiety or depression.
I needed full time hours so now I’m crying at work on the job some of the time, and there’s no one I can talk to about it other than a therapist once a week.
I want to kill myself tomorrow now.