I can't 'do life' anymoreI've felt like this for years, and my inability to finally finish myself off only contributes to the way I feel.

This evening I wrote out a list of people my parents need to call, like bosses at my various jobs, a few friends, my university tutor etc. I also wrote a letter to my best friend. I have have picked out several spots on my drive home from work tomorrow where I intend to drive my car into the river, its a quiet country back road so it should be the next day at least until my car is seen.

My parents, with whom I unfortunately still have to live with at 25 (moving out isn't financially possible for me atm) constantly tell me how lazy I am and how generally unimpressed they are by my pathetic existence. I can't remember a time I felt loved or fulfilled in any way. Even sitting in our upstairs hallway listening to my parents shit talk me, thinking I can't hear them, stopped making me laugh recently and that used to be my favourite thing to do! 

I have no close friends, my best friend now lives all the way across the world &amp; all my other 'friends' I purposely keep at a distance &amp; on a very superficial level because really - who wants/needs a depressed friend?! I'd rather not be a burden to them as well as my parents.

My brother is a spiteful and malicious little shit, he loves to stir up shit, and whilst rarely he can be good guy to talk to, he's far too self involved to even notice I'm in crisis. My parent's primary concern has been insuring he continues to (solely) take over the 'family' business where he earns more than most families make total, at 21 years old. He'll be fine. He has everything he needs and wants.

My dad is an alcoholic and whilst he used to be my absolute hero he's become a spiteful, hateful old man, of which he blames me for, remember - I'm a huge disappointment.

My mother is quite possibly the most self involved, narcissistic person on the planet who divides her time between telling everyone how perfect &amp; hardworking she is &amp; peddling her 'woe is me' story about day to day life which primarily focuses on how busy she is driving her £60K porsche to the gym &amp; back. My heart bleeds.

I'm currently doing my MA and working 2 (of 3) jobs which I love but the lack of hours/minimal pay means I cannot afford to rent myself and because my parents don't value my career they think it's all a waste of time, and their relentless going on about it is beginning to make me also believe that its all pointless.

When I can't cope with life I tend to shut down and batten down my hatches which seems to only infuriate my family as I don't bite (and god do they love teasing/baiting)  but as a result I don't let anyone in and feel crippled by loneliness 

I should also add that I'm super fucking fat - like morbidly obese I'm sure. While I currently don't 'feel ill' It's only a matter of time before it catches up with me &amp; lets face it - I'll never lose 75% of my body weight so feel like I might as well finish myself off before it gets me.

Long story short - I have nothing worthwhile in my life. Can't battle through anymore. Need it just to be over