Suicide is not an option for me. That's not just a tired saying, it's my reality. But if it's the only thing I can think about, where do I go from here?I cross-posted from r/depression. I'm sorry if you see this twice. 

I've been lurking here on my main for a long time, and I don't know that I fit in. I'm sorry if my situation isn't relatable. It sounds really stupid.

I have a great life. I know many people are alone but I'm not, no matter how much I keep trying to be. I try to push my friends and family away but I can't. I had a pretty traumatic childhood, but all those people have been out of my life for a decade and my remaining family are amazing.

Suicide is absolutely not an option for me. I have too many people who care about me (I know, I know how this sounds). Once my dad and grandma pass away, then it's very much on the table - friends and other relatives may be sad but they will get over it. However, my dad was a young parent and therefore is very young and healthy, I've got a couple decades before that becomes a reality. Sometimes I resent that, and that's the darkest thought I've ever had. I've never told anyone this before, but in my worst moments I am upset that my dad - my favorite person in the *world* \- is still alive and healthy and going to stay that way, because that means I have to stay alive for a few more decades too, and I really don't want to.

I'm also gainfully employed, in a job I used to love, and really should still love. I'm not wealthy but I can support myself. My job is incredibly stressful but my coworkers are good people, my boss is a good person, I believe in the work, and it pays the bills even in my very expensive city.

I have friends, and the ability to have more friends, but instead of going out and socializing I just keep pushing more and more people away.

I just don't know where to go from here. I feel like I have to keep it all up - working, being a normal person, or faking it as best as possible. I isolate myself a lot, I never go out, but still my friends are there. It's very weird and confusing. I don't know how I got so lucky. Not only are my friends still around no matter how much I avoid them, but they're all very cool people - they're intelligent and successful and have so much going for them in their lives. I don't know how I've tricked all these people into being my friends, or how I've tricked my job into keeping me employed, or how I've tricked my family into being so supportive. But I have, and I need to undo all of this without hurting anyone.

I don't want to be alive anymore. Every time a minor thing goes wrong that thought hits me like a ton of bricks. Every time I'm alone, and I'm alone *a lot,* all the same. But I don't know what to do. I feel so fucking trapped. But my amazing, supportive friends and family would be absolutely crushed if I told them any of this - and they'd probably have me committed. They'd probably try to make me quit my stressful job, as most of my complaints about life to them are framed around my job (which is stressful, yeah, but a mentally healthy person could handle this - hell, even a slightly-more-healthy version of me from a few years ago could handle it). Then I'd have nowhere to go, nothing to do. My friends and family would get tired of me and I'd be in the same situation as so many people who are alone.

It's like I've got it backwards. I have no reason to be depressed right now, but I am, cripplingly so. But if I tell anyone, my life will be turned upside down and I'll have a genuine reason to want to die for the first time since I was 12.

I just... don't know where to go from here. I'm sorry if this was rambling and hard to follow. And I'm sorry if this sounds self involved or bragging - I don't understand why I've gotten so unfairly lucky in life, either. I wish someone more whole had all these good things going from them. I would genuinely love it if nobody would miss me. I know that sounds awful.