Been considering for some time...I'm getting to my late teens, and ever since I was a young boy, I've shown signs of depression and psychosis, and as I've grown up it's only really got worse off for me, I feel that if I share everything here, maybe it will justify what I want to do...

I lead a triple life:

#1 Fake Michael, this is the one you can see in Youtube videos I make, and day-to-day life, where I interact with people / freinds / family, a Michael that is amplified to seem and look much better than the real one, almost a simulation you could say of how I want to be like, as if I'm living a dream of how I wish I could escape how I truly feel, but know I cannot.

#2 Tired Michael, despite the very childish name, this could be one of the worst, I go into long cycles of rest, where I am not really tired, I just hide under the covers to avoid dealing with everything that I just can't handle or don't want to try to handle, it's very similar to how a child runs from a monster... they hide under the blanket, however my monster can't just go away with a little light.

#3 The real Michael, the one I have to deal with and handle every day, the one who cuts, and burns himself, stabs his body, ruptures lungs (Pnemathorax) amongst other stuff, constant bad emotions, and feelings of just dread, darkness and hate, I have to live with this Michael every time I wake up and every time I go to sleep, although I avoid sleep as much as I can to avoid the nightmares, it's never really to much use, after self harming you naturally have little energy and sort of just slip into a deep sleep.

I'm tired of living a facade, a triple life, a falsification of who I really am, I don't want to come forwards and be "clean" with everyone, I don't have that kind of connection with people, or anyone, family wise I guess that they would hate it for me to go, but just like any death, you'll eventually get over it, the feelings of negativity are too much for me, as a kind of older teenager should be able to handle, it's come to more then my attention I'm simply not ready for life, Nor will I ever be.

I've recently been thinking of ways I can end my life, I don't care if the method I chose is fast / long, painful / painless I just want to go, every time I cross the street I feel myself praying that the car will just loose control and hit me, or that I'll get stabbed in a mugging, anything just to get me out of this cycle of hate. 

It started as a young boy, I would constantly feel down, or wonder why the other kids were having so much fun, and I was just kind of there... not enjoying anything, if a teacher said "we are gonna watch a film instead!" the class would laugh and scream at the joy, I however had no reaction, I wasn't happy / sad, or relived, or anything, I felt like something changed and I simply went "Meh" and just trudge through the rest of the class, this has been a thing I've noticed more and more as I've grown up, from simple things like that, to extreme self-harm, that ranges from cutting, to biting chunks of flesh off, although it's been morphed by my teenage mind to more of a "Fuck it, whatever happens... Happens." Sort of deal, the idea behind it is the same, I'm just a rive going with the flow, I'm not objecting or consenting, asking questions, or wondering, just doing it. I've simply grown devoid of all emotional response. (Of course if I'm "The First Michael" then I tend to be more faked and allow myself to make small laughs simply to not look weird, or out of place, but the same principle applies.

From growing up I've had friends, Money, Family, but nothing seems to please me in a sense of living, I used to be such an energetic boy, filled with love for life, and a drive for everything, but now I just can't be bothered with the constant sh*t that life through our way, we all have ups and downs... just some people can't see the ups, i'm one of those people.

I've always been to an extent been a target for people, being anorexic and covered in "Barcodes" as I've heard them called (Cutting scars) sort of makes me stick out a lot from the other people in the area I live in, where issues such as mine (Schizophrenia, Depression, Anorexia Nervosa, and a few other lovelies) are not really known or even heard of, people don't understand I didn't choose to hear voices in my head, and think things are real when they are not, people don't understand I don't cut because it's a habit, I cut because the voices and the emotions make me, I can't control myself, people judge me on the way I look due to not eating a great deal, most clothing looks quite baggy on me, which in my area gets classed as "trampy" however it's just the fact I can't bring myself to go shopping for cloths made for way younger ages then me... People will never understand the true depths of how deep and how far down this sort of stuff goes, but from the very core there is nothing wrong with me, just everything around it. I still act like you normal people! Yes, I might have the occasional moment where I start hearing things, and running away thinking something bad will happen, yes sometimes I will not meet you when I said I would, Yes, I will have a lot of cuts on my body when we get changed, or go out somewhere. But I'm still the same, I still want the same as you, simply to be accepted, to "fit in" to be "normal" and to not have these issues, trust me if I had the choice, I'd love to throw away all the issues I have had, and am going to have, I would do anything, but it's clear to not only me, but everyone else, I can't reassemble the way my brain functions, but I can just end it all.

I just wanted to be accepted. I just wanted to be Loved.

I wanted to come clean here, and hopefully when / if my family or anyone who knows me ever sees this, then maybe they can learn more about why I made the choices I've made, and why I feel this is the only escape for me.

Thanks for reading. -Michael.