Everything just fell apart and all I'm thinking about is ending it.This is my senior year, and since about halfway through the first marking period I've had a lesbian crush on one of my teachers. I found it hard to deal with, so I'd usually be incredibly depressed during class and I'd have to leave on huge bathroom breaks. I talked to my friends about it, and they suggested I tell her. Which I did. My reasoning, I explained to her, was that because of this crush, it'd be easier if I could just switch her class to a study hall after our music performances, since i wouldn't be missing anything. She seemed okay with it, and she said she'd do whatever she needed to to make me feel more "comfortable". I told her it wasn't a big deal and not to worry about it anymore, and she said that she really didn't care. So i came back from easter break, was called down to the guidance office, and inside were the teacher, the counselor, and the vice principle. they explained that they knew about everything and that they were there to "talk".  I'm so fucking embarrassed. Why did she do this? Why couldn't she just let me drop and be fine with it? She didn't even act like she cared. She still doesn't. All I can think about is that she cares about me so little that she wanted someone else to deal with it, or it made her so uncomfortable that she felt this was the thing to do. Not only am I dealing with the embarrassment involved in the situation (the principal is friends with my dad), but I have to deal with the rejection. I really loved her. I just feel so stupid for telling her that now I want to kill myself. I keep thinking about ways to do it that would look like an accident, so my family wouldn't be as hurt. I can't go to her class anymore. It makes me sick. I know that in the future when I fall in love I'm only going to think about the horrible possible consequences, like this one. And my parents will never accept it. And my whole family. And friends. I know that if I TRY to kill myself, or check myself into a mental hospital or something like that, that information will be on my record and I probably won't be able to go to college or get a decent job. So it seems that the only thing i can do is to totally end it. 