How do you actually seek help?   This is going to be LONG. I really apologize for that...and mobile formatting. 

This is very embarrassing for me, but I know I have been mentally ill for a very long time now. I’m 25(f)

   Also, I’m about to be very honest because I feel I have nothing to lose! I really don’t want to upset or burden anyone with my problems.
   
   I’ve been especially suicidal this past month and I feel as if I’m slowly going deeper into this...empty void. I can’t even collect thoughts properly. It’s taking me forever to even type this. I feel very slow physically and intellectually.  As a result I’ve been calling out of work a lot, which is also adding to the shame. 

   Even worse, I work with my dad. I don’t want to give away too many details but we’re waiters, pretty much. My dad is one of those parents who mean well, but is a “pull up your bootstraps” kinda guy. Seeking help from him in the past has pretty much been a slap to the face. He once told me, “Well, if it’s really so bad you could always kill yourself”. 

   Oh man. That rings in my head every day. 

   So I’ve been very serious about finally working up the courage to end it. I’ve fantasized about it since I was like 14. I’m pretty well educated by now from years of google searching. Either the exit bag technique or short drop hanging.

    Long story short, I found out about the helium shortage, and needing 98-99% purity, blah blah blah. So, I was even more frustrated and upset that my options were narrowing; I just slung a belt and a robe tie over a door, attached it to the handle, and put as much pressure on my carotid artery as I could. 

   It totally was working, but as things became a bit fuzzy and numb I had this sudden thought of my boyfriend coming home. The image that flashed through my head of him in anguish over what I’d done roused me like an electric shock. Holy shit, I panicked. The haphazard noose I made was very effective at tightening and being difficult to undo. I was barely able to slip a finger in and get out.

   It left me pretty shaken, honestly. I’d almost done it. If I’d taken the time to tie my hands I’d be dead. It was literally the love I have for the guy is what saved me. He’s is in a really poor place mentally too and I didn’t want to abandon him.

   I sort of decided that I need to try one last time to really truly seek help; try meds if I have to. I wanna try for him. 

   Now I’m at a complete impasse. I have insurance but it only covers ONE facility. It has TERRIBLE ratings and reviews and when I called, the lady was very cold and told me she could fit me in, in 4 months. WTF I can’t wait 4 months. I’ve had a complete breakdown and I can’t even go to work because of the unrelenting sobbing and headaches. 

  So I tried looking for something out of network but I have NO IDEA where to start. Crazy expensive too! I have an extreme fear of doctors in general too, so there’s an added layer of anxiety. 

   If I go to the hospital I will lose my job and will be left destitute and demoralized. I lose my insurance at 26 too so long-term treatments seem pointless. 

  What do I do? It seems impossible to get help and I’m getting discouraged that it’s even possible to be fixed.


  

   Thank you to anyone who took the time to read. I have no friends because I’ve isolated myself very effectively and I don’t have any family to turn to for help. I feel like a child that is confused, upset, and crying out for someone’s help.