I think dying is my best option (Posted in r/advice too and was recommended to post this here too)

How do I explain this?

Also, sorry for how ramble-y this is.

I'm a sixteen year old girl.

For the past year, things haven't been going well at all. I have put little to no effort in any of my school classes, effectively ruined my chances at going to any of my dream universities. I was in a toxic relationship where he was always gas-lighting me and being kinda emotionally abusive. 5 months ago he broke up with me and starting dating someone else in about 2 weeks. That really hurt me. I lost many of friends because I isolated myself and one specifically because I caught feelings for that person. I hate many of the people at my school because they're all stuck-up assholes. I feel like such a disappointment to everyone. I was always the kind of person who got shit done. I was determined and hardworking. My best friend told me that I seemed like I had my shit together. I used to get bullied like 2 years ago and I had to deal with some family problems for the past 3 years. Even though that all sucked, it doesn't feel as bad as this does.

Lately I just exist. I don't really contribute anything to anyone. I think being dead would be so simple. I would have no worries anymore. Now I worry about everything but I don't do anything to change it. It's like I'm chained to my bed. I don't want to do any of my work because I know it's never going to be good enough. I feel like my friends would be better off without me. I've reached this breaking point where I don't care about anything but I keep making plans and promises that I know I will never keep.

I cry so much. Multiple times a day. Sometimes I don't even know why I'm crying. It just feels nice.

I'm worried about myself. I tell my parents. I don't think they realize how bad this all is. I get angry easily with them. All snappy, you know?

I guess I'm just sick of being alive. I don't see the point. Can someone give me something to look forward to please?

Logically I know that it will get better. Everyone keeps telling me that. It's hard to believe. It feels like when things get better, then they get worse. Is it true that it gets better? What if I'm the only exception to that rule? Can someone help?