I told my psychologist that I want to kill myself but she made it worseEvery monday, I have an appointment with a psychologist. This is because I have severe fights with my parents, and in attempt to stop them they contacted a psychologist and made me go. I never wanted to go there in the first place. On one appointment, we were discussing the fights with my parents as always. I told her that my mom thinks that "I have a problem(s) and it's bothering you (I mean, that's what my mom said about me) but you keep it inside. So when something very small happens, you snap and a fight starts". Later my mom demanded me telling her what my problems are, which I didn't do because I don't trust her at all when it comes to that. So basicly, my mom blamed me for all of our fights, which is completely unfair.
So I told my psycholigist what my mom said, but not what I felt about it. at some point she asked me if I have a clue what that problem could be. Telling her what my mom said on the fisrt place was a mistake, because now the psychologist is interested in that certain problem. But the thing I did next was even worse: we had little time left, so I told my psychologist about one problem only (I have more than one.) Here is what I said.
"For certain reasons I don't want to explain right now, because we have little time left, I was thinking of killing myself." This is what I said.
yes, I was thinking of killing myself. Mainly because I was self-harming for a while but then my parents saw it and forced me to talk about it. At first I was like, "I will continue one day", but then I was starting to feel better. But then, about 3 monthes ago, I've started longing for the self harm again. But I liked the life without it - without having to hide the scars, without being so sad, being able to enjoy what I was doing - spending time with friends, watching anime and the sort. But the urgues to harm myself became stronger very fast. I felt (and still feel) reaped, like I can't enjoy life with this past always in my head, but like I can't self harm either. So I was thinking of a solution that won't require me to choose a side. And I thought about suicide. I was researching it, and I just became more convinced that it can be a good solution. At this point, I couldn't enjoy ANYTHING I was doing, felt like I am a burden, felt like no one would care if I just dissapeared one day. I was reading at school, and my friend asked me what I was doing, and since she is very stubborn I ended up telling her about how I used to self harm and that I have serious thoughts of commiting suicide.
And she didn't even told me that it's not ok, that she'd like me to stay alive because we're friends. She didn't do anything. Even when she noticed that I read about suicide a lot, really a lot. That conviced me even more. If this is how my best friend reacts, then absolutely no one cares for me. Then, it's complitely fine if I kill myself.
Then my psychologist made it even worse. She pressed me to promise her that I won't kill myself. Fortunately, I promised to stay alive for one week only. But she didn't accept the fact that I can't just promise her something I can't do. That won't keep me alive, it will only pressure me and make me be even more reluctant to meet that psychologist. She said that she will tell my parents if she'll feel the need to. She also said that there's medication, which actually sounded good to me ("maybe it will help me and if not I'll overdose on it" way of thinking) but it meant that I have to tell my parents. 
But I told her, and that's the worst mistake I've EVER done. Talking doesn't help, is my experience, but still I told her. I hate myself so much for it. I slapped myself the momment I got out of there. Shit, shit, I'm done. Everything is going to get even worse. I don't want things getting worse. But it's all my fault, so there, suffer from the consequences.