I feel like a plane, on fire and nosediving, and I feel I'll either eject from life or hit the ground.I was already in a semifragile position before this lockdown. Coming out of serious trauma, just getting into the therapy I need, my life had fallen apart, I'm back with my folks, it's not like it was the best spot. But then Covid-19 came, I stopped seeing my therapist in person, my few friends are in similar positions and are starting to either shut down or get overwhelmed by external factors, so I'm really isolated right now. Add to that I have BPD and BDII, there was a hiccup in my medication and I lost it for a hot second, and I'm trans and my hormones got weirdly wired, so I had a giant spike and now my doc has taken me off them to rectify that and they've crashed. I have ADHD ad finally found help for it but it's conditional because of past substance abuse, so I constantly fear losing it if I seek help for mental breakdowns - not that I have much. My only resource is the VA, and the VA likes to not treat you for as long as they can and then blame you when you end up in their hospitals. I haven't had a drink in a while but I'm enjoying some wine right now and I feel like shit for it. 

I just feel so fucked. It's a giant crunch and I didn't like myself or my history to begin with. I was just out in my garage holding a hose and looking at a fucking hook and you know what, it seemed really, really enticing. I've been thinking about it recently, and it all rings familiar, because I've been here before, and before, and before, and I'm sick of that too. I'm sick of it. I can't stand it, life is as beautiful as the stars in my eyes when I hit my head. Nice, but with an undercurrent of shite. It feels juvenile but I want to pick up cutting again, just because it's nice to get what I feel like I need. I feel ridiculously trapped and I'm just... tired of it. Tired of being here, stuck with my life. I honestly just thought of wandering into the woods and saying fuck it, staring over, but I need my hormones, because it's guaranteed I'm out of here permanently if I can't keep my transition. 

I'm stuck in a jumbled mind with painful memories in a self I hate feeling like a burden on others with no real support system I feel I can reach, and that hose is seeming really nice right now . I'd use a rope but I don't have one and I don't know how to smuggle one in inconspicuously, but that hose would do, I know it. No more burdening people. No more siphoning emotional energy from others. No more memories, nightmares, BPD, BD, dysphoria, nothing and that sounds just so good. Peace. Peace for me, eventual peace for others. Peace sounds so good but it scares me and I don't know what to do. I'm sorry. I guess I just needed to say something.