I feel like killing myself because of modern technology.Incoming rant, throwaway account.

I am a complete technophobe, but like many of you I work with technology every day. I work in a technical position with a private investigation company, which means I do computer forensics, install covert cameras, put GPS trackers on people's cars, make fake Facebook profiles and add people to see where they are, and put spyware on people's phones.

Every single day, I see how social networking and smartphones/smartTVs/smartcars have infiltrated the human condition. I used to really love this kind of stuff. I used to be a transhumanist, even. The thought of having a heads-up display project into my eye and give me directions, monitor my medical telemetric data, etc, was absolutely cool.

After working with technology to the degree I have for four years, this stuff scares the shit out of me. I don't have any social networking pages, I don't have a cell phone. Hell, I don't even have internet in my house - I'm typing this from my office now just so I can get it off my chest.

It terrifies me to see how ingrained this stuff has gone into everyday life. My box of cereal this morning had a hashtags, QR code, and Twitter logo on it. I have seen clients come into my office physically shaking from the prospect of leaving their iPhone overnight just because they can't get their candy crush fix.

Internet culture has become ingrained in everyday culture. Memes are homogonizing people, taking the concept of an inside jokes and appending it to an entire world. Every time I see somebody say "X all the things," or "welp" instead of "well," it makes me want to bash my head into a wall. We're losing individuality.

I understand HOW to use it - I do that for work every day. I just don't get WHY it's such a huge part of modern culture. None of my friends can sit still without whipping out the mini-flatscreen-tvs they keep in their pockets. None of them can drive a car without that addiction. There's even a series of billboards in my area that say "take the challenge - don't text and drive!" It's not a challenge! It should be a given!

People don't spend time together anymore - there's an app for that. People don't date anymore - there's an app for that. People don't even look at each other face-to-face - there's an app for that too.

I am seriously reaching the point where I feel so disconnected from the world around me, literally and figuratively, that I don't want to live in this world anymore.

And here I am, venting about how much I hate the pervasiveness of the internet... to the internet.

I don't know how to cope with this anymore!  Please help me see the beauty in the world again!