I'll never be good enoughI'm almost 24, back from university living in my parent's basement for the summer. Right now I'm looking for summer work, but haven't had any replies. I went through last summer unemployed partly due to social anxiety and paranoia and partly due to my laziness and unwillingness to deal with other people. When my parents would have company over I would pretend I wasn't home. If I needed the bathroom I would shit in my trashbin or piss in a bottle instead of going upstairs and having to talk with people. I'm fairly perceptive and can tell that most people don't like me much. I can be extremely reserved - sometimes because of fear of sounding stupid and being judged, sometimes because I can't think of anything interesting to say. My mistrust of people has put strains on all of my relationships. I've gone through phases of deliberate social isolation. I've become cold and distant. 

My parents are too good to me. They do too much for me to the point that they don't treat me like an adult. I take advantage of this because it enables my avoidance behaviour. I'm selfish. I make decisions based on avoiding fear and uncomfortable situations. At times I've been a wretched, disrespectful son, and I'm undeserving of such parents.

I have two older brothers who I have never been that close to. They are both about a decade older than me, so I've always looked up to them but never felt like one of them. They are successful, well-adjusted adults with good jobs doing what they love. One of them recently got hired at a world-famous tech company. Both have beautiful spouses and children of their own. I feel I'll never be able to compare to them. They both look down on me because I'm a leech to my parents and probably won't make something of myself. 

My problems make it difficult to deal well with others. I've never been in a serious relationship, or even asked a girl out on a date. I have a few close friends, but never really feel like I belong when hanging out in groups. I don't feel like I belong in my family. At family gatherings I'll sit speechless, emotionally flat. When I'm hanging out with my nieces and nephews it's okay, because kids just want to have fun and don't care if you're weird or unsuccessful or unintelligent. Adults are more judgemental. Everyone is always seeing if you're up to snuff. What are you doing with your life? What are you contributing to society? How intelligent are you? How much of a backbone do you have? When I'm around others I feel small, like I'm under a microscope. I often feel ashamed of the very person I am. I'm just not suited for the competition of the adult-world. I know things like success or romance don't really matter, but at the same time I hate the feeling of being looked down upon. I want to be valued and understood, but my attitudes and feelings make me an outsider. Maybe I just don't want to get rid of the illusion that I'm some sort of unique snowflake.

When I drink heavily, I do bring out my wild side and act like a clown or a child. The times I genuinely love conversing with others is when I'm piss drunk with a good friend and we are spilling our guts to each other. I can't just have normal, adult conversation with people though. They feel mechanical. I don't feel like an adult. When people have adult conversations they seem to know what they are talking about, but I just can't do it because I know that I have no clue about anything. 

I used to think I was somewhat smart but I'm not. I used to think I had musical talent, but in reality I'm nothing special. I thought I had those redeeming qualities to make up for my flaws and my neurotic disposition, but I really don't feel there is much good about me. I don't feel like I'm well-suited for any decent career, but I don't want to work a shit job I hate for the rest of my life and feel like I wasted it. Some of the only lifestyles that appeal to me are unrealistic, given my flaws, and some would require me to be a completely different person. I'm studying a useless subject at school right now, and tell others I'm going to teach English abroad after. I do want to travel, but the reality is I will make a terrible teacher if I don't change and get over my anxiety and problems with interpersonal relationships. Some days just being around people wears me down. It's like they suck everything out of the room, and me along with them.

Part of me doesn't want to get better. I'm self-destructive and have fantasies of a life leading to tragedy. I used to be into psychedelics a few years ago and had these fantasies that someday I would have a bad trip and go insane. It's like if my story can't be one of success, I want it to be a tragedy. It's funny – I'll go through periods where I'll avoid people as much as I can, yet I'm really an attention seeker. Even negative attention will do. 

So that's it. I'm a parasite to my parents, ego-centric, neurotic. I don't see much of a future for myself. I can't just be a normal person and function properly and enjoy life. I'll never be good enough. I can't face the world feeling this way. Part of me feels terrible about what killing myself would do to my family. The other part of me craves that kind of destruction. I don't want my family to remember me as   a useless failure, I would rather be remembered for ending my own life.