I feel so trapped.I feel trapped at home. Home with my sister. A evil sister.

My sister annoys and yells me but I can't say anything because she always recording our conversation to see if she can't record anything to get me in trouble. I can't record her or film her because I dont have a phone and my mom hates me and thinks my sister is a golden child and deserve a phone.

My mom said if something happened i just have to call her on the home phone, which basically doesnt work, because of my sister. Everytime I try to call my mom about my sister or something else, my sister would literally pick up a different phone and call a random digit so the line would be busy and I wouldn't be able to call my mom.

One time my sister threaten to stab me with a knife and got out a huge meat knife from the kitchen and i ran to the bathroom and tried to call my mom or 911 but my sister got on the phone before me and the landline was busy and i stayed there for almost the whole day until my sister left. I told my mom when she came home about what my sister did but my mom thought it was my sister was just joking around.

My mom been having hearing issues and my dad yells at me all the time saying that its my fault that shes going deaf because I stress her out and everytime i try to talk to my dad he ignores me. He said if mom goes deaf that im going to be kicked out to live on the streets, thats all he talks about. Mom's deaf and its all your fault.

I have a lot of trouble breathing now but no one cares because my dad only cares about my mom and my mom only cares about my sister. I can stop from crying every night now because I can't sleep anymore because my breathing issue is really bad when i lay down. I feel completely hopeless. I feel like no one can help me. I dont have anything to contact people with and im too afraid to leave since im only 14.

coronavirus cancelled next school year and i dont think i can handle this for another year. 

I feel so trapped and lonely i dont know how to escape. I know its bad to think this but i feel like ending my life is the only way out.

thanks i dont know what will happen to me now or later but i hope i can get better.