I feel stupid writing this, but I'm doing it anyway.This is a 'rough draft' of a sort of suicide note. I don't know if it's  a pathetic cry for help or just attention, but it's really how I feel.
-------------------------------------------------------------------

I don't know what this says about me, but I want people who care about me to know how I feel, but only after it's too late. One person once hypothesized that pain is comforting, a known and controllable factor when so much of life is uncontrollable. That for people like me, going back to the well of pain and self-hate is a familiar alternative to the otherwise scary and unpredictable reality of opening up and accepting peoples actual feelings about oneself. It's better to have an overblown, unrealistic idea of how terrible a person I am then to potentially be shown that it's true.

Therefore I am creating this document in the hopes that someone who may have cared for me will find it after I'm gone. Statistically that chance is paper thin since almost all the people I know who would care enough to open this document are much older then I am and not in the best of health. Still, since the idea of suicide is my constant companion, it's not out of the realm of possibility that I will be outlived.

I will use that as a segue to speak on suicide. If that is how I died, know how hard it was for me. That sounds despicably selfish to you, doesn't it? And it is, but it's also not false. Through no fault of anyone's I have been dissatisfied with my life for, well most of it really. When I was younger I wanted to be great at something. I wanted to be a great writer or cartoonist, I even really wanted to sing. But years and depression and lack of talent have all but beaten that out of me. So later I wanted to just be satisfied. Steady job with modest pay, hobbies, a few friends, and a roof over my head.

But even that was overly ambitious. Perhaps a lot of it was self-destruction, but that should not be dismissed as a valid excuse for failure. I am not master of my thoughts. I may be the guide, but a deeper source plots the course. And once it has decided something, there is little I can do about it.

I have been prescribed drugs to alter my mind, to perhaps get better results. But in the end it is still me who has to make the choice to take them. As a teenager I took them and they did nothing as far as I could see. So the illogical precedent has been set up as a built-in excuse to never try again. 

Is it odd that I can be so forthright with knowledge that could potentially have saved me years of suffering, but I did nothing with? It isn't to me. It's just more pain and self-hate to wrap myself in. 

To get back on track, from failing as an art student, to failing at every job I've ever done, to ultimately failing as a husband, I have slowly whittled away what small amount of ego I once had. I've sabotaged friendships and careers alike with my horrible anger and sullen disposition. I've accrued debt both monetary and personal that I will never repay. (To be honest I don't care about the financial debt in regards to the doctors bills and credit card. I doesn't sadden me to think I will never feed into them to completion. Both are institutions that could use a diet.)

I have caused a deficit of happiness unto the world, and it is my opinion that it would run a lot smoother without me. I am also confident that the sadness my departure will confer will be more immediate but less harsh or long lasting then my continued presence. And when you think about it, it will end MY suffering in perpetuity. Selfish again. But is it? Would you rather I be in pain? Would my constant, heart-breaking pain and suffering pail in comparison to the agony that you feel now that I am gone? YOU will move on, it's what humans do. It's how we cope with grief. But my depression isn't grief. I can't just bury myself in my work or get lost in a book or TV show. I can't let the passage of time erode the memory of it and make it dull. Depression isn't sadness. It isn't loss. It's a cataract over the lens of my heart. I can't see the world of beauty and happiness like others without it can. And everyday it grows, taking more and more sight from me. 

I use to think things would get better someday. But someday never comes. I tried to make it happen on my own, but I'm not someone who can. I have ruined every opportunity presented to me, and now they are all gone. I'm too old to train, and lack the focus to anyway. I forget simple instructions and let people down because of it. I'm too weak and hurt to mindlessly push myself physically anymore. That's how I spend my twenties and half of my thirties. Maybe I wasn't taught to ignore pain or I'm simply weak-willed, but when I hurt, I stop. I don't go until it's worse. I use to do that, and I've never impressed anyone for it. All the physical labor jobs I've ever had have lead to me being let go because I was too slow. So pushing myself did nothing but cause chronic back and neck pain.

So if my mind is weak and my body is broken, and no one will pay me to write or draw, I'm out of ways to make money. Therefore I mooch off of my family. And as I stated before, they are older and will die before me. So I will ultimately have no one in the end. I will become homeless and destitute. Then I will die a slow and agonizing death from exposure or starvation. Logically, that means that ending my life before the source of my livelihood dies is the best choice, for me and them. And the sooner I can, the less everyone suffers.

In summation, I am waiting to die. Fear is all that stops me from taking my own life. More selfishness on my part. I have plans, but I lack the courage. Someday I hope I will. But I already told you about somedays.  