I'm so close to just doing it. I can't keep living like this anymore...My husband left me back in August. He didn't allow me to drive or work, so when he left...I was just dropped. He didn't care about me, he didn't care that him leaving would cause me to struggle so much. I'm lucky to have family who pays my house, which it's just a tiny house on family land that is $350 a month, really not bad at all...but still - I know I'm lucky for atleast that. But what I really need help with is driving or getting a vehicle or just general stuff that will actually HELP me move forward in my life. I'm stuck. I'm actually stuck in my life. I can't afford anything on my own, I have enough to pay for driving lessons - which my husband sent me the money for - I do have my permit and that took me forever to convince my dad to take me to go get. I thought from there I could have my parents help me learn to drive, but there was always an excuse. There's always an excuse. I plan on scheduling my driving lessons after the 1st of the year, but from there...what am I gonna do? Get my license just to be stuck because I can't get a car. My mother and father have point blank told me they won't let me drive either of theirs, they're too broke to afford one for me. Talk to my grandparents they say, and anytime I do try talking to them they change the subject. 

Everyone thinks if I drive I'll just go out and party or go meet up with men. And honestly, I would meet up with men pretty often. I'm NOT a partier at all, but I do currently go out and drink occasionally because that's pretty much the only time I get to get out of the house. But that's not the point at all. I want to get a job, I want to be able to pay for things myself. I want to be able to move forward with my life and I just can't. No one who should be helping me do certain things are not even helping. 

I can't keep living like this. I just can't. I don't want to. I fucking hate what my life is now and I don't see it getting any better. 