I feel hopeless and damnedHi there  
My name is Pavel and I am from Ukraine but now live in Austria. May be you heard about it. Today I was googling reasons not to kill myself in none painful way and that’s when I felt an urgent need to talk or write or whatever about it. Everything started to go to shit last summer. I was in an open relationships with a girl. We’re living in different countries for past 6m but for my birthday we have decided to meet up in Europe cause she was doing summer job nearby. But it was a total disaster not a pleasant thing. She was Hooking up with a guy next door and didn’t care to mention it. So I had to be there and witness all this shit. When we were together she just openly ignored me and seemed to hate my guts. Before it was like bickering between two friends but then it was like she can’t stand what I say, my voice and my face. It was the least expected thing from a person I loved. I stopped talking to her and the next month was a nightmare. I had frequent anxiety attacks and sometimes could not find a strength to brush teeth or whatever. I started to smoke but it didn’t help at all, I just felt nausea after 3-4 cigs. Later I felt better and had to come from summer break to Austria. I finished my German language course and now I am about to start my master in economics. But I realized I can’t do this. My whole life i was helicopter parented by my family and never cared to listen to myself. And when I did no one was there to listen to me. I realized that it’s basically my fault which make it even more painful. Instead of economics I want to pursue career in ux/ui design which was my hobby. I learned adobe l software by myself in YouTube, earned some money with it and now tried to confront parents about switching to some course to deepen skills. But they want me to get my economics diploma which is complete useless for me. And they think that design is not real profession and I am weak for giving up economics. And I am 24 and still half depended on my parents finance which makes me feel even more useless. I know if I make this degree in German it will make me miserable for 2 years and leave with Diploma in the field I don’t wanna work in. I feel that all I do in life is mistakes. Cause how moving abroad could be a choice? This is a move interesting ppl make right? But it doesn’t feel like it now. I am tired of my questionable life choices, mistakes, doubts and wrong ppl in my life. I just want to feel good like ppl around do but I can’t. I know some stuff like languages but It never felt enough. I came from good family but I could not enjoy life. I could not understand why and what’s wrong with me. I feel shallow. And when anxiety or depression kick in it feels like I died but someone forgot to tell it to my body. It’s like life is not for everyone. 
...
Reread and the text felt messy and with no structure. I had to share it I think 