I've been suicidal for a long time.Maybe it is a mental illness, at least I know I can't really stop it sometimes. I feel so far behind everyone else in my life, every good opportunity I've ever had fell apart and now I question if I even have the confidence to continue or believe in myself. My deranged mom that sexually abused me had me taken out of school at 8 and faked homeschooling to the state, telling me that their education was actually just brainwashing. I find myself wishing I had had an education and I was in college now, watching one of my new friends graduate with a degree in computer science and engineering. A path I could have seen myself taking with my interests as a child.

I see other peoples life get better suddenly while my own gets worse and I have nothing left to my name. Today I question if I can really accomplish anything at all. I got a job at a scuba store last year and it brought up all sorts of feelings of how I failed swimming classes as a kid and the disappointment from my dad. He's a certified diver and I thought I could prove to him I could overcome my fear of water but a year later they had trained every employee except me. One week into training they saw I had a little anxiety and told me that I should stay above water, even though I had aced my first few sessions. A fear lingered in the back of my mind that I might not make it and I was right. I did try my best...

Everything in my life has always fallen apart but people have told me to keep going, even though I can't see the light out.  Every new spark of hope that enters my life isn't ever fulfilled and I truly think I am cursed. I couldn't even hold down a job so now I am doing doordash and uber and barely paying my bills living in a big city where I don't know anyone. I want to save myself with a big daring plan like I always do but I know that goes. Maybe there really isn't a point. My tolerance of time lessens and the bore of lifes dissapointments doesn't make anything better. I just want to give up sometimes and I keep involuntarily telling myself maybe I should just be dead. I know I can't do that though.