I'll be gone after graduationI plan on killing myself before the age of 25. The number has no meaning, its just close and a nice round figure. It could even happen before then. I'm 20 now, and in university. I plan on at least seeing my course off, just so they can say I did at least one meaningful thing in my life. 

I've never had a relationship, never kissed a girl, never had sex. At 20, and surrounded by other people who have that, it kills me. I don't believe I'm unattractive, I can't remember anyone telling me I am, there's no feature of mine that stands out as the main deterrant. I guess depression isn't that attractive.
I have a few friends, but they're mostly leaving next year. Whenever we go out to clubs, it seems for other guys to be so easy to 'pull' or meet people. They sometimes talk about the girls they've had in the past, and I'm always hearing about who's got with who on a night out. I hate it. I can't join in on those conversations. 
I don't feel like a real person. Real people at 20 would've had real experiences; holidays, first kisses, relationships, breakups, love, sex, drugs, etc. Memories of a real life. I don't have that. I have memories of only education, exams, bullying, depression.

It took me 19 years to be able to say I was confident. And the exact moment I did, shortly after some of my hair fell out from stress. Its as if any good thing life throws my way is just so it can snatch it away and leave a bigger hole afterwards.

It feels pathetic. At 20, I feel like a child. They market university as a time of your life where you have the most freedom and opportunity. Why can't I have some of it if everyone else can? Once its over and you have to get a job, being a 20+ yr old kissless virgin. It'll just be easier to kill myself.

Even if I met the love of my life tomorrow, I'd still do it. Just because even at 20 its pathetic and society sees me as an anomaly. I'm about 4 years late to the game, and its not going to change, so what's the point in even playing?

I don't know if I can do it myself, so I might have to get someone else to do it for me, or find another way. I just wanted to be a real person.