I haven't felt this way in years.I'm 24 years old. I can't do anything anymore without thinking "well wait? What's the point of this? Do I really want to do X for the next 60 or more years?"
I'm burnt out from work and life.
I've never had friends, a relationship, I've never gone anywhere, seen anything. I've been working 16 hour days lately. I just got my first apartment but can't even move in because I have no time to pack my bedroom up at home. I was on track to buy a house until I actually got in touch with lenders and they denied me despite my high credit score and acceptable income... all because my boss of 6 years refused to put me on the books. Therefore: no income to report legally for 2 years when my current income will be reportable. So I had to stop looking at homes and settled for a run-down studio apartment.

I need a new car. My current car is a high mileage 2006 crown victoria. It currently leaks coolant INTO the spark plugs. I'm adding coolant/ water multiple times daily at this point because it overheats after 25 or so miles.. the length of my commute to both jobs.
I sent all of my information to a dealer for financing on Sunday night. He confirmed it and said i was good to come in to do a test ride and buy the car. He had me do the test ride and tell me all of the pluses on the car, then told me in his office "unfortunately even though 746 is an excellent credit score since you have a limited loan history (read as: 0 loans, only a credit card), it's unlikely you'll get approval for good interest rates. I ran your information and the banks came back at 15% 10% and 9.44% with $10,000 down".

So now I'm back to where I was. A car thats costing me $11-$22 per day in coolant alone, in upstate NY where it's freezing currently so i can't keep using water). On top of that my car is RWD boat that will not suffice for a long commute in the snow. I have an apartment I can't get time off or coverage-time so i can actually move in...
I'm physically and emotionally drained. 
I went to bed last night, and as I was laying on my couch I'm unintentionally, mentally, planning how I'd end it.
I'd pack all of my things since I'm moving, keep them packed at the new apartment- and just do it.
That way, my room is already cleaned out, my mom won't have to clean anything up, she won't have to live in the same house that I ended things in, and I guess I can be done with it all.

I have no one to talk to. My mom is just as emotionally exhausted as I am to the point where I worry about moving out and leaving her alone for the first time in my life. It's just the 2 of us. Yeah, I have an aunt and cousins, but they don't come around unless there's drama with them. But that's all. My sister took her kids and stopped talking to us because I called the cops (then they called CPS) on her drug-addicted boyfriend for physical abusing my nephew, in front of my mother. So my sister blames my mom even though it was me that called. My mom won't tell her it was me and I have no way of doing so. So I've been living with that guilt for almost a year (not about calling the cops, but the guilt of my sister not talking to my mom because she blames her).

I can't shake this feeling that being done with everything is the most logical choice.

Nothing I'm doing currently is working for myself or anyone else.

I work an office job where I'm constantly on egg shells because my boss will fire anyone at any point just because she doesn't know how to be or want to be a boss, but she got married to the owner while she was an employee herself and now she's VP....

But anyway, idk.

I've felt this way for so long but I'm literally the biggest bitch and no that I can't for a second do that to my mom.





Thoughts?