No reasonsI feel useless in this world. I have no friends, never had any friends. Kissless virgin, never had any sort of relationship with a girl. Never met my dad and mom left when I was 3. No siblings. Living with abusive aunt and uncle. As a result of their beatings when I was younger, and total exclusion and being beaten up in school, I am completely insecure. I struggle with making basic social interactions, am self conscious about the way I look, the clothes I wear, the music I listen to. I barely ever go out in public anymore. I've been told countless times I am incompetent and am never going anywhere, and have proven them right with my clumsiness, knocking things over, tripping up, and spilling things. I drown myself in my computer with the internet and video games. They're the only things really keeping me here. But...

I have no interests due to not being able to "get good" at my past interests. I put 2,000+ hours into CS GO. CS GO was all I lived for since I first started playing it in 2013. In matchmaking I never got past Gold Nova 2 (it's shit). I got bested in every fight, game, eventually dropping down to Silver 3. That was on my first account. Over the years I owned 7 accounts, highest ranked Gold Nova 2. I've never been "good at things". I have appallingly bad hand eye coordination, meaning I suck at simple tasks like writing, drawing, etc. I am absolutely useless, I have absolutely no talents.

I used to regularly get told by both boys and girls how ugly I am. The one girl I liked crushed me when she found out. I was ridiculed at school and in public. 
I've been rejected 2 jobs because I have nothing to put on a resume, so I can't earn enough money to at least buy my freedom. And if I wanted a therapist, my "guardians" buried that idea a long time ago.
Not really sure where to go on from here. I have absolutely nothing to live for. No self esteem, no talents, not even average, no confidence, no social skills.

Wanted to post this before I really consider what I might do.