Feel like I'm a defective person. Don't want to live because I can't succeed in school.Well, I'm 24. Everyone tells me that I'm really smart but I've always been "behind" my peers. I feel like I can understand a lot of things at a deeper level than most people but never, ever apply them with the competency that others do.

I almost failed out of high school, and I'm on my 6th year of community college. I was in a vocational program and changed to a standard program, I thought I would actually go to a university. Now, probably not. Since I changed programs, for the first the first time in my life I've really been trying hard to apply myself, but I simply failed again. I did horribly this quarter, consistently ran out of time trying to finish assignments, now I'm flunking my core classes.

And I'm wondering, is it really worth it to go on living?

I never got to have most of the "normal" experiences that other people do when they're young. I was totally socially isolated until I was in my 20s. I find it hard to get past that. In a way I'm thankful for my outside perspective, but I'm also incredibly jealous of people who got to live according to society's expectations. So much so that I find it really hard to be around someone if I know they went to college soon after high school, they got to go to parties as a teenager, etc... I don't think they're a bad person or anything, I'm just so incredibly jealous that it's hard for me to talk to them. Every day I beat myself up in my head over having "missed out" on what society says I'm "supposed" to have done. I know it's not rational but it's just a constant thing.

I hate the way our society is organized - the social heirarchy, blind materialism, capitalism itself - At the same time that I have trouble with other people because I envy their experiences, I feel dirty just for participating in what I see as something fundamentally terrible.

Unless I can do something where I feel like I'm contributing to the advancement of mankind, the eventual atrophying of our current way of living in the face of greater technology and understanding, I don't want to be around at all.

I don't want to live if I can't be a scientist.

Which brings me back to my trouble in school... By fucking up this quarter I've ensured that I'll not be able to graduate on time. I was going to try to apply to some universities but I'm not going to be able to do that. I'll be a 7 year community college student. If I do get into a university, I probably won't do any better. I can't really have a career in the sciences without going through grad school. I'll be over 30 by the time I get out of school if I do, but what's the likelyhood I'll even get to make it into grad school?

But there's absolutely nothing else that I could live with doing. I've thought long and hard about this, I really have. The only other thing I could tolerate is perhaps going into politics, but there's no way a stunted, socially awkward person like me could be successful in that arena.

So now I feel like I'm at the end of my rope. I feel like I'm going to end up hurting myself over my failure in school. I've tried so hard, but disorganization, ADD, and depression get the better of me - it seems clear that I'll never be a good student. I'm never going to accomplish my dreams. I'm sick and tired of spending forever in community college, leaching off my parents and working as a telemarketer.... I want to kill myself because I'm not capable of achieving the one and only thing that I feel really matters to me...