Everything is just all over the place.I'm a 24 year old female. My parents are on vacation until Friday and I'm looking after the cats. I'm just trying to end these thoughts and not do this until they get back, I can't have the cats left alone this long. The house is too much of a mess to have anyone over, not to mention have someone look after the cats. 

I've spent the entire weekend alone. Everyone was busy and the only in person interactions I've had were with cashiers. I feel like nobody wants to see me and I don't have enough friends. There's my boyfriend who did want to see me but I haven't been able to bear seeing him for two weeks now. I don't know what to do about him. I'll expand more on that in a bit. 

I want to call someone, but it's almost 5 AM so everyone is asleep. I don't want to bother anyone I'm close with about this anyway. There's a 24 hour crisis hotline that I've called before. But they don't seem to give a damn and say 'You need to find your own way to deal with that.' unless I tell them I want to kill myself. But of course that will end up with ambulance and going to the hospital, being treated like I'm insane and of course I'll miss work. As much as I dislike it, it was the only thing for me to look forward to because I have a purpose and I would have at least some social interaction. Although I want to avoid some coworkers who I'm upset with for cancelling after agreeing to get drinks this weekend. 

I'm just an absolute failure and with the way things are, I can't have the life that I want so what is the point? I'm 24, still living at home. Never learned to drive. My college diploma is useless. I couldn't find a job in my field an I graduated four years ago. I've been at a call center for the past three years and I'm not moving up there. I'm horrible with money. I have several grand in credit card debt and no savings because of a shopping addiction trying to cope by buying things for myself or gifts for others. I've delayed my life for so long and I don't see a way out of this. 

I'm terrible with relationships. I keep getting into them and become miserable and I just want to be single and then when I am single, I want to be in a relationship. I've been with the same guy for over a year and have no clue what to do. I haven't seen him in two weeks after an incident where he got really drunk and I stayed sober. He wanted to have sex and I said no because it wasn't right for a sober person to have sex with a drunk person. He had a meltdown, insulted me, begged me not to leave yet would not let me help him get water or touch him. I was raped a month and a half ago and it really upset me and actually made me afraid of him. He had become clingy and suddenly supportive after I told him about the assault. This made me resentful because I had been experiencing a bad bout of anxiety/depression for six months before the incident (and still am now) and was not being very supportive and was downright frustrated with me. I've been feeling detached for awhile, going into old patterns, but he really doesn't want me to leave and I don't want to hurt him, I feel stuck.

I have been pretty promiscuous for almost ten years now and thrive on male attention. I'm a slut. Some say I'm like this because I was molested by a neighbor (who was the same age) when I was six. That's no excuse. I don't know. I hate myself. Maybe I'm just a bad person. I don't know anything else. I'm obsessed with this guy I've liked for years that told me he liked me last year but I can't get him to even meet up with me to talk when he promises, and will sometimes ignore me for months. I don't know why or what the hell is wrong with me. I can't get him off my mind. 

I want a stable relationship with children but I don't think I'm capable of that. I know I'll disappoint my parents if I don't. God knows I'm already a disappointment to them. I'm tired of mooching off them or needing their help. They felt bad for leaving me to go on vacation after everything. That's how screwed up I am, that's how defective I am. I just want to take that all away from them. I'm a burden to them. Yeah I'm their only child and they might be upset if I do this, but I know they will be better off in the long run. I know everyone will. 

I'm just tired of being a screw up, I'm tired of being mentally ill. I'm tired of being a burden. I'm tired of being a bad girlfriend. I'm tired of being a bad person. This is all my fault and I know that. 'Just change, don't kill yourself.'. Pfft. I am beyond that, I am out of control. I don't see a way out of this. I'm tired of having nights like these. This has been happening for months now pretty often. I've had these thoughts on and off since I was about 11. I have a plan mostly drawn up. I just need the tools and a note. I want to be free of myself and free everyone else. I'm not trying to get sympathy or attention nor do I want it. 

I just want to get through the next few days. For the cats. I've gotten through others. I've gotten through nights when my parents were on vacation in December. I'm just waiting to calm down so I can sleep for a few hours and go to work. I want everything to look normal for just a few days. 

I'm sorry for the rant. I'm sorry for everything. I'm half writing this to calm down. I hope everyone has a wonderful day. 