Suicide Ideation Crossing Into ContemplationI’ve always dealt with low grade suicide ideation that are timed with my monthly cycle. For the most part, birth control negated this and I’ve been ok. It’s only been through times of extreme stress that the birth control couldn’t quite beat down thoughts of killing myself. But even then, it wouldn’t get further than googling methods of suicide before feeling a wash of fear and exiting the search.

But things have been significantly terrible, and the ideation is crossing into more serious territory. I lost my jobs coaching music and all my private music students, every single performance and gig cancelled when our state shut down in March. Everything gone in one single day. I’m lucky that I got on unemployment quickly, and that I don’t have a rent payment since I live at home with my family. But the isolation has been eating away at me. I can’t see my students who I love dearly, can’t see my boyfriend because he is an Uber driver. I am at home listless and without direction. I was ok for a bit- I baked and embroidered, I listened to music and read books. My whole family still has jobs that are considered essential, so they are all busy with work. Everything was ok, just the normal societal anxiety, but the last five days have been particularly horrible. My birth control prescription expired and I haven’t been able to get a new one. The suicide ideation is back, but stronger because of the isolation I am feeling. I can’t reach out to anyone without scaring them, without them thinking I am selfish. So many have it worse. I am safe while others are not. I am afraid to tell my partner lest he thinks I am weak during times of strife, that he can’t trust me. 

I have hit the lowest I have ever felt, where idle searches are no longer scaring me but giving me a sense of relief. My father owns a shut gun, which is normally locked away. However, after seeing a video of a daytime home invasion, he has left it out and within easy reach. I pass it every day, see it sitting there and constantly think that all I’d have to do is find the shells and I could be done with this yawning, gnawing despair. The only thing that holds me back is fear of pain, and the idea of my family having to contend with my body, with the despair and anger they’d feel for the rest of their lives. But even that is feeling tenuous. 

I need help, because I only seeing this worsening. I feel helpless, alone, and I do not want to burden those in my life with additional fears as they contend with their own.