How I have sabatoged just about every aspect of my life.Not sure what is wrong with me. I worked hard to escape the life I grew up in and actually succeded in getting the life I wanted. The great job, the great friends, I was able to travel and do what I wanted in comfort. But I was still unhappy.  After living in constant survivual mode for a long time I did not know what to do once I was finally able to relax I felt so hollow. I didn't know who I was, just the person I thought I should be, and did everything to be the person everyone else wanted me to be. I did not have very many friends growing up, I have recently been diagnosed with aspergers among other things, and being a gay man, well the world is a very scary place sometimes for people like me. Just trying to make it through day to day life can be somewhat hard, and sense I never really learned any healthy coping skills from my parents. As a young adult I stayed to myself worked hard, got a degree then moved to a bigger city where I thought I could be myself.  Even though I was more true to myself about somethings I still did not know who I was, I began to do more things to get approval. I began to dress differently, lied about where I came from, and how I really felt about somethings. I began to become a camelaon and slowely but surely began to hate myself even though I thought I was living the life I always wanted. As you can imagine wearing a mask contantly can take it's toll on you. I felt a great since of shame about lying about who I was and living a double life. On top of that the great job came with a great deal of stress and I never thought I belonged there so I would work myself tooth and nial to prove that I was worthy and get the approval of my boss and co-workers. I was successfull for a while, but then I began drinking and doing drugs, suprisingly later in my late 20's vs the years you would normally expect. Since I was easily influenced and the gay community runs rampant with "chem sex" this became my go to when I wanted to relieve stress. This was the perfect storm for a deep depression that I have still been unable to dig myself out of. I started getting paraniod and lashing out at others for what I believed were probems they were causing me. I was also enabling my best friends and dragging them along with me. I eventually had an eposiode a full break from reality, even though I was able to hide it pretty weell, and getting better I still have quite a few delusions and confused about many things. This caused me to withdrawl from friends and family and be mistrusful, and anxious. I started to lean heavily on my best friend for emotional support, but since he has other people he is a caretaker before I am sure I became a bit too toxic for him to handle. Not sure when something amiss was noticed at work but I am under alot more scrunity and although they have not come out and said anything I am pretty sure they know about my mental health issues and doing everything they can to make it easier for me, but I just end up sabotoging myself. Falling behind on projects, staying up late, escapism with substances and video games. I keep saying I am going to get better and do more healthy self care and breaking my promise each time and feeling more and more guilty and downing myself. It has come to the point where these negative thoughts go through my mind mornign day and night, and I know it has been hard for my friends and family, but I just think they would all be better off without me. I know I have alot to be greatful for but I just feel like I am too broken to ever heal or know true happiness. That something was taken from me at a very early age and because of that I will never know what I really want or am. Ill never feel like I really belong, and don't want to be a burden to anyone any longer. Not sure how much longer I can keep doing this but I just don't want to be here anymore. I know people have it alot worse than I do, and that it is a very selfish thing to do to the people that care about me, but I just don't see any other way. I am tired of living a lie, and hurting people. I used to think I was a nice person, but now I can see all the hurt I caused to people, and I just don't know if that is true.