𝑇𝐻𝐸 𝑃𝐸𝐸𝐹𝐸𝐶𝑇 𝐺𝐼𝑅𝐿 ):I don't have suicidal thoughts but I can admit I feel slightly depressed, any support will be much appreciated.......

So it all started in school, I was young and incredibly shy and inexperienced in any type of love. But it all started when I face-timed my best friend (we will call him ’ben’ for this story) and we started to talk about the topic of love. I felt awkward but he somehow convinced me to tell him who I liked the most in our year. I told him that I liked a girl (we will call her ’jasmine’ for this story). And Jasmine in my eyes was smart and had shown lots of lovable characteristics. So the next day in school I am hanging out with ben  and we were sitting on a table with some of his friends. And we all started to talk about girls. When my best friend exposed me to the table. Then someone on the table (we will call him ’jack’ for this story) got hyped and believed what ben had said. So he started talking to me about weird things which I won't specify but it made me feel incredibly uncomfortable. I then remember the bell ringing and we started to go to class. But then I remembered that my next lesson had jack and my crush jasmine. I sat in my seat near the front. I remembered being incredibly sad and scared. As I saw jack leaning over his table to see when jasmine entered the class. As soon as jasmine entered the room jack told her everything in front of everyone. I was upset for the whole class as she had said ’no I don't like him he's just a nice guy’ I thought that she didn't mean it and that I should ask her out properly but I never did. And near the end of the year, everyone was trying to ask jasmine out for me but it never worked. Everytime I don't think much of it. (apparently she actually liked me back but wanted me to ask her out by my self) it's been 2 years and I had also believed she still liked me. But now I realise she actual wanted to get away from me since her love for me faded away. I'm still that ’nice guy’ and I don't know what to do as I keep messing up our relationship online.

I don't know what to do I want to just get away from her because I only like her for her looks but I can never distance myself from her and my mental state is getting worse as the days pass.