I just don't know where to go anymore.I'm so fucking tired of everything that is part of my life. More and more I keep succumbing to insanity and hopelessness. I recover, because I'm mentally strong. But I always return to this dreadful state. The time between being happy and unimaginably sad becomes shorter every time. My mental strength is fading. My bucket of hope is down to its last few drops. 

There is too much going on in my life and I can't take it on alone anymore. That is the problem. I've always been practically on my own. Left to my own self. In my entire 26 years of living I've never met anyone that I could really connect with. And If I did make any friends that I could connect with, the friendship would somehow water down over time. 

I'm not sure where I'm going with this post. I'm so confused and plagued by all kinds of thoughts and worry that I can't write a coherent post anymore. Almost everything I try to undertake ends in either mediocrity or failure. I work so damn hard to make something of my life but every time life turns around the corner to kick me in the balls and crush my face into the ground. 

I'm not a real man. In my 26 years of living no woman has ever been interested in me. I can't see why since I'm not ugly or have a bad personality that I know of. Yet apparently nobody wants me. There is just something about me that turns women off. That's the conclusion I'm coming to. Never kissed a woman, been loved by one, never hugged or had deep conversations about life. Never made love. And yes I've date people and such, I'm not the kind of guy you think I am. I don't live under a rock or anything. Not that it would matter. I see all kinds of people ending up in relationships. Only I don't. 

I only have a few friends. One hand is more than enough to count them on. I know quite a lot of people and have a decent social life, but I just always feel like there is a glass wall between me and everyone else. Every time I put myself in a vulnerable position, I get hurt.  

I'm truly tired of life. I truly am. I don't know where to turn to anymore. I don't know what to hope for anymore. Hope for me, has always turned out to be a thing that only enhances my inevitable pain. And I just want the pain to stop.

I've come to despise the happy careless people that act like life is some sort of party and everything is fantastic. They seem to have everything worked out, but didn't have to do very much for it.  People like that have just been dealt good cards and don't know about the true world that surrounds them. Reality is a very cold and heartless place to be in for some people. I've stopped talking about my problems to a certain person from my family I trust a lot. I don't want to bother anyone with my problems anymore. 

I just want to be loved by someone for who I am. That, I've learned, is not a possibility. I don't know how or why, but I seem to be broken and unattractive.

Fuck life.