35 may as well be 80i wasted my teenage years and first years of my 20's recovering from chronic fatigue syndrome, having my dad die and then taking care of my mother 24/7 after six months after my dad died. i wasted my twenties by trying to work out what the fuck i had to do. my dad was 63 when i was born and retired by the time i was in school. he had lost his hearing in world war two. my mum was in her late 30's. when i was in grade 4 or 5 she had a massive mental breakdown (manic depression) and had to retire from being a 30+ year school teacher. she never worked again. As a child/teen I associated hard work with mental illness and personal tragedy because that's what i knew.  When i first started to be really good at something I got glandular fever which was later diagnosed as chronic fatigue syndrome. Just as I recovered from that Dad died suddenly. Six months later I took care of my mother 24/7. She died a week before my 22nd birthday. By that point i had no education - couldn't go to school when i was caring for her (was before i knew about distance ed.) - the next couple of years were trying to sort my life out. i got my vce. Someone from my past took pity on me and got me a job in the USA. 

I fucked that up. I had a stroke and lost my shit. Got involved with the wrong people - who took me in when i got out of hospital from my stroke (which cost me my job because i couldn't stay out on the road working it). I stayed in america rather than admitting defeat and going home back here to Australia. i ultimately went to jail for crimes they committed. because i couldn't prove that i was innocent didn't think i had a chance so i pleaded guilty before it even went to court. I did my time and got out. I wanted to redeem myself but of course that's easier said than done. I went back to school and got two university degrees - degrees in internet communications and professional writing and editing - great lot of good they'll do. arts degrees aren't worth the paper they're printed on. I'm halfway through a marketing degree (all started since I got out of prison).

i'm meant to be moving to brisbane next week with my partner of 4 years. the second they do a background check on me they'll find what happened to me overseas. well that's great - it means that we'll be trying to move states with her already having taken the position to improve her health and be homeless because nobodies going to rent out to a criminal. 

I cant get a real job so i do my best writing articles for websites. some freelance writer i am. 

i have cancer and the likelihood of recovery from that is low. i think i'm better off dead before it kills me slowly and i put my partner and family through even more grief.

ya gotta hate that i'm a  peahearted individual who is an absolute no hoper.

don't fuck your lives up kids. i'm only 35 but i may as well be 80 with the chances that i have left to make something of myself