I don't know what I'm more scared of, going through with taking my life or continuing to live like this till I'm old and frailI'm in a really weird mental place right now and I can't help but think I've sorta got two choices. If I end it I hurt everyone that cares for me however I'm also scared that I'll never stop feeling the way I do and end up living out my life just suffering till my life runs its course. 
Depression has really got to me and I think I'm going crazy, like when I feel a little bit of happiness it feels as if it were fake. It feels as if I have to keep telling myself I'm happy because of this or because I'm doing this and I wonder if I'll ever feel it for real. I'm 20 and I've been seeking help for a few years now and I just don't feel myself when I'm on antidepressants and I seem to hit all the side effects possible but at the same time I don't think I'm really feeling myself off them either.  I'm fighting really hard but I really can't see it getting better no matter what I do.
I really messed up and because of the whole fake happiness deal I did the worst thing possible and told myself if she's happy that's pretty darn close to feeling it myself with my girlfriend of two years and it actually worked really well, whenever I saw her face light up I told myself how good that makes me feel because I adore her so much. Trouble is when she turned around and broke it off with me I kinda lost my the closest thing to really feeling alright. It's like I dropped lower than I'd ever felt in my life and it hasn't really stopped even though I really do feel completely over her and it's been over a year I don't think that sparks ever coming back to me. 
Most people honestly think I'm the happiest guy they know but in all honesty it only comes across that way because I tell myself that's how I'm feeling but I never really feel it properly. It's like I live off of other people's happiness because I can't feel my own.
If there's any tips you got even little simple ones that helped yourself It'd be great to hear them I feel any second I could flip and try end myself again and I'm taking stupid risks just for the hell of it, I want to fight this but I'm sad to say I'm losing ( I know this shows I don't really want to do it but I think it's only logical I save myself from the suffering ahead)

I really hope this made sense I'm a little all over the place at the moment. 
If any if you need just someone to talk to I'm always up for a chat I simply enjoy helping people and it's honestly the opposite of a hassle 🙂 