When I kill myself, I’ll be in my favourite suitNavy blue suit. White shirt. Dark red tie to match the speckles of blood dotting the walls around me. Maybe I’ll decide to put on my favourite pair of brown oxfords too.

That’ll be the outfit I’ll be in when I finally resign myself to the pull of Glock 22 trigger mechanism at 21 years old. A single pull to end all the bad thoughts. A single action to rescue myself from the torment of my dismal situation. That dismal situation you might ask? The ephemeral case of unrequited love.

Right now I lay with a night where the moon shines baleful and bright. Its gentle light haunting my room. Had it been a year ago, I would be perfectly content in the company of only the moon. But I want more right now, I want a girl that can’t want me back. When I confessed my feelings to her, she said she has a crush on me, but she’s afraid to date. Reason being her religion. She’s a witness and she’s never been in a relationship before.

We still hang out a lot, and when I’m with her I’m the happiest guy in the world, but there’s an inarticulable feeling looming in the crevices of my mind. People tell me I need to cut her out of my life. Easier said than done. I just can’t rationalize myself to escape her presence, or form a healthy, cordial relationship with her where we’re not boyfriend and girlfriend. I presently have the opportunity to, but my desire for me forbids me. And thus I am sad, and have been since the leaves started falling last year. 

Depression crashed itself into mind because I can’t call her my girlfriend, with it the endless tides of sorrow, and thoughts of a future that I’m not a part of. A future not being with the girl I really love, I’ve told myself, that’s not one I can endure. My heart flutters then aches when I think about her. Sometimes moments of delusions are maliciously cast into my mind. Delusions where we can be truly together. Only after they fade is my sadness exponential.

Thoughts have parsed my rotten mind with the idea that not existing wouldn’t be so bad. That’s where it started; a simple idea that not existing wouldn’t be the worst thing in the world. Then as I lay in bed, hopelessly forcing myself to fall asleep to escape reality, the thought crosses my mind that not waking up ever is seriously inviting. After hours battling with my thoughts, I am forced to waken in the early grey dawn, forced to meander to the subway to monotonous legal lectures, forced to deal with my thoughts of her all over again.

I’m weak-willed, I don’t want to endure these thoughts anymore. I know time heals all wounds, but I don’t want to wait. I can’t anymore. I want to forcefully remove them from my mind. I think the power of ballistics firearms can aid me. I’m taking the easy way out and I will wear my favourite suit whilst doing it. 