What reasons are there to stay?I honestly am having a hard time finding reasons to stay alive, I'm a 19 y/o in college and just feel like I'm a burden financially and in general to my family. It's hard to pay for college and I feel like I just haven't done anything worthwhile for them when I know that my parents have paid for so many things in my life, I feel like I can't find anyway to repay them. I always feel useless and inadequate when I compare myself to all my other siblings, 5 children with me as the middle child in case that gives a clearer picture of my struggle, and I can't help but feel like everyone would be better off without me here. Like no one would really notice that I'm dead. I've had these suicidal thoughts before, for a while really, and back then I would usually find something I loved and keep that in mind until the thoughts went away. It's getting harder and harder to do that nowadays, I don't know what there is to stay for anymore.

Even worse is that it's not like I don't know that my family loves me, I know they do, but even when I hear "I love you," it's somehow like it's not true, like it's just words with no meaning behind it. It's just like how I've been feeling about my family in general lately, it's a family with no sense of love around it. I can't help but feel like I have to carefully inspect every word that comes out of each family member's mouth in order to get a real sense of what they're saying as if there's some kind of double meaning to every other word.

Like I've said before the suicidal thoughts were never this bad, they would come and go from time to time but I've been having some serious thoughts about ending my life for the last few days and I'm absolutely petrified about going to anyone for help, I wouldn't even know where to start. I'm pretty sure I know where my parents stance on mental health is and refuse to go to them for help. Even if this post doesn't get many eyes on it even just a couple of replies on this with *some* kind of advice is better than just wallowing in my own bleak thoughts and having to debate on my own life.