My neighborhood turned me into a hateful Nazi. I hate it, and I want it all to stop.Hello there.

Gonna be talking about racism and Islamophobia, so here's a trigger warning, I guess.

TL;DR: I'm a Neo Nazi and I hate hating, I want it to fucking end.

So I've made a post on this sub before, but I feel it's time I get a bit more personal. I live in St. Louis, North County to be specific (about five minutes outside Ferguson to be even more so). I work at a Dairy Queen where each and every day I am talked to like a dog by an unimaginably ghetto clientele. This continued behavior, as well as watching my neighborhood go to shit, and my family members being assaulted, has turned me into a closet Neo-Nazi. You can say all you want about poverty and oppression breeding crime, but I'm in the shit with them, and I don't behave like a fucking animal. My aunt was battered and carjacked, my 91 year old grandmother burgled and battered, and my own mother assaulted outside of our home. I feel the world would be a much better place without these fucking degenerates

Islam is a big target of hate for me as well. I'm not sure if you all heard about the London Bridge terror incident today, but it comes NOT EVEN within two weeks of the Manchester bombing. And everyone is just too damn PC nowadays to speak up against, what I believe, is a great evil. How many more fucking attacks will it take before we start taking this threat seriously? How many people have to die in explosions or deliberate car crashes before the PC police think that it's about time we start considering these bloodthirsty monsters a threat to our homeland? Once proud countries such as England, Germany, Sweden, and Norway have been completely trashed by refugees because they fear being branded as racists or Islamophobes. I fear the loss of my race and homelands. 

By now, you're probably rooting for me to kill myself. One less intolerant asshole in the world, right? Well, I'm considering it. I don't like being this way. The stigma attached to my ideologies are universally hated and mocked. Hell, I'm going to school for Biology, genetics to be exact, but no one knows why I'm really doing it. I'm utterly ashamed of my hate and I don't want to feel this way any longer. Sometimes I'll spend the day just entertaining the idea of ending it all, but knowing that I never can because I have shit to do and people to support. I'd like to curb my hate, maybe it'll help me make friends, for once. I know there are people on this sub threatening to end it all tonight, and they definitely have priority, but some advice and reassurance would be much appreciated. Thank you so much for reading, friend.