11/23/2020 - MondayOh boy, here we go again. i've run out of pills, i've really flown off the handle. if you reme,ber last time, i get like this when i have nt had ,my meds, i took my last one last night, ive got no perscription and my usual pharmacy is in a nothether state. there was a guy a year ago who jumped off a bridge and killed himself near route 130 . my brother's are down stairs rignt now doing hatever they do, but i might as well be alone in this house. i don't even know where i'd begin, they're completel y oblivious. it's really cold in here, and i'm shivering, but i'm also sweating at the same time, its weird.part of me wants to take a walk , but the other part of me fears that i might not end up walking back. as for sleeping, i've becom e nocturnal again. i got sick and slept throught the day a few days ago, so and i'm writing this at around 11 pm, i just woke up about an hour ago., i haven't eaten anything in a while, it's been a day or two, i'm starving but i don't want to eat for some reason, i think i might get sick again. i don't know what i'm gonna do for the next 12 hours, everyone's in bed and i'm wide awake, i've got the whole house to myself. the light in here is way too bright. earlier me and my older brother were talking about this old movie called Robots, it has robin williams in it. it's one of my favorite movies of all time. then my little brother speaks up and starts talking about capitalism, he really hates capitalism. i just about lost my temper. why does THAT liTtlE SHIT HAVE TO POISON EVErYTHING? he's full of hatred and angst, he thinks he knows way more about the world than he actually does. he's an avid Twitter user, so if that doesn't give you a good idea of the type of person he is, then i don't know what would. these days i look around and see nothing but hatred and anger. peoplehate each other now more than any time before. if you complimented some one they would think you were tyring to take advantage of them or sell them something, it's tragic. it's a giant mess of indecipherable screaming and rhetoric. that's all i can think of that the moment, i might write again in an hour or two just to keep my mind occupied, so i don't get any brilliant ideas. no t like i; have anything better to do.