Due to apathy I don't see value in life.I am 22 and I am not at danger.

As far as I can remember I lived in apathy. I had no hobbies, I had nothing I wanted and I definitely had no dreams for the future.

There wasn't anything bad in my life other than loneliness. I was doing fine at school, generally enjoyed interactions with others and wasn't ever depressed. 

It's just that being not sad doesn't mean being happy. I just went day by day filling my time with mostly games, even if I didn't actually want to play - gotta do something. My plan for life was to get a job, marry somebody, have a kid or two and die at some point. I thought that maybe love for spouse will be something that is gonna make me happy, but to be honest wasn't really expecting that.

I fully assumed that was everyone's experience. Some people might have things they like to do or friends they have for longer (my relationships were never meant to last, it was always just a thing to do on a school break between lessons) and they probably enjoy life. But the majority is like me, they are fine, maybe overall slightly positive, maybe slightly negative. 

One day I had the thought. If really all there is to life is to wait until death, then might as well spare myself the hard parts. Why should I go to work and do things I don't want prolonging eventual end? Might as well do it now and get this over with.

Since my life wasn't bad and only like... neutral and I was curious if over time I would find something in life and because I didn't want my family to suffer I didn't do it. I guess I don't want to die since I always cry the moment I start thinking about it, but can't really come with rational reason as to why; it's probably just a natural instinct, nothing I should concern myself with.

However the thought that my life has no value stayed - it's just waiting for the end, others might enjoy theirs (good for them), but I don't. It's a life that very well could have never existed and there wouldn't be any difference. 

Then one day I discovered something about myself - I am transgender. In a way it had a terrible effect on me, since it gave me hope. I felt like now that I understand I can actually live a decent life and enjoy it. It opened my eyes to the fact that I've lived in a lie and that this apathy is not something everyone feels. Instead of my cozy life of wasting every day and being fine with that, now I have a life where I know how terrible I feel and have to work my hardest to accomplish a bare minimum that I deserve.

It's gonna be harder than I can even imagine, I have to be stronger than people who actually tried things in their lives and got used to challenges.

I know there is one thing I won't do; I won't ignore my gender and go back to apathy, that would be terrible. Now that I know there is a life outside of it, it would make me the a total wreck to turn back. I would feel pathetic, a failure and depressed.

*So like I should try and earn myself a happy life?*

But I don't even know what that means. Just tell me directly **what is there is life that's worth living for.** What is there that can make the struggle worth taking?

I don't want to live just so others aren't sad I died and I couldn't care less about religion, tell me why do you think I should try.

My life still has no value, I still don't feel happy, I have a hope that I'll fix it (and doubts that it won't work), but currently it's still shitty. Why should I take this barely possible challenge and not just say:

Welp, might as well just give up on trying, if I don't know why I should bother.

Currently the size of the struggle seems larger than my guilt of leaving parents to deal with me committing suicide, so in other words - I could do it. I don't plan on it anytime soon, but it's a possibility that is in the back of my head.