Who's really being selfish?They say that suicide is selfish... Maybe it's selfish to try to keep someone around because of the pain It'd cause?

A few months ago I did reach out for help and did go to the hospital. Being there was just boring. Stupid life lesson videos, group therapy, multiple bed checks, middle of the night vitals measured.... I went through the motions just to get home.

These last few days have been slightly different than the other times I was seriously considering doing it. It's different because of the following reasons:

Being in the hospital sucked ass and it helped enough to get everyone of my back and also garner a little sympathy.. But I learned most of all not to tell anyone that I'm suicidal unless it's because I don't want to be and I'm scared or something.

I do believe I have the method to pull it off successfully.

I'm just so damn tired. ***TIRED*** It feels like my body has stopped. My knee will suddenly give and I'll nearly fall while walking. I'm stiff when I waken. Everything is swollen. It's a conscious effort if I move.

My brain.. My brain has definitely stopped. I can't remember the previous day when I wake up. I have to retrace my steps like I was a drunk. I don't think as much as I used to. My brain seems slower or just seems to outright refuse to think of or try to learn anything. 

I simply give no fucks about anyone or anything.

The promise I made that kept me alive this whole year seems more and more plausible that I could break it. 

Sad. Abysmally sad.

I disappoint myself with my impulsive choices. Disappointed that I make them and how often I do.

So,
I just wanna *go.* I'm so tired. Aren't I done yet. My childhood was hard enough. My early and late teens were a nightmare. My twenties was just one heartbroken day after another. My 30's are starting out horrid and I'm too superstitious at the moment to try to say it couldn't possibly get any worse. I keep thinking I've hit rock bottom but apparently that's never the case.

So I just wanna go. I'm tired. I'm finished. Even though this is just another period in my life the big Bad Thing still happened and they expect me to live out the rest of my life naturally. Expect me to go on like this everyday. Somehow just keep on at it and live. Man, fuck that. I wanna *gooo.*

