I feel like I should apologize for existingYesterday my mom asked me if something was wrong, and I didn't want to tell her because that would make her feel bad... She insisted and insisted, until I eventually told her.

I told her how I always feel alone, how I can barely communicate or connect with people, how I feel like a parasite, how I hate to be treated like a special needs person in college, how almost no one texts me/tries to know me, and how I can barely text back to those few who do, how I still feel the scars of bullying and all of those conflicts/mistakes, etc.

She asked me if I wanted to go to a new psychologist (I think her sessions are $70 each). In my country that's quite a lot of money, and I don't want her to spend more for me (my family has spent almost $2.000 on treatments, and I don't want them to spend more in a piece of trash like me).

She also asked me if I wanted to go to another career, because she didn't want me to feel bitter until I graduate. I told her that I wouldn't, since I already flunked out from one career, and doing so for another would be overkill.

In the end, she ended up feeling bad, because almost nothing has helped me... Therapies didn't work, medicine didn't work, and I feel almost as bad as I felt years ago, perhaps even worse.

Like someone said here in a comment, I can't love myself because almost no one has ever shown me love or support, and I can't run off with an empty tank. 

I make people drift away, I've isolated myself so much that I can't even engage in a conversation with most of the people I know, I've made my mother feel sad and uncomfortable for not being able to do anything.

In college I'm pretty much alone, yeah, sure, I have classmates, but most of them they're not really friends. I still have some friends, but a part of me thinks that it's just a matter of time before I lose them as well.

I'm the problem, not everyone else. I've had conflicts with like 30 people (like 10 of them were not my fault, or I just had partial blame), and like 300 people I tried to befriend in different time periods, but I failed doing so.

The love I get from my family, I care about that... But it's not enough in the long run.

I'm rotting myself from the inside, hell, I could end up shortening my lifespan because of loneliness, I could even get cancer or something like that in the future because of dealing with years of stress...

So, I'll say this, I'm sorry for existing.