contemplating more and more everyday.. know i need help but don’t have anyone to talk to.senior year has just started, i spent the summer completely alone because my friends that i’ve had my whole life have grown up to be bullies and druggies/alcoholics. i perceive myself as someone who is better than that so i pushes them away, but this summer was too hard so i made amends.. some days are better than others but sometimes they can all be SUCH dicks.. &amp; i know you’re thinking “just make new friends” but really i don’t know how and it’s senior year i’m not going to be seeing anymore of these people soon anyway.. not wanting the friends i have really fucks me up upstairs.

i’ve grown up a larger kid, but since i started drinking with my friends almost a year ago now i’ve been gaining weight much more rapidly. i can only get into the mindset every once in a while but i loose motivation quickly. i’m 260 now and over the summer i’ve “grown” stretch marks. i feel absolutely disgusting and even than doesn’t want me to lose it. i try as much as i can to be healthy but i always forget and as i’m chowin’ down i remember and say fuck it. 

not looking healthy as i should i believe has always kept me from a girlfriend. i’ve had a few flings i guess, but after the girl decides it’s over (every time) i realize she was just using me for a tool wether it’s money or someone to get affection from. i strongly feel that everyone around me or knows me feels like they can use me as a tool but i would prefer to help someone get something they need rather than stand up for myself. i’ve been told i’m a very nice person, almost too nice. and i see it, but like i said, i would rather make someone else’s day even if it fucks me over in the end. that’s why i also think my 4 flings haven’t ended up in a relationship or anything past 2nd base. i think loneliness fucks me up too. 

the final thing i will list is my home/family situation. parents divorced at 4. it was agreed that each parent would get 50/50. we switched houses every two days. i think that having two homes alone can fuck you up, but switching every two days? fuck that. i have a sister who’s two years younger, and we did it together. we always liked our mom more, she was love-able and provided a much more fun &amp; laid back living situation, but she was stern when she needed to be. my dad was more strict, but fun in the early years. my dad has anger issues and is an alcoholic and likes to yell, especially when he’s upset. but we grew up with it. my dad got remarried in 2013 and i disliked her, but was afraid to tell him as that is mean to say/backlash from that statement. but now all she does is order us around, tries to control everything including my mom, and is generally bitchy (even my dad thinks so). it’s gotten to the point where i don’t talk to her and my dad is too much of an asshole to me and my sister that i can stand. so over the summer i stayed with just my mom (my dad didn’t care because my mom is closer in town) and my mom couldn’t pay for it. she filed a thing to take a look at the child support payment which has been the same since the divorce. this friday it was my dads weekend but i didn’t want to go out there because i’m tired of it, so i ignored them until about noon when my dad called my mom and told her to tell me to talk to them, i didn’t. eventually my stepmom blew up at my mom which wasn’t right she has nothing to do with this situation. i finally told my mom that i want to live with her full time. after that my dad showed up and we had a long conversation about it all &amp; i felt like shit because we were all fighting and we shouldn’t have to in the first place, and i wouldn’t want my son to do what i did to him. he was mad about my mom wanting money and seems like that was the only reason he wanted me to stay out there with him. he didn’t confirm that i could stay with her but he didn’t say no. long story long i really hate myself about the whole situation and it’s sad. 

among other things i bottle my emotions up and can’t handle my stress. i’m over apologetic. i’ve had a literal headache since 2015. im only mediocre at things in life, and feel i’m getting more dumb everyday. i get made fun of by almost everyone and most days i feel like no one actually cares. i have reached out to others about this but they literally don’t care. i don’t wanna live past graduation. don’t know what i would do. i’ve been thinking of a way i want to do it and just haven’t decided. i don’t know what to do and i had no one to talk to. 

sorry this is all over the place i was trying to think of everything and this definitely isn’t everything.. just the most important to me.