I am a failure, I just want to die.Sorry for the long post and for my bad grammar.

I'm 22 year old, still living with my Mom. I am just in my room everyday refusing to go out because I'm scared of people. I only finished highschool because I dropped out of college. Basically I am just a NEET. I am a NEET for 4 years already. 

Here's why I turned like this-

I'm just an accident. My mom got pregnant early and my dad didn't give his responsibility for it. My mom was just new to her job. Our family is poor so she had to work as a single parent. She couldn't watch over me when I was a baby so she made my Aunt from the province watch over me. 

My Aunt has a cute daughter and she's roughly 2 years younger than me. My Aunt was strict. She always tells me that I am a stupid child while her daughter always gets praised. I know that she was way smarter than me and all but I still felt hurt and jealous of my cousin. But I was a positive kiddo so I still appreciated them. I love my Aunt and her daughter. We were like real sisters.


On my third grade elementary, my Mom started to pick me up from province and said we could live together because my another  Aunt who's living in Japan said we could live in her local house with her Japanese daughter who wants to study in my country. We also had to live with my Uncle because he would serve as my Japanese cousin's guardian.

Life was... shitty. I get bullied on my school, and my Uncle beats me up. He punches my arms, hits my head etc. He always tells me I'm useless and I should die. I always get scared everyday. When he's in bad mood he always take it on me. 

My mom is always out working. She goes home very late everyday except of weekends. I told her I'm getting beaten up by his brother but she always tells me to just ignore him and it will be fine. It wasn't fine. I felt like I didn't have a place where I belong and I lived like that for years...

When my Japanese cousin graduated highschool and moved back to Japan, my Uncle started to look for a job.
He's a seaman so he leaves for months and comes back sometimes. I felt a bit of freedom. I started to try to blend in with my schoolmates and got some...mainstream friends. I wanted to be friends with people who likes anime and games but I don't want to get called autistic and get bullied again.

I found my first love in my 3rd year highschool. But he told me to just die because I am annoying him. I started to change as a person. My world fell and I started to get more scared of people. My mom wasn't really bad to me but she never cared about my problems and her reason is that she is busy at work. 

I begged my mom that we should move. I cannot live on my Aunt's house anymore. I don't want to get beaten up by my Uncle anymore. I kept begging her almost everyday 'til she agreed. Took her long to move me away though, I got beaten up by my Uncle for around 9 years straight. 

After I moved and graduated highschool, I never showed up to my Uncle at all. My life is completely fine right now. I'm even living with my Mom and my boyfriend. I met my boyfriend online in some anime forum site. My boyfriend moved here with me away from his country. He left his family for me. He's a very nice guy. He loves me very much. I should be happy. But why do I feel so empty? Like it's too late to feel happy? I sometimes think "What's the point?

My mom took me to a Psychiatrist and my Psychiatrist confirmed I have Bipolar II. But we are poor so we only went to my Psychiatrist twice. My mom told me "You already went to doc so you're healed now." I cannot even- maybe my Mom is just closeminded or I'm an ungrateful child. I just want to die. I feel like a failure. I'd feel bad for leaving my boyfriend but I just can't handle any problems anymore. 

I somehow feel like my Mom doesn't really love me but she's my only family. I feel so hurt. She keeps saying that I have no reason to get depressed and everything is okay.  She said she didn't save me from my Uncle's punches etc because "karma" will get him someday... I just wanted my Mom to protect me so I feel loved. 

My boyfriend understands my problem but even he comforts me, I still somehow feel the pain for all those years. I feel like I am still carrying heavy weight of problems like it's still fresh. I just cannot move on. I don't know what to do with my life. I don't want to live anymore. I always wish I never wake up after sleeping. I want to disappear in this world.

Sorry for the person who reads this post. I know my life is stupid. I know I'm worthless and I'm just complaining while other people had it way worse than me. I am just wasting time your time I am sorry....