Life is boring.Posting this from a throwaway I made just now.

I'm not suicidal right now, but I feel like I'm heading down that path. I'm intelligent (four sets of top grades in my exams), I'm fit (since I started going to the gym several months ago), and I'm emotionally and mentally strong as far as I can tell.

But life is boring. I'm not a virgin and I've been in a few relationships, but they never work out and I feel lonely again, and I don't want to try more because the feeling of a girl leaving twists me up inside.

So after the last time that happened, I decided to get fitter and go alone for a while, so I started going to the gym. It was fun, but now I've lost motivation and my exams are just a few weeks away.

Then what? I will probably do well in them, and I'll go to University. Then I'll find a job and live a boring life until I die. Where is the interest? Where is the adventure I wanted since I was a kid, of going to new places and changing the world?

That won't happen. Every day it gets a little bit harder. If I had someone to be with, I would find it easier. But most of the people I've met are assholes. Not in the jock sense, but in that they're just mindlessly selfish without realizing it. I've come to the conclusion that I just don't fit in with the kind of people I try to associate with, and I realize that I don't like them anyway.

I know this post is a mess. My days are just gym, studying, going home, repeat. I want to be in love again, I want to go out with people I like to do things. I have one friend who I think is a genuine friend, but he's got his own life to lead and I hate to intrude on other peoples' shit. I've always been a strong believer in the idea that everyone is for themselves, and we have to use our inner strengths to propel us through life. 

But my battery's almost run out and I don't want to continue anymore. I find no passion or joy for anything, just mindless hours of maths and Netflix and flash games. Why should I bother continuing? Life is boring. It's not worth it.