Suicidal thoughts now ease my mindits crazy, Suicide makes me feel relaxed, that I dont have to worry about all the bullshit i worry about now. I got this job paying me great, but i dont htink its for me. Im so anxious and depressed, and my self esteem is at rock bottom and this job makes me communicate 24/7 and I had to do an impromptu presentation today and pretty much shit my pants in front of 20 execs/directors and am so embarrassed to show my face at work. Im an extreme introvert working the most extroverted job. Ive had failed relationship after failed relationship, i never fit in with people anywhere i go, im terrified to talk to girls now due to my last toxic relationship, i just feel like the scum of the earth. I live at home because i cant sack up the courage to go on my own, ive been verbally and physically abused and manipulated by my parents all my life and im all fucked up in the head. I feel bad for every dollar I spend because of them, and I feel bad for every second I spend away from them because "I owe them for all the money they've spent on me." I have no confidence anymore and dont feel worthy of anything, especially this high profile job that i somehow faked my way into getting. I honestly just want to die and not worry about all this. It would be AMAZING. All these expectations, all this bs and phoniness that comes along with me trying to fit in all the time. I have no energy to do anything. I tried talking to a counselor and honestly sometimes she kind of laughs at the things I tell her, it didn't piss me off but like I knew she wasn;t going to be of much help at all after that. Shit sucks man ive been depressed for about a decade now. I dont even know what it feels like to be happy. If anything good happens to me Im already thinking about the next bad thing that could happen. I had a dream where I actually felt happiness and was ith all my family and friends and it was such a distinct feeling I never wanted to wake up. I've never felt that was since I was a kid. This life is so fucking miserable and I sound like al little bitch and act like one too. I can't even take the effort to care about what Im writing right now, my grammar and spelling is all over the place and my vocabulary that Im using is worse than trumps. If I had a gun i honestly wouldve shot myself by now but Im too lazy to go and get one. I know my problems don't seem like much but this is just the very tip of the iceberg, there's a lot that's happened way along these 25 years that I've lived to get me to this point.