I feel ashamed of my suicidal desire.My depression first began five years ago. It lasted for around two years, and during that period I made several attempts at suicide. Some failed, others I botched. I thought I was back to normal, my depression ended.

I found out that it hadn't. My life seems like a cycle: a period of happiness followed by depression for several months and repeat. Now it's back again, but I haven't felt this horrible since the worst parts of my first depression. The thought of suicide comes to my mind several times an hour. Stabbing myself, shooting myself in the head, hanging myself, running into traffic in the hopes that someone would hit me with their car, jumping off a building.

I read a lot about how to deal with depression and especially with suicidal desires. And a lot of them say that I have to talk to people, to share. But I feel ashamed, I feel embarrassed every time I want to share. Because my depression is usually caused by love. And as one of the people I shared to said, "It's kinda foolish to kill yourself for love." I feel like my suicidal thoughts aren't even worth sharing. I'm afraid of people scoffing at me or even worse, judging me and saying that I'm weak or a coward (as they have) because I had allowed something as trivial as love to lead me to suicidal desires.

People tell me to be more open but when I am I feel like I'm being judged, I feel like other people have it worse. Others feel suicidal because of losing a job, the death of a loved one. Instead I feel it because of love. But this fear just makes me want to kill myself more. I don't know how much more I can take it. I have no desire to wake up or to do anything productive anymore. I feel tired. I want to end it all, just don't have to feel any of this anymore. Every time I feel better, it's just a short period followed by more depression. It's just a false hope, an illusion. Every night I say "please someone kill me" just so I don't have to go through killing myself.

I don't know what to do.

I'll just sleep for now, maybe I'll get the courage to kill myself tomorrow.