it's been a while...i've had suicidal ideation since I was 8.  periodically, i find myself looking back and regretting not following through.  now is one of those times, at 36.

my life is good.  i have a good job, in a career that i am bored of, quite frankly, but will always be profitable (programmer).  and i earn good money: i'm at 120k, up from 40k when i started, 10 years ago.

i'm also single and getting in good shape.  down from 400lb to 230lb, and look more built than pudgy, tho i'm honestly still pudgy.  i couldn't see inflicting the let-down on anyone else.  

my apartment is suitable and close to the beach.  i live in los angeles.  objectively, i'm at a good jump point for where ever i want to go and whatever i want to do.  i haven't been able to pursue relationships because of body image and high standards.  i won't be with someone i'm not physically attracted to, and 80% of those that i meet have obvious compatibility issues.

i'm unfortunately red pill indoctrinated, which is a mixed blessing if you can get past the misogyny inherently at risk in the demographic.

i simply don't know how to enjoy any of this.  i'm too angry.  everything has been a fight.  i've had to fight to lose weight.  i've had to fight to build my career.  

i'm just tired and i don't want to work at this any more.  the show hasn't been even mildly good to begin with.  why allow this world to drag me through the rest of it?

my mind is often infantile in it's hostility and feels so disconnected from who i actually consider myself to be.  i hear voices i can't control and can only ignore with great effort.  they run the gamut, and cover all areas of human interaction, feed my hopes or fears, but are not me and not about me.  there are times when i get such anxiety i feel like i'm having a heart attack and all i can think is "i hope this one takes me out."

when i try to pursue my dreams, i find i cannot concentrate nor follow through.  it's always "too hard".  i use to consider myself intelligent.  now i feel like my intelligence is little more than a mist that i only periodically feel as i'm walking through it.  disconnected.  difficult to direct.  i suppose this has gotten better since the sleep apnea has been reduced.

i don't want relationships, i don't think.  i don't want to love and have it ripped from me.  i don't have faith that it'll ever be less than a nightmare of fights, or worse a betrayal of love.  i don't have faith that i won't end up yelling and face my own recriminations later.  i don't have any reason for faith.  ever relationship i've ever seen looks like a nightmare to me.  i don't see why anyone tries.

i don't want to get better.
i just want this over.

it's just been a nightmare of social and personal inadequacy and i'm exhausted from trying to improve.