I returned my supplies for suicide today.I've had a pretty hard life, and it's only gotten worse within the last few years. I've always struggled with depression, and contemplated suicide, and even took some pills as a teenager, but never gave it any sort of serious attempt. 

A few months ago my normal dark place got even darker. Everything in my life seemed (and still seems) like shit. I'd been thinking about suicide every single day, and I had been researching the methods. I finally decided what I was going to do and I went out and bought some helium tanks, some plastic tubing, and an oven roasting bag. I bought all the things needed to deliver my death. I would be unconscious within 30 seconds and dead in 20 minutes. Now I never wanted to feel like this was a decision I made in haste, so I left the supplies in the back of my car. I wanted to know the option was still right there, but I didn't want it close enough to taunt me on a late night where I knew all I had to do was slip a bag over my head and be done with it all. 

There were a lot of times I thought about going out and getting it over with. I thought about renting a nice hotel room so the last things I'd hear would be the crashing of waves on the pacific shore. Other times I thought about just driving to a remote parking lot and doing it in the car. I'd be far enough away to be undisturbed, but close enough to be discovered in a somewhat timely matter. 

Today, in a disturbingly calm manner, I finally decided to bring the supplies in and get everything assembled, so that when the time came I wouldn't have to fuss with much. So, I went out to my car, and started carrying in the items. On my dining room table sat my DIY suicide kit. Pictures of balloons and words about children's birthday parties adorned the side of the boxes. Most people who bought these were looking forward to celebrating another year of life, and I bought them with the intent to do just the opposite. 

For some reason, as I pulled the tubing from the Home Depot bag, I couldn't help but think this was just not right. Something about being so calm and collected while doing this just made me pause. I looked at my receipt. It was beyond the 30 days allowed for in the policy, but I wondered if I could get my money back. It was this one thought that made me decide that what I was planning to do wasn't right for me, at least for now. The fact that I thought about getting my money back. Something like that doesn't matter in death, so why was I concerned about it?

Right then, I said to myself, "I need to find it in myself to give this one more shot." I called the store I purchased my helium from and told them I had a couple of sealed boxes which I ended up not needing, and asked if they would make an exception and allow me to return them beyond their date. They said, "No problem." I was allowed to change my mind. Now I can't say how long this will last. Something terrible may happen to me tonight and tomorrow I may be buying those tanks again, but I know that I at least have given myself another day.

I just wanted to post this as maybe it would make someone else think, "I'm going to give it one more shot."