I’m at a Cross Roads, and I don’t know what to do with my life anymoreI miss the old me, but she’ll never be back. She’s been dead for years, and I’ll never get to see her again. Now it’s up to me to reconsider my life choices, and I don’t think that I can actually confront them without breaking down. There’s a side to me that wants to fight, but there’s another side of me that knows that it would be a waste of time. My entire existence has shifted between being used and abused. I’ve just become so tired because no one wants to see things from my point of view and at least see that there is something wrong because they’ve never had to deal with the problems that I struggle with. No one listens or takes me too seriously because the things that I worry about aren’t worth their time. 

It kills me how much I’ve fallen into this pit of despair and how I can’t get out of it anymore. I keep telling myself that I’ll find my way, but there’s something that always happens that tears me down; wether that be a social/romantic issue or something I can’t stop thinking about. I just want to be happy and live my life, but it’s like no one wants me here. If that is the case then what’s the point of trying anymore. I’ll only cause myself more heartache being here. I don’t want to live the way my parents or the rest of my family live. That’s why I’ve invested so much time/money in college and ROTC. I know that I would develop into the person that I want to be if I take this route, and I’ll finally see some change in myself. 

Life has hit pretty hard now and I can’t even think of one thing that’s positive about me because others are able to do the same things that I think I’m good at if not better than what I am able to do. It’s just hard to feel like myself when my wings have been clipped and doors have been shut in my face. No matter how much I apply, how hard I try, or how bad I want something it’s never going to happen, not for me.

I want to be here, but it’s getting pretty hard to find a reason why or the right help to get it.