HiI'm not really sure where to start. I guess my disdain for life started when I realised making/performing music was what I wanted to do with my life. From the age of 11 until 16 I spent every single lunch break at school in the drum room teaching myself how to play. The feeling I get when i'm knocking out a snappy beat is something no drug can equate to. I did this because my entire family branded me a fool for wanting to make music. ''You will get nowhere in life making music. Why don't you do something worthwhile like be an engineer or a salesman''. Thats not exact, but it is damn close to what I was told nearly every day or whenever I was caught enjoying some music.  I was not allowed a drum kit (understandable due to size and noise) and I was not allowed a guitar, any instrument etc. I wasn't even allowed vocal training. I asked every xmas and birthday for music lessons, which were of course denied. My parents even cut out the music channels from our cable because it was the only thing I watched. I always knew that I could make money from music, as being a performer was never my intentions. I'd rather be a session musician, or producer. Both of these can be paid well. But who gives a fuck how much money anybody makes, life is about happiness right? Not according to most people. Life is about how much you earn and how big your house is etc.. the exact mindset of my family. 
Throughout my childhood I always thought 'when I leave school I cannot wait to go to college/uni, just so I can study what I want to do in my life while not being surrounded by people who want to stop me doing exactly that. When high school ended I went to pick up my exam results. I knew I hadn't done well (except in music of course =P) I was one grade from being able to get out of there. I needed 4 C grades and I only got 3. Ofcourse I was disappointed. I went to the school 6th form enrollment lady and she filled me in with everything i needed to know. I needed to re-sit my math exam, paid for by me (or my parents, as I was 16 without a job) it would have cost £28.
I told my parents this, but they werent having any of it. They said if I was living under their roof then I must abide by their rules. I was instructed to forget about further education and told to get a full time job. I went and got a job washing dishes in a local restaurant. After 6 months of that shit I handed my notice in with the intentions of killing myself that evening. Thanks to an awesome head chef, I decided not to, and he offered me the chance to train underhis wing as a chef. 'cool' I though, better than washing dishes. So I went with that for the following 2 years until I realised that I was just putting off the inevitable. I quit that job and took 2 packets of paracetomol in some woods local to me while listening to make yourself by incubus (awesome album) I still remember that day so vividly and I wish that it had gone my way. Anywhoo, I lost consciousness but was found by a dog walker who got me to hospital. The opinions of me by my family couldnt have been worse. I was labelled a 'fucking hippy' (i dont have long hair, dont look or act anything like a 'hippy') and the months that followed were pure hell. 
I wanted to get a job and save money so I could move to a country where money is not such a great deal. I would happily work a shitty job anywhere so long as I could make music.
I got a job in electronics solderingcomponents to circuit boards. I was the most boring, robot like job I have ever had, and it was minimum wage. My first paypacket came in, but was shocked to learn that I apparently owed my parents a load of money for bringing me up. That really upset me but I just went with it because I didnt have any options. I worked that job for over a year, giving my mum 90% of what I earned. The 10% I was allowed to keep was saved and spent on going to see bands at the weekend with the few friends I had.

Fast forward 4 years. Exactly the same situation. 
I managed to save some money to move out into a crappy bedsit. I got a different job in electronics assembling PCBS but still at minimum wage. I saved and saved and finally bought a macbook with ableton live. Everything was awesome at last. I had my freedom and I was doing what I loved - making music. It wasn't drumming (which i believe is my 'passion') which I really wanted to do, but it was still making music/producing. I was learning a lot on production from theinternet and an amazing fellow from new zealand called tom cosm (anybody wanting to learn to use ableton should look his website up, he is truly awesome) I really was on top of the world, and I felt nothing could fuck this up. I got a credit card as I was earning enough to pay back monthly installments, but quickly (and foolishly) maxed it. I really enjoy seeing bands/socialising/meetingnew people etc just generally having fun, and having that mindset was dangerous when I had a credit card. Basically I am shit with money. Always have been and always will. 
But then the company I worked for shut down, and I lost my job. I frantically searched for work but could only find part time positions. I made the decision to move back home after I moved into a homeless shelter and got the shit kicked out of me for having posessions (clothes and my mac) I had my suitcase with all my clothes and worldly items (except my mac, which stayed in my backpack by my side 24/7) in stolen. I was left with nothing except my computer, my backpack, the clothes I was wearing and my wallet.
I moved back into my old room. I was in a pretty dark place. A few days later I went out for a walk into the woods I tried to kill myself in. I have always enjoyed nature. I feel as if humankind are nature itself, just very advanced. So I returned home and switched on my mac - nothing happening. I picked it up and noticed water dripping from the bottom. I have always been super protective of my mac as I worked my ass off for it, plus it was really my only way of expressing myself, so I would NEVER have let water within a meter of it, let alone spill it on it. So I went to my mum with it and asked if she knew anything about it. Her response was that I was never going to do anything with my life so long as I had that laptop with intentions of making music. Basically she turned it on and tipped a glass of water over the keyboard. I was so upset, but what could I do. If I left I would have been homeless again.
Now I am in a position where

I have always contemplated suicide from a very young age. Physical life in the western world just seems so hopeless for those who do not worship materialistic objects and wealth. We are completely 'brainwashed' to follow the stereotypical life (go to school, get a job, get a mortgage, get married, have kids, retire, die) but this to me just seems completely retarded. This is not the way it has to be. 
Even from a young age (9/10 ish) I have always though 'then what' sort of thing... like the life I was being told to live wasn't how it was supposed to be. That thought has grown daily for the past 15+ years and now I'm at the point where this shit has to stop. I cant go on living like this.
I am 24 years old, I live with my parents, I have debts that I'll never be able to clear because I'm locked into this shitty loop.

I meditate daily and in the past year have been practicing astral projection. The things I have learned and realized in that time have really changed my view on life. The evil in this world is insane, and people just dont give a shit so long as they can enjoy their mcdonalds in peace. Thats not the way it was meant to be, but because of money and greed we have basically become slaves to a system of debt.
We exist in a specific frequency, or plane of existence, or 'dimension'. There is a global conspiracy to stop you from believing so. 'they' want you to believe that nobody knows the truth.. that is complete BS. Ancient civilisations millenia ago knew the truth of all things vibratory. But here is my dilemma - If I kill myself will I go to a better place, or a worse place? Only one way to find out.

I plan on gashing my wrists this evening. I'm sorry I put you through that horribly awkward wall of text. I guess 'I don't know why I am saying all of this' comes to mind, but I kind of do know. I want people to not be like me - fucking stand up for yourselves, even if it is your own parents telling you what you want to do is wrong. 

Do what you love, people. Don't ever let anybody stop you from expressing yourself in whatever direction that may be (unless it is something dark, like murder or some shit. You know what I mean)

Be yourselves, and ffs WAKE THE FUCK UP.

I apologise for the cursing. I also apologise if what I have said inflicts on your view of the world. It is the truth.

Over and out.