I am stupid, useless, and evil and I want to die.Firstly, I would like to say that I was not abused as a child in any way, and have had as loving a family as anyone could ask for.  I am in my 20's and am male.

I don't know what is wrong with me.  One of my first childhood memories was of stealing a toy from someone's locker in preschool.  As a kid, I shoplifted and was never caught.  I have since stopped, but likely only out of fear of getting caught in this camera-obsessed world.

I am insecure, vengeful, and filled with hate.  I do not usually let these feelings show, but they have affected the way I interact with people, particularly with friends.  I do not make friends easily, but lose them quickly when they spend enough time to realize what I am hiding from them.

I have a girlfriend who has been perfect to me yet whom I do not trust due to her past sexual relationships.  I feel like I am hiding my real personality from her.  I feel that she deserves better than me.  And she really does.

I am stupid.  I have a college degree but it means nothing except that I am able to take exams without understanding actual concepts.  I don't feel like I am able to learn anything.

I am useless.  Looking for a job has been fruitless.  Because I am stupid, nobody will hire me because I am terrible at what I do.  But all this might be ok if I could be happy with who I am.  However:

I am evil.  I have had a history of animal abuse since I was a kid.  I have done many things which I regret now, but was compelled to do as a kid.  I have beaten a neighbor's dog, abused and possibly murdered kittens found in a box left at the park, shot squirrels/birds with BB guns, and electrocuted a lizard I found outside.  I don't know why I have urges to do these things.  And I hate myself for it.  I am sure after reading this paragraph, you now hate me as well, which I certainly deserve.  Yet, recently I have done much worse.

My girlfriend and I obtained a small pet together, which I have now murdered.  Attempting to train it not to bite in exactly the wrong way (physical punishment), I punished it and punished it until it led to its death.  I watched with a cold heart full of rage as the life drained from its tiny eyes.  This I will never forget.  I lied to my girlfriend about the circumstances of its death.

I want to die.  As a teenager, I had always thought about suicide, but never got further than holding a knife tip against my heart.  Distractions in life and thoughts that I could change into a good person brought those thoughts further from me as I got older.  Now, it is clear to me that I am inherently evil and don't deserve life.  Surely you agree?

I have always wondered about the villains in stories and how they got to that point in their lives.  They make bad decisions to get to where they end up, but how much of it is predetermined at their birth?  Do they consciously decide to be evil, or does circumstance lead them to that path?

I am not sure why I'm posting this.  I am not religious so maybe this is a way to confess my sins to a community I trust.  If this is somehow traced back to me and leads to action against me, then all the better.  I know I deserve it.  In the meantime, all I can think about is how I should do everyone a favor and rid myself from this world.