Why shouldn’t I end it?So I’m a 21 year old female from Australia. I was diagnosed with autism when I was 3, anxiety and depression when I was 8, and BPD when I was 19. I went through the over-dramatic “I’m so depressed” phase in high school where I was dramatic suicidal like those emo girls you see on instagram. Now I’m just done. I’m thinking about it rationally, there may be no reason why I should stay alive...I’m a registered nurse, graduated last year but instead of finding a job I applied to do a secondary education degree so I’m back as a first year undergrad. But I’m ugly, I hate waking up, I hate eating, I sleep around 4 hours a night and when I take sleeping pills they work but they work for days after and I’m exhausted so I don’t take them. 

I’m ugly, I have zero social skills (literally, I can’t talk to people, when people talk to me off guard I just mumble and mutter random noises and I can’t say anything of meaning and I’ve never been able to have a conversation that didn’t include a million misunderstandings. I live  with my parents and younger siblings, I can’t stand them, they seemingly can’t stand me. I have no future, I’ll never get married bc I have no social skills I have absolutely no friends, I don’t know anybody and I can’t commit to anything. All that “it get’s better” crap doesn’t apply to me because it’s only getting worse. I have the WORST luck with psychiatrists and psychologists, they cancel on me, they always go off topic, they simply tell me they can’t help me. I’ve been on a million psych meds, they didn’t make me worse, but they didn’t make me better either, it’s like I wasn’t even taking them. 

All I want is at least one good friend, marry a Christian man, have a few kids. But nobody will ever be attracted to me. Some people think I’m a boy even but I don’t want to change my appearance and I’m worried that if a man was ever attracted to me that he’d actually be gay and he could only stand me bc I look like a boy but really he’s just using me as his closet doors......the only reason I can think of to not do it is that MAYBE i’ll get the life I dream of one day, but “maybe” doesn’t seem worth it, because more than likely I’ll keep living my life like this and die and lonely old hag in my bed and be found a week later when the mail starts piling up outside. I don’t know how to help myself at this point. I’ve tried so hard. I’m done.