30 minutes is all it takesI think about killing myself every day. It's been this way for well over a year now. I struggle every day just to pay the bills, skipping one bill to pay the other, always digging myself deeper. I've got no family, no friends, and no job. I hustle doing any random jobs I can pick up here and there but that's about it. I can't afford to go to the doctor, let alone a dentist. I'm only in my mid 20's but life feels so grim. Unemployment in my area is 20%. I have extremely bad arthritis in my wrist that affects me every day. Recently the police chief in my city has been harassing me because I'm a medical marijuana patient. It's very cheap for me to grow a couple of plants in my yard and use that instead of pricey prescription pills, but the police have had it out for me. The police chief has been especially pissed off since I informed him that it was within my right to cultivate my own medicine but he insisted that it was illegal to cultivate in the city (he has gone as far as to tell our city council it was in fact illegal, despite there being no ordinance against it, he has since directed all his anger from this embarrassment at me) I don't feel like it's ever going to get better and constantly think about just sitting in my car with a hose connected to the exhaust. It would be a very painless and quick death. Rent is due soon and I've barely got enough money for food. I'm unable to gain employment, as anytime an employer runs a background check on me they discover the lawsuit from the people who adopted me. They sued me for $500,000 because when they adopted me they made me sign and indentured servitude contract for them. Growing up they made me work for free for their family business. Once I turned 15 I got my own job and started saving for college. The only problem was since I was still a minor I had to get one of my guardians so co sign on the account. When I turned 18 they emptied the account, kicked me out, and took a vacation to Hawaii. Fucking life sucks a big fat one