So I wrote a 6 pages long godbye letter and that not even everythingI have a hard time explaining what I think and mean and all that stuff. People always say "Oh its okay. We will understand you." But no they dont. And I dont only mean the bad shit. I literally cant explain a thing. Its just too hard. Its like a disorder but not diagnosed or something like that. At the same time I have so much to say I just cant deliver properly. I dont have a lot that keeps me from just ending it all. I just dont do it. But today was a bad day and I thought about it so much again. You have to know I am also bad at doing anything. It takes so much brain to write a text which I simply dont have. Okay I have the brain but like I am really bad at it. Could be ad(h)d but I never got tested and its really hard to get tested but yeh. So FINALLY. After a million years i took this task uplon me to write a goodbye letter. THE goodbye letter. This was the very one thing I wanted to get finished before I go. I dont want anyone to think they knew me when they in fact didnt even had the chance to, since I cant explain shit to myself. In there are a bunch of situations, people, theories, social media and secrets that I just wanted to share after I die. I even gave it a headline "The unfinished life of me" Nothing sick but yeah. I basically just talk to myself in that letter and tell the second me about everything. That makes it a lot more easier. So I think i finally got over one big hill and now I am exhausted. Its already 6 German Din A4 pages with little no no pragraph breaks or how you call these. I didnt even gave a damn about my grammar so a lot of it is just written in lower letters and with shorts like idk, lol, af and so on. The font size is on 11 and I am consistently writing in arial without italic or bolt. Holy f why is this so much?! How did I even do this. I did more than in the last 10 years in school yeay. I decided to take a break here and continue when I am breaking down again. We will see how long it will take and what I will say and or do when I am at the end.

3/10 cant recommend.

But I guess I will just continue to not kill myself.

And sorry I just had to tell this to someone without someone in my life knowing.