I don’t want to dieI don’t want to die

I don’t want to just survive, I want to live. It’s because I want to live that I must die. It’s more than that though, I don’t want to die the man I am. I want to live long enough to be someone else, someone better. Unfortunately I believe I have run out of time. We are all granted a few fleeting moments to leave our mark on the world. It’s not until the end of the moments is upon us that we are granted the wisdom to understand what must be done. I squandered my few fleeting moments with immaturity, pride, and anger. Now that I am standing on the edge I realize the road that lead me here was a wrong turn. This hindsight is useless to me as I cannot turn back and there is no reverse. I can only hope that these words will be imbued on someone more fortunate than myself. Someone that has not taken the wrong turn or has a chance to turn around. 


In life you will come to find out that every indiscretion that we allow makes the following that much easier to commit. It’s for that reason that good men must be diligent precise in their actions. 


Anger should be avoided at all costs. In the words of a great character “when one has been angry for a very long time, one gets used to it. And it becomes comfortable, like... old leather. And finally... becomes so familiar that one can’t ever remember feeling any other way” - Jean-Luc Picard. I spent so much of my life angry. When I was seven I was taken from my parents and forced to live with my cousin. Every night I would sit in the top bunk of the bed, look to the stars, and faithfully recite “Star light, Star bright, the first star I see tonight, I wish I may, I wish I might, have the wish I wish tonight” then I would proceed to wish for my parents and dog Shaggy to come back to me. At some point I realized the futility of my wishing. It was this moment I attribute to losing my innocence. From then on my life is plagued by memories of anger and rage. It’s a shame that such a terrible decision was made by a version of me I no longer am yet I am sentenced to live with the choices he made. Years of anger led me to forget true happiness. Years of struggling made me believe manipulation was the only way to survive. I now realize this is categorically false. 


As I draw near to the end I wish to think of all the things I want to do, see, experience, and have in life. I think of the material objects I wished to purchase. The projects I wanted to completed. The shows, music, and media I wanted to witness. But more than that I think of the countries I wanted to visit. The friends I wanted to make. The thrills I wanted to enjoy. But my heart is heaviest for the love I wanted to be in. The children I dreamed of having. The family I imagined cherishing. I will never get to experience these things now. Now I will only carry these hopes and dreams for a little while longer. They will weigh on my mind as I make my final choice and end my life. I have spent a thousand days daydreaming of my future family but tonight I buried them in my mind. Tonight I sent them free to become someone else’s dreams. Goodbye. 


This society has failed us as a people. We live in times when one small indiscretion will end your career and make you a pauper in an already shit situation. I do not want to be a wage slave for the rest of my life. I don’t want to give up my career. I don’t want to spend a lifetime repaying a debt that has no use to me. Society has for too long held us down with chains but once we broke free of the iron they replaced it with currency. They fill us with mediocrity and false hope so keep us going for a little longer. My position in life has always been tolerable but with this last mistake it will no longer be acceptable by any means. Death is my only option. 


To my friends, to my family, my coworkers, and my enemies: I am sorry that I failed you all. I am sorry that the mistakes I have made have brought you pain. Please remember that I do love you, all of you, even my enemies. We may have become enemies but at one point most of us were friends, some of us even family. I wish I had an alternative that would save you the grief and heartache you will surely be feeling right now. But I cannot tolerate 50 years of surviving. My only advise is to not think to much of the life I could have had. There’s no such thing as what could have been, it’s a waste of your time and it will drive you out of your mind. Instead rejoice that I have now found peace. Rejoice knowing that my wandering soul is traveling through the stars.