Just need some serious help. Soon.I'm giving up on treatment. Everyone says to have hope and that they can help but eventually each person runs out of options and I feel no different than when I started. I can tell each person really wants to help me but they just haven't.  And I'm sure that inability causes them to suffer. Why should my suffering be of higher importance than theirs? I am causing more suffering than I am getting relieved how is that fair. I'm going to slowly withdraw from the world. Clearly there is no help in the medical field. I've had two psychiatrists and 2 therapists. I've had 26 appointments with the current psychiatrist and have been through 30+ different meds I'd say more than 30 meds but don't wanna run the risk of sounding like I'm exaggerating. The feelings I have can't be defined or explained and therefore can't be helped. I haven't been able to put words to how I'm feeling to anyone, I just know The people around me don't feel like this and the people around me don't have to take 10 pills a day to still feel incredibly hopeless. I take Xanax or lorazepam and drink almost every night now and spend 80-100$ per week on weed/dabs. I know it is rare but I can't be helped I've seen the top doctors in my area and it is excruciatingly guilt-producing since I know how much my parents worry about me and how much they spend. We can afford it just fine but I just feel like the monetary equivalent of a special-needs kid.  I'm 20. I live at home and was commuting to a great college until I had to apply for a medical Leave of Absence. I did this freshman year for the same reasons. I wasn't suicidal that time. I have reached a breaking point. 

Let me know if I should expand on anything you read above. 

Also please just let me know if I am breaking any rules I kind of wrote this in a frenzy out of desperation.  I did try to post this on a throwaway and similar to  the last 4-5 serious posts on that account, I got no response. Maybe this is too long for people to read? 

Any input helps. Should there be a next move? I Mostly stay in bed or the bath, but I'm still open to try a couple more things before I call it quits. 