Tired of strugglingI feel like I need to get this out. When I was in my 20s I tried to kill myself a couple of times, obviously I was unsuccessful. I always figured that the universe kept me alive so I could achieve some sort of greater purpose, and have some sort of success that my parents never had. The vast majority of the issues in my life are caused by money, or the lack thereof. I’ve been in debt literally my entire adult life. I just turned 40 and I’ve been bankrupt twice and still somehow manage to come out with $100,000 in debt. I don’t know how I’ve managed to profoundly fuck up my life so profusely. I’ve been in the same career for almost 20 years, one that I see people at this point become successful millionaires at and yet I can’t even afford to buy a car. I opened up my own business a couple of years ago and it was a complete failure so now I’m back at square one... in debt to the tune of $100,000. I always believed in the power of the universe, and the law of attraction but I realize now that it’s all bullshit. I’ve been trying to manifest a better life for myself for over a decade and it’s just not happening no matter what I do. I had a car accident 10 years ago and almost died. I was almost crushed and had the car collapsed a couple of millimetres more I would’ve died for sure. I figured after that that I was definitely  due for some sort of something to make my life better because there had to be a reason that I lived through all this pain but as it turns out… no. Life is just a bunch of random bullshit events and it has absolutely no meaning whatsoever. I’ve now given up and I’m putting it 100% into the hands of the universe (yes, the universe that I’ve stopped believing in). If I don’t figure out a way to pay off my debt by August 1 I’m going to swallow enough crushed Adderall to kill an elephant. I’m so fucking done being a failure. The good thing is I don’t have any dependents and I only see my family a handful of times per year and I know that people will be fine without me. Life goes on. 
FML