[Definitely Way Too Long of a Post] I'm a liar. I'm a fake. I'm essentially a dead man waiting to pull the plug. But most of all, I'm afraid.I want to end it all, but at the same time, I'm too scared to. To scared to lose my parents who, while they're a part of the problem, also love me. To scared to lose my very few friends. To scared to be in the afterlife. To scared to know what happens as a result.

My grades are near 0% in half the classes I take, and I every time I try to do an assignment, I procrastinate it until I'm forced to either not hand it in, or fake being sick and do it that day so I can hand it in the next day. Hell, because of this, I have a single *day* to do a whole *two month's* worth of assignments for *4 classes*. I had dreams about going to a good university, which I settled on being in Germany because I'm fascinated with the country, but, I don't know about you guys, but from how long this post is probably going to be, it's probably just that: a dream.

My body probably abhors me, because God knows I don't do shit to help it. No exercise, rarely eat, and what I do eat is equivalent to 2 granola bars and a small glass of milk. I'm a literal loner who sits inside doing nothing on their computer aside from browse meme subs and watch like 5 videos, and maybe the occasional game or 2.

My personality's a shit-fest. I know  I fake being myself the majority of the time, and have no clue on how I have friends at all. And those I do have probably hate me. People around me always praise me for my intelligence because I used to know the most random things, which I got from videos/gaming, or answered the most questions in class. I know that's not true. I'm an idiot. I don't know jack, and what I *do* know is exactly the same as everyone else. I lie to myself about myself, and because of it I often just feel helpless, and sit in bed until 3, empty of everything inside.

Nobody can help me. Those who *could*, were too late. Because of me. For 4 years I've hidden the truth. For 4 years I've sat here, *somehow* barely passing school (probably from teachers feeling pity), *somehow* still devoid of life, *somehow still surviving.* 

The only way people found out about my depressive thoughts is by me breaking down, crying after my parents got an email from a strict teacher about my assignments. I was yelled at, mentally beat by my dad, who, while having good intentions, often makes things worse. That day was the first time in a year I had cried. And cry I did. For ten minutes I sat in my chair, hitting my head with my fist, slamming it into my desk, wishing to end it.

My mom came in and saw me crying my eyes out on the ground beside my bed. She's very overprotective, comes from her mother, who's *very* paranoid. I can't blame her, or even my dad. I'm an only child, as well as a very late child; my mom was 47 when she had me, and dad 50. The doctor who they went to to conceive me called me a *golden child*.

Biggest lie of their lives. How can I be a *golden child?* I'm not smart. I'm not athletic. I'm not even *close* to someone who even has an ounce of skill.

I'm someone who sits at their computer trying to drown out the truth of their life.

Back to what I was going to say. My mom found me down there, and immediately rushed to try and help me with whatever had me distressed. That was the day I first gave them a hint about how big it is. And for a little bit, things changed. They tried to actually take care of me, help me. But they went back after that.

My friends found out the next day it happened, after a fairly long paragraph in a group chat detailing how I was depressed, and that I broke down the day before. One couldn't believe it, the other, a joker, made a joke (I'm not upset over it. It made me feel better). After realizing I'm serious, they both tried to talk and help me a bit, and for that I'm grateful. But again, essentially noting changed.

My doctor was absolutely no help. He was the first to know. He essentially said "It's due to your age; it happens to everyone around it." and "Talk to your parents, they'll help".  That I did, but hid how bad it was, downplaying it so that they're not afraid. So that they don't make it worse. So that they are in distress. So, again, nothing changed. I believed he could've helped, but nope. If anything, *he made it worse by not listening.*

How can someone who's only recently found out about my problems able to help me? They can't. Again, nobody can. I'm in the loop, and I'm stuck there. The only one who can is me. And I procrastinate it in favour of pretending I'm in a virtual world. Like I'm someone else. A better person.

Trust me, I've made plans to try and help myself. But I've always said "I'll do it tomorrow, right now I'm too busy." Or I'm too stressed. Or I'm more focused on something inconsequential. Hell, I've recently got a phone, and the main reason why was so I could go out and do things. That was about 3 weeks ago. I've been to a single friend's home ever since for a small party.

So, uh, I don't really know how to end my essay. I'm airing this all out as essentially a way to just pile my feelings into one place, to just have it *somewhere.* I guess also for someone to see. For someone to try and help me get better.

For someone to help me stop being afraid of the truth.