My noteI am in a bad emotional state right now. I just wrote this, but after writing it, I started to hesitate. I guess I just want to be heard. Writing the note probably delayed my attempt. Here is is

My heart is just too soft for this evil world. I was never meant to be here. I simply cannot bear it one more day to hear of the suffering in the world... my fellow companions on earth being tortured, abused, raped, murdered. It breaks my heart so much whenever I hear of something sad, I uncontrollably sob for quite a while. How could someone so sensitive be made for this world? My heart simply cannot bear it. It is time for me to move on to the next life. 

PLEASE do not let my death be in vain. This is all I want. Love each other. Hold and support each other. Don't pass judgement so easily. Refrain from hurting others needlessly for your convenience. LOVE OPENLY. Just writing this down makes my heart ache with unbearable sadness, the fact that these horrors actually exist. Please, fill your life with love, happiness, and compassion. If that was common in this world, I'd still be here. Do not let another one go like me. Give that person all the compassion and love in the world. 

It's nobody's fault. I am just not made for this place. Don't cry over me. Focus that energy in loving and supporting someone who is alive and needs it. If you really do miss me, then just do anything you can to make the world a better place.

Don't be sad for me. I am at this moment while you're reading this reuniting with my soulmate, my everything, my whole world. Just the thought of seeing him overwhelms me with a feeling that is impossible to comprehend. I am still hurting from him leaving. We are being buried in the same grave. I am at eternal peace and rest with the person I loved in life. Here lies two people who loved each other so very much in life. 

I am so sorry. I love you all so much. Thank you for giving me such a happy life. And when your time comes, not too soon, I'll meet you at the gates. 