Life has been bad for the last 8 years. I beg you to read this. Hello.
Didn't know this subreddit existed but I'm glad i found it. I'm sure you have heard a story like this many times before, but I don't know where else to talk about this. This is quite long, and I apologize if it's not well written, but if I knew how to sort out my life, it would be much easier to tell this story.

I am 23 years old and since I was 15 my life has been borderline unbearable. It all started with me not fitting in at my school which resulted in dropping out. I went to another school the year after but not knowing anyone and being older than everyone else was making me feel bad. I went to a psychologist for a while and found out that I needed some change. I therefore went on a vacation all by myself, just making music. 

Some years later I met the love of my life. I was now 18 and for some reason I knew she was "the one" (pardon the tacky-ness). We had a great time together for about a year before she suddenly just told me that it didn't work out for her. She absolutely broke my heart and I moved from my home town just to get away from her. 

I moved into an apartment with 3 other people which I didn't knew. One night after being out drinking by myself, I came home and talked for a while to one of the girls that i lived with. We ended up having sex and after about a month, she told me that she was pregnant and was going to keep it.

I didn't think my life could get any worse at this point, and then this happened. So I did like before, moved to another city (Don't worry, I visit my daughter every week).

I now live in Bergen (Norway), and I have met some great people, and I've got some very good friends here, and things have turned a little better. I have never had any money. My rent is very expensive as I live in Norway, and with some expensive bills in addition I barely survive on the money I earn through my job. 

This winter I realized I havent felt happy since I was 19 years old, and I have completely forgotten how it feels. I just told my parents all about this, but as I expected there's not much they can do, except lending me some money every once in a while (which I would never ask them as they barely can support themselves). 

My problems might not seem that big to you, but I can assure you that once you get in a bad stream of problems, every little thing adds one drop to the cup, and the smallest of problems can be enough to tilt me.

One more thing: There's a girl that I really like in my class. She's smart, pretty and we share alot of insterests and taste of music. She has a boyfriend which she's been with for 2.5 years and I would never destroy their relationship, but I know she likes me too and that makes me confused.

The last couple of months we have shared some time together doing stuff that we both enjoy, like playing super nintendo or going to concerts, and one day I actually felt happy again. She is the one person that makes my life worth living and she has a boyfriend.

I know this problem can't be solved in any other way than just patiently waiting to see if she decides to break up with him, but it is hard to be on "hold".

Not a day goes by without me thinking of ending it all. The only thing stopping me is that I feel a responsibility to be here for my daughter, but this reason is also fading away as I get more and more depressed seing my friends graduate, getting good jobs, happy relationships, good economy and good lives in general. I feel that I have been treated unfairly, and all I want is to feel happy again.

Tl;dr: A long story about my life slowly becoming unbearable. Please take the time to read it, I am desperate for someone to reply.

Edit: Don't know why, but I felt like adding a link my music. 
http://www.myspace.com/lunsj/music/playlists/l-nsj-s-playlist-1077822