I can't take the pain anymoreI'm really tired of this feeling of worthlessness and a constant feeling of dread. For the past year I've been dealing with constant pain, and it's been destroying who I am, or who I thought I was. I never really had a bad childhood, I had a lot of friends growing up, a lot of whom I'm still friends with. Heck, I met my best friend in first grade and we're roommates in college. But in elementary school my mom was diagnosed with thyroid disease and bone disease. She started taking pain medications when I was in fourth grade, and without me ever really realizing it, she became addicted. She was very irrational at times and in ninth grade, we moved back to our old house and she didn't let me go to school for three months because she didn't want me to leave her. 

I personally didn't know what to do. I loved my mom, and I still do, but her irrational behavior frightened me to say the least, and near the end of ninth grade my grandparents got custody of me. I ended up being able to complete all the classes I failed in ninth grade and got to graduate with my friends and classmates... What I've really been struggling with, however, is the way I treated my mom during high school. She would call me, leave voicemails, crying her eyes out. She would ask why I didn't want to visit her, and that she missed me. I ignored all her calls and voicemails until I was a junior in high school. I listened to them all, and I felt like the shittiest son in the world. Even though she caused me so much pain, I felt bad for not being there for her for so long.

So I started running and cycling to deal with the emotional pain. I immediately fell in love with the feeling running and cycling gave me. It was the only time where I could escape from my thoughts. What was so great about it was I didn't think about anything when I ran. It was beautiful. So I started running a lot. I started running up to ten miles a day, and it made me feel so good about myself. For once in my life, I felt great and not like a shitty person. I joined the cross country team/track team my senior year in high school and made a lot of good friends. I made it to sectionals in track for the 1600, 3200, 800, and 4x800. I finally felt like I had accomplished something great for once..

However, around a year ago I pulled a muscle/tendon in my knee while biking up a hill, and I haven't been the same since. I've tried several times to get back into cycling and running, but I've always ended up re-injuring myself. I took three months off completely from running last semester, and was able to run up to two miles during the summer, but the knee injury came back, and I was forced to stop running again. I've also been struggling with consistent groin pain. It feels like a tearing sensation whenever I stand up, and it's been ruining my life. It'll pop out of place and I'll have to readjust myself to make it feel right again.

Anyway, I'm tired of feeling like this. I'm tired of constantly being in pain for no reason. I was never good at anything in my life until I started running and cycling. People knew me as the guy who ran a shit ton, and I liked that about myself. It wasn't hard for me to just go out the door and run fifteen miles out of the blue. And I miss it so much. I've been to several doctors with no positive results. They've all said, take an aleve and it'll feel better. I've done everything all the doctors have said to do, and I'm still in pain. I have no idea why. I'm tired of the pain and the constant feeling of worthlessness. I've felt like I've been living with no purpose for so long. Everyone has something they're great at. My best friend is a computer science major and he's super smart. My other roommate is the quad leader for the band. I just feel useless. 

I feel like my life had meaning when I was a runner/cyclist. I was doing something productive with my life, and I was finally better than someone at something. I'm sorry this is so long, but I feel like I had to tell someone about this, because it's been eating me up for the longest time and I feel like I'm going to break at some point soon. No one understands.