i’m so very tired. of me.a little about me: i’m a 20 year old who’s been battling with depression for four years. it started because my dad constantly put me down for my weight— and I don’t mean just simple insults— I mean stuff I pray that my worst enemy never hears at the age of 16. Being told that I would never be successful, that if I ever got into a relationship I would get cheated on, but most of all that no matter how hard I tried, I would never become a doctor. It’s been a lifelong dream of mine and I’m actively in college as a premed, who just finished taking the entrance exam. But in that process, my dad never was once on my side because I was fat. So as of today, this has been going on for 4 years of constant almost daily fights that tear apart my entire family. It starts off with my dad yelling at me and sometimes my mom will side with him, but today I got my mcat score back and didn’t do so hot so I’ve been down in the dumps all day today and my dad took to telling me once again that I am a failure and that I would never amount to anything and because I devoted my life to becoming a doctor, this was the one thing I was supposed to be good at, and I wasn’t. so here I am, fat and just like a failure for never getting my life together in any aspect. my mom fought with my dad today because she told him today was not the day to bring up other issues and instead it started a very big family fight. My dad yelled at my mom and my brother even though they had no fault in this at all. And this happens quite a bit and I am always the reason behind it. I’m tired of tearing my family apart. I’m tired of just having lows and anytime I think there might be a high, a new low comes my way.
I have to drive back to my college town tomorrow, and I’ve already planned how I wanna end it. I told my best friend to take care of those around me especially my mom and brother. I know it’ll hurt them at first, but it the end, hopefully there will be less arguments and fights because I’m not there to cause them. Thanks for listening, I hope you have a wonderful day/night!