I plan to kill myself before my 20th birthday. I'm 17 now.Yeah, I don't have a typically bad life.  In fact I have a very good life by many standards.  I grew up in the first world with great parents who made enough money to get by plus a little extra.  My parents never even dared to spank me or put hot sauce on my tongue for swearing, I only ever got lectures.  While they did want me to try my hardest, they never pushed me to be the best or anything like that.  Just as long as I was trying my hardest and happy.  They are accepting people who would love me no matter what.  I was never bullied by anyone, and essentially allowed to pursue my own interests as a child.  

That being said I've always been way too hard on myself.  I can really be a perfectionist when I'm trying to hone a skill.  I'll spend all day on a simple drawing because it has to look perfect.  Occasionally killing myself has come into the equation.  I would do thing such as "If I don't run X amount of laps in Y amount of time I'm going to kill myself." or "If I get any C's on my report card I'm going to kill myself.".  This also happens whenever I mess up in the slightest or anyone gets remotely mad at me.  I feel that I've done some major damage and think "Yup, I'm definitely going to kill myself."

I've also had this deep hatred for who I am my entire life.  Even back in preschool I hated things about myself like my name and how I looked.  My entire life I've wanted to change my name.  Along these lines I've always had this desire to completely change who I am, be it through changing peer groups or faking my suicide and moving away and giving myself a fake identity.  I've always felt inferior to my peers, like they've somehow attained some status of cool I can't reach.  Because of this I've developed social anxiety, where I can't talk to someone without feeling that I'm just a stupid awkward cunt who just makes the other person miserable.  I can respond to other people fine, but can't start a legitimate conversation most of the time for the life of me.  I also feel that others are constantly judging me, that everything I do is being put under a microscope, and that I'm constantly on the verge of fucking up.  

The only time I can ever start a conversation in a very informal setting where nothing is expected of me, especially when drugs are involved.  I feel that if I fuck up or act weird no one will care.  In these situations I always paint myself to be a lazy unmotivated loser, even though I know that to be untrue. I fret non stop if even the least amount of expectation is placed on me.  

I know this is ridiculous, that logically I'm not different from anyone else.  I'm not weirder or stupider or creepier than anyone else, but for some reason whenever situations with expectations arise I panic.  

I recently went through I period where I thought I was transgender, but upon further reflection I really don't think I am.  However in early 2012, I decided to either kill myself or transition.  Neither happened, but it was really the first time I really formulated a plan to kill myself.  Since then I have essentially not gone a moment without the desire to kill myself, and a plan on standby to do so.

I also have no desire to grow older, the thought of having to get senile and old just seems pointless to me.  When I was younger I felt that when I got older I would be more awesome, that my feeling of inadequacy would subside.  Now I know that no matter what I do I will always feel like a weird outcast.  The happiest I've been in the last few years was when I took MDMA, but I know that's a path I don't want to go on.  What's the point of playing this game if it's going to suck the whole way through?