The fallYou know the feeling of being so sad that you feel like throwing up? Like you rolled your problems into a ball and swallowed it. You just want to puke it out. It feels so encompassing, inside and outside. I only see the bad things in this state. Everything good or just neutral is gone so fast, or never registers at all. The bad sticks to me like ever thicker layers of paint. It colors me and the bubble I see through. 

My birthday is coming. On that day, I am supposed to feel good about me. I am supposed to be celebrated. Nothing is more awkward. Nothing feels more false and forced than liking me. I can't take gifts for being this. This is mockery or misunderstanding. What a disgusting joke. 

Summer is here, sun and blooming flowers included. Another miracle I can't do anything with. I love the smells and sights. I will never have anyone to share it with. Here we are, 7 billion of us. How did I get separated from all of you? This could reach millions. None of those connections make any difference.

I know I used to be happy. We are all born content. Sam Harris says I have no free will. Why was I created happy just to turn miserable? To experience this paradox of longing for death? This is not a life. Could I vanish without causing harm, I would. 

I wonder what it is like to fall asleep and never wake up. Then I wonder, what is it like to wake up having never fallen asleep? And I realize that killing myself just runs the risk of this joke being repeated. If anything kills a joke, it is repetition. 

Why does a 25 year old end up feel like his life is done? I live in a supposedly happy country. I am privileged, white, male, my chances are so good. Am I born weak? With so little spine and character that a poor start just broke me? I used to think I was over all this. I really worked on myself. I read so much, I studied myself and others. I felt like I understood the traps I had fallen into. I made everyone else believe it too. 

But here I go again. I picture so vividly my own face blowing off against the wall of my childhood home. The most expensive street in town. The picture is so vivid that I want to vomit again. It is so terrible. So sad. I was at rock bottom and started climbing, only to fall back to bottom. 