I am strongly considering suicide if I fail chemistry again.I am a student at UCF, but I took a little over a year off (after another year off prior) due to my eating disorder and requiring treatment. After treatment I was doing well and was considering becoming a dietitcian in order to help others that are going through what I went through. To do so I had to take Gen Chem at a local community college and then transfer to another school. Halfway through the class I decided it wasn't for me and I changed my major back and planned on reattending UCF. However, towards the end of the semester my mental health deteriorated and I just stopped showing up..at the time I didn't have a therapist and my psychiatrist who is an asshole wouldn't write me medical withdrawal papers. I found myself retaking the class again but ended up withdrawing again because the content was harder with a different professor and I was about to fail. UCF has a policy where if you take classes outside the university while not attending and you try to come back you will not be allowed back. I am currently taking this class now and UCF for what ever reason doesn't know (they keep sending me notifications saying they need my transcripts from my readmission and I keep ignoring it) but, I am finding myself in the same boat of I will most likely fail. The final is next week, the ACS, and the average grade for this exam is a 40%. I calculated I need a 58% which is highly unlikely. I had a solid 73.5 in the class which was giving me a good buffer, but with the recent grades put in I did worse than I thought and now I have a low 71. I most likely will fail and be kicked out of UCF once they find out. 
I survived a suicide attempt back in April, and I have already been wishing I didn't survive lately. This will be it if I can't pass this class. I work as a CNA now and my job is so hard on my mental health. I can't live working as a CNA for much longer. College is my only hope and I can't handle telling people I failed out. Life is honestly not worth living if I can't do this. 
Its even worse too because I spent my entire life being bullied and feeling like an idiot and now its all confirmed. 
I am not worried about my family or friends because they all have people in their lives that they value much more than me. I am always the second option. They will be sad at first but they will all get over it. 
I'm done.