19 years and it hasn't gotten any better.TW: rape /child molestation/ self harm 

I was 4 years old. It was a birthday party, we had just finished hitting the piñata. This preteen girl, she had been baby sitting me in the past, takes my hand and locks ourselves in the bathroom. She says she'll tell my parents I did something bad if I say anything. She took my clothes off and . . . penetrated me and gave me oral, she forced me to do the same to her. My parents found out later and told me to forget the whole thing, they were very embarrassed. 



Fast forward to first grade. I'm a very pale skinned Latina, my parents are refugees from Nicaragua and Costa Rica. I transferred from public school to a Mexican American Catholic School. I don't think you understood the amount of bullying I received. My Spanish was "different", I was all alone during recess, the nuns would always give me crap, the TA one time physically started shaking me and screaming at me where was my money for the yearbook or something, in front of the whole class watching, she threw my desk to the floor and started throwing my books out of the desk looking for the money. 


2nd-6th grade I transferred back to public school. I am not exaggerating when I said I had not a single friend. I would get slapped, scratched, punched, etc. I ate lunch by myself and hid in a corner in a school yard to read. 

Middle school was alright, I was pretty happy. Pretty emo and was frustrated with my overprotective parents. So I started cutting. 



Freshman year. I hated my high school. Rich, white kids and I felt really out of place. I made a small group of friends, but the ring leader, she was really abusive and moody. I don't blame her, she had a lot of shit in her life and was on some heavy antidepressants. My grades started to drop. Aka I used to be an honor student. I start going to therapy. I realized I was into girls. So I came out to my mom. A devout Catholic, she wouldn't have it. So she sent some nuns over to my room and they harassed me to the point of tears. I was a sinner, I was going to hell, etc. that's when my relationship with my parents started to change.

Sophomore year. I got in an argument with my best friend, the ring leader, and she punched me in the school cafeteria and my whole friend group turned against me. I was all alone. I started going to another therapist and I developed IBS disorder. I was diagnosed with clinical depression and anxiety. I couldn't get out of bed in the mornings, I'd come to school late, sometimes I wouldn't even go to school. If I saw my friend group, I'd have a panic attack. I hid in my classrooms. 


I was going to kill myself. I decided that. I begged God, and told him to send me an angel if he didn't want me to kill myself. The next day, I met the love of my life. He was a year older, timid, really sweet. It was Valentines Day and the girl I was gonna ask out had other plans, so, I asked him if he wanted to tag along. We went to see Rocky Horror Picture Show. I fell in love with him that night (everyone at school was confused because they thought I was a lesbian, I did too, turns out, just bi lol). Because I started going out with him, my mom got mean. And very jealous. She started being emotionally abusive and very controlling. 


Junior year. It was the summer before I transferred high school. I went to visit my aunt and cousins in Florida and take a trip to Universal Studios. As a huge Harry Potter fan, I was really happy and I haven't seen my cousins since I was 8. We go back to my aunts house, and I suffer from nightmares so I go to my cousins room and ask if I can stay for a bit. I fell asleep. I don't know if it's the fact he was socially awkward, that he never had a girlfriend, but I woke up to him raping me. I froze. I didn't open my eyes. I couldn't move. I had a boyfriend, my best friend who I loved so much. I felt like I was cheating on him. I wanted to leave. I wanted to go back home to California so bad. I came home and I had a mental breakdown. I was going to kill myself. I called my best friend Kayla and she was always a shitty friend, I told her I was going to kill myself. She said "I'm really tired, can you call me later?" So I called my boyfriend. He was so scared. He talked me out of it. My parents got mad at me, saying I was hysterical, so I screamed "I WAS RAPED AND I WANT TO DIE". They told me to shut up and go to bed. 

I started the junior year and I'd get flashbacks. My parents didn't want to believe I was depressed and needed medication. Kinda ironic since my dad suffers from bipolar disorder and my mom is a psychologist. It's January and my uncle died of cancer. The grieve hit me really hard. I started failing my classes. I had this teacher who was sort of predatory towards me, had a crush on me, I guess. He'd take me out of class to "talk to me", he'd put his hand on my leg, I felt so uncomfortable. I told my friends and they said I was making it up, as he was everyone's favorite teacher. Idk how, since I was not his student, he found out I was failing my classes because I was so depressed, I wasn't showing up to school, and he went to my counselor. My counselor and this teacher talked to me and I told them my uncle just died, I was raped, I'm not allowed to take meds. The counselor said "I'm sorry you were raped but everyone has problems. Get over it". She said she was going to take me out of all my honor classes and put me in freshman classes. I begged her no. I told her my parents started being abusive and they would get so upset at me. "Too bad" she said. I locked myself in the bathroom and a security guard found out I was gonna attempt suicide when I got home. So they took me to a clinic. 



My parents finally got the picture I needed meds so I started seeing a psychiatrist. I was diagnosed with depression, anxiety, OCD, and PTSD. I started talking some antidepressants. I started doing independent study.  My grandfather dies, he and I were very close. I got really depressed. My mom started being even more controlling and emotionally abusive. If my boyfriend and I went on dates, she'd "show up". She's never let us have privacy. She was being crazy. One day, I couldn't take it. I cursed at her to leave me alone. My dad got extremely upset and pinned me against a wall and started choking me. I got really scared. He started being aggressive with me after that, sometimes it go so bad my boyfriend had to pick me up and take me somewhere for the night. I lost my group of friends. Fast forward to summer. My dog died. I got extremely depressed. 



Senior year. I had to go to Nicaragua because my uncle was dying of cancer. He passed on. This is where everything went downhill. The love of my life had been living on his own and he need to go back home to Utah. We've been together for 2 years. I loved him so much, I didn't want him to go, but he was so suicidal and depressed, he had to. After he left, I was so suicidal and failing school. I never showed up to school. My parents were so abusive. I started doing independent study. Because of the long distance, something in me and my boyfriends relationship changed. I was depressed and suicidal 24/7, and he started telling me he hated being a virgin and was craving a sexual relationship. I felt really guilty I couldn't do that with him. We had attempted sex before, but my PTSD wouldn't really let me relax. And we never had any opportunities to be alone because my mother was always on my back. Our first major fight was he didn't see going to my prom as really important, he didn't want to ask for the day off, and I was really selfish, I wanted him to be there. I knew he was jealous of my best friend/ex, so I said I'd go with him instead. He asked for the day off and we went to prom. That was the last time we were happy. 

He started becoming distant, we'd fight a lot, and he started being abusive through text. I'd have mental break downs and suicidal tendencies. I knew he wanted a sexual relationship and I started getting jealous he was hanging out with female coworkers. We were planning to move in together in January. My best friend Lorena told me I had to leave him. That she hated him and that everyone said he was abusive and I needed to leave. But I loved him so I gave him the benefit of the doubt. 

Its October. My mother started being super emotionally and physically abusive. I told my boyfriend I couldn't take it anymore, I needed out. I hated home, that I was going to kill myself if I stay any longer. He hesitated. He said if I could wait a couple weeks so he could get some money from the bank and find an apartment. I drop out of college and buy some winter clothes for the snow. I get a text from boyfriend saying he called me dad and they both agreed my dad would get me an apartment in town. That I'd be away from my abusive parents. But I was pissed. Enraged. I had my first manic episode. I dropped out of college, begged for money, spent $200 on winter gear because he told me we were moving in together, and we had this nasty fight. I was awful. I was so mad. He broke up with me. 


I was depressed and angry. His mom contacted me and I talked to her. I told her, in full confidence, that her son had been emotionally abusing me for the last couple of months and that I loved him I was just worried if he didn't get help he would do the same thing to a different girl. She gets enraged, telling me how stupid I am, how dare I accuse her son of being abusive, that I love being a victim and she's glad her son left me. I was distraught. I was suicidal. I needed help. I made a Facebook post saying I had just gotten out of an abusive relationship and   I needed help. My ex contacted me about my post saying how dare I call him abusive, his reputation was ruined, how dare I contact his mother, and he was going to get back together with me but now he wasn't. I wanted to kill myself. 


A week later I go out with my best friend, who's also my ex. My then boyfriend was always jealous of him, I don't blame him. My ex texts me saying I hope I'm doing okay, he still cares, that I please don't cut and what not, etc. We started talking again. That week of not talking was awful. I would wake up in the middle of the night crying, having chest pains, having nightmares, it was awful. I legit wanted to kill myself. But talking to my ex helped. We always had this unhealthy dependency where we talk 24/7. I found out he made a tinder the day after we broke up, and I felt hurt. I needed my boyfriend back, better yet, I needed him to not hate me. 


It's the last week of October and I buy greyhound tickets to Utah, where my ex lives. It was the first independent thing my overprotective ass did. My ex protested heavily and was angry. He did not want to see, he called me selfish, etc. he refused to help pick me up from the greyhound and said I was on my own. He still showed up to my motel room. It was really emotional. We hadn't seen eachother in person since prom. Or my birthday, I don't really remember. We cried a lot. He was still really affectionate and touchy. And then he kissed me. And one thing led to another, and we had sex for the first time together. He told me he wanted to lose his virginity with me, that was always the plan. I did too. We had so much sex and we went about all over Salt Lake City. At nighttime, he told me he wanted to get back together. That he still loved me. And my stupid naive ass believed him. 



I come back to California. I started my job at Toys R Us and life was great. But my boyfriend was becoming distant and abusive again. He wasn't like this in person. We never fought in person, or anything. It's December and I confront him over text. "You don't love me, do you?" "I don't. It was a mistake getting back together. I didn't mean it". We ended on good terms, but I was so suicidal. I lost him again. I didn't reapply second semester of college because we were moving in together in January. I overdosed. I was taken to the ER and hospitalized for a week. When I got out, I noticed no text messages from him. I was angry, I tried killing my self and he didn't even check to see if I was okay?? I cried the whole way home, and he texted back. We started talking again. 


We'd get into a lot of fights. And one day, just to piss me off, he told me was seeing someone. Turns out, I found out later, he lied just to hurt me. So I made a tinder. Went on some bad dates, but I found this really nice guy. My ex was obviously jealous of him, but he told me how happy he was for me and what not. Then he started telling me how much he liked this coworker of his, how hot she is, that she doesn't use him as a therapist like I do. He then even told me he asked her out on a date. I was hurt. I found out a week later it was another lie. I started going out with this tinder kid, became boyfriend/girlfriend but I couldn't feel anything. Not when we kissed, or had sex. I missed my ex. I told my ex that this guy would pressure me into sexual favors and get mad if I said no. My ex was being my best friend again and told me he cared about me and I should leave him, for my safety. One day I came home with hickies. My mom saw them and exploded. She started screaming at me how I was a puta (whore), that I had no respect for myself, and she threw things at me. I needed an escape. I sold some expensive things and friends gave me some money so I could go on the greyhound and see my best friend, my ex. I arrive at Utah at my hotel. He gave me lots of affection and hugs and I told him how awful things were at home. He knew I had a boyfriend, but one thing led to another and we had a lot of sex. Nonstop. We'd laugh and tickle eachother, cuddle, it was like old times. And then it was nighttime and I start crying. I felt awful for cheating and I told him I still loved him. He started crying as well and saying he ruined everything, he should have waited until I got better, etc. But that the damage was done and we couldn't be together. 


Next day, we swam in the hotel pool. And it was magical. Just like old times. We had piggy back rides, splashed eachother, and he told me to close my eyes and he kissed me. The way he looked at me was just like how he used to look at me, like he still loved me. It was a painful goodbye. We kissed eachother and cried when we walked away from eachother. On the bus ride home, I started puking, I felt ill, and I was scared I was pregnant. I was more scared if it was my ex or my boyfriend. I was dizzy, nauseous, I skipped my period. I came home and I told my boyfriend I thought I was pregnant and I needed to take a test. "You have to abort it. I'm not ready to be a dad. You can't be pregnant, I always pulled out!" And then I told him he may not be the father. I confessed I cheated. He said he didn't want to talk to me anymore and stopped talking to me. 





So, if you've read this far, you know I've been through so much shit. I'm almost 19. I never leave bed. I'm so depressed and suicidal. I don't leave the house. I'm all alone. I am still heartbroken after 6 months since the initial breakup. I still talk to him everyday. Even though I shouldn't. I just want out. Everyone tells me it gets better and easier and I deserve to be happy, but do I really? I'm an awful, sick person and I pushed away the best thing to ever happen to me. I miss him so much. I miss my best friend, the love of my life. 


Drew, if you're reading this. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry I make you angry, that I'm always negative and depressed, I'm so sorry I couldn't make you happy. I'm so sorry I can't move on like you did. I don't know if you ever loved me or not after these 3 years, but I love you. You're my best friend. I was so happy with you in Utah. I felt loved and I felt safe. I just know I can never forgive myself for that post and telling your mom, I only wanted to help you. You were abusive and I want you to get help. Just God, let me be happy. Let me die. 19 years of just bullshit, I'm sick of it. I want out. 