Two Years Later...Just As BadThis is a shot in the dark, if someone reads this. Perhaps it's more to get some things off my mind. 

My SO shot herself while I was at work. Two years ago on September 27th. I try not to look at dates, but I do. I was at work and she did not respond to texts like she normally does. I felt...weird(?) about it and took a taxi home as soon as I left work, instead of taking public transportation. She had seen a little "off" that day. When I returned home I checked on her in our bedroom, and she was no longer alive. 

I screamed my lungs out. I banged on walls in our bedroom. Everything I had suddenly vanished. Any semblance of normalcy had gone out the window. I went to grab the weapon she used to do the same to myself, however two neighbors pulled me into the hallway until police arrived. 

The kicker is that I work in psychiatry. I have patients that exhibit suicidal ideation. I try to pick up on that. I noticed nothing, which makes me feel like a personal AND professional failure regarding her death. For months and months I tried to "solve" what happened before finally accepting that isn't a possibility. 

Since then I have returned to work. It gave me more of a drive to want to help people with depression, or people with rapidly fluctuating moods. On the side, I have been seeing a psychologist and a psychiatrist, as well as attending support groups. These things, along with SSRIs, TCAs, benzos, (whatever) have not provided a combination that has helped me slowly heal.

I have no drive to continue, and the fact I'm with a woman I love makes it even tougher. Without her I am sure I would have killed myself by now. I don't want to do to her to feel what I felt. I don't want anyone in my life to feel what I felt. Having everyday life snatched from you and being forced to start from square one, without the person you loved. 

After it happened to me I spent three weeks with the same routine: I drove to the park, screamed in my car for about an hour, and then returned home to go back to sleep. 

I don't want to make anyone in my life feel the same way. I miss the woman I loved, I don't want to leave the woman I love now. I don't want my family to endure what her family had to endure. 

At best, though, I am ambivalent about living. I believe the fear of scarring or traumatizing my friends and loved ones is the primary thing keeping me alive. The option of ending my life has been there for quite a while, though somehow I resist. Perhaps writing this will help, or show the effects of suicide from the other side. 

I'm at a loss.
