I need help approaching my dad.Earlier today I had coffee with my mom. She confided in me that earlier this week she saw my dad sitting in their back yard holding a shotgun in his lap. When she asked him about it, he told her he was weighing the pros and cons of offing himself. I have no idea what to do in this situation. He told her the pros were definitely winning, which is a good  obviously a good thing. She told me she talked to him about getting back onto anti-depressants, which I think he agreed to. My mom tells me she thinks he's just being over-dramatic and that she was pissed about the whole thing. When she said that it was just a cry for attention, I told her it was, and that he needed the attention, not just brush it off as an act. I urged her to get him into therapy. Over the past two years he's turned to alcohol, and drinks till he passes out almost every night too. We've talked about that and he's admitted to needing help and that he's an alcoholic, but hes done nothing about it though. According to my mom, since she found him in the yard, he hasnt had a drink. Right now, I have no idea what Im supposed to do. My mom doesnt seem like she knows what to do either, and doesnt seem all that upset either, she was so nonchalant when she told me that I feel like she doesnt care much about the fact he was  contemplating suicide only a few days ago. I've gone through suicide prevention classes when i was in the military, and know the  steps to take for a subordinate who has immediate access to a mental health facility. But with my dad, I'm not his superior, I cant make him go to a hospital. How do I let him know that him offing himself is selfish and it will affect my whole family negatively without making him feel guilty for even considering it? I don't want to make him feel worse for being depressed, becasue I know he isnt in control of being depressed. I dont want to say the wrong thing to him and drive him further into a depression. But Im worried that now that I know he's suicidal, innaction will be worse.  