My mom's brain tumor is causing her to self-harm and talk suicide. I'm scared out of my mind. What do I do?A year ago, my mom (a clinical psychologist and college professor) had a tumor removed from her hippothalmus region in her brain with two surgeries performed last summer. At the end of the year, I chose to move back home to help her, my step-father, and my little half brother, who's nine. She was constantly crying because I wasn't there, and I felt awful that I was across the country. 
In addition to having her memory short-circuited, she has terrible, frightening mood swings, and her impulse control no longer exists. As a result of loss of impulse control, she has been eating a lot more, and has gained 30 lbs (which is also a result of the steroids she was put on), which has made her extraordinarily depressed, which causes her to comfort eat even more. Until I got another job, I was in charge of basically handling her every day, which meant I had to take her out to a different field trip every day, and buy her lunch (using my savings account). While out, I constantly had to listen to her bash my dad, my dad's family, my stepdad, her weight, and everything else--and then she'd insist on getting tons of things to eat, and when I'd admonish her for that, she'd throw a temper tantrum. She would also scream at me when I tried to get her to take her antidepressants and steroids, saying that they were making her sick.  
She has physically attacked my stepfather on different occasions--hitting him, throwing things, etc. A few times, Mom has attacked me, just verbally (she calls me 'retarded' due to a mild learning disability I have), but on both occasions, I moved to a safe location until she mellowed out.  
A couple of days ago, she demanded I take her out to the mall. We were there for SEVEN HOURS, while she looked at clothes and whined that she was too fat for any of them. I needed to get home to get ready for the night, and I insisted that we do so. She cried and said I didn't love her, then we passed Dairy Queen and she insisted she wanted ice cream. I told her no. She proceeded to verbally assault me in a manner I have only seen on psychotic individuals. Mom told me I was ungrateful, a spoiled brat, evil, mean, selfish, and that I hate her. She then began SLAPPING HERSELF REPEATEDLY in the car and screaming at the top of her lungs. I tried stopping her and apologizing, but she then said she hated me and to get out of her house, and then shouting that she was better off dead. She then kicked me out of the house and locked the doors. I called my stepfather, hysterically crying and shaking. He proceeded to tell me to apologize, grow the **** up (!!), go back in the house and make sure my mom was ok--not once did he ask how I was doing. He refused to come back from his camping trip with his brother to help her.  
I'm hiding at my dad's house, I've barely slept in three days. I have crying periods and I could barely function while volunteering yesterday. I truly regret moving home; most 25 year-olds would NEVER give up their jobs, homes, and boyfriends to help their parents, but I did (my boyfriend and I have been doing this long-distance. He is one of the few stable people in my life right now). My mom and stepfather can't seem to see this; I'm constantly criticized and snapped at, and now my mom is truly acting crazy.  
I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO DO. Should I have called 911? A friend who works in a rehab clinic told me I should have, especially since she's self-harming, not taking her meds and talking about suicide. But my stepfather snapped that I needed to 'be there', even though I was terrified to be around her, and did not feel safe at all. I called to have a neighbor check on her while I volunteered, and spent the next night with friends. I have no idea what to do, and I'm so scared she's going to harm me if I go back, or harm herself. What do I do?
