Help!? How do I get out of this feeling??I’ve had some form of depression for at least the last 7-8 years but I seem to have high functioning depression. My boyfriend broke up with me three weeks ago now. He said I love you first, he brought up moving in and marriage and kids first and he brought it up even a month before we broke up. He wasn’t cheating technically but when he broke up with me he said that he never loved me and that he didn’t care he was hurting me when he texted his ex once. (Long story but I know he was being honest when he said he only texted her once). I’m afraid of my reaction now. Its been 3 weeks since the initial breakup and I’m still having very vivid suicidal thoughts. I’ve looked up methods 24/7, I’ve tried journaling my feelings before I noticed I was just ruminating, I’ve tried going outside and talking with my family, I’ve seen my therapist 3x a week since it happened and she’s recommending hospitalization. This can’t be a normal reaction to a breakup. Yes, this is the first breakup where I was fully in the relationship and genuinely thought I was going to be with him for the rest of my life but how is it that he’s gone now and I don’t give a single care in the world about the rest of my life. I try to hard to write down things I should be living for but I don’t care about any of them. I’ve removed him from my social media because it just hurts but even that hasn’t stopped me from thinking about him. Day and night it’s all I do. I’m either googling how to kill myself and sometimes googling how to feel better before feeling like it’s impossible and go back to finding ways to kill myself or I’m googling why he did this. He’s a decent guy from a decent family and for the most part he’s been a good ex. That’s why this breakup is so hard for me to accept. We were a good team! We would have disagreements but we never fought or purposely said hurtful things to one another, we would always talk it out. He treated me very well and would always be there for me. I look at these things online saying it’s better to be broken up if the relationship was bad for me but it doesn’t apply because this relationship was the best one I’ve ever had in my life and I don’t understand why it’s over. I can’t take care of myself. I can’t work and took this week off, I can’t sleep for more than 3 hours consecutively, I can’t eat or drink (118lbs to 110 this past week. I met with my primary doctor to get antidepressants and weighed 118 just last Wednesday and now I’m 110). I’ve talked to the national suicide hotline a bunch of times and when I talk it’s like they aren’t even listening to what I’m saying. Someone please help me. I feel like I’ve tried all the standard “get better” things and nothing is helping and I’ve gotten to the point where the only thing stopping me from killing myself is the fear that it won’t be successful and I’ll live life as a vegetable. 