Suicidal, Begging For Help and Turned Away - Retaliation From A Crisis Center Because I Turned In My Sexually Deviant TherapistI went to the hospital in the back of a police car yesterday against my will.  This was a first for me. 

I have a lot of trauma I haven't dealt with yet and every once in awhile it percolates up and this morning it happened.  After crying on the bathroom floor for a few minutes my mom came in and asked if I was OK.  I was too upset to respond so she just walked away and left me on the floor.  She came back after awhile but I still couldn't talk.  Shame overwhelmed me and all I could think about were suicide scenarios to finally end the suffocating pain that wells up inside me like a tsunami.

After about 40 minutes of crying on the floor I realized I had been away from my daughter for awhile and needed to get back to her.
When I stood up I could see myself in the mirror and felt disgusted.  I slapped my face repeatedly and as hard as I could, punishing myself for being the horrible human that at the time I thought I was.  I grabbed my laundry to go home and I almost made it out of the cabin before mom stopped me.  I told her the memories I was having from my childhood and she denied everything, invalidating everything I felt.  I started to really lose it, my voice screaming as loud as it could at her that I wanted to die.  That's when her husband came tearing out of the back room with a finger pointed at me so I ran away.



I ended up under a tree on the property.  It took me about 15 minutes to run through my DBT skills. I still felt sad because DBT does not take away emotion, it simply provides a means to regulate emotions.  I went to the fifth wheel and was just starting a movie when I saw a sheriff car pull into the driveway.



I went outside and was surrounded by four sheriffs.  I have had many interactions with this department prior to DBT but this was different.  I explained that I had been upset and ran away but did my skills and was much better, no longer suicidal at all.  They didn't believe me and forced me to go to the hospital.  The sheriff that drove me to the hospital was cold and short and wouldn't explain to me what law he was enforcing or why I had to go to the hospital.  Luckily I have skills and was able to not react to his hostility and just went with the situation so I could get back home to my daughter as soon as possible.  I saw the doctor briefly, explained myself and was promptly released.



The next day I called the Sheriffs to find out why this interaction was so different.  Turns out I had told my mom "give me a gun, I want to shoot myself" which she relayed to 911.  According to the sheriff deputy I talked to all they heard was 'gun' and that's why there were four of them and they were so serious.



It was during this call I learned the most horrifying fact and it has blown my mind.  A couple years ago I was seeing a male therapist that was going through a divorce.  He ended up telling me he thought about me when he pleasured himself, as well as many other disgusting comments.  I reported him to his facility but wasn't taken seriously.  After he told me about pleasuring himself I reported him to the neighboring county's facility, where I had been a patient years earlier.  I eventually sued the county facility that employed him and was quieted with a 50k settlement, of which I got 24 after the lawyer and fees.  I wish I had taken it to trial but my lawyer basically said no.



A year after the lawsuit I was doing really bad.  I was in the emergency room three times in two weeks for suicide ideation.  The hospital set me up an appointment at the neighboring county's mental health facility, where I had been a patient years earlier and the same facility that I had reported my sick therapist.



I was barely hanging on, waiting desperately for my appointment.  An hour before the appointment I got a horrible phone call.  It was the facility cancelling my appointment.  They said that my medicaid wouldn't cover it because I don't live in their county.  I attempted to explain that I did live in their county, my mailing address is in the other county.  I also tried to explain that medicaid has different benefits in different counties and I knew my medicaid was in the right county because my medical doctor only takes the same county's medicaid.  It's confusing but basically they were lying and I knew it.  The person who called ignored me and just kept repeating that her director would not allow me to be seen.  This is the same exact director to whom I had reported the sexually-inappropriate therapist.



I hung up, cried and cried and started to picture my suicide in graphic detail.  Terrified and alone, I called the facility back and asked to speak with the director. I tried to explain to her but I was so upset and had been so desperate for help I was furious that they were denying me their services.  I begged and told her I was on the verge of suicide with a specific method and hung up because I was so upset.  I called a final time on my way to commit suicide.  I called to thank them for pushing me to finally go through with it.  I told them where I was and my plan and then hung up.



When I got to my planned location I realized there was a complication and I wanted to be sure this wouldn't be another attempt.  I was working on the complication when a sheriff stopped.  I asked him what county this was and he reassured me it was the county I thought it was.  He was disappointed to hear what happened and offered me a ride to the hospital which I happily accepted.  All I wanted was help.



I stayed in the hospital for 12 days while a psychiatrist adjusted my meds,  The only access to a psychiatrist while on medicaid in Washington is through inpatient psychiatric hospitalization.  There is not a single psychiatrist in Washington that accepts medicaid.  My only option had been my medical doctor and it wasn't working.  Not at all.



When I got out of the hospital I was curious about the facility refusing to see me while in crisis and had a sneaking suspicion it had something to do with my lawsuit against the neighboring facility.  I called and stated that I had a friend in crisis that didn't live in the county but was suicidal and they didn't hesitate.  They immediately said to bring her in, it didn't matter what insurance or where she lived if she was in crisis.



Since that phone call I filed a grievance with the ombudsman.  I described that I thought I was being retaliated against and I wanted to make sure that never happens again.  I got a letter saying they got my grievance and I tried to let it go.



Until my phone call with the Sheriff recently.  You see the sheriff couldn't find a 911 call on the day I was rescued.  There is no report or call at all for me that day.  THEY NEVER CALLED 911.  That sheriff just happened to be driving by, which explains why he didn't have lights on.



Let me reiterate that: the mental health facility that is also the acting crisis line not only cancelled my appointment and refused to see me for a completely false reason (they lied, I've checked with medicaid- they lied about that and it didn't matter anyway, I was in crisis) they DID NOT CALL 911 after three phone calls begging for help and telling them my plan. They've called them in the past when I stormed out of the office but after being the victim of a sick therapist and reporting him, they not only refused to see me but would have been the last people to speak to me before a very successful suicide.  Isn't a crisis line obligated to call 911 if a caller is in imminent danger?



On top of all that, later that same day my mom called the facility to find out what happened.  She had been at the emergency room with me and knew I had that appointment.  They not only broke the HIPPA laws and spoke to her about me but they told her I cancelled my appointment.  That's right, they lied and told my mom that I had called that morning and cancelled my appointment.



This is the county-funded mental health facility that cancelled my appointment an hour before it was supposed to happen, claiming it was because of medicaid. They refused to see me and sent me into crisis and did NOT CALL 911 when I was seconds from death.  The only reason I am ALIVE right now is a sheriff happened to be driving by.  Then they lied AGAIN and told my mom I  cancelled my appointment.  An appointment made by the Designated Mental Health Professional in the emergency room and the condition of my release from the hospital.



A couple years before I reported the bad therapist I had been a patient at this facility with the same medicaid and never had an issue.  This is retaliation for reporting and subsequently suing for justice.  He was not fired until I sued, months after I reported him.