I can't logic myself out of this anymoreI used to be able to talk myself out of this with logic. I would say that killing myself is the ultimate gamble, that it's making a massive bet that life will never get better. I would say that even if life got marginally better, it's better than ending my life.

What I conveniently forgot with this line of thinking is that the gamble works the other way. Choosing to survive is a bet that life can and will improve. Just as large a wager.

My boyfriend cheated on me. Pretty monumentally, too.  With two people. And I was the one kept a secret. I posted about it in /r/relationships under a throwaway two weeks ago.

Here's the thing. I'm a good person. I'm a teacher. I work with refugees, with impoverished kids. I spend lots of my own money and time on them. I can choose a delicate kind word for anyone. I go out of my way for people. I fight for justice and fairness all the time, even at my own cost. I don't steal, lie, cheat, or hurt anyone or anything. I have tried to live my life under the assumption that it's the path to happiness, that being kind to others and giving of myself is the best choice, the one that will bring goodness back to me.

But he got away with it. I continue to be a secret and no one he knows will believe me; I am seen as psychotic and I just want validation, for proof that I dated him for 13 months from someone that knew him. He hid me, he was embarrassed of me, he was ashamed of me. And he gets no punishment.

How is that fair? I know life isn't fair, but that's what has me so shattered right now. I don't miss him because I just can't, but I'm just so furious that I get to continue to suffer, to be hidden and embarrassed of myself.

Did I mention I'm also diabetic, have Asperger's, ADHD, anxiety, dermatillomania, and depression? Yeah I'm a fucking piece of work. No wonder he was ashamed. "Here's my girlfriend, the fucking head case. She can't read people and she's super naive, so keep all my other girlfriends a secret, okay?" 

I know, "woe is me," and all that. But I look at the world and I see my students who have gone through trauma - real trauma from refugee camps; I look at myself, who has never ever been able to trust anyone because something goes wrong. There isn't justice, there isn't fairness, there isn't equality. How am I supposed to look up from my feet and out into a world that seeks out the most vulnerable and crushes them?

I have a box of fresh bolus insulin. It is the fastest. 