What are my optionsI don't know. Long story short: Im only seventeen years old, and my first love of two years left me. Im left feeling awful. I have an anxiety problem, and its not helping.

I cant eat. I havent had anything in the last 24 hours. I cant sleep. I take sleeping pills to get to sleep but end up waking up in the middle of the night, and then im up all night. My anxiety has been acting up and panic attacks have become more frequent. Ultimately I think I want to die. My question is what do I do?

This has made me come out to my parents about my anxiety and there very supportive and took me to the doctor straight away. She just gave me some numbers to schedule an appointment with a psychologist, but my insurance isnt great and the only place I can get into isnt until june 27.

My point is, I know I have an anxiety problem. I don't think im depressed. Depression is long term right? Its over everything. I was happy. But now she left me, and im left feeling suicidal. Im suicidal but dont think I qualify for depression. How do I go about handling this? I really just want some type of medication. For my anxiety and id like anti depresents, but im not depressed am I?
This is the first real pain ive ever felt and its unbearable. How do i deal with it?

Longer story: She left me because she wants to find herself. Shes going off to college a year before me, and wants to grow. She says this relationship doesnt allow her to do that, and that shes lost feelings. This completely blind sided me and I wasnt ready for it. I know its all reasonable and nothing new, but I need her. Shes the only real friend I have in my life, and everything seems pointless without her. All i can think about is her living her life with someone else.

I know this may be written off as teenage ignorance. I dont know what im talking about. Everyone goes through this. I know that I love her though, and I know that I wont meet anyone better. I will get over it. In a year maybe two, but ill just have to settle for someone worse. Thats not really getting over her though is it? Ill never forget her, and Ill never meet anyone that I can love more than her. I know shes the greatest thing I will ever have in my life, and its gone. More teenager drama though right? Im not good enough for her, and it hurts more than I imagined possible. I want to die. Yea sure, it may get better over time, but It cant be worth going through this. I dont want to live a life without her.

Its been a week and everyday only gets harder as reality hits me. I want to die. How do I deal with this?