I'm 15 and I want to kill myself. Typical, right? Can Reddit help me handle my situation? I don't even know where to begin. I'm not very good with words, so please just bear with me until the end. This is a throwaway account for obvious reasons. 

I'm overwhelmed by stress. I'm trying to keep my grades up while taking all AP classes and drowning in homework. On top of that, my mother is crippled and both her and my stepdad are alcoholic, pain pill popping scumbags. My step dad (who is actually only mom's boyfriend) has a very unstable job, so right now, all three of us and my little sister are living off of the social security my mother receives from my dad's death. They're always behind on bills, yet they always have enough money to buy copious amounts of beer, cigarettes, and pain pills prescribed by a doctor who knows they don't need them. Our water is actually turned off right now, but there's beer in the fridge. We also have about three or four garbage bags behind the house full of beer cans from the past few weeks. Our house is also disgusting because no one besides myself can clean anything around here. 

I've been cutting myself and smoking weed as an escape for the past year, but it's not enough anymore. I've begged my family to let me see a psychologist, but they don't think I need one. They think if I see a shrink, I'll be labelled as a crazy person and I won't ever be able to hold a steady job. 

I know the environment I live in is unfit for any child, and the only reason I haven't turned in my parents yet is because I'm scared and I also don't want to ruin my mom's life. Sometimes I think she still tries the best she can, and other times I think she's given up. She told me drunkenly one time that she's slowly killing herself because she wants to be with my father in the afterlife. She has nerve damage in her feet, her bones are deteriorating, and her organs are slowly failing. Also, if I turn them in, I may have to leave my school and I won't get the freedom that I have right now to do virtually whatever I want (they really don't care what I do). 

I've decided to turn to Reddit because before this, I tried calling the suicide hotline. The lady who answered was really nice but I could tell that she had repeated the same thing a million times and probably didn't care about me. The line was full and she couldn't talk to me, so I let her go. And even before that, I tried calling the three friends I trust the most, but none of them would answer me. 


I know there has got to be someone out there who can tell me something. I'm too young to already be at my wit's end. Someone please guide me in the right direction.

**Edit:** I know many people have it way worse than I do. I apologize for this post being filled with first world problems. I'm just not strong enough to deal with the problems I'm facing. 