Mental hospital...So the day before yesterday, after being up all night drinking vodka.. and cutting myself.. and then looking around my house for drugs to overdose etc. I felt for some unknown reason that i really need help, so i spoke to my mom for awhile, then finally told asked her how does admitting yourself to a mental hospital work.. blah blah just trying to explain this as fast as possible, She talks to a social worker at the local clinic where the doctor im suppose to see works. He calls the hospital in my town over where the closest hospital is and says i can go today. 

I was happy but insanely nervous, so i drink some more (which im not suppose to, you cant be drunk if you wanna be admitted or something). So i pack some stuff, expecting to be staying there for awhile. I am really nervous, so my mom calls my gp to ask for some valium or something to help me go in the door to the hospital, i get a vlium injection. Go to the hospital, talk to a doctor and a nurse in a room.. Asks a lot of questions for about 40-50 minutes, then he shows me to my bed and its in a room with a few more people with about 8 beds (could be a lot of people) for me this is my worst nightmare, some reason i thought i would be in a room alone. 

From my past experience with mental hospital when i was 16, (about 4 years ago) it was a great hospital with only 6 rooms total, and i was in a room on my own.. very modern and i obviously liked it. but not at the time i wanted to go home asap, i was only there for 5 weeks. So this is what made me think it would be like that..

So i say to my mom i cant stay here, she asks the nurse for the doctor.. Tells her i cant do this and i go back to that room.. (im angry now) so he trys to convince me and i just say i wanna go home and i do.

But the point of this post is, What is it like in a adult mental hospital normally? I'm in ireland so im guessing its different around the world. 
Anyway any advice or info would be great.. sorry if this is too long