Please help me through the nightLately I've been spiraling down into depression again. I found myself in this exact place before, but each time seems much worse than the last.

I'm currently in treatment for my mental health issues - primarily bipolar disorder and self injury. Last year I was hospitalized because of a severe depressive episode, I was close to attempting suicide but was stopped. I had a plan, everything was in order, etc etc. Plan fell through and I was admitted to an inpatient unit.

So, fast forward to the present. I'm still receiving care. I am really struggling. Depression has been getting worse, and I am in desperate need of a med adjustment. Due to a multitude of factors, including the ridiculous weather, I haven't been able to see my prescriber. Today I was hoping to see him but it didn't end up working out. I absolutely need to see him tomorrow because I'm about to lose it completely.

I just need some advice or comfort or something. I am barely holding on here. Really, just barely. Just. Fucking. Barely.

None of my positive coping behaviors have worked, and now none of my negative ones can even touch my emotional pain and distress. Self injury doesn't provide me with any relief. No matter the damage I do, it doesn't provide me with relief. 

I can't sleep. I have awful insomnia. Sleeping 2-3 hours a night is certainly not helping my depression. I don't even like sleeping anymore. My depression is so severe now that I don't even like sleeping. Though, in all fairness, I physically couldn't sleep even if I actually enjoyed sleeping.

I'm sorry this is all scrambled but my mind is truly a huge mess.

I just need someone to help me through the night. I don't know exactly what I'm looking for, I just need to make it to tomorrow. 

Edit: (There was a comment that I wanted to reply to but by the time my wifi turned back on and I could post the reply, it was deleted, so I'm adding this here)

A part of me doesn't want to die, which is why I'm posting here. It's also kept me alive for all these years. But basically my depression has been spiraling down since New Year's. At midnight on New Year's I did a impulsive half-ass attempt at suicide, it was so ridiculous I didn't even bother mentioning it to anyone. I dropped down from there. I also had to withdraw from a psych med - one that I've been on for over five years. It took two months, and now I'm a full week without it. I pretty much stepped off the metaphorical cliff. I don't think I've crashed this hard before.

I'm scared. I'm scared of myself and what I could do. I'm scared of what would happen if tomorrow is another day I can't get a med adjustment. I'm scared of being back in the hospital. The hospital wasn't that bad in all respects. It kept me safe, it kept me alive. The part that scares me, I guess, is that I'll have face the reality of "well, I'm that bad again that I need to be in the hospital". It's not even really me, it's what other people in my life will think. 


My head is spinning around and I just want it to be over with.