About time I actually to kill myself.I’m a disappointment. A disgrace. A waste of breath. Ever since I graduated high school I never knew what I wanted to do with my life. Just floated through life with minimum wage jobs. I’m unhappy with everything in my life and my boyfriend pointed out I refuse to try anything and when there’s an opportunity to try, I don’t. Idk why...I have a bad mixture of anxiety and depression. My anxiety holds me back and my depression keeps me put. I moved to a new state to live with my boyfriend who has goals and is very ambitious but I’m the complete opposite of him. He always tries to help me but I refuse to listen to him and stay in my dark pit of sadness. I have no motivation to do anything in this world and now I’m about to lose my relationship. I’ve been telling myself for awhile now that I’m going to kill myself if he leaves me. I’m sorry, God. I tried to cherish this life and I have with my favorite clothes and tv shows but I can’t do this any longer. I really feel like I’m not smart enough to survive in this world. I have no passion or interest in anything. Just the constant need of wanting to die. I’m a sad excuse of a 22 year old. I disappointed my family when I hastily moved out to live with my boyfriend. If he breaks up with me I won’t have a room to go back to since they’re moving. Not only that but I can’t stand living under their roof. Being controlled. I was depressed living there. My social life being ruined and now I’m depressed out here not knowing what I want to do with my life and feeling like I’m running out of time since I turned 22. So my only choice is to die. Been trying to find painless ways. Recently found out about energy drinks causing death if you have too many in one sitting so I think I’ll try that next week with some pills as soon as I get my check. I hate myself. I’m a fucked up person who doesn’t deserve love. I don’t deserve anything because of how I choose to be helpless. I’m sorry Mom. But I’ve been feeling this way my whole life. Goodbye.