I'm pathetic, I don't want to exist.I'm just tired of everything that is going wrong in my life, I realise that there are people with much worse problems out there but I think I'm past the point where I can handle my own, as comparatively small as they may be.

I'm 20 years old, a university student, and I've been suffering with anxiety for 6 - 7 years now. I've only just recently started getting help  for it, with medications and therapy etc. But none of this works and I'm sick of struggling every day.

I'm 20 years old and because of my anxiety, I've never had a girlfriend, never had sex, for the past few years I've never had close friends. Any friends I do make are quick to give me up because it's not fun being friends with someone who can't function properly. I'm damaged goods and everyone around me can tell, I can feel the pity they ooze whenever they see me, it sucks.

Someone, God or who/whatever really fucked up when they made me a person. That was a bad decision. They should have made me something much more disposable, like a mouse. Nobody gives a shit if a mouse dies.

So lately I've decided I've had enough and have begun planning my suicide - I've mulled over various techniques and thought about what to put in a note, though ultimately I don't think I'll leave one.
The biggest obstacle, the reason I haven't killed myself yet is because of my family, especially my mum and my little sister. They'd be devastated; this is why I haven't killed myself yet. But I no longer care, call it selfish or whatever, but I figure they'll only be devastated for a short time; they'd get over it eventually.

Other things that have put me off suicide are the few people who would go to my funeral, but I don't care any more. What does it matter to me if the turnout to my funeral is pathetically small?

The only obstacle left is not being found for a few days, but I'm sure my house mates will notice the smell eventually.

I guess the reason I'm writing this is a last ditch attempt at finding some realisation, something that might make me want to keep going. But at this point I don't think I'll find anything.

Sorry about the crappy grammar and whatnot, I'm not too good with that stuff.