I’m still here, although probably not for long.I made a post on here a while ago that if I got the chance, I would kill myself that weekend. The weekend rolled around and the only reason why I didn’t do it that weekend is because of the flip of a coin. I just decided that if fate wanted me here, it would have to voice its opinion, so I flipped a coin. Heads, I stay alive, tails, I tell my parents I’m taking a shower and then slit my wrists in the bathtub. This happened the past two weekends, each time the coin landing on heads. In between these weekends as well I’m not just standing idle, I am trying to talk to people and get help. My online therapist, who helped me through a very hard time before, completely ignores any time I try to get into contact with them, even when I told them it was an emergency and I really needed to talk to them. I even told one of my best friends who I have known for years that I almost killed myself last weekend and you know what he said? “ I don’t know what to say about that dude,” and nothing else, ending our conversation that we are in. Are you fucking kidding me, the one friend that I have disclosed things to that I would never even say to my own family, just refused to peruse the topic further with me, even though he knew it might lead to my eventual death. My parent’s divorce is getting progressively worse, with each of my parents trying to trounce and belittle the other one, while also getting into shouting matches with my brothers. I just want everything to not be this way. I wish my friends cared if I was alive, I wish my parents still loved each other, I wish everyone would stop yelling all the time, I wish I had someone to talk to, I wish I wasn’t so alone, and I wish I didn’t have to flip a coin to decide my fate. I wish I either had the balls to finally kill myself and end it for good, or the balls to decide to tough it out. I will still be flipping the coin this weekend though. With the way things are going, I hope it lands on tails. 