I've attempted suicide twice; spouse has stopped me twice; How to move onHi Reddit. To give you context, I'm a 27 M recently married to a 34 M. My depression began shortly after I decided to give up my career for my partner. My insecurity became worse after I caught my partner having inappropriate messages with the fiancé of one of his friends. To make matters worse, I had also cheated on him prior to his offense. I am now going through my transition between careers and I'm lost more than ever. Every other day we are fighting. My partner has been frequently travelling for work recently and staying late at work too. I do not have a support group where I live. All my friends and family are two states away. 

On July 3rd, I made attempt #1 for suicide. We had been out drinking and returned home around midnight. We got into an argument about something (can't recall). I snapped. Every feeling, every emotion - too overwhelming to contain my actions. I opened the balcony door and climbed over the railing. I was half way over when my partner grabbed me and wrestled me back inside. I can still remember how fast my heart was beating and I can still hear his breathing as he held me in his arms. I ended up passing out from exhaustion and had a major hangover the next day. 

Attempt #2 was last night. No alcohol involved this time. My triggering event was realizing that my partner may never understand how I am feeling. All the same feelings above rushed back. I had spoken to him about how I would try next time by cutting my right wrist since I am left hand dominant. I locked myself in our guest bedroom, where I knew the razor knife was. I sat in front of the door to brace it. I contemplated how I would proceed with my plan - lay a towel over the carpet, grab the razor, and cut vertically. Just as I finished out the details of my plan in my head, my partner was able to unlock the door and lift me off the ground. He had stopped me again. 

I am now en route to my Mom's place to hopefully receive support. He is currently on a business trip. I fear being alone now. I have become very unpredictable and unstable with containing my emotions. My partner barely speaks to me now. I can only imagine the shock he is going through as well. I worry that I am pushing him away. Losing him would be the last straw to want to stay here. I just dont know how to express that without getting all flustered or suicidal. Any feedback is appreciated. Thanks for listening Reddit.  