Circling the DrainSo now I'm down to one or maybe two months left to find work or get tossed out of my apartment.

I check regularly for jobs that are well suited to me and apply when I can. My resume looks kickass and my cover letters are generally very well written. I've gotten good feedback from people about them.

I am lonely as shit too. No close friends left. Women aren't really interested in me. There's always some little detail that isn't perfect and they just exit stage left. Maybe slowly, maybe politely, but who are they kidding.

Who ever said exercise if a cure for depression is an asshole. If I could exercise my woes away then I certainly wouldn't be here venting. This shit is just stabbing me in the chest from the inside.

To make matters worse, my sleeping problem is acting up again and I'm currently waking up in the afternoon. Setting my alarm earlier is pointless because I wake up, turn it off, feel shitty, so I roll back over and escape the shitty feeling with sleep.

I hate it when people look down their noses at me because I am not close with my family, meanwhile they have great families that treat them like a person. I don't talk to mine anymore because they never acknowledged me as an individual with my own personality, instead of just an extension of who they were.

I hate that I have to eat everyday, even when I really don't feel like it. When I don't I just end up feeling worse. I hate having to shower everyday, even when I've done nothing but sit in a chair or lie in bed. I hate that I live in a world that expects me to have to drive a car and I am bless with the good fortune to have anxiety attacks whenever I am in a car, even as a passenger. Yeah, no thanks.

I wish I had the energy to act out violently so I could vent all this rage I feel inside. Typing doesn't really do it for me.

I wish I could just turn myself off and die in my sleep. I think of all sorts of clever ways that I might be able to pull it off without having to resort to something painful. Like I don't feel bad enough already.

Fuck all these employers that want super hyper energetic enthusiastic outgoing people. How the fuck can I muster all that energy to put on a show when I can barely get up in the morning. Lucky me, coffee gives me migraines. I drink green tea all day and it doesn't seem to have any result on my energy level.

2:30am and I'm wide awake, pissed off, and worried that I'm not going to find work. What's worse is that every job I've ever had I was a better worker than everyone else around and got praised for it. Doesn't seem to amount to much of anything.

I don't know why I bother to keep trying. The only things I have left to look forward to are the next good movies or TV show. More escapes from a dreary reality.

Oh yeah, it's truly fucking awesome that posts made in this subreddit actually get downvoted.