Not cut out for this lifeI would like to start by just providing a little information about myself. I am a 24 yo male. In January, I broke up with my boyfriend of 5 years. Now I've been in a different relationship for a few months and everything is going very well with him. We are talking about moving in together too. I graduated at 22 with a bachelor's degree - major in psychology and minors in child development and family studies.

After which, I went to a different University to attend their master of social work program that Fall. After two months I dropped out because it just wasn't right. I was having a lot of anxiety about the coursework and the actual duties of a social worker - namely the counseling side of things, which was my original goal for attending the program.

So the following semester I took a semester of online courses in accounting at a community college. It went well and I decided to go back to the same University I started the MSW with to pursue a bachelor's in accounting. This seemed like a good plan because I was living with my brother in an apartment at the time (because the thought of living with a random roommate terrifies me). However, when I started classes in the summer I felt very overwhelmed and anxious and unsure about whether I wanted to be in accounting. I dropped out before the end of the first week.

Then I didn't work for a while before I got a job as a pharmacy technician, which I quit after 3 weeks due to feeling overwhelmed and anxious. I ended up getting another job as a tech at a different pharmacy where I was able to work for 6 months.

After this I decided to go to grad school so I quit my job and moved after getting accepted to the computer science program (I have a 3.93 gpa). Of course, I started getting overwhelmed and anxious and ended up switching to the administration program before dropping out entirely (before even starting) and taking courses at the local community college for accounting again. They seem to be going alright. I just finished week 2 of classes. I also took an objectively amazing job at the secretary of state office as a student assistant getting paid more than I ever have. And guess how that went... I quit on day 3.


I guess I don't really want to kill myself, but I do secretly hope to get hit by a meteor or a Mac truck or simply not wake up tomorrow. I suppose I have always felt like this, but it was bearable without the pressures of society. I struggle to fit in anywhere. I can't handle pressure to perform but I also get bored and can't stand having to work at a job that I find so boring for 40 hours a week.

I don't know what to do. I've got another job prospect coming up at a bank. The interview went really well. I was optimistic that I could handle it but now I just don't know.

As the title says, I feel like I'm not cut out for this life - aside from being gay, maybe I'd be better off if I were born 200 years ago. Does anyone have any advice for me or thoughts about my situation?
