Can't deal with my past life and my failures, and the idea of being "crazy"25 yrs male. My life was always hard. My mother fighted with my father almost everyday (arguments, physical, etc). My mother was this kinda of extreme anxious and agressive personality. (she is basically an stereotype of a uptight 18th century religious woman, I don't know how to describe it, but she's extremely passive-agressive and complains about everything all the time, but in a toxic, destroying way)

My father was an schizophrenic guy with an drug addiction that beat my mother sometimes, but I actually always will love him more than her, because he never vent up his frustrations in me. He treated me like a human even when he was a drug addict.

My mother always treated me like a dog, or just an entity that she has to take care off. She fed me, but always treated me like shit, and always complained of everything. You can never reach her standard of living and doing stuff, she always called me "mad", "retarded" because I had anxiety. I always felt like i was crazy in school and isolated myself, and I had fear of talking to other people, she only made me hate myself.

I don't know if people will understand how damaging this is. Imagine feeling all your life like you was a sick person, everybody calling you crazy, retarded, acting like you are a child, or that you don't have any feelings.

Also she forced me to go to her church (she basically make me feel guilty, i dont know how) to go with everyone.

When I was 17 I met a girl in school, She was like me, and she liked me, but she had a boyfriend and she played games with me. One day she would notice me, and the other she didn't even looked at me.

I suffered for 4 years for that, because I thought nobody liked me anymore, and she never would come back. She never even responded me on nothing.

I hate myself, because i can't even write my feelings, and nobody is like me. I've never even dated, or had friends, or even kissed a woman. I think of killing myself everyday, because even if my life gets better, I will always be the loser 25 years old that never dated, never did something wild or fun, and wasted his life, thinking he was mad and retarded.

I feel myself so old, and I did nothing. My 18 years old wont come back, i will die, without knowing and enjoying that age.

I know it sounds silly, but I always wnted to have a rock band, or do music, but I feel likei don't deserve this, because everybody will know that I am an retarded making songs, I will never be cool or respected because I am an 25 years loser, and I will always be, and people will see.