Im reaching outAt work, I feel like a baby sitter. I'm constantly cleaning up after my coworkers, constantly feeling like management just wants me to be replaceable cog in their machine, like all the work I do doesn't matter at all. Im more experienced than most of my coworkers, I'm more knowledgeable about what we're doing, and it's because most people don't last 6 months in my department, it's a high stress environment and I'm tired being simultaneously the one that puts out fires and also totally replaceable.

My girlfriend, who I love with all my damn heart, is diagnosed bipolar and it causes some strain. For the most part I can handle it, but when she gets angry at me her response is usually to shut me out of her life until she's ready to talk. She won't pick up the phone, reply to messages, she won't even read my messages. Usually it's only until late at night or the next day, but it's been going on since Saturday night. She told me she's coming over tonight (we have plans with friends tomorrow), I asked if she was still mad, she said yes. I asked if she would tell me why, she said no. 

It hurts so much when she cuts me out, i hate it and it triggers a lot of pain and depression inside of me for the duration. But I've learned that when she gets upset she needs space and time, I've had to learn patience. 

Ive dealt with depression for longer than I can really remember. I had my first suicidal thoughts at 6 years old, I don't even know why. 

Oh and I have diagnosis' from when I was a kid that are still relevant to me (OCD and ODD primarily), but recently it's been brought up by people more knowledgeable in the subject than I am that I might have ASD that was masqueraded as other conditions so my entire sense of identity has been destroyed.

All in all I've been in a dark place lately, and today all of it came to a head. 

Ive had lots of suicidal thoughts but never a plan, today I caught myself genuinely thinking about how I'd do it if I were to do it tonight. I caught myself starting to form a plan. Stopped it then, but its still a scary step.

I'll level with you, I'm not going to call any numbers, I'm not going to talk to anyone close to me about this, I'm just vent about it here, and try to move on.