some phenomena that keep me goingthis is my second time posting here and apologies in advance if my grammar and spelling is off. i'll probably delete this when i feel like it. once again pressure from peers, superiors, and relatives build up again. im still struggling with online classes. i know im not the person i was yesterday. i seem to have gotten worse as the days pass by. and i can clearly see it in myself. i would rather sit at my table and study than get up and take a proper shower. back to what i was here for, im still having contemplations of how im gonna go. i don't have an exact plan in mind like i did before. i just know that death is the last resort. it'll be an escape from this place i live in and the experiences i experience. but aside from the bad experiences, there are some that i can actuallu feel calm with.  hence the title of this post. 

freshman year of highschool was a dark time for me. simply because i had just moved from my hometown to a place i know little of. my friends back at home have been with me for most of my childhood and elementary years. they were a second family that didn't look down on me for such simple mistakes. people in the city where i studied high school at spoke a different dialect. i could only communicate in english for some time. even while i was alone and aware that these people saw me as an outsider, small acts kept me going. acts such as lending an eraser or a correction pen gave me a ray of hope that i will eventually get along well with them in a way similar to my friends back at home. even when i was sinking deeper and deeper into a state of where nothing mattered, when a classmate greeted me a good morning, i would lighten up a bit and nod or greet them back. it was as if they knew my situation and was helping me in a small way. that's just an as if though, for the rest of the day they would spend their time with their friend group and i would be sitting on my chair reading a book or trying to catch up on lessons. i don't know why such small acts can make a person like me happy. 

they mean nothing to the person who directed them so why does it have such an impact on me? heck, even a baby smiling at me at 7-11 was enough to make me smile a bit. even  an upperclassman asking me if i would like to go ahead in line made me felt acknowledged . and even a classmate asking me a simple favor made me feek important to someone. acts like these are the reason why im still here searching even more for an answer to such emotions. thank you for being here.