I feel guilty for being this depressed. I shouldn't be. Just lonely and lacking friends.Fuck it, I don't even care about using a throwaway.

My life seems great on the outside. Good grades at a top major at a top school. Wonderful girlfriend, good home life, healthy.

I hate myself. I've lost all my friends. Partially because I was dumb and made mistakes.

A few months ago, campus went crazy because of a rape accusation that opened the floodgates to more accusations. That original accusation turned out to be completely untrue.

Friends found me getting head from a girl at a party about a week after that. Told me I was taking advantage of her, she was drunk, etc. They were angry that I was doing something risky like that. Wasn't my first time being dumb and risky.

Friends abandoned me.

The organization that I was in that was hosting the party kicked me out.

Fuck. They overreacted, yeah, but I should've known. I should've just, I don't know, thought about it before. Should've realized that with the campus the way it was, anything sexual would've been wrong.

My hands aren't clean. I've made mistakes too, because I fucked up and was sometimes overbearing and awkward around girls.

My self esteem was shit because I couldn't get girls. That's why I was willing to do anything with anyone. Now I have a girlfriend who's wonderful, but I have no friends. She lives far away from me, so I only get to see her twice a month.

I don't know. I feel so fucking lonely right now. I hate my roommates. I hate myself. I fucking hate that bitch who made up an accusation and ruined my life without ever meeting me.

I try and go lift, but 24/7 I am lonely. That feeling just doesn't leave. It comes back between every set.

I fucking hate college. I'm just fucking angry - at myself, at feminism, at everything that has the slightest bearing on that perfect storm that fucked everything up.

But I'm not poor, I'm fucking lucky. I'm not in a third world shithole, my family is upper middle class... I hate feeling that I have no real reason to be this depressed.

I had people that I would've taken a bullet for. And they turned their backs on me. I feel like I can't blame them because they put up with my shit for too long.

If it wasn't for my girlfriend, I would've jumped off a roof already.

I feel like I have nothing to look forward to.

Every day is just like adding weight onto my mind and body, it just gets heavier and harder to get up in the mornings.