I’m not importantThis probably just going to be a rant but whatever. I’ve been through some shit I’m not talking light “ooo I want to die cause he didn’t like me” kind of shit. I mean fuckn abused physically and emotionally type of shit. I’m not trying to play down any one else’s struggles but if you come at me with I know what ur going through and I’ve been down that road.  You have no fuckn idea what’s it’s like for me on a daily fuckn basis to live and keep living. I’m just saying you don’t know what I’ve seen in my life, you haven’t walked in my shoes.  Also I know a lot of people have it worse than me.  

But anyways what I was going to rant about is I take meds for ptsd depression anxiety and some other health stuff.  My mother thinks those pills solve everything in my life, like I’m going to be the happy kid I was when I was little, like I’m good, I’m okay. Sometimes yeah I am happy but it doesn’t last long. Those pills are only to keep my emotions a bit more balanced and even. So I’m not going to kill or snap at someone every 5 secs. She doesn’t seem to understand that I can be depressed or wanting to kill myself when I’m on my pills.  It’s not some miracle drug that fixes all the problems.  I can be mad or upset when I’m on them.  Every time I get upset she comes at me like “did you take your pills.” Mom can you just stop. I told you again and again that I can be un happy when I’m on my pills   But no she doesn’t get it. Tbh I’ve never really been completely honest about how I feel with my mom. Whenever I’ve tried she just starts crying and saying “I’m so sorry, it’s my fault” like not everything is about you   Yes you did do some of the shut that got me fucked up in the head but it’s not all about you.  I’ve comforted you more times then I can count because your do much of a baby do go ask for help.  And right now I’m stuck I’m quarantined with her.  Hey I get along with my mom just okay but she doesn’t know when to shut up.  

Speaking of which this self isolation shit has for me really really fucked up.  I like to be alone sometimes and have me time but i can’t be stuck inside all the fuckn time.  With nothing to fuckn do other then just listening to my mother bark out chores or go on my phone.   All my so called friends aren’t answering me oh correction they do answer just don’t want to keep the conversation going.  But hey I have no idea if they are mad at me or not cause they won’t fuckn talk to me so fuck that am I right. You know this whole self isolation bull shit has taught me a old lesson that I forgot. Don’t give a shit about anyone. Just don’t care.  Be alone it’s much easier this way. They don’t care about you.  You try and reach out but you get nothing so fuck them. I used to live by this and I’m going to be honest I was much happier then before now  so I think I’m just going to shut them out again.  I’m not someone’s fuckn toy where you can just throw me where ever you want.  Remember kids. You are the only one you can count on in this world to get your shit done and take care of you. 

So end of rant conclusion is that I want to die and I hate everyone. Also if you made it this far and want to hit me up for a chat then just do it.  As much of the last paragraph makes me sound like an asshole, I can be a okay person to talk with.