Need advice about two peopleThere are two college friends I have that said things that hurt me...

In the start, it seemed that we would be friends for a long time, but slowly they started to turn more abusive...

Both of them gave me advice in the past, but being honest, I didn't listen to some of it... I guess they got pissed off because of that.

Last semester, they told me a ton of stuff they didn't like about me (that I'm condescendant, annoying, childish, inmature, toxic and so on), I told them that I'd try to change... 

Later in that semester, for a while, we had a What's App group, and one of them used to kick me out and in of that group a lot of time... I told him that I didn't like that, but he kept doing so.

At the start of this semester, I thought things were calming down but... One of them has an explosive temper, he told me he was pissed off because I couldn't go to the cinema with him, when I told him I couldn't because we had two dinners (one in my uncle's house and one of mine), and I forgot about the dinners until my mom told me after I told him I could go... But he was angry about that.

Recently, he said he was angry with me because I always put down his ideas, but I wanted mine to be heard (I told him that something about a fanfic wasn't a good idea, and gave him some reasons about that). I told him to stop taking everything personally, and then he said: "No offense, but fuck you".

I told him to stop doing that, and that I didn't like it, and he said: "I'm going to do it as many times as I have to".

The other guy... At Friday he said something that shocked me off.

We were at class, and I was checking out my phone, when he asked whom I was talking to, I told him it was one of my best friends, and he said that I was talking to my boyfriend.

I told him that we were only friends, but then he quoted this:

"Well, you don't seem to like women, and you get excited when you see his messages."

Then I said: "Yeah, but he's only my best friend."

Then he said: "You could ask him to dress like a woman to kiss with him".

I got shocked and didn't know how to respond.

Then after we were leaving class he asked me to go with him to buy a pair of headphones, and I told him that I couldn't because I was going to see my friend, and he said:

"But dude, why are you going to see someone who just talks to you because of sex, when I could be your friend until the end of your life."

I told him that I didn't like that prank, but he said: "I'm not joking around."

I told my best friend what happened today, and he told me that he's going to my college to beat the crap to him for what he said.

I was planning to talk with those two tomorrow, because I think they crossed a line they shouldn't have crossed.

I don't understand, really... I'm kind with them, I help them with their homework, I support them, I try to understand them but... They're always rude and make jokes to put me down...