ChokingI'm a university student in my last year. I have coasted my way through thus far, only earning decent marks because I have a bit of an affinity for the work, I guess. I don't try very hard. Whenever I tell myself I'm going to change and really start working, I just return to the holding pattern of distracted effort and fucking around most of the term in a matter of days. Angered by my inability to commit, I cut myself off from other responsibilities so I can focus, which ultimately leads to more empty time. I disrespect my professors, my peers, and my parents with my behavior and the fact I am graduating soon is just the bandage over a disgrace of a lifetime.
I drink most nights. What is worse is the nights I don't drink I can't stop thinking about how great it would be to have a beer or two, just to relax. I think about it until I go to sleep. I have to try my hardest not to give in. I failed tonight.

The world doesn't seem real. When I try to talk to people I feel like a monkey putting on a brief act, hoping to conjure a favorable response, so that I can get on with the more important things in my life - things I can never seem to name, outside of drinking, driving around in my car (not at the same time), or playing guitar in my basement. Even seeing friends seems like a chore to be accomplished with as little effort as possible, to save up for that unnameable act that truly matters. 

Nowadays I get so afraid sometimes that I lose my ability to think. I just stop what I am doing and find a place to sit and put my head in my hands. I can hear static in my head and want to scream but I don't want anyone to know anything. I'll pace around a long time until I resolve to accomplish something, anything, which is of course left undone and my frustration with myself only builds - but at least it takes away the noise and the paralysis.

My whole life seems like a long lie, verbosely told to a lot of kind, caring people who deserve much better than my falsehoods have ever given them. Deep in my heart, I think myself so much better than other people, and no matter how hard I try I can never uproot that principle, with the result that I am an absolutely intolerable piece of shit. I can only control my emotions to the extent it will profit me; the instant I have built up some goodwill with someone, I will milk it for all its worth, only paying heed to how I hurt them when I am alone, screaming at myself for my cruelty but falling prey to the same temptation shortly thereafter. 

I think I am one of the worst people to have ever lived. I have no desire to hurt others but I seem to everyday, out of excessive interest in myself. I want to cut my wrists but I don't want anyone to cry, so I try to keep going. But it's just a bullshit front. I want to disappear. 