If not for my cat, I'd probably be dead either now or in the very near future.I had a good career, then lost it because I had a medical condition that went undiagnosed for nine months, and my absences from work because of it of course weren't covered by FMLA or anything due to none of the five different doctors I saw believing that something was wrong with me even though I turned out to be right in knowing exactly what it was and had the family history to support that... I'm getting divorced from someone I thought loved me and that I would spend my life with, turned out she was just selfish and refused to help me or do anything for me that I needed her to... 

 I'm fighting to get my job back, but I know it isn't going to happen. I tried to get a job in my field elsewhere, and have been waiting to hear back for weeks. I finally just heard back, and they said no. I don't know what I'm going to do with my life, I don't have the money to be able to go back to college for anything, and I can't find any other work in my field that pays enough to make a decent living and is hiring. Even if I could, I doubt I'd be considered since I got fired from my last job, regardless of the reason. I'm almost out of my antidepressants, it's $300 a month without insurance, and obviously I don't have that any more now, either... I feel like a total failure and that I have no hope for anything good to come from my life and I don't want to just keep failing for the rest of my days. 

I have no friends, really, just only maybe 2-3 people I chat with on occasion online. Nobody in real life, and don't even play video games with anyone, which is basically my only hobby. I have my parents and brother, but being on good terms with them only makes me feel worse, like I'm just a disappointment and that I'm never going to amount to doing anything that would make them proud. 

The only good thing I can really say for sure that I have is my cat. I love that little shit like no other. He always greets me when I get home, spends a lot of time curled up on my lap, sleeps with me on my bed at night, and is just the sweetest little guy I could've ever asked for. I can't leave him. I could leave everyone else behind without too much regret, but I could never abandon him. Hell, as I'm sitting here bawling like I haven't done in ages, he perked up from wherever he was napping and came to comfort me. I'm his human and he adores me. He wouldn't understand, and that would just shatter what little heart I have left right now. 

I don't know what else to say, what to do, or what I'm going to do with my life, but if you actually read through this random jumble of bullshit... Thanks? I do sincerely hope that your life is going better than mine.