I was debating with myself whether I should post this or not, but might as well.I should start off by saying that I came out of severe depression and anxiety several months ago this year due to a pretty fucked mindset and self-esteem that didn't even exist. During that time, I had attempted suicide a total of 21 times, of which one time would have actually worked if I hadn't stopped it. I went to therapy and all, got better, got into a healthier mindset that helps me out a whole lot, but now I don't really know.

Now, I'm not usually suicidal anymore; I get a few thoughts here and there but I manage to dismiss them and move on, but today it just hit me. I realised that people may give a shit if I actually killed myself, but only then would I truly get acknowledged by my friends. You see, I'm usually the type of guy now that tries to give others support and therapeutical advice, and help them feel better, but when it comes to myself, I can't always make myself realise half the things I say to others.

For a few years now, I've always been the type of guy that you might often call a "wimp" because I'm sometimes standoffish, an introvert, and don't really like getting a lot of attention. Personally I think I'm open-minded, but today I tried to be all funny and slightly flirtatious with a friend from my school, but realise that she literally does not give a shit about me; if she does show any signs of doing so, it's either just saying "Oh wait, where's \[Aeriable\]?" or just simply saying hi to me after everyone else has left. 

This further led me to evaluate (I may be overthinking this but w/e) what type of role I play in my friend group. If you haven't figured it out by now, I'm mostly irrelevant. I'm never really included in big events or invited over to anyone's house, even though I'm somewhat chatty and have a laugh, or I shut up as if I'd taken an oath to never speak again in my life, though I am also generally socially awkward and don't know how to keep a conversation going for more than like 10 seconds at most. 

With that being said, over the course of this month, I've had some suicidal thoughts, and realistically, more than I would like to have. Today after I came back home I plummeted onto my sofa and laid there for a good 20 minutes without even realising how much time had passed. I'd thought about my life and place in my friend group, and ironically enough, I've told myself the same thing as I did back when I was in depression - "Literally no one would give a shit if I killed myself. If anything, they'd get over it within a matter of months.", which did cause me to tear up a bit. 

Generally, I am a big nerd especially when it comes to English/Literature, or science (I am in Triple Science, a specialised and more advanced UK science course). I do also try my best to focus on my academic life as well, which generally goes decently and all but then I just end up getting 6s (Bs in UK's GCSE system) and nothing higher, and yet by the end of secondary school I expect myself to achieve all A's, A+'s and B's so that I can get into a medicine course and start my career as a doctor? Right, as if. I only got a 7 (A) in chemistry once, while all my other friends effortlessly get all A's and A+'s, which makes me feel rather dumb, and yet even more irrelevant and useless than I already do. It only leads me to genuinely believe that I will always be the beta male and will back down to something because I don't have enough self esteem for it, leading me to believe that suicide is a way of solving this, even though I always tell everyone else that it isn't, because it's the pain they want to end, not their life.

I don't know if any of what I just typed out made sense, but hopefully you understood. Do your thing, Reddit.