College DepressionI just feel like I need to get this off of my chest. I'm sorry it's so long, you don't have to burden yourself to read it. 

I've never been diagnosed with depression, but i've also never seen a doctor for this subject either but i'm  assuming i'm just whining. That's what my parents tell me anyways.

I'm 20, just turned in april actually. For as long as I can remember i've always had terrible testing anxiety and that's where the majority of my sadness comes from. I was always held to a high standard by my parents because I was supposedly the "smart" child who was going to do something with her life.

My mother has one other daughter, she's 28, she dropped out of college, had a kid, but she's doing fairly well for herself. My dad however only has me. He's always pushed me to strive for greatness, and I always try so hard. When I got to highschool I got my first bad marks on test grades and I was devastated because my father was so disappointed in me.

I tried so hard to fight my anxiety and do my best. I never wanted to feel like i'm a disappointment to my father ever again. I graduated HS with honors.

Then I started college in Fall of 2016. My sadness, anxiety, etc got increasingly worse. I had thought about suicide in HS all the time. I walked out in front of a car one day, but my friend pulled me back. I used to self harm, I've since stopped that but I still get the urges.

Anyways, i've never failed a whole class until I got to college. I was planning on being a doctor, but I failed a class, made 2 D's and the majority of my other classes I had C's. My GPA dropped drastically to a 1.9 and My dad was once again disappointed in me and I wanted to just end it all. Then my second semester of my Sophomore year started and this was my chance to turn my life around. I was getting good grades throughout the semester and I was fine. In fact I made an A on two of my finals so far. But then I got my Philosophy final back.

I failed it. I'm on academic probation already, now i'm going to lose my scholarship. The school is probably going to make me sit out for a semester or a year. I know as soon as I tell my father this he's going to be so disappointed in his daughter and I don't know if I can take that again. 

I was so positive that i was going to pass this final, I studied my ass off for it. Ever since I saw that i'm most likely going to fail the course, all I can think about is my father's disappointed face. I hate it. 

I hate life. I just want to end myself. I never want him to have to be disappointed in his daughter. I'm a failure, I hate myself, I can't do anything right. I don't want him to hate me, but all I do is disappoint him. I just want it all to end. I wish I was never born, I wish that he didn't have to deal with his disappointment of a daughter.

I'm sorry it's so long. 