I feel stuckNot sure if anyone will see this, but over the years, I've felt more and more inclined to just end it all. Sometimes I wish I didn't have a mother who cared so deeply for me, so if I wanted to end it, no one would be hurt. But she loves me so much and it brings me so much guilt to even feel this way. (Which also just exacerbates the want to end it, making it an endless loop of guilt) I've told her several times I don't want to be alive and it brings her to tears every time because this is not what she wanted for my life. She is such an amazing, loving mother, who wants me to flourish in everything I do and just be the happy, bubbly little girl I once was. Yet, I'm just a depressed mess, who doesn't want to be around anymore. My life is just fine. I'm a middle class citizen with a great paying job for my age with my whole life ahead of me; which I don't want to be around for. I just lost my only friend to a stupid argument we had a few nights ago and he's an avid Reddit user, who probably will not see this, nor care if he did. I have nobody now. I've always been depressed on and off, but it's gotten worse and worse over several years. I feel like I don't want to go to therapy because I know exactly what is wrong with my life. Which, funilly enough, is honestly nothing, except the fact I simply do not wish to live anymore. Not trying to have a big head here, but everyone I meet loves me because I am outgoing, funny, and can sometimes be cute. And I honestly am genuine with everyone I meet. When I'm around people, I feel happy and almost back to my old self - if they only knew how I truly felt, they would be extremely shocked because I get endless compliments on how positive and energetic I am. But I can push away my depression for the sake of my job, being that I'm in the service industry. Yet, every night, I fantasize about the beauty and peace of not being alive anymore. No more stress. I feel even worse for nothing even being remotely wrong with my life. Honestly, I wanted so much more for me. I feel terrible for that little girl I once was. I feel like I've let myself down tremendously. It's beyond reason to me now. I am comfortable with how I perceive death and I welcome it with open arms. It actually *brings me peace to think about it* I am more afraid of living than dying. I will never have the guts to go through with anything, solely for my mother's sanity. I may do it when she passes, though. That's kind of been my game plan for a while now. I only stick around for her. She would be heart broken for the rest of her life if I left. Random side note: I'm at my boyfriend's right now. He's asleep in bed and I'm on the couch because I can't sleep. He doesn't know I feel this way. I'm my usual self around him and he has no earthly idea about how I feel because I am afraid he will be immediately unnatracted to me and leave me. I don't want that, he's so great and is pushing me to get my GED and further my education. He is an extreme go-getter. So I hide it and cry when I'm at my own house or when he's asleep. I found this sub earlier today, so I figure why not get my story out here, even if no one reads it. I'm not looking for attention. Honestly, I don't know what I'm looking for on here. Maybe a friend. I don't do well alone, which, ironically, I prefer to be. Except for when I am around my boyfriend. My head is one giant (excuse my French) *mindfuck*. To put it into a lack of a better expression, I feel like I'm in the middle of the ocean, being dragged down further and further. Right when I'm about to lose the last of my oxygen and die.. I come up for air and continue to struggle to keep myself afloat. It. Is. Never. Ending. I've come to terms with the fact I feel this way and am quite comfortable with it. It is no longer shocking to me. I'm just very uneasy with the fact that I have to live with how I feel for the rest of the time I am alive, however long that shall be. I feel like I'm not smart at all. Everybody believes in me, but myself. I don't have the drive and ambition to do better with my life. Call it lazy or whatever you'd like, but I think I've just given up. I have a conflicting voice in my head that says that's just silly and I can do whatever I want. Problem is, I don't want to do the work. It will be tiring and stressful. Most people would call that bum-ish or lazy. I feel like I am simply not meant for this life. The world is becoming more and more fucked up. I used to want a family, but now I second guess myself because I don't want to bring kids into a collapsing society. Or fear that they might have the same feelings in their life that I am having now. I wouldn't wish that on my worst enemy. I don't know, reddit. I'm just a giant ball of depression, anxiety, occasional euphoria, and general discomfort. Thanks for reading. I hope someone may reach out to me. I'm not afraid to make it known I want someone to talk to. Anyways, I hope you all have a great night/morning.