The other day, as I was crossing the street, I almost got hit by a car I didn't see - and I'm extremely upset that I didn't get hitThis is my first post here. I feel so guilty about writing because I don't have the mental energy to stick around here and try to give back the kindness and encouragement I am desperately hoping to receive, but still.

I've been wishing to die for a very long time, but I haven't attempted anything serious yet because I always try to "hang in there", as they say, and because I'm both afraid of failing at it and suffering permanent damage, and of a possible afterlife - the remnants of a catholic upbringing which I really wish I didn't have. The other day I almost died. I crossed the street without looking, without even thinking about it, and this car swerved and stopped. The driver was going quite fast. I did not feel relief in realising I was still alive. I felt nothing, but pain and despair because I was so close to dying without even noticing, and I didn't.

I can't afford therapy, no family members are good enough or mentally healthy enough to help and my "friend" today snapped at me while I was trying my absolute hardest to ask for support. Apparently I'm unreasonable for asking whether she had five minutes to spare rather than just unloading on her my suicidal wishes, go figure.

I tried to ask for help some days ago on another subreddit but, honestly, the answers weren't really what I was hoping for. I don't know where I'm going with this, the post is all over the place, I keep crying because of the despair I feel and because the "friend" actually kept breaking my heart over and over and a part of me feels like it's well deserved, so yeah.

I'm lost. I'm not going to do anything to myself tonight, I think, but it feels tempting. I only wish to have some kind words that are not empty. I know you all are strangers with your own issues, but I lurked for a while and people seemed nice here - it's why I feel so guilty for not being able to give anything back. I'm supposed to be studying but I just can't, a job with the COVID situation is out of the question right now and to be honest I don't really see the point. I'm 24 and living my life as if I'm going to die very soon. Nothing matters.

I wish to die because I'm never happy and I also wish it wasn't so. I don't even know what I'm asking at this point, just... Please, be kind. Even a corny heart emoji will do I guess.