My mind works in strange ways.It's hard to put into words how I feel. That's mainly because it's a complicated situation. All I know for sure is that my mind doesn't work right. It can't even tell whether or not it wants to go on and live, or just shut off and die, all quiet like. Maybe it wants to scream and bleed until it unmakes something critical and falls apart. It already feels like the unraveling noose in my drawer. Hell, last night I fluctuated between crying, laughing, crying and laughing, screaming, gagging, spitting and drooling, and pummeling my head. It hurts though. My meds aren't helping. My therapy is honestly laughable. I know I need to think more positively; that's why I'm IN therapy. I can't tell whether or not it's the unrequited love that broke me, if it's the isolation, the lack of purpose or achievement, or what, but I'm broken. Some part of me died long ago, the part that could be happy. Now, all that's left are the festering remains of his corpse; the physical remains decaying in the playground, waiting to scare kids into a life of PTSD and sleepless nights. My emotions are the worst. I can't trust myself; I'm a man with ulterior motives, hidden to the world, yes, but also to himself. That's a fundamental truth. I feel wrong in everything I do, isolated and wrong. Evil is one way to describe it, but broken is better. I can't trust myself on just about anything. All I know is that I love someone, but the situation means that won't work. And maybe for the better. Myself cannot and will not be made happy by Myself, so how could I even dream of making her happy? I can't. I won't. I need to be a little braver, just need a little ounce, a speck, of bravery, and I can make her situation so much easier. I can remove what makes the situation complicated for her. I can remove myself; I've already served my purpose to her. I've given her a book, I've given her a place to stay when her situation gets dire. That's all she needs from me, and hopefully all she wants. I still have her hairpin though; she left it here when she crashed at my place. It's long, thin, and black. I could make a joke there, but I won't. Anyways, if I do end up mustering the courage and killing myself, I want that returned to her. Maybe my family or some investigative authority will find my post and read it, and give it back to her. That's all I can hope for.

Anyways, I'm gonna quit my tirade now. If someone does find this, or if she reads it herself, make sure she knows I hope she enjoys the book I gave her. It's a good read. A bit long winded, but it's a whole lotta fun. If you wanna read it, it's called Blood Meridian. It's about a teenage boy named The Kid who joins a band of scalp hunters in the Texas-Mexico territory. They progressively descend into degeneracy and violence, and are led by a violent man named Glanton and the enigmatic, shadowy figure only known as The Judge. Check it out if you like westerns, or like a really violent, gruesome read.