Am I really depressed? (Long) (No suicide risk, go help people who need it more)Just saying beforehand, I have BPD, so that's a big playing factor. And I believe both my Avoidant Personality Disorder and Dependent Personality Disorders are what cause a majority of my confusion.

I've also never actually fully gone through with any of my suicide plans, and most likely never will, which is another thing confusing me. Like, am I actually depressed, or am I just threatening suicide for more attention? 

Anyways, I tend to flaunt my depression around, because still being here is the only thing that makes me feel a little strong. It's the only thing that i'm actually proud of. And i'm scared to leave this area. The more depressed I am, the stronger I feel, but I may be misconstruing that, and i'm actually trying to drag myself deeper so that I can make more people miserable.

I've been told that i'm manipulative. All the bad things that people have said about me, I remember, and then I constantly search for evidence of those in the things I say. And when you're watching out for hundreds of things every time you type a simple message, it gets stressful...

**Anyways, let's get into this stream\-of\-consciousness piece of shit.**

I'm 16, and I honestly don't know if i'm depressed, or an asshole. Sometimes I say i'm lost, misunderstood, confused, scared, alone, and going through something worse than anyone ever has. I say I look towards other people to help me with problems that I can't solve myself. I say that, when i'm threatening suicide, i'm doing it as a cry for help, because it's the only way I know how to properly convey what i'm feeling. I say I don't kill myself because i'm scared of what may meet me on the other side.

Other times, I tell myself that i'm not going through anything serious. I say that the reason that so many people have ghosted me isn't because of how depressed I am, but because of what a shitty person I am. I say that i'm a leech and use other people's altruism to make myself feel better, before leaving them in the gutter. I tell myself that my suicide threats are just ways to squeeze more attention out of people, since I never plan on actually going through with them.

I've been told that i'm too young to actually be depressed, that I joke about suicide, that i'm a horrible, manipulative person, that I lie, that suicide is just a permanent solution for a temporary problem. I've been told that i'm so young that I have no experience, that people are going through worse, that I should get over the past, that i've put no thought into what I say or how I act, and to pay attention to the people who are REALLY going through shit. I've been told that the only way out of my situation is to hoof it out, or man up and solve my problems myself. All that bs.

I used to be an altruist \(If that's even a word\). I'm an INFJ\-T, and I used to give my life away to help others. I think how this all started was being taken advantage of. I'd help people, they'd throw their problems onto me, say that I didn't help them at all, and then they'd block me on all forms of contact. Left alone with these problems and feelings of inadequacy, I became this. I had all the positivity sucked out of me, and now i'm terrified of doing the same to others, so much so that that negative suggestion has actually turned me into what I fear. Or maybe i'm just helplessly searching for a way out.

I have no\-one to talk to about these things. Not family nor a therapist or even friends. I can't get any help except people on the internet, because I can't stress out my mother any more. I can't call a hotline, because I know that other people need it more. All i'd be doing is clogging up a spot. 

I tell people i'm a bad person because I look towards others for validation that I don't give myself, and when i'm told i'm a bad person, that's all I believe. So I warn everyone I meet. But then, when I have depressive episodes, all those raw, unexplained emotions and hopeless justifications are looked upon with hostile and malicious judgement, and makes people think that I really am a bad person. It perpetuates a cycle where i'm misunderstood.

I just don't really know anymore. I push my problems onto others, without them asking, in an attempt to find some reason why I am the way I am. Because I can't find it out myself. And I know that i'll never go through with any suicide plans, but I still say them constantly. Am I just scared? Or am I really just a leech? Am I, just because that's all i've been told I am? If I am, then why don't I just do one good thing with my life, and make the world a little better by cutting off said leech? I'm confused and really just need answers...