Will the family get my payoff after my death?I got a job very recently, not even a month passed, thats why Im asking. I turned 20 at the beginning of July and the very same day I went to local factory to see if they would hire me. And they did. I was without job for almost two years now, I finished school and passed all the exams around April and May. I thought that getting a job would be a huge step in my struggle with depression, which is going on for 5 years now. I dont see any point in my existence, I dont believe in any gods or afterlife. I wanted to be able to buy stuff that would make me happier at least for a moment. But I was wrong. Job is only making me more and more depressed and stressed out. I still cant afford anything, but now Im spending most of my time in place I dont like doing things I dont want to do. Today I finished job feeling miserable, so bad in fact, that it reminded me of feelings I had with my last suicide attempt two years ago. I got back to home, went to the cellar to leave my bike there and I started crying. I couldnt stop. I had so many feelings in that moment, including anger for being so weak in holding my emotions. I tied a "rope" from some thick cable, put it on my neck and hung it. I begin to slowly bend my knees, the cable on my neck was clenching, I felt pain in throat, my vision was kinda blurry, I could feel and hear the blood trying to get into my head. I was so close, it was just a matter of falling off my legs. But I didnt do it. I was not totally sure. I have no idea how much time I spend there, my dad started calling to me. Of course, I told him that everything is okay, and Im on my way. I dont know what to do. I have enough of life, of job, of everything. Yet I know, that suicide would be my very last decision, and I have no idea if this is the time. I can do it anytime, but will things get any better? My life is going down each year, I dont see anything positive in the future. I dont have a life, Im just existing, while being a heavy load to family, useless mouth to feed that would like to never be born.
Sorry for mistakes and overall rambling. Not my native language and I wanted to write it quick, didnt feel like checking everything. And yes, I just made this account, I want this to be a little private