(15m) My Life is ok, but i dont why i should continueJust to clarify im NOT dangerously suicidal. It just seems my life is boring and predicable. I just know exactly what will happen in my day, like a schedule. But after 2 years of no change i always ask myself, why can't I just sleep forever and forget about this life? I have a few friends but it's nothing crazy. Nobody really hates me but nobody really likes me besides my few freinds. These friends fit like in-between the nerdy and sporty type. I have always been GREAT at tennis that I could probably be in the bottom of a pro list someday or garunteed a tennis coaching position. I already work 4 hours a day at 2 different Tennis camps making 13.50 an hour during the summer. I'm not here to brag and ask you guys to slap my ass about my skill level In tennis. I'm asking why I don't really have many friends in the tennis field. Im the best in my school and 2nd best in varsity Long Island East end region for boys highschool. I practice everyday mostly by myself because when i ask somebody to practice they just don't have the same desire I have to play tennis or I'm boring. My social skill isn't really that good. And so I'm seen as boring. I bought myself a tennis feeding machine to play by myself. It's just noone has the drive to practice off-season or play with me at all. This is really the only thing I'm good at. My school grades barely pass and I have to stay after everyday to fix my tests or get help on the school subject otherwise I just get totally lost. My life is basically jog around a few blocks bike to school get through school not knowing wtf is going on half the time stay after for extra help then run around the track or play tennis and bike home. It's the same pattern over and over and it's fine but it's just the loneliness. Where do I see myself in 5 years? Barely graduating high school, hopefully getting a scholarship and taking another rocket science class that I'm never gonna use and play tennis in college.  and then even further down the line play tennis as a coach. But I don't see why it's worth it. Just waking up to play tennis for 8 hours and then be tired and and sleep the rest of the day at a studio apartment all by yourself. It seems repetitive, boring and unfun especially after time and without anybody even wanting to play tennis with me, why is it worth the grind to becoming a coach and have that ok life? Why can't I just end life and finally relax without anything to worry about. 