Damn, this is long. Sorry.I’ve watched this sub for a while, but chose not to post. Here goes. 

I’m 21M.

I guess I should start at the beginning, I grew up in a hyper religious family, personally not a religious man.  I’m gay, which caused a few issues. I didn’t “come out of the closet” I was more so found there. I was a sophmore in highschool at the time, my parents had decided to go through everyone’s phone, when they went through mine they found texts with my boyfriend at the time, in said texts there were a lot of explicit things. Which, it was partially my fault for not deleting my texts and such. But they had never gone through our phones before. Asian parents are hardcore, I got the beating of my fucking life. They had my older sister and brother watch. (My sister was busted for drinking and my brother for something I don’t remember, so I was made into an example.) My parents decided that when I turned 18 if I didn’t change, they were going to kick me out. At that point I didn’t care, because when you’re 15 you think living on your own at 18 is easy. They also banned me from talking to my younger brothers, playing video games with them, etc. Because they didn’t want me “influencing” them. From there I applied for a few jobs, eventually ended up in the theatre scene. I did musicals, and met my best friend there. He was four years older than me, he knew about my situation and kind of took an older brother role. He was the only friend I had as I also attended a Christian school. Fast forward to 18, I didn’t have enough money to live anywhere. The guy I met at theatre (we consistently were in shows together) let me live on his couch. I lived with him for 10 months or so. I moved into a studio apartment, which I am still living in. He saved my life, a little bit after my 19th birthday I attempted suicide but he talked me down. (The way I’m phrasing this makes it sound like I was 100% reliant on him, but we were reliant on each other) After that I started hanging around a bad crowd, got involved with drugs which I’m still paying for. I didn’t really make any money during that time. I dug myself into a finical hole. Then had got involved with a kid I shouldn’t have. He said he was 18, he was 16. I spent some time fixing that whole situation. Now I’m just really tired. Of everything. Out of my 6 siblings, 5 of which are adults, only 2 will talk to me. In December I had a falling out with the guy from theatre I’ve been talking about. He’s actually in the hospital right now, he was in a car crash. I asked if I could come see him but he ignored me. That’s a whole other thing I won’t get into. I’m more broke than I have been, I’m very alone and just so exhausted of trying to make everything work. Last year I was formally diagnosed with depression and anxiety, I’ve been at the verge my breaking point for a while and I just can’t anymore.