Tipping point . The other side holds more promise than this side does nowI'm at a point where my life is essentially over . I lost custody of my two sons 5 years ago and haven't seen them in 4 years . I have no idea where they are and they were so young they won't remember me at all . My oldest might have faint memories but it's better for him I'm gone . I've also lost the love of my life . A beautiful woman I adore and am completely heartbroken that our relationship ended . I truly struggle each day not being a part of her life , especially when she meant so much to me . She was the love of my life . She attempted suicide back in March and I was the only one who believed her threats and I responded and I believed saved her life . Her family had me jailed for responding , claiming breach of IO . I went to jail for the first time in my life . Now I have a criminal record making custody application for my sons impossible and work impossible . Not that I can work anyway . I'm suffering trauma from seeing her dying in front of me . I hate myself for not being strong enough to break into her car to save her .she survived thank God but I got locked up and it's really messed me up . I saw horrible things in there . Jail is no joke . Don't ever go . 

I'm at a point where on the other side I could at least watch my sons grow up and see that . I never will be able too here . On the other side I can see my beloved grow old and hopefully have children and be happy one day . I'll never see her on this side . I so much just want to watch them all live their lives . That is my version of heaven . Watching the 3 people I love live wonderful happy lives . I know they will never have them with me and that I'll ever be a part of them again . 

I'm also old and ugly and my body is failing and noone will ever love me again so reality is the other side holds more promise than here . We are spirit right ? I will be able to watch and guide my loved one right ? God will forgive me and understand right ? Please tell me that's true . 

So much pain and I've been crying for months . I've been admitted twice to a psych hospital , last time two weeks ago when I tried . I want to swim into the ocean . I like that . Be a part of something endless and beautiful . Be a part of the water my sons will swim and play in and my beloved will run with her dogs in . A warm embrace from my soul to them . That's all I want my life to be now . 
I'm homeless , living in my car , and I can't go on anymore . I look at the sky and the stars . I want to be a part of them . I want to see my loved ones . I'm hiding from welfare checks by police . They know I'm trying . I don't want to be stopped by them . I just want to go now . 
No more nightmares . I'm so tired of being scared every night in my car alone . I used to be successful and had everything but none of it means anything . I lost my loved ones and no money in the world can take that pain away ..

God will understand right ? He will forgive me and let me see my sons right ? Please tell me it's true . Please . Jeg elsker dig min drenge . Jeg elsker dig min deligt skat xx I'm sorry . Forgive me . I know you will understand . Look for little things happening around you . That will be me , making contact to show you I love you throughout eternity . Goodbye xx