I need somebody to talk to. I estimate that I have around 24 or 36 hours before I make a choice which will affect (or end) the rest of my life.  Warning: WALL OF TEXT INCOMING 

  I am a male adult, 22 years old.
  
  I am suffering from a whole fucking slew of physical and mental issues.

  Physically, I am suffering from a frequent, chronic bladder infections, which are painful and absolutely fucking disastrous to my ability to function in everyday life. I am also severely underweight, in the bottom 5 percent of weight for American males.

 Mentally, it is impossible to list everything which I suffer from. I am extremely paranoid, obsessive compulsive person who lives in constant fear. I am a kleptomaniac, who loves the thrill of stealing. I am a sexual deviant, and a sadist, and I live in constant fear that the government is monitoring my post history and that I will end up incarcerated or institutionalized. (I have NOT acted upon my fucked up mind in real life, but I have made some questionable google searches.) I don't think I can talk to a therapist, because I fear that they would just end up institutionalizing me. I've talked to mental health professionals before, but I was never fully honest with them for obvious reasons. That is not the only thing i am paranoid about, no, not by a long shot. I am also intensely afraid of being framed for a crime I never committed, or being robbed, or having my family plot my downfall, things like that. 

I also fear for the future of the world and the country. We have a president who is a complete incompetent idiot, who could lead us to nuclear war or to an economic meltdown any day. Trump is also sponsoring division and hate in society, and I fear that as a person of color, I could be targeted by racists emboldened by the president's support. But the worst part is his denial of climate change, and his support for planet destroying fossil fuel companies. I fear that within my lifetime, I could be caught up in issues such as massive famines, wars over resources, or maybe even human extinction.

 I am currently a college student, and I'm not doing too well. Today, I missed a final exam because I didn't have the energy to crawl out of bed at 1 in the afternoon. My parents are paying for my college and residency.

 I promised my parents that I would visit them after final exams are over, which they will be on Thursday this week. I lied to them that I already booked tickets. I theoretically could still get tickets sometime in the next 24 or 36 hours, but I don't think I have the will to go see them, and lie about how good life is and about my "dreams for the future."

 My parents are good people, but they are terrible listeners. They are very conservative, stuck in the old ways, and often dismiss my complaints about my mental and physical health as "just whining." There is no way I am expressing my fears and doubts to them.

 But then there is the fact that I am an only child, and that all my parents' hopes and dreams are upon my shoulders. I know how devastated my parents will be if I end my life. But honestly, I'm not seeing any other choices here.

Sorry for the huge wall of text. I would be willing to answer any questions except for things like my location, name, or other identifying information.

Thank you for listening.


