Slipping into suicidal thoughts...Okay, so I'm not suicidal now, but I think I could get help here... I think I may be suicidal again soon.

I've had lots of diagnoses. Major depressive disorder, bipolar II, borderline personality, whatever. It really doesn't matter besides the fact that I'm not a stable person. I was seriously depressed and suicidal before, I tried killing myself a few times. 

I've been doing good for a while. I'm in college doing a really difficult major. I really like it but I'm afraid I can't handle it. I don't want to do anything else though. I've been so flaky about things like this before I just couldn't stand to change my mind again. I feel like this week could set me over the edge. I have so much to do. I've been getting more stressed and irritable and anxious by the day. But the more stressed I am, the less I'm able to do. I can't concentrate. I know I need to get things done but I'll just sit there are stare at the assignment. I've been trying really hard to keep my stress to a minimum but there's too much to handle. My parents have been totally supporting me this past year, I live at home with my mom. However, they've told me that they won't be able to support me next school year. My mom is moving away. So I need to find somewhere to live and somehow to get money. I'm barely able to handle college as it is... I don't know how I'll handle all this extra stress. 
 
I know I have a disorder. I'm trying to take care of myself. I take my medicine everyday. I try to stick to a schedule. I see my psychiatrist. I try not to take on more that I can handle. I don't think I'm ready for the support my parents have been giving me to go away. I probably sound like a spoiled brat or something but I think I still need to be taken care of. I know that with this disorder there's only so much stress I can handle, and this may be too much. I'm trying not to be suicidal, because it scares me. But it feels so easy to slip into. Sometimes I think that I'm just not capable of handling life or taking care of myself. If I can't make it through college... I just don't see a future. Not one that I would want anyway. Maybe I can do it, maybe I can get through this week. I can already feel it coming though, the sadness, the hopelessness, the loss of control. I couldn't take being in the kind of pain I was in before again. I was hoping that I was better and I would never get like this again. The fact that its happening again makes me think it will keep happening. I can't live like this.   