How to keep fighting?I have been depressed since I was 12, and struggle with it almost every single day. Been through so much difficult in my life (as if not everyone does), but until I was 16, for some reason I always just kept fighting. I didn't have a reason, or any hope, I just did. It shocks me to think about. It doesn't feel like me. I'll be 22 in october, and have the past years lost completely hope or desire to live. It got so bad that I finally got into therapy now in january, and I go there every single week. I started getting to understand myself a bit better, and then my boyfriend broke up with me. And I know it's point less and stupid to say because I'm so young and unexperienced in life, but he really is the love of my life. He just has to focus on himself completely, and my depression in a combo of him struggling is stopping him from doing what is best for him and hus evolving. Which I understand. But ever since it happened, I have felt this horrible feeling inside me every single second. I hate my life, my surroundings, my future is not within my reach. My life is pointless. I'm not good enough and every single person in my life abandons me. And then I am all alone and be so lonely. But I have no future, and just continuing this life of lonelyness, no friends and a horrible family I have broken up with, is just so hard. This feeling I have, it's so extreme. I am stressed, on my tiptoes all the time, almost not sleeping, restless. As if I'm waiting for something to happen, like an exam in 5minutes, but instead I have until july to just sit here alone and not do anything. Usually I like it alone, like doing my own things. But now, if I'm not together with another human, I have this feeling inside me, just growing stronger. I am going to try to get some anti depressants. Maybe I lose the feeling and get numb. But I just don't want to exist anymore. I want to just stop breathing. Give up. I especially see absolutely no point in life without my ex, he is an incredible person, nobody is like him. And I have never connected with someone like we have, and probably never will. What is life if he is not in it? It is not worth it. Every second is unbearable, I am so anxious of nothing. And getting out to do as little as buy groceries takes a whole day to force myself to do. Playing games helped for a little bit, now I find no interest in that either. Sleeping makes me stressed, I don't know why. Watching series makes me stressed because I spend all day doing shit. I can't justify spending my time doing anything else than something social. But I got nothing social to do, and nobody to do it with. And it is really making me so suicidal and I have no idea how to control myself or my thoughts.
Sorry for my rambling, and for how messy this is. And sorry for feeling sorry for myself. It is annoying when I do it. And sorry for my horrible english.
What makes you keep fighting? Please I need help. I have no idea how to make my next hour bearable. I wish there was an accident, and that I had an excuse to die. In a year, everyone would live their life like normal. Just as they do now without me in their life. It doesn't matter to anybody if I am not here, except for being sad for a little while if I die. Then they will be ok.
Thank you if you read all of this. I didn't read over what I wrote, I will just cry if I read over again what I really had in my mind. I hope it's not too bad to understand.