I'm scared for my mateFor context, we're in year 11 in the UK and I've known him for just over a year now

About  4/5 months ago, I was made aware by him that he struggled with mental health issues and a few months ago, he saw a doctor and was diagnosed with depression and anxiety. Contrastingly, to most people he appears as a generally happy person and is one of the most social people in our year group, even though social meetings and interaction wear him out very quickly and would rather spent most of time alone (which isn't possible due to school etc). 

One of the causes of said issues is his parents: I'm not sure how long ago but a few years ago, his parents split up and he lives alone with his mum. One of the reasons for their break up was the Dad's seemingly verbal abuse towards him and his mum, and know whenever he seems him, he is drunk and/or gets mad and verbally abusive towards him for the most irrational of reasons (E.g. getting on average of a 6 throughout his mock GCSEs for "being terrible") On the other hand, from what I know of what he tells me and what I hear through Discord calls, his mum gives little care for him. For example, he has had this sick feeling for a couple of weeks now and threw up about an hour ago, but his mum doesn't care and won't put in the effort to call the school to let them know he is ill and care for him. Also, I know that a lot of the time he is home alone and he commonly has the feeling that he mum couldn't care less about him.

We've had a few text conversations about how he felt, how he was losing hope, how he felt worse than before etc and one big thing that struck me was he said he had no motivators of things that made him happy anymore and that there was only one reason as to why isn't ending it all: the fear of dying. He has tried counselling but when the counsellor was availible to do, the teacher has been a complete bitch and cancelled his counselling sessions because he was missing her class once a week, putting a history GCSE over his fucking mental health. Secondly, for the most part his mum is unaware of any of these issues. This is because he wishes not to tell as due how she is, she will tell him to "stop being so overdramatic" or "you've got nothing to be depressed for" etc and possibly use it against him in future arguments to spite him.

He has said to me that he wishes to move out as soon as possible so for the most part he can disconnect from what seems to mainly be the root of his issues and so he could possibly gain a sliver of hope towards recovery, even though he has said he feels like he can't recover and he physically doesn't have the energy to put in to start the path to recovery due to his previous attempts failing due to factors outside of his control.

I try my absolute fucking hardest to support him and let him know that I'm here (and other people who know of the issue) but it doesn't seem like I have any way of helping him recover which I'm kind of in denial to the feeling that there is nothing I can do. I'm really scaree for him and worried that he'll end up resorting to suicide soon as his method to getting out of depression. What can I do that won't make it worse and how can I help him to recover? 

I do apologise for how long this is but if you've read the whole thing, I fucking appreciate it