Just leaving this here in case someone comes looking for answers.If someone I know did find this then I just want you to know I am really really sorry and I was meaning to hand-write about 20 letters but I lacked the energy in the end. Anyone that would seek me out at this late stage is clearly someone who means a lot to me, so thank you for the love you shared with me in life and please live your life/lives to the fullest.

To put it simply I just do not enjoy life, I haven't really enjoyed it all that much for years and I just bumble through trying to make life bearable on a day-to-day basis which has only caused increasing problems and a feeling of being left behind. 

I'd just like to also say that this is in no way anybody's fault but my own, I feel I have failed all tenants of what I wished to be (Good, kind, Intelligent and funny) and that my own shortcomings have driven me increasingly insane and I'm terrified they might make me resentful or mean.

I wish I could speak to any of you about this but you don't respect my wish to die, I'm expected to endure day after day of misery for everyone else's sake and I've done that long enough, I can't be held prisoner on this coil any more.

My mental health had been in steady decline but recently nosedived and I'm scared so often now it is deeply unpleasant to live.

To L. N. R., I am so incredibly sorry to leave you like this, I'm don't know how I would react if the tables were turned. It is so grossly unfair and the worst thing I've ever done in my life to leave you silently as I have. You made my life infinitely better and I love you so deeply that writing this has me in tears. I'm so sorry. Please live a full life and try and be happy, make sure to talk to everyone. Everyone loves you, you are ridiculously smart and funny. I loved you to no end. Please upload the videos of us that I have on my computer to my youtube so that they are't lost to time. I love you like nothing else on this earth.

[P.S. I charge you with the care of the Idol henceforth.]

To T. D. (I've relegated your middle name).

Thank you for everything over the years, your hospitality, company and council have been most welcome. You are one of the people, maybe the only person, who I truly love and not because I was born into it. You are such a kind, funny individual with a magnetic personality. I don't know what to say in such a weird small format assuming you ever even looked for this. I wish things didn't have to be the way they are, but sadly that's reality. Have a fantastic life, I sincerely have absolutely no doubt that you will. Thanks for everything. I love you.

[P.S. I want you to look after my watch one last time. If only it ticked backwards.]
