Struggling with suicidal thoughts and don't know what to doI've been struggling recently with thoughts of suicide and needed to vent somewhere.  I really don't want to kill myself, but I'm getting to the point where I feel like that's the only logical decision.  All I want is to be happy but it seems like no matter what I do nothing can change.  Every day I wake up and dread having to make it through another day.  I feel incredibly alone and I'm surrounded by people that have loads of friends which just makes me feel that much worse about myself in comparison.

Objectively, I know that what I'm feeling really doesn't make sense.  I'm about to graduate college, I'm healthy and in good shape, and I have a great job lined up for after graduation.  I always try to be nice to others, whether that's through doing stuff for them, being a shoulder to cry on and just helping people out in general.  People always tell me that I'm such a great person but that's as far as it ever goes.  People don't want to hang out or talk with me, any attempts I make to enter conversations get shut down more often than not, and whenever I do get invited to do stuff or hang out I feel like I'm just getting invited because people feel bad for me.  I feel so alone and can't figure out what I need to change about myself to fix things, I've asked people and the only answer I ever get is people pretending the problem doesn't exist.

I feel like I've done everything I can and I'm starting to lose hope.  I've talked about my issues and how I feel with people that I think are my friends, but I've more or less been completely ignored, even though they asked me to tell them what was wrong.  I feel like I have to fake being happy everyday because if I'm quiet or sad, people want to hang out with me even less.  I go the gym everyday, eat healthy and try to stay as active as possible but all those things do is give me a temporary break from how I feel, and inevitably things keep flooding back.  

I've always told myself that things will get better.  I went to 3 different high schools growing up and every time I went to a new one I told myself that this would be the time things finally change for me.  The same thing happened each year of college, I was convinced that living somewhere new, or with someone else would change things but it never did.  Now I'm approaching the end of my senior year and can't get myself to believe that anything's going to change when I move on.  I feel like I'm just lying to myself whenever I hope that things will get better.  If the "Best 4 years of my life" have been this awful then I just don't see any reason at all to keep on living.  People say things will get better but I just can't believe it anymore.