Veterans secrets - the battle only begins during war.Im sitting here in tears, i dont know why but im not well...i feel i need help but ive tried in the past and all i know is i need happiness,  i think because the past few days without you has been exceptional hard and brings back emotions, i guess my healing was to escape, i wasnt running i was just removing myself from a part of the world i can't cope with.  I was walking down the street today and i had strong feelings of "slaves " heartles people walking past each other without acknowledgement....i think this place is also increasing my anger towards the world, which increases our little bickers. Ive been waking up lately just wanting to stay in bed, whats the point of getting up? i feel myself falli back into depression, a bad one as every time it hits its worse then before, i cant control it as hard as i try too... im not sure why but it just hits hard, one minute im ok the next i hurt.  And it actually hurts, i feel like a lost dog not knowing he's about to be put down, unable to understand why or unable to eliminate the problem. I try hard to control it but its a sickness that sparks a flame inside my mind, igniting a rage of disturbed emotions. I struggle.  I use to be a confident, strong, capable of doing things most people cant imagine but the last few times its hit me, it cripples me. It turns me into what i feel a weak undeserving individual constantly feeling pain, why? For on the inside i am fighting what feels an unbeatable war. I win battles for a while then some evil, horrifying monster grips my mind and leaves me motionless, rips my willpower apart, only to leave a few days later. I come back stronger each time but so does he. In my dreams hes a mountain of a beast, covered in crocodile skin but looks like a human, it wears a metal sheeth over the scales like an old evil knight , i shoot him continuously and he laughs,  i fight so so hard  knowing that anything physical cant hurt him, last night he grippped my throat and told me i was better off dead then i woke up. It stays with me through the days... i ask myself why? Why me? How can i beat this sickness and make it go away? Everything i do is only temporary....i feel sick and wont sleep again tonight, i, starting to fear sleep again.. ive always thought my mates who killed themselves were selfish but now i completely understand.  This for me is my deepest thoughts and a way of saying to youngsters dont skgn up.... farewell people i tried hard, im proud to say i fought physically for ten years but mentally for longer. I fought well but sometimes a man must realise his limits.