I think I'm having a nervous breakdown.The last thing I want to do is put my burdens on someone else, but I think I'm losing my mind.  I've had a really bad last 10 months.  A short list of the things I've had to deal with: post surgery recovery, my dog of 15 years had to be put to sleep because she finally succumbed to the nastier symptoms of cushings, I've had pretty severe and dibilitating pain from instestinal problems, I've had an unfortunate bad prescription with Celexa that seemed to have the reverse of desired effect, put on about 20 pounds I don't need thanks to a result of inactivity with all the health issues, I failed two classes last semester and both lost my fin. aide and am now on academic probation, I've was accused of coupon fraud at work (kept the job, but actively seeing new employment to no avail), and my girlfriend broke up with me about three weeks ago.

Now, yesterday I had a panic attack, followed by a series of micro attacks, and I'm having both muscle and breathing spasms.  I'm staying rational, but they come in waves and I can't seem to get control of them and make them stop.  There are small bouts of crying as well.

I'm 32 years old, and a few years back I moved into my parents house after a failed egagement, and after leaving a management position to go back to school.  This was a thousand mile move, so I left all of my friends behind.  I did this with the intent of saving money, and actually doing something with my life.  Right now, though, everything seems pretty fucking bleak.  I can't stop thinking I'm going to die alone without accomplishing anything with my life.  I don't want to kill myself, but I've concoted this plan where I leave a will dictating to sell my possessions (vintage books and video games, etc).  That, with the money I have saved up, would total about 4 grand each for a college fund for both of my nieces, who are 9 and 11 respectively.  With interest, this could be a decent amount.

I need help.  This plan and the physical and emotional symptoms that won't stop are scaring the hell out of me.