I really am not looking forward to life, I am pretty much ready to dieI'm not here because I want attention or whatever people seem to be looking for in often times. I just am lost and I really do not see the point in living. I am an 18 year old male, I am about to graduate high school and move to college. The one thing I really enjoy in my life are good relationships (not just dating but in general). And I keep getting in bad ones, my friends in both schools I have attended treat me like shit even when I am a nice guy. I threw a friend a surprise party and frankly have helped his girlfriend decide not to break up with him. My ex girlfriend cheated on me and left me, which still stings and my friends poke fun at. My parents dislike me and even though I may be (not really sure) Bi, the other gender is completely out of the question as even though I am not religious (agnostic, just find both militant athiesm and religion pointless). I am pretty far in an opposite political position than my father. My mother and step father were abusive and after calling the cops (who recommended I move in with my father) she never wanted to see me again. I'm not a huge extrovert, I just love having my friends around me, groups of more than 10 freak me out, but being with close people and just having fun really makes my life enjoyable. I am very lonely as I have to distance myself from my friends or suffer being made fun of and treated like shit. I want more than anything a girl who is nice and just gets me, someone I can be all cheesy and romantic, but every girl I meet is a whore. I have to hide that my reasons for sex are that I want it to be an emotional/love thing rather than a meaningless fuck as people respond poorly to that. I really have nothing to look forward to, I could get a job or do whatever, but if I have no one to share my life with, I really have no reason to live. I just want someone to love me, someone that I can trust for once (I have bad trust issues), I want a girl who will do cute things for me and let me be a guy who will adore her. I want someone that will make me strive to better myself, someone that I can talk to without them getting bored or laughing at me. I want friends (which I am really bad at making due to being socially awkard) and even more so I cannot stop dreaming about finding a girl to be mine, I can't image life without the married and kids thing. I have had bad luck with girls, friends and family, I am ready to just end this pointless life. I just can't take being alone, being fake around people (it is so hard to hide and bury everything and pretend it's all right without a release) I hate wondering if I will ever have someone excited to see me. I feel so unwanted and segregated from everyone else. I just feel like I will never have friends, or a woman I love, so then why should I keep on? Sorry for the wall of text.