32 years too longI remember as a young boy crying and wishing for happiness. I have a strong conviction that god doesn't exist because I used to pray late at night. I prayed for poverty, for love, for happiness. None of which ever came. My parents didn't get along perfectly but the minor conflicts they did have affected me greatly. I didn't understand how I was supposed to grasp onto my mother confessing her darkest secrets in the Albertsons parking lot. I didnt know how to cope with my parents screaming at eachother over what I perceived to be dinner not being prepared. 

As a young man of only 17 I didn't know how to address my father cheating once again on my mother. When my mother asked me to install spying/keylogging software on my fathers machine(which I did) I didn't know how to say "No" or "Hey bitch, maybe you should deal with this directly instead of involving your fragile son". I complied and printed out the reports that incriminated him.

My first failed marriage ceased because I entered the relationship in the wrong headspace. I wasn't ready, I shouldn't have put my self in that place so soon. 7 years later we parted ways and I left her destroyed by the fact I felt I never loved her. Could I really feel love?  

My current failed marriage is on it's way. I'll be paying child support for the next 17 years if I fuck this one up. From my point of view my greatest mistake is providing too much. She confessed tonight that she would rather work in a job dealing with less priveledged people. She wants our daughter to have more diversity and more hurdles to overcome. I feel my contributions to my wife's life and our daughter are going unnoticed. I strive and pay for our existence to not be relegated to shitty apartments on the wrong side of town. We live in a nice area with nice cars and good schools. Millions and millions would dream of a life like mine. I'm not appreciated, my sacrifices are not appreciated. I have NO validation for my hard work. 

I've fantasized about  ending it more times than I can count. Handgun. Jumping. Car crash. Lately its a knife to the throat. I have over a million in life insurance that DOES pay out for suicide(New York Life if your fucked up and interested like me)
My spawn, my genetic material will live on through my daughter. What more do I have to contribute? The beneficiaries are listed as my daughter and not my wife because I want my daughter to have   a good start. By the time shes 18 she will have quite a bit of cash to her name. It makes me feel better knowing that's how she will remember me; some asshole who left her a ton of cash. 

I left out my favorite scenario: weather balloon and tie a gun to the damn thing. Bind myself in the backyard or maybe a public place to look like an execution. Pull the trigger and let the weather balloon go with some timer mechanism to drop the gun randomly miles from the site. That one's my favorite

**I just re-read my post and I sound quite nuts. fuckin a

***I just read the rules and I may have violated some. Consider yourself lucky if you read this before it gets nuked