I'm an idiot and ready to try again.Brief recent history.  I've tried to kill myself twice in the last 2 months, first by hanging, and the bar came out of the wall, and then by getting shitfaced and standing in front of traffic, but they just stopped and took me to the hospital, where I left before anyone took down my name.  I'm not recently single, but I'm depressingly single.  I'm that dumbass who believes exes when they say they want to be friends, and then when I try to be a friend, I end up trying to rekindle something that doesn't exist anymore and pushes them out forever.  I'm also super sexually insecure except with strangers, and have never successfully had sex with someone I was in a relationship with.  

I'm in university, about to finish a degree which I have no idea what I'm going to do with it.  My only friends I actively talk to hear me joke about suicide but I've convinced them I'm not actually seriously considering it.  I have no foreseeable future.  I have no prospects.  I can't even be in a healthy relationship before I tear it apart from the inside.  My last relationship, which ended on Dec. 30, ended when we tried to have sex and I couldn't keep it up, so over the next week I saw her less and less (my choice, not hers) and didn't tell her the reason.  She figured I didn't like her anymore and gave me an out or an opportunity to talk about it.  I chose the out.  I've regretted it since the day it happened.  I've been regretting every decision I've made since I got out of high school  4 years ago.  I'm starting to get musical gigs now, and was recently featured on a local radio station, and in the moment I was so happy.  Until last night, when I talked to my ex, who I was "friends" with.  It ended up devolving into me trying to remind her of the old days, and her saying she's there for me as a friend, and then me confessing how fucking depressed I am and leaving it at that.  I deleted her number and all the texts as I don't expect to hear from her, and don't want to contact her anymore.  I don't want to waste anyone else's time with my emotional malfunctioning.  I just want to be done with all this shit.  I'm so done.  I have a knife and this afternoon I'm going to my favorite spot on a local secluded beach to slit my wrists far enough away that even if I do get second thoughts, I won't have time to act on them.  I'm finally doing this.  I'm finally going to be done with this pain.