I just need to get something out of my chest.English is not my first language so please forgive any mistakes you’ll surely find in this text. 

My 21st birthday was last Thursday (December 10th) and that somehow made me realise many things. 
I know this is really dumb but only my parents, brother, aunt and a friend wished me a happy birthday. I felt a bit sad because when I lived by myself (I had to go back to my parents’ house) before the pandemic, I had plenty of “friends” who constantly wanted to hang out and get drunk at my apartment. I promised myself that I wouldn’t let that bother me, those are not my real friends, but still, I was kind of expecting a text or something, it’s not like I never mentioned it, damn, they were even reminded by Facebook. 
Anyway, last night, I had a birthday “party” with my mom, brother, aunt and cousin (I guess it wasn’t such a big deal because we see each other every day since we all work in the family business), everything was fine, we ate cake and opened a bottle of wine. 
Then the conversation drifted to be about someone who is friends with my brother and aunt but I’m not on the best terms with, so I said “well, why don’t we talk about something else?” Big mistake. They told me that I was ruining the fun and long story short they literally kicked me out of my “party”. 
I went to my bedroom and my mom followed me. I thought she was going to tell me they were not serious or something but instead she screamed at me about how big of a pain in the ass I am and that next year I’m going to be by myself and so on. I felt like shit, I still do, to be honest. 
I suppose I’m not the most lovable person but, I don’t know, I don’t think I deserved to be kicked out because of that. 
While she was screaming I told her that I wanted to die (I’ve been wanting it for many years), that many bad things happened to me and that I wanted to stop the pain, she said I was so dramatic and made fun of me. It made me feel like my depression was so invalid. I was crying by myself and everyone else was singing and laughing and I thought that was the perfect representation of my life. 
About an hour later everybody went home or to sleep and I couldn’t stop thinking about how much I wanted to be dead. So I decided to take rat poison. 
My dad bought a couple of containers some years ago because he believed that there was a rat in our backyard (it wasn’t) and now they were almost forgotten about, which was great for my plan, I guess. 
I was back in my room with the poison inside a bag trying to figure out if it is now as effective as it must have been a couple years ago and, then, an angel appeared. 
I looked up to find a pair of big yellow eyes staring me intently. My cat meowed and climbed up my bed, made herself comfortable and waited for me to join her. For context, my cat never wants to sleep with me, she usually sleeps in my parents’ room because it’s warmer than mine. But she was there, could she felt that if I was left alone I would do something bad? Is that possible? It probably is because how else could I explain her presence? 
She meowed until I laid beside her and I found out that I couldn’t leave her. She was the only one there for me, the only one who cared. I know you might think that it’s sad and even a bit pathetic but I swear that in that moment she became the reason of my existence. Who else would play with her? Feed her, clean her sandbox, keep her warm? (I live with my family but I’m the one who does that because she’s my cat) 
I cried my eyes out again, for a different reason now. I made a promise that I would wait a couple hours more to do anything, I wanted to think about everything. 
Now it’s another day, life is still shit, my family is ignoring me, I have no one else to talk to, I’m ranting on Reddit but now I know that at least my cat wants me to live. It may not seem like much but it’s enough for now. 

tldr I wanted to kill myself after my birthday “party”, family don’t seem to care, didn’t do it because of my cat.