Overwhelmed from all the memories of my father abusing me as a child and more than likely molesting me.Only recently, a few months ago, did I finally accept my childhood as one of abuse and neglect. My father regularly beat me when he lost his temper over the smallest of things, tore me down emotionally by insulting my intelligence and berating me over everything from my religious and political beliefs to my weight, and continues to threaten to completely disown me financially if I don't do anything he says, and I live a few hours away from him. Just to say the most glaring of issues leading to the whole abuse thing.

I know he molested me somehow in my childhood, because I've always been intensely uncomfortable with close physical contact with him, and I always have felt dirty or unclean thinking about my childhood or he has, even recently, tried to swat my butt or get me to sit on his lap. I just think I have somehow been able to block it out.

More and more lately, I've been fearing the remembrance of what he did, since I am in therapy and I know at some point that will come up. Even just thinking about what it might have been makes me sick to my stomach and I can't even actually cry, just my body locks up and panics.

I seriously don't even know how to cope with this anymore. I've been grieving for months, and I know it will take a while to cry and get over the sadness, but it's honestly become a struggle to just get through the day without cracking and continuing to put up a good front. All I want to really do is sit by myself in my apartment with my dog (who isn't even with me right now), cuddle with her, play video games, drink, and let myself wallow. I'm even going in for learning disability testing tomorrow because I haven't been able to do well in my college classes for three years and I'm desperately trying to find out why and fix it. Everything in my public life is fine; I have a good job, my extracurricular activities are going great, and I'm (slowly) getting more friends around school. But my personal life continues to decline more and more. It's like a vicious see-saw of pain.

Really, I don't even know why I'm writing this. It's late on the U.S. East Coast, none of my friends are awake, and really there's only one friend who I can even talk to about all of this. I could call the 24/7 counselor on site at my school, but even then, I feel like I have nothing to say. It's just become incredibly hard to deal with day-to-day life when I feel like I'm completely broken inside and, as my therapist says, "having to protect the little girl inside me because no one else ever would." I'm just tired of struggling and tired of having to deal with this all by myself.