Desperate, desolate and depressed.Xpost from /r/depression.   
I'm unsure if this is the right space to post it, but let me just start by saying that just a few days I thought of ending my life. I know what I'm going to do, and how I'm going to do it so that it will end quickly. I don't know what I'm seeking for here. Money? Advice? Words of encouragement? I really don't know. Perhaps anything. Perhaps nothing.

\- First official depression prognosis started since high school from bullying in 2007. Internalised homosexual tendencies.

\- Pre-college studies affected/delayed by a year, sexually assualted when doing national service where I was. Kept quiet because I'm a guy and it was by another man. Got properly diagnosed with general and social anxiety disorder. It happened too long ago, but scarred me deeply. I kept quiet and just kept it in.

\- Travelled alone for a bit and was okay, but university came, and felt like I was in the wrong place. Had multiple leaves of absences because I wasn't coping. Met some friends for life who kept me alive, met more than didn't stay. However, accummulated a high amount of student loan because of this. Currently on hiatus from university, even when I just turned 29 2 weeks ago.

\- Met the man of my life in university, went through 6 years and a lot of shit together. He was my beacon and support for the longest time. However, this guy left me because he felt like I wasn't going anywhere (which was because of inaction or lack of achievements caused by my depression) and he lost feelings for me. He was unable to empathize with my depression because of the way he was brought up, and saw it as laziness or just plain wasting my life away. He broke up with me late november in 2019 and I'm still not over him. This experience still has a leading impact on my mental stability. I ended up doing many stupid things after (some while heavily intoxicated), and I can say for certain that I sabotaged any lingering bridges between the both of us. He's not a bad person.

\- Family are not supportive of my sexual identity. As an asian family, there were high hopes and expectations on studies and success. Also we were mid-low class and we don't have much financial sustainability. My parents, they are not bad people. They work hard, but they are not highly educated. I had to learn a lot of things on my own. I have been supporting myself for the longest time, even if I still stay with my parents. We don't communicate much, the times we do are usually very abrasive, and I feel mostly isolated and alone.

\- Found my passion for the arts and drive in the media/broadcast tv industry through several career opportunities in the forms of external ad-hoc internships during the times when I was looking for something to do while on leave of absences. However, the lack of an official paper qualifications led them all going nowhere. The last stint ended in end of April when Covid got serious and I was let go because I was expendable. Ultimately, much experience, but very little income, and with my age, I'm unable to compete for entry level jobs with fresh graduates with the right qualifications. Besides, I have a lot of debts and no money to start another diploma or degree elsewhere, which is something at the back of my mind but never able to achieve. I have maybe $2k usd to my name in terms of expendable cash.

\- It has been roughly 3 months since I'm unemployed and not doing anything, and while I'm still on hiatus from university, I have to decide by the end of the year if I was to continue or terminate my matriculation. I'm in my final year, but I'm severely tormented with the idea of forcing myself through for something that I am not wishing to do in the future, and that it will take a further toll on my mental health. But if I leave, it would be years and money wasted. I have

\- Right now I'm juggling between part time work but even those are scarce and few, heavily strenous and I feel like it's not enriching. I've been sending out resumes and applications but always met with rejection. I tried seeking remote jobs as well like ways to sustain making money online, but always hitting a wall. I'm basically powering through just to earn some money to sustain myself, and it has been a struggle everyday.

\- I never thought I was unintelligent, but I think my low level of confidence, my inferiority complex, abandonment issues with the breakup, isolation from my family, my financial burdens and the hopelessness of not being able to go anywhere in life with so much potential, has caused me a lot of mental anguish. I struggle with sleep everyday, and I wake up everyday feeling worse, wishing I did better. I'd like to think if I was given another opportunity or more resources in life, I will have done much better and to never fall into this state. Alas, everything is always better in hindsight.

\- It's easy to say that you're comparing oranges to apples, but when I look at my peers or close friends around me, most if not all of them are in a better place than me. Maybe they were born in a better environment, maybe they have met supportive people in their lives, maybe they all chose wiser with what they wanted to do in life, and here I am, feeling stuck and incredously bopeless. I know, there is definitely someone out there who has it worse off than me, but the darkness is so overpowering that I do not know how to continue with life. I wonder everyday when is the day I will finally have the courage to choose to go so that I can relieve myself from this pain. I'm not okay. I wonder if you, reading this, have any resources or pearls of wisdom for me.