I feel trapped like a fucking rat. Somebody give me some advice.I'm a 21 year old man who lives at home with his father. He financially supports me because I'm too much of a failure that I can't figure out how to make enough money or make plans to move out and start my adult life. I feel so fucking bad for my dad.. Every time his friends come to our house for football games on Sundays they all talk about how their kids are away at nice Universities doing big things with big plans for the future while I'm sitting on the couch eating a piece of pizza like a fucking moron doing nothing with my life. I went to a community college last year and lost my financial aid after 2 semesters for bad grades. I did appeal it and I'm going back to college in January but that's a couple months away but I'll still need to live at home because you can't dorm their. I got a nice full time job at a grocery store three months ago and I started feeling good saving money but I got fired last week for apparently not catching on quick enough and making too many mistakes? That was my 7th job Ive ever had and now I'm currently back at my old work for an insulation company only making 130$ a week. I'm trying to find new work by submitting my resume to business that out adds on Craigslist but no replys. 
On top of this I owe my dads friend (he's a mechanic) 700$ that he's letting me pay off over time due to car repairs. I'm making 130$ a fucking week right now. I have a tooth access that I can't afford to get fixed. 
All of my best friends I used to have are off at college being REAL adults expiriencing life doing big things and I'm just a fucking child living at home feeding off my dad like a fucking parasite. The friends I have that are still in town are all potheads who just use me because I drive. Like when they need a designated driver for something, they call me and that's it, or when one if them is REALLY bored theyl want to hang out with me as a last resort. Also, my dating life became nonexistent in the past 6 months. I fell in love with the girl I was with when I was 19 and she broke my heart and since then I just have no confidence with girls. Every time I talk to a girl in the past year they always stop talking to me after a month and find a REAL man. I know it's because of my depression. Its more noticeable than I once beleived. On the surface girls see me as an attractive normal guy but after they really get to know me they see right into my insecurities and clinginess and drop me for someone better. In the past couple months I completely stoped trying to date. 

I don't deserve to have fun. I don't deserve to smile. I don't deserve to laugh. I don't deserve to take joy in anything because everything I expirience is filterd through the fact that I'm a deadbeat parasite that hasn't accomplished anything yet and lives with his dad. I really mean it. I don't deserve to smile. Why in the hell should I be smiling, ever, if I still don't know what I'm doing yet at 21. Every time I smile or laugh I want to punch myself in the face. What I do deserve is pain. I deserve to bleed. 

Bottom line is that I want out. I need to die. I need to just let go of this live. Things have gotten so bad since I graduated high school and they will get worse. But I can't do that to my dad. He lost my mother when she killed herself 8 years ago and he just had a divorce last year.. Its a sticky situation because I know he's really deep down dissapointed in me. He knows I'm a fucking failure. I can just see it when we have small talk. He sometimes tells me that I should start caring more about life and maybe once every couple of months he let's it all out and freaks out on me for not doing anything with my life yet. But at the same time I know he loves me as a son and would do anything for me. We get along very well and he had told me that I can stay with him as long as I need to but I just can't be a parasite anymore. I really just want to die. I don't like myself. I hate myself. I hate myself. I can't kill myself because I simply can't hurt my dad but if I stay alive I need to hurt him by living with him for another year until I get my degree, and even then I really don't know how to be an adult. I'm trapped in this life becuase i cant hurt my famiky. I just can't stand being a dissapointment to myself, my family and my friends anymore. 
