Can't see the art on a blank canvasGot  screamed at this morning at a time where I'm fairly vulnerable - not making any decisions - just want to get it out. On mobile sorry for quality.


Why bother existing? 
Another day, another moment, &amp; it is always the same. 
If I am happy at some point that dark, horrible, gut-wrenching terror will wash over my every fiber of being, every thought, every action.
Everyone has seen it in me, once smiling &amp; laughing goes to incredible sadness I can't control in a millisecond.
'This happiness is a facade, it'll all crash down &amp; I'm being stupid enough to believe I deserve to be happy. "Do everyone including yourself a favor and just die." That's my inner voice &amp; they can't always be wrong. That same feeling I get right before something horrible happens, I'm that horrible thing my own mind is wanting me out of existence.
It's a trench I can't try to get myself out of.
I can't climb out of this muddied pit I keep clawing and trying to get out but the sides I dig into give way and I keep sliding down, the harder I try the more mud I bring down with me. I can't fill the pit with mud and expect to get out I'll drown before I'm halfway there from exhaustion. 

Then the blaming starts. 
The accusations that I'm playing a game.
What prize is in it for me? I stupidly think maybe you'll help since you ask what's wrong. I've learned don't talk, giving silence is easier than giving an explanation or justifying why I'm withdrawn. 'It can't be that bad think of ___'. I'm glad you don't wake up miserable because you didn't die in your sleep. Sleep the only abatement &amp; quite often not even then. Waking up is a disappointment - it feels worse than a hangover every morning. Anger usually is what I'm filled with, internally screaming at a non-existent god for making me wake up to a body full of turmoil. 
When I die there will never be my consciousness, my energy, my being asking a god for forgiveness of my sins it'll be god asking me to forgive them. And I can't. I can't forgive the years lost, I can't forgive the trying to get better through doctors, therapists, medications, hospitalizations, and still never having more than a moments release of this war. 
When I kill myself then I'd be taken seriously I'd be happier... you'd be happier... Everyone is a psychiatrist. Everyone has the "cure" but nothing works. I can think of a cure...

"Think of your ___", yes think of them who couldn't be bothered to return a call, think of them who told me 'think happy thoughts', or 'everyone has tough times'. Clearly I'm beyond your repair, my own repair. I've tried, I keep trying but I'm not strong or good enough.

This really isn't about them, no matter how easy it is to try and project onto someone else, they can't understand it - lucky them - I get so frustrated; it is like explaining art, trying to explain something abstract when all they have is concrete concepts to grasp... I'm jealous &amp; mad at myself for not seeing the art in life they see just the mess mine is. 

I can't see the art on a blank canvas.
I can't see how I can be ok.