I feel uselessI have thought about doing this post for a while but never actually did it because I couId'nt translate my emotions into words, I will try to do it this time around.


I am a 19 year old boy from Portugal, currently in college. I am an extremely shy and awkward person and I have lately been feeling really down.


I feel like I will never become a useful part of society. I cannot imagine myself working anywhere due to my very low social skills. Being awkward for as long as I remember myself alive has affected me in a couple of ways. I have never had a girlfriend and I currently have about 4-5 friends that I don't see IRL for about 2 years. I haven't been able to make friends in college, in fact I've barely spoken to anyone IRL outside my family for maybe a year or so. I do not leave home unless strictly necessary. I've never gone out for drinks with friends. When I leave the house I feel like everyone is looking at me and judging every single movement I do or how I look, which makes me really self-aware and even more awkward. This has made me left the bus on my way to college for literally no reason a couple of times.


And the most frustrating part of it is that I cannot find a reason for why I am so useless and sad. My parents are amazing, they work really hard for me to be able to go to college and I'm not even enjoying the major I'm pursuing but I don't have the courage to tell them they just wasted 1000 euros on me. I have never ever been bullied. I've had amazing classmates especially in high school that would try to integrate me into their social events and were overall very friendly. There's no reason for me to be sad.


I would be lying if I said I haven't had suicidal thoughts, I have, but I think I will never kill myself because I am too much of a coward to go through the painful process of it. But if there was a magic button in front of me that would erase me without pain I would press it without thinking twice.


Sorry for the wall of text. It felt good to write this though