I sexually assaulted someone I said I cared aboutHi, 

I've never posted on here before, but I did something recently that has been haunting me more than anything in my life. I'm a socially awkward guy in my first year of college. I'm overweight, anti\-social, and basically everything else to make for a bad concoction when trying to talk to girls. I was really discouraged my first semester and I just hated being here, and yet this semester things started to clear up. There was a girl from last semester that was in my psychology class that I oddly liked for some reason. I hadn't even talked to her that much but I just had an odd attraction to her and I would try to at least say hi whenever I could. We ended up studying for one of our exams together and I loved talking to her and getting to know her. She said she had anxiety and depression, so I knew that early on. I have depression too, so it wasn't hard to relate. However, we didn't talk much after that until after winter break. 

When we came back for the following semester, I saw her a couple times at a distance and said hi, but then there was a point where I didn't see her for a couple weeks, so I mustered some courage and texted her one night. I said that I hadn't seen her for a while and hoped everything had been going well. She told me to come over to her room so we could catch up, and there she told me that she had actually been in the psych ward because she said she was suicidal so they committed her, but now she is finally on medication for her anxiety and depression. In the conversation, I brought up how I was going to a frat party that night, and she said she could come if I wanted her to. So I invited her back to my room to drink a bit before, and she got drunker than I expected. There was no way she could have gone to the party, but she had so little that I thought there was no way she was as drunk as she was acting. I got buzzed too and started talking to her about how I actually texted her because I always kind of liked her. She had a boyfriend and cheated on him regularly. And, me being a dick of course, looked past that. She pulled me into her and started kissing me for a long time, but I refused to do anything else because she was drunk. She ended up falling asleep for about an hour and getting up and leaving after apologizing for being too drunk. 

She texted me the next day saying she had a good time and she didn't regret it. The next week was spring break and we texted and facetimed a lot, and I loved it. I loved talking to her and I wanted it to continue. During that week, she sent me a couple nudes and had sexual conversations with me. So the day we got back from break, I invited her over again to see what she wanted to do. I got really nervous about it so I started drinking which was so incredibly stupid. I regret it more than anything. When she got there with some homework she planned on doing, I started kissing her and she pushed me away and asked me how drunk I was, and she got uncomfortable and said she had a boyfriend and she had just been thinking that day about how she's going to stay loyal to him. I backed off and just talked to her for a little bit, she kept asking me if I was getting sober, and I was definitely not as drunk as when she walked in. She then asked me if she could drink, and after last time I cautioned her to not drink as much. She drank about half as much as last time and right after she finished her drink she said she was drunk. When she started trying to do stuff again, I said I wouldn't if she was drunk. So, she kept saying that she was just acting drunk because she didn't want to feel as guilty about cheating. I gave into that lie and made out with her and I ended up fingering her. She wanted to have sex but the alcohol mixed with the nervousness wouldn't let me get hard. She said it was okay and ended up leaving. The next day I texted her and she replied saying she felt violated. I had a panic attack when I read it and was more scared than I ever have been. She said she was going to keep it between us and she wants us to move on, but that week was dreadful. I didn't want to get out of bed, school work took me forever to do because I couldn't focus, and I sunk into the worst depression of my life to date. It's been about a month since that night, and I'm definitely not as depressed as I was, but I still think about it and her every day. We still snapchat, but nowhere near how we once did. I have talked to her several times apologizing and telling her that I have never been more ashamed of myself and how when I said I cared about her I still treated her like I did and that I couldn't live with myself. She said she forgave me and that she would be okay, but nothing felt right. 

This past week, I talked to her again. I said I missed talking to her and that I still couldn't get over the shame. She said she told her boyfriend about it a couple of weeks ago because she was shaken and upset and felt guilty for cheating on him. She said he didn't want her around me for good reason and that she did not feel comfortable around me yet, and that things take time. Regardless of that, she facetimed me and talked and then ended up coming over to my room and talking to me. I told her how I started attending counseling and that I couldn't stop thinking about her and about how ashamed I was at how I had treated her. She was more than caring about it and said that she will be okay and that I just need to learn how to forgive myself. She said that everything will be okay and that I can be happy again. She tricked me into apologizing to her boyfriend by walking me to where he was, but when I talked to him he was nicer than I could ever picture someone being in that situation. He said he understands what alcohol does and that it makes people do things they would never do normally. And yet I still feel this absolute shame and self\-hatred for what I did. Part of it is because I know that it still bothers this girl, but she said a lot of stuff to make me feel better and to take my attention off of her. She even started crying at one point that night about it and I felt my heart sink. At first, I was scared beyond belief that she was going to report me to the school for what happened and my parents would be let down and ashamed of me. And then, when she said she would keep it between us and that she just wanted me to learn from it, I still feel absolutely ashamed of myself. Counseling hasn't even been working that well, but it has helped somewhat. When I get upset about it and apologize she tells me to calm down and that she is fine and I will be too. Why can't I believe her? Why do I feel this constant shame still? I was so wrong in what I did, and yet I can't even move on as well as she can and she was the victim here. I still care about her and just can't take the shame of knowing that I ruined things with someone I actually liked talking to. I have such problems meeting people and forming relationships, and I often feel like no one cares about me. I thought I had finally found one, and I absolutely destroyed it. And that makes me feel more ashamed of myself than I have ever felt. I don't know what to do, I don't know what more there is to say, I don't know what other closure I can get, I just know that the weight of this is driving me to worse depths than I thought imaginable. How do I move on from this? How do I see myself as worthy of living again? Because right now, I see myself as absolutely despicable and not even kind of deserving of life. Even when the very girl I assaulted tells me I'm worthy and that I can be happy, that's not enough. I just need some peace with this all. 