So I'm not sure what to doSo I don't know how this works, if this needs to be deleted for breaking any rules (I read through the rules/things on the side), I hope this is okay. Feel free to delete if it's not.

I'm not really sure what to do anymore. Back in april I was hospitalized (for the second time) because of suicidal thoughts/being considered a risk to myself. I thought I was doing okay for a bit after (if it matters, I was diagnosed with bipolar II before hospitalization, then diagnosed with bpd in the hospital, and i've been on meds for about 5-6 years--I'm 21), and despite leaving a hypomanic episode for a depressive episode in september, I still thought I was doing better like okay hey I wasn't spending my time actively planning my suicide??????

So now it's the end of October, and although I've been in a depressive episode for the past two months, I've managed to see friends and go to work, I've missed a lot of classes but overall done well. I guess my problem is that I'm in Florida right now (I'm from toronto, in Gainesville for FEST), and as my friends started to fall asleep tonight (friends including my boyfriend, who I love an incredible amount), I've just found it really really really hard to avoid the suicidal thoughts.
It's like...I love these people, they're great humans. My partner is an amazing person, and even if he wasnt my partner I'd admire him for his work ethic/empathy/general kindness. But like.....I don't know. I'm finding it hard to even want to get up tomorrow, even though some of my favorite bands are playing. I just want to hurt myself so badly I never have to deal with these feelings again, but I guess what my trouble/problem is is that I don't want to hurt anyone I love. 
I know the stereotype with depression is that you believe no one loves you, but I do think people love me. My problem is that because I know people love me I'm really scared to hurt  myself or do anything purely because I don't want other people to feel bad. Like...I guess the tl;dr here is that I know people love me, but I don't want to hurt them, but I also don't know if I can deal with this.
I guess people are gonna say "hang on blah blah people love you" and that's what I would say in someone else's shoes if I were talking to me......but it's too hard to believe and I can't deal with it and it's almost like who cares if someone loves me  if it means being in pain and wanting to die every minute of my life