I am feeling suicidal and need help.So here is my story of why I am here right now. A year ago I met a girl who became my friend and she told me about her plan to commit suicide later that evening, I told her the story of my first actual suicide attempt, and told her how much better my life was, for the next couple of weeks she was throwing so many notes at me, thanking me for saving her. I became attached to her because of it and felt responsible for her. She was abused at home and school. So I took some action, I talked with her mother and got cops on her, so my friend was taken away from her into a foster family which she likes much more and that doesn't put her down, also I tried to give her as much emotional support as I could about her school and low self esteem problems. The only problem for me, is that I was getting more and more attached over time, but I am, being in college and away from her, because she is younger than I am, decided not to try to do anything. When I came home for a winter break she started crying to me about how much she loves me and that she can't live without me. She is not my kind of person at all, I am an introvert, stuck up, friendless and shy. She is an extrovert, likes flirting and going out and has many friends. But I just couldn't help it but accept her love, instantly after I accepted it, she started talking about sex to me, I, being a Christian, told her no, because I am against sex before marriage, and I was surprised by it, because she is a Christian too and wanted to have sex with me on our first date. But my greatest shame is that I accepted that and didn't talk to her about it, I just continued talking about sex to her and made an excuse to do it later, because I felt so in love, I was scared to do one thing wrong and lose her. Then I went to back to college and was talking to her every day as much as I could. Then, less then two weeks later, 4 weeks after we started dating, she said that she had sex with another guy, because she couldn't resist the temptation, and, lost her virginity to another guy.  She said that she regretted it horribly and begged me not to break up with her and cried to me, and I forgave her almost immideatly, I love her so much, I was willing to ignore it and just act like nothing happened. One week later, she became really cold, hardly talk with me and anything. I became really worried and called her and started crying to her telling how much I loved her more than anything and that I felt that I was losing her, she just told me that she is just hanging with her friends and that is all. I found out that day that she was hanging with one friend and I felt like he was getting at her and trying to take her away from me, so I threatened him. Next day I get a response from him saying that he is her actual boyfriend, and I can forget about her, I contacted her and she said that he just think they are dating, but they are not. That was obviously a lie, but I let myself believe in her lie, I didn't want to believe that I was losing her. I love her way too much. Next month was one of the most horrible ones in my entire life, I was going crazy every day because of it, then it turned out that she was actually dating that other guy, but I didn't connect the dots understanding that she already started lying to me and that I was just pushing things to open more truth, she just made it look like she just gave in to him and just need a close friend while I am away, that I have nothing to worry about. I let myself believe in another lie again, I talked with her for quite a lot and decided to trust her every word, she was lying so well. Finally, things got really intense and I was losing it and told her that I want to die, she said she would stop dating him as soon as I come, and I felt so worried, I decided to drop out of college, and when I came to her, I found out that she started screwing him even before I found out she had a friend that she was going out with a lot. She lied to me this whole time, she talked with me about us having sex, and asked me to show myself to her naked on camera, I never made her to show me anything, she just showed her breasts once because she just decided to do so, even when she was screwing that other guy, she still used me for her sexual pleasure. It's been two weeks since, I feel so depressed and dirty, I feel guilty and ashamed of myself, at first I was getting better, but in the last couple of days I got much much worse. I don't have anybody to talk with. I have only one friend left, whom I met in college, he tries to help me, but can't really do much. Other than him and my mom, who just told me to get over it, because she had much worse days before, I have nobody else. I live in a small town in West Virginia, so there is nothing to do here and nowhere to go to meet people or something. I don't know what to do. I am severely depressed already, and every next day I just feel more pain, I know it's getting really risky for me right now, and I know I am starting to feel more and more suicidal. It's sad how it turned out that a person whose life I saved is the reason I want to die right now. But I am smart enough to realize that life can change for the better and that I will find somebody. But right now I am asking for help, because I know I need it. If that helps to people who want to tell me something, I am extremely sensitive person, 19 years old, trying to get a job (unsuccesfully) right now and get back in college. My whole life everybody rejected me, so when a person came up to me and told me that she loved me, I had no power to say no at all, and right now I realize that I really want to find a girlfriend, I never really felt loved by my parents, so love is a really big problem for me. When I fall in love with somebody it is extremely hard for me, because I know I would just get rejected and I feel really bad about it and I just don't want to continue trying to live anymore. This time hit me especially bad, since I was so used and went through a month of lies and worrying every day, while being away at college. I literally looked at my phone for hours waiting for something from her. My first suicide attempt happened because I was bullied for 10 years, until I was 17. So it stopped just two years ago and aftershock is kind of still with me. I know I really need some help, I don't know what exact kind of help do I need, but anything would be greatly appreciated by me. Please, this pain slowly getting more and more unbearable. 