I can't stop ruining my life\[33/M\] I'm at the verge of total life collapse.

This is my third depression episode, diagnosed with severe depression and taking medication.

My life has been and is a mess. Terrible childhood with narcissist mother that abandoned me at 12-y-o. Distant and abusive father that hurt me when he found out I was gay at 15-y-o. Moved to another country at 17-y-o to escape from my father, and joined my awful mother that btw is mentally ill I believe. Lived with her for terrible 5 years and moved to another country alone at 22. In the middle I studied and had jobs. Had my first major depression at 24 while at grad school. Then was more or less stable for some years, because I crafted a new identity that buried my hurtful past (changed name and also lied about my origins).

More recently I had a burnout and quit my well-paid job. Thinking I had recovered, I took another job and had to go on sick leave immediately after starting because of depression. Soon I will have to rely on my partner financially.

I've been in a relationship for 8 years, and had a double life of cheating for 3 years. Now I feel guilty and wonder if I stayed in the relationship for fear of being alone or I really loved my partner.

I live very very far from any family, dont talk to my mother. I have friends, but I cannot share this fucked up background with them. I'm isolating more and more every day, drowning in my thoughts.

I'm doing therapy and all they say is that this takes time. Easy to say when you didn't go through what I've been through.

I feel like my life is over: ruined career, relationship standing but based on lies, identity crisis and dont know who I am as I denied and neglected my origins because of hurtful past, far/estranged from family, isolated. I feel like I'm going mad.

I kinda understand why I wake up every day feeling suicidal.

I read that after a breakdown comes the breakthrough. I just dont see how to continue with this baggage on my shoulders. I stay alive because killing myself would hurt my partner, friends and family. But I'm stuck in a life that I thought fulfilled me, but I was just escaping from myself and burying my traumas and problems being a workaholic, sex addict and crafting an identity and past that now is crumbling.

I'm desperate.