titleWhat a fantastic year it’s been.

The last of my childhood cats passed away. I finally accepted that I’m transgender and took on a whole new class of stresses… among them the worry that it’s far too late for me to make any significant changes to my body, to see the changes I want to see. My insurance jerked me around all year and changed my PCP three times, then cancelled coverage of my antidepressant and antianxiety meds; they cost a combined $550 a month uncovered… which was outside my means. I went without for four months until I could sell enough of my possessions to cover the costs. My girl left me because she felt my depression made me less of an adult (and then sicced her mother on me when I responded poorly to this). I had created a little cadre of friends who shared a few important personality traits and hobbies and most of them cut me out of their lives after she left me. She poisoned for me the hobby we share, that I have put the most time, effort, and money in my life to in the last few years, and now I can barely stand to think about it, let alone engage in it. When I finally reconnected with my psychiatrist, he refused to up my antidepressant and antianxiety dosage despite the rate I was going to pieces. A week before Christmas some useless garbage member of society broke into my family’s home, trashed the place, stole all my mother and I’s jewelry and my dad’s earthquake emergency cash, and let both of our indoor (new) cats escape (they came home, thankfully). My (last before the latest) ex, who I remained very close to after we separated, told me she doesn’t feel our friendship as strongly as she did a year ago, when she called me her best friend and the best person she knew.

I’ve struggled with major depression for my entire life. I’ve hospitalized myself with my attempts twice and I’ve been committed three times; all during years that were hardly any better than this one.  

I contemplate ending my life almost daily. I just don’t see the point of living in a world where this sort of pain is possible. I don’t see an out. I don’t see the world improving, I don’t see my luck improving, I don’t see myself finding a way to manage my depression in a manner that leaves me free from these thoughts.  

I know that if I really wanted to end my life, I could. Trump rolled back regulations preventing mentally ill people from purchasing firearms, and I know of half a dozen gun stores within a ten minute drive from home. I have enough money to buy what I’d need… not that the value would mean anything to a dead person. If it turned out this isn’t possible because of CA’s gun laws, I have a backup plan… I know where I’d go to do it - somewhere I would be found in a day or so, but isolated at night so unlikely to be found in time to be stopped, and not a place that couldn’t simply be hosed down if I chose the messy method.

I know people say that literally any reason to not kill yourself is a good reason not to kill yourself. I still want to see out the end of the MCU. I still care about my hobby, even if I can barely stand to go near it right now, and I’d hate to see my collection go to waste after I died. I’d hate to hurt my parents and the few friends I have left by killing myself…

But ultimately, I’d be dead. I’d have no problems any more. What do movies and hobbies and the pain of others mean to a dead woman?