Only reason to live just packed her bags.I found out this morning that my fiancee of six years has been cheating on me for weeks and I'm basically just the last to find out. She's been leading me on telling me everything is fine, and today she left her gmail logged in with an "incriminating" chat window open before she left for work. Normally, I'd just log her stuff out and do my thing, but the chat was really weird and made me wonder what was going on that she hadn't told me about, so I scrolled up a little... and a little more... and I can't decide whether I wish I hadn't or not. I had no idea whatsoever, I wasn't looking for evidence of anything. I took some logs in case anything happens and I need a paper trail, I sent her some texts that I wish I had slowed down and considered a little more carefully, and basically she came home with a guy and a truck and packed most of her shit and left. She'll be back in the morning to get the rest, she said.

She said she left me because I wasn't taking my depression seriously enough. I dropped out of counseling, and I've been forgetting to take my medication, but I did those for good reasons - the therapist sucked and I have memory issues (it's always been my assumption that they stem from a few too many bumps on the head when I was younger). I've never missed a mental health appointment in my life, in fact I just had one with my psychiatrist on Monday discussing ways to improve my adherence to my regimen (if anybody has any ideas, they're welcome).

The last time I attempted suicide the only reason I aborted was because I didn't want her to suffer through my death. I don't have anything else in my life besides her. I've told her before that if she felt like I was dragging her down she could jump ship, but I assumed she'd do it face to face instead of going behind my back. She said I just wasn't interested in getting better. Well I sure am not now. She's the reason I started doing any of this in the first place. If she's gone, why bother?

We were living with my parents because money was tight -- bad economy, neither of us have degrees, not a great situation -- and I dunno where she is now or what she's doing. Neither of us had real prospects, but we had each other.

I guess I'm just wondering what I'm supposed to do with nothing to live for.

Maybe I won't wake up. That'd be nice.

I dunno why I'm typing all this, I guess I just had to tell somebody.