This is my story. (Long)I don't really know. My name is Alex, my real name. I'll leave that as a clue. I don't really have anywhere else to go, and I feel I've really hit rock bottom this time. I think this place, since I've visited it so much, is a place I want to leave one of my last text posts ever.

This is my real account, I don't have any real shame in hiding that. I'm a 19 year old kid, I should be 20 in two months, the 5th of August. 

I had waited so long to attend my dream school, the United States Naval Academy. I put in the effort, I worked out, I played sports in high school. I thought I had turned in a pretty good resume, and I was fortunate enough to be nominated by three congressional representatives. I was one of the last people to find out that I would not be attending my dream school that fall.

 I graduated, I moved across the country to go to school. It was the only private school I had applied to as my safety, I wanted nothing short of the Naval Academy. But, I had to live in my failure. So I went to Denver. 

I made a lot of good friends, some of the nicest people that I will apologize to in advance for. You were genuinely good people, all of you, even the roommate. Unfortunately though, Freshman year smoked me in the worst way possible. I lost my academic scholarship, I took up drinking and getting fucked up, and worst of all, I regretted not telling her. 

She was a friend I had met on this sketchy app. Of course, we didn't have a perfect relationship, but we stuck together. I didn't have the feelings that you had for me at first, and you stood by me and put up with all my bullshit throughout. I was oh so fortunate to realize how much love I had for you on that bus all the way across the country. I was even luckier when you said yes to me. 

Some of my favorite memories to this day came from the ones we made together. We really did love each other. What we had, was real. I stood by you through your eating disorder, your parents physically fighting with one another, and you stood by me through my depression and even saved my life once.

Life was great, so great that I thought returning home to be closer to you and attending community college was the way to go. I would transfer somewhere, we would stick it out, and get married. I would make bank, and we could give our kids the life that one another couldn't have growing up. You lost your dad in 9/11, I lost mine after his excessive drinking 20 years ago caught up with him. We were meant to be. 

I got bogged down though. Work became miserable, so miserable that I had to leave. My next job was even worse since I was working for my brother, as much of a hardass as he is. I was getting sad again, but this time, you weren't really there. You got busy with your life, and you slowly made new friends that you never had that treated you better than your shitty old ones. 

Slowly, I got more isolated while you got more busy. I had lost all my friends, while you were gaining new ones. You slowly started having less and less time for me, even though I still constantly made the 6 hour drive to see you. 

And then on May 7th, you blindsided me. You dumped me, the day after I got home from seeing you for your birthday. Of course, you tried leaving me a month earlier, but you begged for me back. Of course, I relented at first, but we communicated well. You had me back. 

But yeah. May 7th, you said you wanted to be on your own. You went back on every single thing you had ever promised me. I was reeling, looking for answers. I tried to understand what I had done wrong. 1 year and a half, and you coldly told me there was "nothing left to fight for" after calling me husband material and your soulmate days earlier. You said you weren't going to be like every other girl who had left me. You promised me you were different. 

You weren't.

Actually, that's not true. You were different. You betrayed me in a way no girl before you ever had, and tore me down like I was worthless. Thank you for that. You said you wanted to go to college, and admitted that your friends told you that being single was the way to go. I was heartbroken, and I still am, a month later. 

So here I am, up late at night. Many restless nights since you left me, trying to understand and figure out who I am. You lied to me. 

And now, I think I will end my time here. I'll check out of your life, and give you exactly what you want, and check myself out of mine. No, I didn't deserve the ending that I got. I didn't deserve to be faulted for every problem our relationship had while you took no blame at all. I didn't deserve to not have my dad or one of my best friends at my graduation, because they're spending the rest of eternity buried in the same row of a cemetery together. 

I wanted better, and I always patiently worked through everything that I was given. But, today, my patience has run out. I'm just tired of all the sleepless nights over you and everything else that has happened. I'm tired of all the wrong that I did indeed commit. I'm just tired of living this life that is called my own.

So Caroline, go fuck yourself. I am genuinely glad that you're happy, I really am. I have the forgiveness and the goodwill to say that, I don't believe in being angry forever, as life is so short. I do love you so much, and I will keep that promise to you. Why? Because that's who I am, the one who isn't scared to tell the truth. The one who isn't afraid of admitting he's wrong. I'm the guy that was going to work so hard to be the best dad he could be someday, but I think you're the life lesson that taught me this life isn't worth living anymore.