It's the kindest thing I can do for this world.My entire life I've been surrounded by violence, lies and manipulation. When you can't escape it at home or at school, it gets bred into ya. I've lashed out a lot and I've pushed a lot of people away because I'm toxic. I'm good for 2 things, violence and survival. But somehow I ended up prioritising the survival of the pack over survival of myself and even though I've experienced a lot of pain and violence I still don't hate others and I don't actively want to hurt people. But at the same time the more my life goes on the more and more I'm confronted by people that would go an harm others because it makes them feel better because they like throwing their weight around. That's something I don't do. I'd rather bring out the best in those around me but when people don't want you to bring out the best in yourself then there's a problem. They wanna take a swing at me, fine the first one is free. They never take that second swing because they know what's coming. But I'm so fucking sick of Violence in places that are meant to be safe and peaceful. 

I'm sick of being a slave to minimum wage which i have been for the past 5 fucking years; bled for rent, and I mean if it smells like shit everywhere I go then it's probably me but if everyone else is saying it's not me then I have no fucking clue. 

And I' angry about it. Angry that people who lie, manipulate, bully and steal get ahead in life where as the people who value peace get left behind. Unfortunately someone like me is built for war, and I'm even too fucked up for somewhere like the military and I'm smart enough to stay out of prison. So when I say I'm torn between killing others and inflicting pain,  Creating a Riot and killing myself you've gotta understand. I'm pretty far gone. I have one thing that sort of kept me going but having to eat; therfore having to work, therefore having a body that is constantly in pain and have no freetime are reality. 

I'm a disapointment to my family. But that's nothing new, I've always been a waste of space, good for nothing. I was never allowed any freedoms growing up. Mum even told me on multiple occaision,s that she regretted not having the abortion. 

So yeah, noone wants anything to do with me and I don't want much to do anyone because anyone who wants to be my friend is lieing and trying to hustle me/take advantage of me. Don't get me wrong I'd like to procreate, have a family. Wife and some beautiful kids but I'm afraid that I might lash out at somepoint, and I especially absolutely wouldn't want to hurt a hypothetical family.  
The cycle has gotta end with me. So if I kill myself; I can't hurt anyone else. I can't hurt a family I don't have, I can't be assaulted at work, I can't go blow up cars and buildings, I can't loot and petrol bomb shops and police cars in a riot. 

So if I die, it's better for everyone.