For the first time ever, feeling genuinely suicidalHello all, (on mobile so forgive me for any grammatical errors. Throwaway account, for obvious reasons)

The title alone surprises me. I'm 17 and nearing the end of High School. I recently received my first car and I'm modestly popular. However, I now feel genuinely suicidal for the first time-- ever. I'd view myself as the "least-expected" type: straight-As, friends, up-beat, sarcastic, and cheery.

As some of you may or may not know, a recent documentary on Michael Jackson focusing on some of his charges and allegations has surfaced, leading to some controversy. I mention this as prior to my knowledge of such documentary, I enjoyed his music and style, and even recently began to learn to dance similar to him (I always believed I was terrible at dancing until I tried it and was pleasantly surprised). I wanted to do performances and dance for friends and people. However, with all the commotion and divide over the documentary (I'm not taking sides, both arguements have their own pluses and minuses. I'm absolutely not in favor of his behaviour with children to begin with; however, do believe in the idea of enjoying the creation, not the creator), I've completely lost my fun and excitement. Why bother dancing when you'll be labeled as someone who sides with a molester or rapist. Why bother when people will immediately view you as scum of society if you dance or imitate a move of his. I just like his music and dance. I don't view myself as one of the over-obsessed superfans who riot and call for the death of HBO. But I feel like a part of my enjoyment and thrill is gone.

Furthermore, I feel as if my life has little to no significance, whatsoever. I understand the "your family, and friends value you" premise; but, in the grand scheme of humanity, I'm a stupidly insignificant speck that might as well not even be mentioned. So many others have done so much more than I have in their first 17 years of life (I don't specifically mean of wealthy, but I don't believe I've done anything to contribute to society or mankind and my time is fleeting). This likely sounds like a stereotypical statement from a school-suicide prevention video, but people have always had relatively high expectations for me-- grandparents, relatives, and even classmates.

I have trouble sleeping, absolutely no desire to eat whatsoever (sometimes for days on-end), and no desire to socialize or participate in events such as prom. I want to become a commerical pilot rated on the 737NG/MAX (or any Boeing-jet for that matter) later in life as a career and I'm currently pursuing FAA-medical exams, training, and more. This has been a dream of mine since forever; yet, I just now "don't care" anymore. 

My mother has started to note of these behavioural changes and tries to start conversation but it usually gets nowhere. She'll pack lunches in hope I'll eat them but I just have no desire to eat. I don't mean to be disrespectful or anything, just that I don't feel well opening up to her (knowing it'll spread like wildfire throughout the family tree). I've considered CO poising as well as drowning and actually looked into the options.

Nonetheless, I feel puzzled with myself currently. I've never been even close to a emotional/psychological situation like this before and don't know if I should just suck it up and view it as a "phase" or not. Many of my reasons, I'll admit, are stupid. Thanks for your time reading.