I'm tired of this cycleI'm 30, have a great job, a loving fiance, am in the process of buying a house, and yet I hate myself. Last night I saw a doctor and started the process of "getting help" again. The last time was December of 2016 after a family member committed suicide. I took the pills. I felt better for awhile. The referral psychiatrist saw me once then blew off my follow-ups (with one month waits between each subsequent cancellation). The meds stopped working. The negative voice in my head came back. I quit the meds and tried to manage it alone. (I don't have a family doctor.) It went as well as expected.

I've been in talk therapy for 6 years with no diagnosis or sense of why I'm this way. I'm not convinced talking is helping anymore. $120/hr sessions to talk about B.S. is losing tangible value. Talking about how anxious I am over trivial crap and how awful I always feel doesn't stop me from feeling that way. There is no relief. 

I know I've made some progress. I'm aware of my episodes into misery and self-loathing--can calmly identify them. But that's it. I'm still a garbage person who can be an asshole. I project my outward misery onto the people close to me and drive them away. Talking about it doesn't change what I am or how I feel.

I just received an email from a now former friend who ghosted me, telling me I made them feel bad. I wish they would have told me. I never intended to make them uncomfortable. Whenever I felt like a joke went to far, I apologized and checked-in. I'm devestated that they felt this way and that I'm the cause of it. It feels like I'm always the cause. I've thought about suicide a lot these last few months. I have impulses on my morning and evening commutes to step in front of the train. This latest failure seems to only cement the belief I already hold about myself: I'm the problem.

I don't see any positive impact left by me. Just ugliness. And exhaustion. I'm so tired all the time. I know there's an imbalance somewhere, assuming this time "getting help" goes somewhere other than another dead end. But even if I do, how do I live with the wake of shittiness I've left behind me? When you've been the problem for so long, does it matter if you find a solution?

Today I took a sick day. I have no plans to self-harm. Just self-care. And drink, I guess. I feel alone, and broken, and hopeless. But what else is new? Feeling not-like this is the aberration. I just... Something has to give. I need to stop being this way. Stop projecting my anger, unhappiness, and fear onto the world. I just wish I knew a way that isn't giving up.

Because I really want to give up. 