A calming thought as I travel down my pathI think about killing myself a lot. How to do it, where to do it, when to do it. I imagine what my funeral would be like. When I daydream I think about who would be there, and what would be said about me. I’m not sure if I’m ever going to reach the point of no return, but that doesn’t stop me from thinking about it. 

Two years ago I came pretty close. It was my first year in college, and it was the usual suspects: loneliness, failure in classes, lack of motivation, etc. I tried therapy, that didn’t work. I would lie to the shrink about how I was feeling because I don’t like talking about it. Got on some antidepressants and I guess those helped a bit. Changed scenery, made new friends, created new opportunities.

Now I’m back. This time it’s all about stress. I became president of the soccer club here. I always have been a big dreamer. I took it upon myself to enter the club into an organized league. The to do list has been unbelievable. Add all of my regular classes, the fact that I’ve been sucking ass at practices lately, unknown plans for work in the summer, and a dwindling amount of money and energy, and you’ve got a real cluster fuck. 

There’s one thing that’s kept me going, at least for the time being. When I was in high school oh so long ago, I took a basic astronomy class. Among the things I learned was the multiverse theory. If you aren’t familiar, here’s a brief rundown. There could be an infinite amount of universes out there beyond our own. And they would all be uniquely different from each other. This means that out there right now there is a universe where everything is exactly the same and I’m typing this same thing right now, and the only difference is that there is one less atom in existence. There’s also a universe where Harry Potter is not only real, but jacking off to a vr porno featuring yours truly getting fucked in the ass by an ostrich. The possibilities are literally endless. 

And here is why this calms me down a bit: out there, somewhere, is a universe where at this very second, I am as happy as I can possibly be. A universe where everything that has happened to me has had the best possible outcome. Where every interaction I’ve ever had with anyone has been the best it could possibly be, and everything has gone right for me, and always will. A perfect version of who I am now. 

And even though it definitely isn’t this universe, it’s nice to think that somewhere out there, 

I’m doing ok. 

Goodnight everybody. See you tomorrow.