Suicidal thought buildupI get regularly depressed; it's been that way for a really long time. And until this past few months I've managed to keep it under control. I pushed myself out of bed, showered, went to class, swam as a workout, etc. I graduated last summer and moved in with my girlfriend (she's wonderful).

But, as of now I have had a lot of job submissions and interviews but have landed nothing. As everyone is aware, living is expensive, and I've seen my bank account just chip away as I look around for employment. I can barely afford the basics for my girlfriend and myself. And those old thoughts, those deep dark *sad* thoughts, have caught up with me. Those thoughts that *you're worthless* or *you can't do anything right*, creep up on me even when I'm doing fine.

Simple critiques of me just have devastating effects: I lose my sense of hunger, I don't sleep; thinking of what I did wrong, my everyday motivation and creativity just evaporate. Then those feelings make me less social and more irritable and then I realize I'm not treating people as well as I should be... The cycle continues in this negative feedback loop.

And it's just accumulating to a point where I find myself thinking about killing myself on a regular basis. I know that ending my life will be a living nightmare for those that I love and care about. It will follow my parents, my brother, my girlfriend and her family, and my friends until they die.

But I just *can't* keep going on like this. I'm probably not giving my wonderful girlfriend the love she deserves. Right now all I feel is that deep gut hurt, the empty feeling that just sucks color away from life. I just need help. Maybe a little space and a soft cry will help. I honestly didn't think I would be showing my thoughts anywhere, especially on the internet. To whomever is reading this, thank you. I hope you are OK.

PS Just proofreading this helped me a little. I'm still in a lot of pain, but I'm surprised just how much typing my thoughts cleared my mind a little.