This is an actual s/reddit? If anyone needs to talk fill the comments I got life answers that werent taught. :)Ive thought about the S word as a concept, not as a performance. Life and Death are some of our biggest questions. Yet no one likes to talk about either as Life is too confusing, while Death is a time of Remorse for most. People will think about anything with either little/large interest as its in our nature as humans. Our thinking is also shaped by our surroundings/environment, your view on the world is based on first your mother/father, immediate family, extended family, classmates/friends, then a view that you put together of both society and the world. Your entire life is your personal translation of what others have tried to communicate to you. With 8hrs of sleep and 16hrs of being awake, how we spend our 16hrs adds first to routine, then habit, eventually becoming a part of who you are through repetition and familiarity. Eventually if you smoke a cigarette everyday, it takes up a percentage of your thinking throughout the day, slowly becoming a part of your "Usual" day. Ive found the same happens with literally everything. See depressing things = become depressed, See constant things that make you happy EX: Ice Cream, favorite music, best nostalgia etc. As kids we are all happy because were 100% of unknown knowledge of the world, as with age we learn and know more about what correct choices are without ever considering why we want to make those choices. Past influence is how mistakes/issues with your self at younger ages, screws up choices for your current self and potentially blocks out the future self entirely. A 90yo you would be pissed off if his 13 year old self picked up the habit of smoking, or his 18yo self picked up drinking habits, 22yo self picked up hard drugs, and 24yo self made major life regrets. But hey the 90yo self also made it all the way to 90, so he has to thank his previous years for the high five for life to the actual end. Which is Lvl/Age 100 :D. read or not, we only got roughly 100 circles around the earth til we all turn back into space dust, use it remembering the past years, or planning the future years. 
TLDR: Age ? = you, Age 100 = This is your future self say hi to mom and dad, without them you would be, well, you wouldn't be XD