"Are you getting fat?"She said, as she patted my stomach. What she said was serious. There was no joke or sarcasm with it. 

No, mom. I'm not getting fat. I am a perfect weight for my age and height, something I've struggled with my entire life. All my life I've been underweight. I'm a normal weight now, and you don't like it apparently. 

My mother is not old, she is not senile. She is 49, I am 15. What kind of person says that to their fifteen year old daughter, none the fucking less says that while patting their stomach? Excuse me for not having my stomach be concave, not that it ever was to begin with. The only reason why she noticed my stomach wasn't perfectly flat was because I was in my slightly tight Halloween costume. My stomach does not stick out, it does not hang out. Any other regular shirt shirt, you can't notice jack. Why? Because there's nothing there to see. And, hate to fucking break it to you, but stomachs aren't naturally flat to begin with. You've got flipping organs in there. Where they're supposed to be. Imagine filling up a water balloon and then getting upset when it's not flat.

I JUST. LITERALLY JUST got over having some other unrelated body image issues, no thanks to her, of course. I could have really used her support, and all that I got from her was basically if I feel bad about my body, then I must have been sexually assaulted, and if I wasn't sexually assaulted then I'm just bitching and we (but mostly she) should just ignore my problems. 

I cut myself for the first time in several months because of what she said. I literally have not cut since the beginning of summer. I don't know if I'll be able to change in the girl's locker room tomorrow. I don't feel like eating. Again. It's not the first time she's done this to me. Commenting about my eating or making a remark about my body... 

I remember one time, when I was ten or eleven, still severely underweight, she forced me to lift up my shirt to show my stomach. I don't remember what it was she said, but I know she used the word fat, and was talking about me. I had only been gaining weight because I hit puberty, but it was still healthy weight gains, and I was still underweight. Even when I was seven, she made me feel bad about my eating. It stuck in my head, not the words, but what she was implying and how I felt afterwards. 

And, the bitch has the audacity to notice I suddenly have an attitude, and calls me out on it as if I'M doing something wrong. You really don't think what you said and did wasn't hurtful and repulsive? Not in the slightest? I swear to God, she never takes up her own responsibilities. Slimy  bitch herself is obese, probably over 200 pounds, and she's 4'11, an inch smaller than me. Why doesn't she get her own shit together before bothering me with mine, which is non existent to begin with?

I feel horrible again. I feel bad about my stomach, I feel bad about my breasts, I feel bad about my thighs. I had just barely gotten over feeling bad about my body. And now it's back. I'm probably not eating dinner tonight now, I completely lost any will to eat. My Halloween is ruined because instead of enjoying myself, I'm going to be stressing about my costume and everybody seeing my stomach, even though I know you can't see it because I'm not fat. I wanted to spend the weekend over my cousin's house, but now I don't think I want to because they pay attention to whether you eat or not, unlike my parents, so not eating for a few days will certainly raise an alarm. 

A billion thoughts and flashbacks of being teased and taunted, both (and mostly) by my mother and other people are racing through my head, and I want it to stop. I want to lie down, go to sleep, and miss Halloween and the entire weekend, and just wake up in the morning to go to school. At least at school I'm too distracted by work to be reminded of your shitty behaviour. Imagine how badly you've gotta fuck up to have a teen rather go to school on a Monday than have Friday, Saturday, and Sunday off, AND miss Halloween JUST because that means having to deal with you.