I tried.I tried so fucking hard but I can’t. For the past 15 years I’ve been thinking about killing my self and desperately trying to  find a reason to live. But I can’t help myself and trying to help me is like swimming across the fucking Atlantic it’s not possible. The suicide hotline hung up on me twice today because I’m a fucking loser that’s why. I’m fucking worthless I cut myself over 20 times in the last week or so because the pain is the only thing that makes the anxiety attacks go away. When I was 16 I tried to kill myself By taking - and I put this on whatever little worth my life has -  40 Advil’s, a full bottle of Tylenol extra strength aspirin percocets Xanax I took so many drugs and downed a big handle of vodka and I felt myself slip away. I thought my last thoughts and I was content with dying right there but all of the suddden I wake up and I don’t know where I am. Did I die? Did I live? I still don’t know if I’m alive or if I died on that night 5 years ago. I think I did die and went to hell because I did not think it could get any worse and it just keeps getting worse I just can’t why can’t I fuck fuckfuck fuck. I can’t stop crying what kind of fucking man am I? I don’t have anyone. The only thing that stays by my side is the pneumonia that’s been following me for months and driving me insane because I don’t want to be sick. I don’t want to stress my mom out. I don’t want to be in pain I don’t like being sad but I honesty don’t remember how it fees to be happy. I can’t do it. I don’t even fucking like Reddit but I used to write all these thoughts in a notebook but if someone ever found my notebook I’d fucking drown myself in my toilet. I’m not even funny. Fuck. The only thing that calms me down is weed but this fucking pneumonia means I can’t smoke. I can’t even fucking smoke what the hell. Whatever god is watching over us, whoever or whatever it or they might be. They’re fucking assholes. I know life’s not suppose to be fair for everyone but I’ve always put others ahead of myself. I can honestly say,taking this statement to my god damn grave, that I might be one of the most selfless people to ever walk this beautiful planet. And holy shit it’s a beautiful planet filled with beautiful people. I just wish I had it in me to continue. I’m sorry mom I fucking love you so much and I know I’m gonna make you cry but I’m sorry I just can’t. I just can’t. I failed you I can’t. I love myself but I don’t like living. If anyone actually wasted their time to make it this far into the mad rants of a fucking lunatic looser I just want to say that I’d probably beat your ass in smash bros or any video game or trivia. Just for the record. Incase someone finds this after I off myself and knows that jason was the fucker who wrote this. I just don’t know how to do it. Overdosing didn’t work (supposedly, if I am alive right now and not rotting in hell like  I think I am) and the last thing I want to do is hang myself and traumatize whoever finds me. I think. Maybe a bridge. That’s symbolic. I like symbolism. I wanted a bunch of symbolic tattoos but not anymore. I think I need to start drinking to cope. But 
Never mind. I don’t know when but I’m gonna do it. For once in my life I’m gonna man up and be a selfish asshole and do what I want to do. commit suicide. 