I didn't even realize it was possible to fall even lower than I have before.I'm 25. I have an education. However, I've had a messed up life. Parental divorce/abuse lasted for years (divorced when I was 3). It gave me a slew of problems. I'm not in the best health. I lost all my weight but I'm still feeling really horrible. My back hurts, my arms and knees dislocate on a whim (if I'm not REALLY careful). I'm suicidal and stopped looking for a job (I rely on mturk and my small ebay store to pay my rent). I don't want to work. I want to lay down and die.

I'm a bad friend. My friend saved me from a suicide attempt a few years ago but I can't keep being an emotional drain on him. He says I'm not but I know I am. All I am is a drain on him and his wallet.

I'm very poor. Even one of my idiot friends somehow landed a job making $68k a year. I quit the only job I've had in years after a month from the stress (I worked in a factory abroad).

There is no support system for me. My mom loves me and my dad does to, but they don't understand how ill I am. 

I'm also nihilistic. I see no point in life. There's no use trying that "there's no point, so just do whatever" mumbo jumbo on me. I believe when I die, I will rot in the ground. I gave up on religion a long time ago. I no longer even have the urge to do drugs like I used to. In fact, I hate them.

Besides this one friend, I see no point in living. I also told him that unless I find a reason to live, when he and everyone else go home for break I will end it. I don't want to exist anymore. There is nothing for me. Sure people will be sad and cry a lot, but what will I care if I'm gone? I'll be dead. It won't matter.

Nobody wants a loser leach nobody who can barely pay his bills. It's not 100% horrible being dirt poor (1/4 of poverty line), but what's horrible is the $30,000 in loans I'll likely never pay back. What's horrible is me not ever being able to afford a doctor or qualify for Medicaid. Even then, why should I take it when someone that wants to live can have it? I don't even want to live in the US if I choose to live. If some sort of miracle happens in the next 10 days (and I use that term lightly), maybe I'll stick around for a little while longer. I'm an embarrassment to everyone. My dad has stepchildren that are extremely well adjusted, make tons of money, etc. He hasn't treated me as fairly but he'll see when he loses his only son and regrets not coming to see me not caring for me as much, etc. Maybe he will love me more when I'm dead.

No pill can change my mind. I've been on enough in my day. Xanax (thanks brain zaps), Klonopin (thanks addictive/impulsive characteristics), Trazedone, Wellbutrin (thanks permanent tinnitus).

I can't escape. Video games bore me. I have 350 games on steam and I play none of them. Drugs bore me. No point being high anymore. Alcohol bores me. No point drinking just to puke. TV bores me. Haven't watched it in years. Sex? I stopped trying to have it years ago. The only time I've come close is when I molested my babysitter at age 5.

Go ahead and tell me to diet, exercise, etc. I've already tried that. I was back benching 240 at 12% bodyfat and I was still miserable. I had a great diet until I developed bulimia. Now I'm on a binge cycle and already regained some of the weight (glad I'm broke so I can't buy food). Tell me to read. I've read everything. Shakespeare, Sun Tzu, Poe...done it. Tell me to meditate. I've done it. Try therapy? Done. Quit masturbating? I've done that to. Go outside and play? I've done that to. Learn another language? I'm bilingual. I also know basics in 3-4 other languages. 

Anyways sorry for the long rant. Nobody here can do anything anyways. I just needed to calm down so I can rationally think about what's going to happen before new years. I needed to organize my thoughts while I prepare what goes to who in my will (whatever shit's leftover).