No emotions, no words.Well, I’m not sure where to start. To be completely honest, today wasn’t bad. My friends and I woke up at noon, and we smoked a bit and had a decent time. I went to work for a short time and it wasn’t too bad. However, Today was just a day. I didn’t really feel like it held any significance. Just another time where I wake up and do things. It wasn’t until tonight where I felt sad. And I’m not even quite sure if that’s what emotion I’m feeling.
I haven’t spoken to my friend Nate in a long time. We had a bit of a fallout a few months ago. Yesterday, I meant to text my family that I wouldn’t be coming home that night, and I was just crashing at my friend’s place, and mistakenly sent it to him instead. I was horrified at first. But I calmed down, silenced my phone, and just sat with my 2 friends in a parking garage. My one friend had recently gotten a new bong and we were passing that around. Yes, I smoke…. Sue me. My phone buzzed and I was honestly stunned when I saw his name pop up on the screen. I swiped over and put in my passcode and the message read: “How have you been?”. My friends that I was currently with at the time know about the Nate situation, and they disapprove of me speaking to him, so I kept it cool….. I put my phone down and wasn’t sure how to reply or if I even should. Passing the bong around a few more times, I finally just picked up my phone and replied.
“I’ve been alright.” 
I’m not sure if I really have been alright, but at the same time, he doesn’t know me anymore, I don’t know him anymore. Is he even deserving of knowing how I am.
Messages continued to pop on my phone throughout the day today, replies are minutes to hours apart. Nothing interesting was said. He asked how I was, I asked how he was.
Throughout the day today I felt things actually weren’t bad, but I didn’t feel that things were good either. They just sort of “where…” I laid down in my bed and thought about my week as a whole. 
Things were fine as expected but why do I feel so careless? Like “meh things are things” kind of mentality. My birthday is in a few days and I don’t really care. Its not sad, its just another day to me honestly. My friends want to try some sort of psychedelic on my birthday because why not. Part of me said no, but I’m beginning to think “why not, who cares.”  I’m just beginning to feel more and more separated from things. Im not mad, not sad, not scared….. just there. My best friends feel like strangers to me and I feel like im putting on a face to save face.
I’m laying here tonight still thinking about simple and mundane things, and I find myself thinking about this:
If I just took a bunch of pain pills right now, that would be ok.
Typically when I have a suicidal episode, I’m in a fit of sadness where I feel as if the world is crashing down. Tears running down my face and ugly crying. Im inconsolable. However, tonight it doesn’t even phase me. I can honestly say that right now im not really feeling any emotion. I could kill myself and I’m ok with that. My world isn’t burning down, and it’s turning. Im just exhausted. I don’t understand how and what and why I feel like this. Because I feel nothing.
What is going on?
