My years of being abused as a child are starting to catch up to me again and I want to die.I start out every day fine regardless of which nightmare my head was thrown into that night whether it was seeing a dog's head ripped off and plush animal heads sewn onto the neck or landing ontop of trucks with severed body parts strapped to the top in handcuffs. However, as the day goes on, my invasive thoughts get harder to manage depending on how distracted I am with my activities.

They set in at varying times but I can rarely escape them when the sun goes down unless I'm getting talked to sleep by my amazing boyfriend. Even then, however, they plague me in the space between wakefulness and sleep and in my dreams. I can't stop them, truly. I try so fucking hard.

I try so very hard to keep them out, it isn't right that I should still be experiencing this problem when the guy who sexually abused me as a kid went to jail and is a registered sex offender and my bipolar/PTSD mom has had her meds adjusted correctly for the most part for a few years now. I worked so hard in therapy and mental hospitals to overcome these thoughts of worthlessness, sadness, suicide and the like that I feel so weak knowing I'm reverting. 

I cry myself to sleep a few times a week, my moods switch so easily, I feel like nobody really understands what I try to tell them. I can't or won't show these emotions for fear of being a burden. I feel stupid, silly, like it isn't even worth talking about. I just want someone to tell me that it isn't my fault.

I have been thinking about suicide a lot lately. I don't deserve to be here. Yet I mostly feel this way during the night. As the day goes on, my moods becomes more dark and depressive. I don't how to stop it or how to explain it to anyone.

My partner and I are currently getting more intimate. How do I tell him that I enjoy his touch and desperately want to roll with the punches and deal with my feelings head on but I go through awful stages of re-association of what I went through, that sexual experiences automatically have a negative mental connotation with me? He does things I had unconsciously avoided in my last relationship so as to not have an upsurge in certain memories but now that I am discovering I did that, those memories are all coming back again. 

I am leaving for college soon. I am getting out of the house where I had my room flipped and thrown around/ at me and was kept from school when missing assignments to miss even more and my mom drove against traffic to kill herself and I was tackled and had to break her fingers to get her off and I was the scapegoat for every problem and kept in certain positions until I couldn't physically do it and called a bitch, a loser, weak, I should just get out and was talked about in front of my sweet brother like I wasn't there and when I said "I hate you both" he broke down crying and I was told it was my fault he was crying and there was always yelling and screaming. And crying. But I was told that that's all in the past so I feel weak for even caring about any of that anymore. Yet, I'm excited to be gone. I feel like none of this really matters.

I am always the strong one. The one people rely on to always have it together. And I want to die of the exhaustion.