Once upon a time... 

There was once a boy who was never frowning. He always laughed. He was always the one who made jokes. But when he got home, he would lay in his bed and immediately begin crying. For a while he didn’t know why, all he knew was that he had to. After a while, he realized it wasn’t consistent. Not the crying, but the reason. Most days it would be the sheer pain he held inside him from others. But other days he was just tired of holding a fake smile all day. He could laugh and joke during the day, but he was broken and he knew it. He began seeing himself in a different way. He saw himself as a monster. He decided he wanted the monster to go away. He was still there in school, but it wasn't the same boy. Nobody saw the signs. Nobody read between the lines. The boy was in so much pain it followed him wherever he went. He no longer wanted to laugh or smile. He didn't even want to exist. One day another girl asked him, "If you had one wish, what would it be?”. His first thought was to die in his sleep that night. He began to cry while typing out the letters, "I-D-K”. Very soon after this, he began to physically feel as though there was a hole in him. Like he was so broken on the inside that he could feel it. Of course, it was in his head. One day he accidentally dropped a glass and it shattered. His first thought was to grab one to ‘save’ for later. So he grabbed it, and his mom told him to go back to his room so he doesn't step on glass as she picked it up for him. He glanced back at her and said, "thank you and sorry”. Once he got back to his room, he stared at the shard of glass in fear of what he could do with it. No less than five minutes later, he began to cut his wrists so that the physical pain would overcome the mental pain. It felt good. But all of a sudden, the pain and guilt slipped back in. He realized that he cut himself… his own skin. He saw the power that he had over his life. He decided to stop cutting. But the next day the pain was so bad, that he begged himself for the moment the physical pain set in. He began to cut again. One day, before school, the pain came... in a large wave. He knew if he spoke to anyone he would burst out crying. He thought of the embarrassment that would come with it. So, he remained silent. That’s what he did. Do you know what hurt even more than the initial pain. He got about three people who asked, "Are you okay?”. With a single, “Yes, I'm fine.” they walked away. All he wanted was for someone to stay. To care. To want to sit next to him. So, he began joining calls after school after he finished crying. They asked him how he was. That made him happy. Just those few words kept him going. That boy to this day lives for the people around him. Not for himself… but for his mother, father and people around him. He wants to fade away terribly. I want to fade away terribly. I live for the people around me. I don’t know how much more I can take. Please pay attention to the details, and care about everyone.