I'm having suicidal thoughts, but don't want to diei’ve been some having suicidal thoughts in the last few weeks. i don’t want to kill myself, and i don’t necessarily want to die. i'm having feelings of worthlessness, feeling alone (my best friend just moved to the other side of the world), and that I matter to no one. i just turned 30 in May, and i feel so unaccomplished.

Last October, I spent a weekend in the ER when I went in for suicidal thoughts. It was the scariest thing I had ever done, but I was officially diagnosed with depression and anxiety, began taking medication, and seeing a therapist.

Things were on the up &amp; up until recently. I had a job that was supposed to be for 3 months (working in TV), but it got cut short and the show went on hiatus. that was the end of april. i haven't been able to find another job. my mother supports me financially and i feel guilty for it. i live in LA and she's on the east coast. she struggles enough to make her own ends meet, and then she has to worry about me. she's beyond retirement age and still working because of me.

sleeping has been horrible for me lately. i go to bed around 4-5am, and wake up between 2-5pm. it makes the day go by faster when i have NOTHING to do.

the only reasons i won't kill myself is because i don't think i'm capable of physically harming myself, i don't want to do that to my mom, i don't want to leave my cats alone, and (the stupidest reason imo) i don't want to miss the newest season of big brother.

i've thought about going back to the ER, but that wasn't the best experience, being on suicide watch, having no privacy, and having guards staring at me 24/7.

i have an appointment with my therapist this weekend, but I don't want to tell her what I've been feeling. 

i'm also debating on whether or not to tell my mother. i didn't tell her about going to the ER in October, she found out from a friend and flew out to be with me. 

TL;DR, i feel alone, haven't expressed my thoughts &amp; feelings to anyone. i have reasons not to kill myself, but i feel like i have nothing to live for. 