I can't forgive myselfNew here, using a throwaway account.

I've been struggling with mental health issues for a long time. I've gotten much better about being open and honest with friends and family, and I've received a lot of support from people who care about me.

My problem arises from the fact that I did some really repulsive, horrible things when I was a teenager. Everyone who knows me tells me I'm one of the most kind, caring people they know. This should make me feel better about myself and my situation, but I wind up feeling more angry and more hopeless every time someone tells me that, because they don't know what I've done, and if they did, they wouldn't want anything to do with me.

I guess I just don't know what the fuck to do anymore. I really don't plan on killing myself but the thought is in my head 24/7. I'm constantly fantasizing about how I'd do it, and where, and what I'd leave behind for people who know me. I hate myself for thinking that way because some of my friends and family have committed suicide in the past, and I still feel the empty, hollow feeling they've left behind. I would hate to let anyone else feel that same way, but sometimes I feel like I deserve it.

Recently I stopped drinking and doing drugs (I've never been a huge drug user, just semi-daily weed use and the occasional stimulant or psychedelic) in an attempt to gain better control over my emotions, but now I feel less in control than ever. I've set up a meeting with a therapist, but it's not for at least another week and I don't know if I can last that long without doing something stupid. I recently started self-harming after many years without it and I feel ashamed every time I make another cut on my arm.

The support that makes other people feel stronger just makes me feel like more of a worthless, shitty person. All these people put their faith in me and offered me their strength, and I've already let them down because of some idiotic decisions I made years and years ago.

I'm a bad person and I don't deserve anyone's love. How can I get that across to my friends? And how can I live with myself?