I am Worthless..Well how can I put it? I feel I've been given this life without a choice. 
I was never truly meant to be born into this world and now I have to drag my feet through it all. 

at the age of 22 I've been "you're too young to even think those sort of ways" "Life is too precious to give up" "You're still young, you can do it" But are those words true and genuine? 

I'm Mentally/Emotionally and of somewhat physically disabled. I was 18 years old when my mother left me. I didn't have anyone to lean on after that, yes I do have my step father and my half sister and not to mention the rest of my family to give me support but I can only take so much of this internal pain I have.

I was given government money for my disabilities or other known as "SSDI" or Social Security Disability Income. I was young and naive and wasn't sat down and told what I should really do with it. after the course of years being able to have that to help me, Social security took it and told me I have "lack of documents for my disabilites" I have documents that date back in 1996.

There have been places I've been sent to for professional help and facilities that have a group of people who have similar problems, I've been sent there many times from the age of 13 years old to 16 years old at those times, 
Due to being sent to a place called 'Pine Rest' was because I was always suicidal and evaluated me there as a in-patient. after all that.. I'm still the same way as I was when I was younger.

I have Major Depression, High anxiety, Very claustrophobic, panic attacks, ASD "Autistic spectrum disorder", Functional Limb Weakness, Suicidal thoughts, black outs, Cognitive Impairment, those are some of the things I suffer from.

I've had Cancer and 2 strokes when I was a baby. I've gone through chemotherapy and radiation. Those factors make a huge toll on you and it can affect your life drastically.

I've graduated from high school but I don't have a diploma, but a Certificate of Completion.. and with having that I can't get into any college... I've tried going for a GED but I was scored "under average" and they took about over $200 of my money as well..

Social security sends me countless notices that I have to pay $12,000 dollars, in which I do not have at all. I even struggle with trying to find a job to pay that..

I've done over 90 applications and I've only gotten 1 interview. I've been having major depression over this and I've been trying to file for an appeal for SSDI back. I've learned of my mistakes back then and I want to be able to support myself properly..

I've been thinking about making a waiver for the money I don't have but I'm scared that they will decline my waiver and yet they think I can work a full-time, 7 days a week job. I can't because I suffer from a lot of my limitations. I can only do maybe 2 days out of a week and 4-5 hours of work for those 2 days.

I just don't know what to do.. I'm disabled and I can't even find a job, being a young person and dealing with all this on my shoulders really hurts me especially mentally. 

It's hard for young people to find a job, it's even harder for people like myself to get a job and I'm left with nothing truly...

I just want my life to end, I feel worthless, a dead beat to society,
a helpless nobody, Someone with no value at all to life, waste of life and blood, a mockery to the human race.. I can't deal with this and I'm struggling so much and with no money coming in.. I just feel if I take my life, I won't have to suffer through this. It's better to end your life because it's more easier but to live your life everyday is painful and miserable.

I've been starving myself for the past few weeks, with only eating little by having some dinner and that's all because of my depression sinks into my head and with only dark clouds of negativity. I've lost my appetite due to it and I'm wasting away..

I want nothing more than my life to be ended so I can feel at peace and be with my mother again. She was the only one who truly known who I was and what I've gone through because. She's my mom and without her I can't go on anymore..

I've tried to kill myself countless times but that was when I was younger and I didn't get a %100 success rate due to failing or my mom/dad stopping it..

The suicidal/self harm things I've done to myself were.. Burn my skin, Overdose on pain killers, tried to hang myself, tried to drink cyanide, Cut my wrist, swallow foreign objects, tried to jump off buildings.. those are but  few I've attempted to do..

I just want to die.. I'm worthless..