It's only logical...  I find myself in a situation that the only way to avoid eventually busting out is to simply fold in my hand, and quit. I get told that I have it better than others. However, I find that I'd rather trade in the next 2 years of my contract to live as a termo cancer patient with less than 6 months of life. If they were to give me the choice right now between a bullet in the head or working here for the next 20 years I'd bite the bullet.

  I wake up every morning finding myself running through the motions of life day in and day out, which isn't even that hard when every activity for me is preplanned. Being thousand of miles away from family, and friends means that for all purposes they might as well not even exist, so It's not like I have anything to do anyways, not that I do much, but read, and do mindless labor as an "indentured servant". This "organization" has caused me to lose much of my emotions, passions, or anything that one would even consider human like I've even lost my entire sex drive - I might masterbate once a month if I'm feeling super about life, but those months never come by anymore. I would love, and cry with happiness to leave this organization, but doing so they would destroy any possible life if the "organization" were to prematurely terminate the contract, but staying in is just so unbearable that every minute that I'm at work I got this feeling of throwing up, dizzy, and so much hate that I can't even think right, and these bastards work me over 96 hours a week of hard manual labor for a lousy piece of shit paycheck that a fucking burger flipper at mcdonalds working 40 hours a week would make me look like a beggar.

  I've been almost clinically depressed(haven't seen any professionals, but it's pretty obvious, and I've read a lot, and taken test which I usually get every answer for depression checked) like this for about a year and a half, and it hasn't gotten any better, and seems to be getting worse lately, such as yesterday I found myself being veiled by a cloak, and the only way I could get out of it was by slinging my knife around and stabbing, and at one point I found myself with my knife digging into wrist. Sometimes I feel like a scoundrel for not already killing myself....

  I dunno, just wondering if anyone has been through something like this and how they got through it, and if the pain was ever worth it in the first place to live?

---tl:dr---

   I dunno if these next two years of life is worth living for a probable dismal future afterwords, or if leaving the "organization" now for a more possible flop, but instant happiness is the way to go, or if I should simply kill myself for a release of pain. Currently, I'm feeling like crossing out number 1 right now, and deciding between two and three...

