My wife cheated on me last week, and then yesterday morning, she tried to kill herself...I need help...I can't do this aloneSo story time.


On Thursday, the 7th, my wife left on a plane to go to London for a 10-day trip for a class where she would get 3 credits for basically studying Shakespeare and going to plays. I wasn't able to go because of money constraints and also I'm not too interested in Shakespeare. My wife has an extreme phobia of flying so she got medicine to help her not panic before the plane takes off or while in the air. The problem is she would need someone to make sure she doesn't get separated from the group or something since she's gonna be pretty out of it, so first I have to rewind the story further:

----

Back when she first decided she wanted to do this trip and I wasn't able to go, the next day she found out that one of her good guy friends (yeah I know you're already thinking it, I was too) would be going and he would be able to help her from flight to flight. And before this even, we had a fight where she said that she had a crush on some other guy. I already had my suspicions of who it was and when she told me who was gonna be going on the trip a month later guess who it was? Yep you guessed right. I didn't mention a name yet so let's call him Ted. Ted is a couple years younger than us but still has a really soft face that makes him seem innocent and look younger than he actually is and he in general has that "boyish charm" about him. I mentioned that I wasn't comfortable with her going with another guy without me there. She reassured me that nothing would happen and that she could never be in love with him, so I told her I trusted her. (so much for that, right?)

----

So anyway, Ted is going on this trip with her, as well as another girlfriend of hers and we bought the plane tickets all at the same time so the three of them would be on the plane together to help my wife. I drop them all off at the airport and like 18 hours later my wife Skypes me from London letting me know they're okay. But then she doesn't email me every day like she said she would, it doesn't help much that we're on Verizon so no national capabilities for cell phone use. She said she couldn't get wifi everywhere and everywhere they went they had to pay for it or it just flat out wouldn't work. I was still upset because I still wanted the emails every day. Didn't have to be giant stories...could have just been "hey still alive" and that way I wouldn't worry that something happened.

Before this trip of hers I wasn't the best husband in the world, and I was always short with her, didn't talk much, and when I did I said some mean things that I regret, and those stuck with her throughout the trip. She ended up confiding in Ted on the trip and told him our relationship hadn't been going well and she is right, it wasn't. He told her he would do anything for her and he would be there to comfort her and in general smooth talked her. So then he hugged her, and then he moved to kissing on her cheek, and then her lips....and then she gave her body to him. Once the sex started, that's when the gentle caresses ended and he was rough, pulled her hair, called her degrading names, and left her in pain. Afterwards, whether it was immediately, after a couple hours, or the next day he said he just wanted to be friends. She asked him if what they did meant anything to him and his reply was "*shrug* It was an experience" and apparently went so far as to say she wasn't even the best he had. The worst part about this for me was that I had a nightmare about this the exact same day that it happened and I woke up in a cold sweat and I had the worst feeling of anxiety in my chest.

The rest of the trip he totally ignored her and when he did say something to her, it was condescending and mean, all the way up to the end of the trip. On the plane home she was holding her necklace for comfort that has a pagan symbol and he noticed and put his hand on her shoulder and comforted her, and when she responded he said "yeah I saw you holding onto your dumb Egyptian pagan symbol thing thought you could use some comfort" And then later he has the gall to say he doesn't want their relationship/friendship to change, even after he took advantage of her emotions, and got her to give him her body just so he could get his fucking dick wet, and then basically dropped her in the trash like some sort of toy.

----

So after she gets back, we get home and pretty much just go straight to bed because it was late. The next day we are talking and she's upset and then brings up that she was excited to go on the trip to get away from me but then she got her heart broken and then an argument started. Right now I can't remember all the contents of the argument but it led up to her admitting that she confided in him for comfort and she had sex with him. She told me everything in extreme detail. She wanted me to hate her and she kept saying it would be so much easier if I could just hate her. But I guess I'm a romantic and I said that I wouldn't let this ruin our relationship and I would pick up the pieces and put them back together, no matter how painful it is. I can't fully blame her for what happened, she had been on medication, and he took advantage of her emotions, and I wasn't the best husband in the world. If I hadn't have said mean things to her this might not have even happened and we wouldn't be in this situation now. The day is Tuesday, the 19th, and all that happened a few hours before I had to go to work. I stayed and talked to her as late as I could before I had to leave for work. So then I go to work and as soon as I got to work all my emotions hit me and it was the worst feeling in the world to hold all of it in. I didn't have the energy left to devote to work for the night and it was the worst night of work ever because of it. I just wanted to go home and be with my wife and I wanted to mend our relationship. I got home about midnight. She was asleep on the couch, she tried to wait up for me. I woke her up and brought her upstairs to our bed and as soon as we got into bed, all my emotions that I had held in for the last 8 hours exploded and I cried. I fucking bawled my eyes out for an hour while holding her and apologizing to her for how bad of a husband I had been that drove her to fall in love with someone else and to go on this trip looking for a new relationship because she thought ours was broken beyond fixing. I cried and I kept crying, we both did. After we both calmed down, we went downstairs and we played the song that we danced to at our wedding and we cried some more while dancing and we held each other. 


After a while we finally went back to bed and I ended up getting like 2 hours of sleep because I had to work again at 7am. During almost my whole shift I was feeling extremely anxious and couldn't wait to get off because I felt like something was wrong and I wanted to see my wife again. When I got off, we got home at about the same time. She informed me that her counselor that she originally went to for anxiety medicine for the plane put her on suicide watch because she told him something along the lines of that sometimes she just wanted to end it all because it would be easier. The same counselor diagnosed her with depression when she went first for anxiety based on her evaluation of her mental health. I was upset and was confused why she would ever want to think that way. I comforted her and told her I would take care of her and that I will do whatever I can to make things right for her. I didn't want to believe that her mental state was that bad. We went on a nice long walk and got some movies to watch. But by the time we ate dinner we were both tired so we went to bed.

Thursday morning (today) we wake up at about 6am and we held each other again, and we kissed each other and we stayed in bed for a couple hours and just talked. Then we went downstairs and we talked more. She had an appointment with her counselor at 10am so she left for that but then got back only 15 minutes later because her appointment was actually at noon. She goes upstairs to use the bathroom and I sit downstairs and wait for her to come down. But then I get a bad feeling. The same feeling I got when I had the nightmare about her and Ted, the same feeling I got the previous day when she informed me she had been put on suicide watch. I go upstairs and I find her sitting on the toilet tracing the veins on her wrist with a pair of scissors. Luckily the scissors were old and dull and they didn't even break the skin. She said she didn't even realize what she was doing until I caught her. She looked in the mirror and then saw the scissors and then wanted to see if she could even feel the pain. I immediately took her to the counselor and stayed with her. 

She told the counselor that she didn't plan on committing suicide but she doesn't know if she can trust herself being alone. He thought the best thing would be to get checked into a mental health facility. I spent the whole day sitting with her during the process of checking into the mental health place, listening to her state over and over again why she was there for several people questioning her and each time it hurt my heart more and more as she described what she did and why she wanted to do it. Just looking at her saying "I tried to kill myself this morning" with a blank face completely broke my heart. Visiting hours started after she got checked in so I had to go and get her clothes and some other stuff for her and then I sat with her for another hour holding her before I had to leaave.

So here I am now, a completely broken man. The love of my life cheated on me, I forgave her, I was trying my best to mend the relationship, the pain of what happened was the final straw on the camel's back with the stress of school and her family pressuring to keep going or they will disown her, so she tried to kill herself, and now she's shacked up in the wacko basket until they think she is no longer a threat to herself.



Whatever you do, don't blame my wife, all parties did their fair share of wrongdoings here. All I want is to have my wife in my arms and for her to not think the only way out is to end her life. I've cried so many times in the last couple days. I can't take it anymore. I don't know what to do. I was up all last night, I had to call off work because I didn't have it in me to put on a mask and pretend everything is okay. Visiting hours is in 2 hours, it can't come soon enough, I wish I could be there with her.