General feelings of unimportance and worthlessnessIt was a tough day at work today. 

Had a talk with a co-worker where he called me out on the bullshit I take on for no reason. All the extra work I do for the money I don't make. I do everything someone 3 pay grades above me does, but I'm still paid absolutely nothing. Barely make enough to get by. Stuck living with a roommate I hate because of it. 

It's just a symptom of the larger problem, though. I like to fix things. I like to control things - probably because I feel so out of control with myself. I'm a problem solver, I help people with their problems and let them pile their shit up on me. I like it! It isn't even an issue of me being a doormat with no boundaries. It's just ... Sometimes it's too much. 

I've never gotten a thank you. Never gotten anyone saying "hey, thanks, good job. I'm glad you're here." 

It's not like I do it for the praise, it's just ... Nice to feel appreciated, y'know? Work, home, my boyfriend, my friends (ha, as if I have any.) 

I tried to go to my boyfriend for comfort, and he ghosted me for his brother. Apparently his brother is "fucked up" right now. Not sure if that meant physically or emotionally, I wasn't told that much. 

And look, I get it. My boyfriend lives with his brother, said brother has tried to kill himself before (relatable), so maybe he was having a crisis and needed support. It's just ... I need it too. I'm in a crisis too. 

I can't even say that, because then I'm the bad guy. I'm the selfish one. I *get it*, his brother is more important. My boyfriend didn't know I'm this close to just offing myself because everything's just too much. 

I don't blame my boyfriend! I don't blame his brother!

I just really am selfish and believe that the universe revolves around me. How convenient is it that his brother has a crisis right as I have one? It's like it's trying to prove that I'm not allowed to not be okay. I need to be the one that does the supporting, I have to shoulder everything. 

Don't think I can do it anymore, though. 

I sound so fucking whiny. I'm not even going to kill myself because I'm too much of a pussy to. All of the easy ways aren't available, and I'm not looking to feel more pain than I've already experienced. 

Let's not talk about the trauma that flavors all of this, that's not important.

Whatever! Whatever. It's not a big deal. I'll be fine tomorrow. Or I'll be dead. It probably won't hurt too bad, yeah?