I accepted my failureI don't even know why I am posting this(nowhere else to share probably?), and obviously I don't need any help at this moment since my twisted logic worked just fine in my mind. Things that I will do have already been planned carefully over the past few month and I actually like where this is going.

It all starts with few years ago the girl I devoted all my time in for two year cheated on me secretly and even had abortions few times. Months after breaking up with her, I was able to find out she got ditched because the guy she cheated with has lascivious personality and while she was dating him, he had 3 more girls that she didn't know about, so they break up. She was well educated and with good manners. She is also very dedicated to loved ones and is still trying to fix the relationship between him and her at this very moment. Even though I was feeling great about how she pick the wrong person and got punished, the damage this affair brought was tremendous and irreversible. I had been an honest guy with great moral, a formal athletes that my school honored, a skilled craftsman who won few prizes with my work, and a smart student who excelled some of the hardest courses, then I start questioning about my view of this world. I used to think people gets what they deserve and I just couldn't take that view anymore after this tragic event. This is the very point I began to lost my motivation in almost everything in life.

Over the past few years, observations were made and of course it confirms with my "unfair society" theory. To be honest I don't really mind it since that is how exactly human can develop this far. But the motivation lost has caused me many problems. Now I am one lazy fuck because of that. How lazy? to the point that I am too lazy to change how lazy I am. Since I know it is caused by lack of motivation, I talked with people and therapists with optimistic attitude and tried solutions they suggested, but I just couldn't find motivation anymore. How serious it is? I believe that there are three drives that keeps a man alive: food, rest, and reproduction. I lost the desire to sleep and reproduction at this very moment, food will be gone soon. Yes, I struggled. I tried to find new person that I could devote myself to, went back running, and other things that people says which can make you forget about what is happening outside so that you could focus on what you are doing. All didn't work, I still have no motivation and the laziness caused by it is slowing eating away my life. I would find excuses for my own fault all day long to make myself feel better, but it is only temporary like we all know.

One day, out of nowhere, I started thinking what will happen if I accept that it is me who have problems, not others. I did, I accepted my laziness, I accepted that I am a failure because of it. Even though I didn't try to change it, everything already started looking better: happier mood, less worries. But deep down in my heart, where the great moral of my rooted, I just couldn't agree that I am this useless yet still living. I won't be contributing to the society, I won't be hurting the societ, I will only be an extra weight that no one ever notices and I feel ashamed about being this way. But due to my laziness, I am not going to change that face anytime soon. Followed by few days of reasoning, I figured that it will be the best interest for me to die as soon as possible. I was afraid of the idea of death first, then I realize I have nothing to lose. I see it as a perfection solution to all the problems I am/was/will be having--once for all. Why not?

So my story ends here. Maybe a little bit early, but oh well, goodbye strangers on the internet!