dump perfect bf and fall off the face of the earthI’ll try to keep this brief/to the point bc the details can’t possibly be that interesting to anyone aside from myself but I’m sleep deprived and rambly so sorry in advance.

35 f, been w/wonderful and loving bf for 7 years and living together for 4 years. Spoiler alert: love doesn’t solve everything or fix your fucking head. 

Depressed since probably forever; first suicide attempt (total fail-got away without anyone knowing bc I was young &amp; lucky) at 15. Had probably a nervous breakdown (wanted to die but chickened out) about 11 years ago, triggered by a bad break-up some months prior. Moved home briefly, basically started life all over again. Did a lot of DIY self-work to get where I am today. Have never been to a therapist or properly diagnosed, oops.

I quit my job in September bc I couldn’t get out of bed anymore. I was crying nearly every day from stress and once remote work ended I had to be back in the office w/ asshole supervisor and was scared I’d freak-out in public. While it was a textbook toxic environment and I had the blessing of my bf, given the current situation in our world re:COVID-19 it wasn’t exactly the smartest choice. I was job hunting since May, and though I’d had zero luck/straight rejections, I somehow convinced myself this was the right time, that I would undoubtedly find a better opportunity and purpose. Thanks, broken brain. 

Now I’m back to feeling worthless after several failed interview and rejection cycles. I have about $200 left in my checking and I just want to give it away to charity bc it’s useless for me if I’m going to off myself soon. Today I cried all day and couldn’t get out of bed again.

I have bad days and good days, but most of the time the desire to disappear is in the back of my mind. I honestly don’t know how I’ve gone this long pretending to be “normal.” Functioning enough to have relationships that are healthy, to maintain friendships (even though I’m the “bad friend,” ie the one who’s always cancelling and disappearing and bad at texting back.) To hold down jobs, when I’m able to get them. 

I just want my bf to have a better life than I am capable of providing. I love him immensely, but I know I’m going to slide further into this shitty place bc this is how my last breakdown started. I don’t think I can get another job right now to at least help w/ money either, and that’s so unfair, because he didn’t sign up to have a mentally ill AND financially unstable partner. 

I want him to have a happier life w/ someone who appreciates him, who wouldn’t selfishly quit a job like an idiot during a pandemic, who can give him the type of life he deserves. I know he feels helpless and worried and concerned when I get sad like this and shut him out, but he doesn’t realize this is inside of my head ALL. THE. TIME and I’ve just gotten great at seeming functional?

The dream is to now sell all of my shit, somehow gather the balls to break-up (if he doesn’t get smart first and dump me), and disappear off the grid till I find somewhere to off myself. 

This world is sick and all anyone seems to value is money and power. The current death rate of COVID in the US, and how our government continues to fail those most vulnerable, makes me physically ill. It feels doubly unfair for me to keep existing when ppl have life so much worse. I’m so tired of being a burden. I’m so tired of seeing the pain in this world and feeling like a huge mistake. 

TLDR; time to dump the only person that even makes my life worth living anymore so I can stop inadvertently dragging him down with me.