Girlfriend of four years cheated on me, I don't want to burden any of my friends with my issue, but I'm in a dark place.I've always had this lingering feeling of loneliness in my life. I was single until the age of 19 when I met my best friend in the world. We hung out all the time and connected like no one id ever met. I'm rather introverted and quiet and I have a really hard time meeting new people or talking to girls. It came so natural with her, she was my first kiss and we began dating. Due to something that happened in her past, she had issues with sex, we never went that far and I was always patient and understanding with her. The first two years were amazing, we never argued, we were the power couple. Next year, was essentially the same, we'd have a few small fights, but nothing ever lasted long. We'd argue, one of us would say something funny and everything would be okay again. Between her messy home life and college I had to be her rock, but I was more than happy to do so. She was my first true love and my best friend. She was the only one who could really bring my anxiety down. We would go to concerts and comedy shows all the time and my happiness was at an all time high. The next year she reconnects with an old high school guy friend. after she started hanging out with him and his friends, she began to change. The music we loved disappeared and became the music he loved. No longer would we go to our shows, but only to the bands they liked. All the time. They would travel out of state together to see different indie-punk bands. The thing was, he treated her awfully. He was controlling and manipulative, but she worshipped the ground he walked on. I felt as though I was taking a backseat, but she assured me otherwise. My love language being giving, I would give her anything she asked for. I paid for everything. But I never felt like I got the same love her guy friend got. This caused a lot of friction in the fourth year as we began to argue more and more. Again, nothing ever too serious and nothing un-fixable. I still loved her and she swore she still loved me. We'd talk about marriage and our future fairly often. Fast forward to this month, her birthday. I give her a promise ring. Things are going fine. It's not like when we first met, but I feel as though that's appropriate for log term relationships. We still hadn't had sex and I wasn't pressuring her to. She decides to break things off with her guy friend as he had become jealous of another guy friend. She realized he was being manipulative and decided she had to set some boundaries. Things get quite better between us. She graduated college, but I can tell she misses her friend. Fast forward to the day before Christmas Eve and she tells me that she's reconnected with guy friend and everything's better. I tell her my doubts and tell her how I struggle with the fact that he treat her horribly and gets the love that I so desperately faught for. She begins to see my perspective. The rest of the day I'm at work and she seems distant. I beg her to call, but she's with "new" guy friend. I ask her to call after they hang out. Fastforward to 4am and after pleading she finally calls me and tells me that she crossed a line. A couple hours before, she kissed "new" guy friend. 

She was the only person I was ever with and the only person I ever wanted to be with. I planned on marrying her. She told me she's not ready to settle down and wants to experience freedom, but won't give me an explanation to anything as she doesn't understand herself. She tells me she still loves me and she still wants to be with me. I'm so depressed and in a dark place. I lost the love of my life and the bestest friend I ever had. The one person I could talk to and feel okay. 
I'm sitting in a Walmart parking lot right now, because I'm afraid if I sit at home, alone with my thoughts I'm going to hurt myself.