I don't plan on living for very long. But I've a confession to make about an obsession so strong that it has shaped up &amp; destroyed my whole life. [Long post] When I was 6 my dad remarried and my step mother brought her cat and pup along with her. The cat wasn't very fond of me and attacked me several times, for no reason what so ever. Once she attacked me while I was asleep, and nearly missed my left eye, but I got 3 stitches. It was this, coupled with the fact that my step mother didn't think of it as a big deal, caused me to have deep resentment for cats. My dad, however, declawed the cat after this incident as my younger sister was only 2 at that time. After this, since the cat was declawed, I mildly abused( kicking in the face, throwing her at the wall etc.) her at every sneaky little chance I got.


When I was 11, my grandfather died, and my parents went out of town for 5 days. I had house completely on my own. I was supposed to have breakfast and dinner at neighbour's house and got dinner via tiffin services. I took good care of the dog. But I locked the cat in a room, and didn't feed her for four days straight. I made sure to feed her enough the day before my parents arrived so that my mother didn't suspect anything. After this incident, the cat started to remain depressed at all the time and wouldn't eat much even when offered food. I started to feel very guilty at this point but didn't share it with anyone. The cat died merely a month after that.


After a few months, I got over my addiction completely. I loved my dog to death.


Next year, my dad gifted my little sister a kitten on her birthday.
 My addiction kicked back at this point and my abusing habits started again. And they were WORSE then before. Whenever I had house on my own, I tied the kitten on the mop using cello tape, and dipped him in water to the point he started vomiting and took him out. I used to hang him by his tail from the ceiling fan. I kept him inside a cement bag, and poked him with small needles. Didn't feed him whenever I was given the responsibility. Choked him. Kicked him etc etc. I didn't have many friends while growing up and I did realize that such activities will only affect my social skills very badly and I was making a complete mess of myself. But it was fun. And I couldn't get over it no matter how hard I tried.


Now I am 27 and a virgin. I am an utter piece if shit. My father died 3 years back and I am not in touch with step mother and sister. I have zero friends, no one who cares for me, a job that I hate, and I barely make my living. The only excitement of my day is thinking about the things I would do to the kittens I've adopted when I get back to my room in the evening.