I’m so doneI’m trying to remain positive but this is just the end of my rope. Guess who didn’t get a paycheck today? 

Yesterday was bad enough.. we got laid off but got promised our checks. Ubereats was slow but it was something and I knew I’d get paid today so I had some type of hope. 

My boss knows my situation.. yet still no checks. He said we’d get them when the office opened up. That’s not legal.. just how it was not legal to try to tell us we weren’t layed off when he literally did it.. but wanted to try to guilt us into not filing for unemployment. 

I cried... threw a tantrum, told him how hard things were and that I worked for my money and he basically said we all have to suck it up because he won’t be making any money either.  I can obviously go to the labor board but by the time that fixes itself, it’ll be too late.

Today I have made $22.71 on Ubereats. It is ridiculously slow.. and will probably get worse. And of course Half of it went to gas. I just am just so tired of struggling. It’s only going to get worse with everyone freaking out aboht the corona virus. 

Why am I even trying? A part of me wishes that I’d just get the stupid virus and die that way I wouldn’t even have to have my grandma feeling guilty once I’m gone but I’m young and my immune system is pretty good so my chances of dying that way are slim. 

I just don’t get why I’m even trying... I could literally end it right now. I’m tired of being ok one minute, watching my stupid tv shows and trying to distract myself and then the other minute I’m suicidal. I just need to do it because there really isn’t a purpose anymore.. After all the shit I’ve been through all of my life, I’ve been here fighting but for what? What is the point? 

I remember being in school and being so stressed about a big project that I of course procrastinated for and then after hours and hours of not thinking I’d finish, I’d finish right on tome... and then all that stress left your body and it felt so good.. that’s what I think dying feels like. I’m just done. I can’t do this anymore. I need that feeling back.