Fuck it. I'm going out in style.I'm not going to get all sad and depressed about this. Fuck that. I tried my fucking hardest and did my god damn best. I'm not the sexiest bloke on the block, and neither am I the ugliest by a longshot. WHO KNOWS! Maybe I fucking am. 

Who gives a shit about that anyway. I'm not reserved. I'm not some holed up guy. I go out EVERYDAY. I do a million things (Skydive, Scuba Dive, Ice-Skate, Rollerblade, etc). I do everything and anything. 

You know what? It's just a matter of fucking truth. The circumstances of how I was raised and how I view the world literally put me in an almost impossible state to find someone I love and someone who loves me back. 

I've lived in fucking Europe, South America, and North America and I don't have a SINGLE fucking real friend. You hear that? Not a fucking one. 

I'm the nice guy. I'm the guy who pulls over on the freeways to help you. I'm the guy who gives a hitchhiker rides. I'm the guy who's always there for everyone ready to listen and help. I'm that guy. I'm the invisible amazing guy. The guy everyone loved, the guy everyone was helped by, and the guy nobody remembers. 

SO FUCK IT! Who cares? It's not a sad thing. It's a matter of fucking reality. I-don't-fit-in. And I don't mind. I tried. I tried to have a good time on Earth. It had some fun parts. Unluckily, my life is just a whopping cushion of negative. Not even a bad life - not harsh - just negative. 

And you know what? I'm done with negative. I'm going to go do what I always wanted WITHOUT any fucking experience because that is how I want to do it. 

I'm going to go live in the wild. Yeah, I'm probably going to freeze to death. I'm probably going to starve. I'm probably to die of disease. BUT WHO GIVES A FUCKING CRAP. I'm SO FUCKING TIRED of living with people who I have no connection to. NOBODY.

YOU DO NOT UNDERSTAND WHAT IT IS LIKE TO BE NINETEEN AND NEVER HAVE HAD A SINGLE FUCKING FRIEND YOUR ENTIRE LIFE. NO YOU FUCKING DON'T. 

I'm the outgoing guy in public. The guy everyone asks to take their pictures of. The guy who helps the dude loading a truck. The guy who hears people asking a question and gives them the answer. I'm that guy. 

But nobody wants to accept me for me. 

Agnostic, Extreme sport and computer gaming nerd. Scifi, fantasy, and chick flick lover. Musical, metal, and rap loving. Anime, cooking, and reading. Quad-lingual, multi-cultured and mixed. Bad at dating, saying the right sexy things, and coming off as a friend. 

HAH~! 

FUCK ME. That's just a snippet. Don't try using that to say "I'm sure thousands of people are just like you". FUck you. Have you lived in Europe for two years? Have you lived in BRazil for a year? Have you lived in Alaska for a year? Have you joined the military for a year? DIDN'T FUCKING THINK SO.

Anyways I got that off my chest. Selling my truck, quitting my job, giving my sister my shit and heading off into the mountains. I want to find a nice 3-4000 canyon and make the leap. 

Here I just wrote this for you guys:

"I bend my right leg and lean forward - the breeze is weak this sunny yet chilly April day. This is my third month free. Today I think, almost at this moment - I think am free. No longer am I concerned with food. No longer am I concerned with bills, impressions, or dates. I am finally true to myself. I want nothing more than to return to that from which I came. I am finally at peace with death." - Nicholas, Diary Page 137 P 3


EDIT: Peace the fuck out. I'm shutting down for the last time. Time to roll the ball on this shit.