Literally nothing to live for?I don't really know why I'm writing this, but I don't have anyone to vent to and if I feel like if I don't write this out I'll start to feel even worse..
So, to start things off, I've been planning to kill myself for years now, but I always found myself saying and being told "it'll get better." fast forward a few years later, absolutely nothing has gotten better, I've hit rock bottom. My parents got divorced and i blame myself for it- they ended up divorcing because of a fight they had because I forgot one of my keys to the house at home while they were at work, so they argued over who would come and get me or let me in. Due to this, there's always fighting in both of their houses, mostly over the divorce and over financial problems. Without their income combined, there's barely enough money to pay rent for either of them. Not to mention that with my dad's leave, my mother has been letting an abuser and a pedophile stay with us. To be honest, I shouldn't really say that she lets him, rather than he refuses to leave. He doesn't have a job, and although there's nothing wrong with that in itself, he constantly belittles my mom for working at a low-paying one, and makes fun of us for being on food stamps. I've watched him beat her and choke my sister before. He's molested me, he's picked the locks on my bedroom door before, he's picked the lock to the bathroom when I'm in the shower. He constantly breaks things, there are countless doors off of their hinges and holes in the walls. The police know of this, and they say that because he technically "lives" with us (has stayed there for an extended period of time) we can't make him move without an official eviction, which we can't afford. He constantly calls is both bitches, says women shouln't talk, and says he wishes he could kill us. I love my mom to death and it hurts so much to see her with him. 
I'm made fun of all of the time at school. Recently, I had to transfer and am stuck with no friends. Please don't say "just go out there and make some!" I've tried. I've tried clubs, sports, basically everything I could think of. I try to talk to people, but they just look at me like I'm gross and don't respond. The only time people talk to me is to ask me out as a joke, to call me ugly, or to call me fat. I know I'm pathetic. 
I've had friends in the past. I even have a girlfriend. But lately, I found out she doesn't like me anymore. I can accept that, but I feel kind of betrayed, because she's the only one i know in real life who I've told about my depression, and she ignored me for a few hours before telling her friend(who ended up telling me in the end) that I was passive aggressive, frustrating, and oversensitive. I found out that she also has feelings for said friend.
This has happened to me before, too. My past girlfriend cheated on me with at least four people, and when I was upset about it and told people, most of them didn't believe me or didn't care. I lost almost all of my friends over this. 
I also feel like I'll never be able to be myself around anyone because I'm a lesbian. I know my family wouldn't accept me. If I made new friends, they wouldn't accept me.
I have no job. No friends. Absolutely no talent or hobbies. My brain is a mess. My mental illnesses are getting the best of me. I'm always alone. I don't know what to do.
I just want to go to sleep and never wake up.
If anyone's been through/is in a similar situation, do you have any advice? I know this sounds desperate and probably over dramatic, and I'm sorry. I just feel really alone right now. I can't stop thinking about ending everything. 