The clock is ticking and I don't know how much longer I can go on...Sorry if my format or flaring is off I am on mobile and not super famiar with the rules. Please have mercy mods.

I lurk but feel like I need support right now  or just to get all of this out.

To start here's my situation or some background information. I'm 25. Bipolar 2.  I have bulimia/ Binge eating disorder with anorexic tendencies, generalized anxiety that may be a result or PTSd from multiple physical and sexual traumatic experiences. Hope being vague keeps this from being triggering.

I live with my parents because I haven't been stable even the last year or so or had the money to move out. I currently work full time as a cook at a restaurant which presents a lot or stress physically and mentally because I have very disordered eating behaviors. I have struggled with a lot of depressive and suicidal thoughts for months. Constantly thinking things would be better without me or that id be better off just quitting life.

I haven't been medicated for over a year or been in any kind or treatment because financially it's seemed like unnecessary stress and I don't like the idea of being medicated and find therapy unhelpful.

I had a physical incident at work yesterday where I was having unexplained fainting and dizzy spells and unable to function. I was sent home to take care of myself and even though everyone says it's fine I feel like it's not. I feel like I'm being judged. I feel like I could lose my job.

It's 4 am. I'm lying in bed. My parents have made it compulsory that I get treatment again as soon as possible and may send me to urgent care later in the morning if my physical condition doesn't lighten up. I can barely walk to the bathroom 15 steps away without nearly collapsing.

I don't want treatment. I kind of just want to go back to trying to pretend I'm ok. At least til the end of the year.

I'm supposed to move yo Washington DC from the PNW to live with my girlfriend of 5 years now. We've been long distance that last year which has been another strain. I told myself if lose weight and get to my goal weight by them and id be happier when I move but things just keep going to shit and the temptation is always looming that I could try and end it.

I've had three failed attempts so far but have done my research and feel confident I could do it right if I decided to go through with it...

I'm at loss. This is learned helplessness. Depression. This illness is killing me.

Thank you to anyone who reads this.

 Willow.