Mind might be racing a bit, I kinda know what's wrong with me right now, but I don't know how to make it through the time it will take to get it fixed.I have depression and anxiety, and I'm currently go through some trials with medications, trying to figure out what works best. I was taking one for a while (X), and that was going pretty well. I felt pretty good. But I still didn't have THAT much energy and my sleep was off, so at the nurse practioner's suggestion I decided to try another medication (P), thinking "Hey, what if it can get even better?" The plan was that P would be like X, but would give me more 'get up and go'. 

While I was coming down from X in preparation to start P (200mgX to 100mg), I started going through withdrawals. I felt really depressed with crushing amounts of unreasonable guilt. Once my body got adjusted to just having 100mg of X, we added the first 50mg of P. I didn't feel so good (at one point I wanted to get into a hospital), but there was also a period when I was just starting X where I didn't feel good either, so I tried to power through it, and we increased the dosage.

Now I'm on 100mgX and 100mgP (the 100mgX is in case the P doesn't work out). And I feel TERRIBLE. I sleep for 12 hours, wake up in the afternoon, feel EXHAUSTED at 8, then suddenly get more energy by 10 and stay up until 3 in morning! I don't have the motivation to do my chores, and feel tired and depressed all day. Right now it's past midnight and I have that feeling that makes me want to punch EVERYTHING, which isn't as fun as it might sound! 

There's no doubt in my mind that the P is causing this. On monday morning, I see the nurse practitioner again, and we can cancel the P then. But how long will it take to come off it and shake the withdrawals, then go back up to 200mgX? If I felt bad with the withdrawals from X, **how will I feel when going through withdrawals from a medication that ALREADY makes me feel like shit?** How long will I have to deal with it? I don't know what to expect or how I'll get through it. 

I think I might get an emergency bag packed. I might go to the hospital until my medication is all sorted out and I'm evened out again, however long that'll be. 