My kids deserve so much moreI am a meth addict I had some good clean time then I relapsed. I am holding on by a thread. I am very aware of what suicide does and how it impacts the ones who love you most, my cousin killed himself. It hurts, to this day. His little sister is a wreck. She's an addict too. 

I have two kids, I'm a single mom. They're amazing. Bright, beautiful, too smart for MY own good. My 7 year old has many challenges in his day to day.. we both have ADHD, he struggles with being a big brother, he's trying to cope with all the big changes in his life that have happened since 2019....I'm bipolar, depressed, anxious, I'm just a mess. I'm vicious when I come down (not physically just so bitchy and rude and sarcastic, sometimes that's worse than physical hurt imo).  His dad left him to go live kid free in a different state in 2018. He thinks his dad is superman somehow. He doesn't call. No contact. He needs a man around and I'm too scared to bring any guy around that I date because I'm not great at picking men. So I figure none is better than potentially getting close just to be ripped apart when we go out separate ways. My mom lived with us for 4 years before she suddenly got very sick and hospitalized in 2/2019 with pneumonia and the flu, then diagnosed with pulmonary fibrosis.

 She died 4.24.19 at 56 years old, she was my best friend, my son's favorite person in the world, his greeny.  I had just given birth to my daughter 20 days before. My mom was a wonderful grandma, she didn't even get to hold her once.

 I'm rambling but I wonder, if I were to get into a "freak accident", it would be tragic yes, for my children but they would heal, they are quite young, they'd live with my brother and sister in law who just bought a beautiful 3 bedroom home in a nice area. They have no children of their own. If I was gone, truly I just can't see how it would leave my little world anything other than better off. I think I just need to find the right way to make sure it's ruled an accident and nobody else is harmed in any way.