I am a messI guess this is a full vent post. I’m feeling particularly depressed and hopeless tonight, so I thought I would try sharing for the first time.
I’m a senior in college, and my whole life I’ve felt like I didn’t belong. I spent my childhood so confused... and eventually by age 10 I had an existential crisis? I have no idea what made me this way, and my memory isn’t very good. But I made terrible impulsive decisions (like ruining the only real friendship I had back then) and would change my personality all the time because I didn’t know who I was. I even mimicked the “dumb” or “angsty” girl characters I saw on tv. Up until the past couple years or so, I would still behave in ways that embarrass and haunt me. Such as talking excitedly about something for no reason, speaking over people, oversharing random things, and having an attitude or starting a fight when I didn’t actually feel that strongly. I don’t relate to that person at all anymore, and I don’t think that I ever did. But it upsets me that people may still have that perception of me as a teenager. I’ve realized that deep down, the person I really am is an introvert with social anxiety and very very emotional.
Apparently my parents knew I was depressed at age 7, but gave up on therapy since I didn’t want to go. I just wish I knew why. Did something happen to trigger it or was I always this way? (Now they say I can go and I might consider CBT). Nonetheless, the horrible memories I have of how I’ve acted with people and ended friendships made me practically sabotage anything I wanted to pursue. I’m the type of person that desperately wants to apologize to everyone I’ve ever known, for anything I’ve said in the past decade (that they may not even remember). I’ve really come out of my shell now, and I consider that brave. But it doesn’t stop my fear of commitment, abandonment, and failure. School has always made everything worse and I’m just glad it’s almost over.
To go more into my depression and how severe it is, I think about dying almost every day. It’s so hard being conflicted with life. I love movies, I love artists, I love making art. But I hate my existence. My appearance  isn’t great and would require more money to be better, my living situation is cramped and unhealthy with my family (the only person I love is my mom), and of course I hate how I interact with the world. I’m not very good at anything and I’m not good at making friends. Most days I can barely leave my bed or take care of myself. When people give me advice about what to do I often feel misunderstood. It isn’t just a mental disorder that’s happened to me. I simply can’t handle the idea that I’ve messed up my entire childhood so badly. I want a restart more than anything else in the world. I want to be free of this pain that I face every day. However, I don’t have the guts to currently end my life. Maybe because I’m selfish and want to see my new kitten grow up, the new seasons of tv shows, be able to travel, and one day be financially stable. But I know deep down I’ll never be truly happy, and subconsciously never let myself be able to have full career success. Sometimes I wish people knew how much I hated myself, and hopefully then they wouldn’t judge me as much knowing they’ll never beat my own negativity.
But all in all, I don’t think I was destined to live this life. I think it was a genuine mistake. Nothing I’ve ever done has worked out, and each day feels wrong. I feel like if other people knew what it was like to be me they would agree. Certain things should come naturally to me, and they just don’t. It’s like everyone I know got a handbook on how to be a real person, and I’m the only one that didn’t. I hope everything I wrote makes sense in some way. I’m sorry if it was annoying to read. I just feel a bit crazy keeping it to myself. Maybe this is a “glitch in the matrix” like those people on tiktok have been saying (via the CIA?). That would actually be really cool to know my life was only a hologram. A huge relief actually. Pull me out of the tank keanu!