2 days until my birthday... deathday I meanI'm not sure if this post belongs here. I have no other options though. I need to know if there's anyone or anything that can change this. I will turn 18 this Tuesday. I gave myself enough time. Nothing happened. I've tried reaching out and seeking help. People don't really care. Even if they say they do, they never show it in action. I posted another cry for help on Reddit before (with another account) but moderators deleted it for no reason before someone even replies. I've tried therapy, psychiatrists didn't help. In fact, opening up to people actually made it worse. I just want people to consider my mental condition and treat me better instead of giving me advice. But at least after therapy I know that I have Autism, Psychotic Depression, Anxiety, Schizophrenia, OCD, Maladaptive Daydreaming Disorder and Borderline Personality Disorder.  I think I have Dissociative Identity Disorder. I know what is happening when one of my other personalities is controlling me, but I have no control over what thay say or what they do. One of my psychiatrists said I'm just "too schizophrenic". I can't communicate with people. I can't have long lasting friendships. I have never felt loved and I don't even know what it means or feels like. I don't feel empathy or sympathy. 

I gave myself time to think about this. I realized something: I don't want to just end the pain, I don't want to live. I'm tired of waking up and trying to survive the day just to do the same repetitive things that I do everyday. I don't want a job, I don't want money, I don't want to graduate. I seriously don't want anything from life. But that's not the worst part. I live in Iran. In Iran when guys turn 18 they have to go to military academy for 2 years (or you can keep graduating and then go to military academy after you're done, but it's a rule and you can't escape from it). I can't even imagine 2 years without my PC. After all it's one of the things that kept me alive. I wish I could live in another country, but that needs a lot of money and I have to take IELTS test and go to military academy anyway. Otherwise I'm stuck here. Hold on a second... If I live in another country I need a job, so it would be pointless.

The other thing that kept (or maybe keeps) me alive is my daydreaming. Real life is very boring and repetitive. If I could live in my daydreaming forever, it would be nice. Something like a different world which I could live in. People in my daydreams are all fictional characters and I like them more than real life people. That's why I can't just quit it and go find real friends. They actually helped me a bit with their emotional support. 

There is no other way. Nothing will change if I stay alive, and I can't change anything myself. No matter how hard I try, no matter how much I want it, the story of my life doesn't have a good ending. I wanted to give myself 1 more year, but that's just pointless. I will kill myself on my birthday. 

Now don't tell me I have so much to live for, everything will be okay, it will end someday. Tell me whatever you think is actually helpful. Only if my post won't be deleted like before.