I'm not in any hurry to go out, but I know how it's going to end.I realized yesterday that at some point down the line I'm probably going to kill myself. I don't have concrete plans or anything, but I think it's going to happen if something else doesn't get me first. I've had issues with depression off and on for most of my life, and every time I think I've gotten over it it always comes back. I need to make peace with the fact that it's not going away. Hopefully accepting it is going to be a good thing. In the years I have remaining I can take risks that others might not and do my best to make the world a better place before I go, secure in the knowledge that when I do choose to end it that I'll have accomplished everything I want and need.

Depression is a bitch, you guys. Every time I think I have it beaten it comes back and rears it's ugly bitch head again. I think the weirdest part is that I don't really have anything to be upset about. I've told friends about these issues before and they're quick to point out how much I have going for me. "You have a wonderful job, a lot of lovely things, and people care about you." They're right, of course, but somehow that only makes things worse. I have a pretty good life, and yet somehow I still feel awful the majority of the time. If I had a concrete problem I could work to solve it, but there's no struggle. There's no fight. It's just me being bitchy about things I have no reason to be bitchy about. Even writing this I feel like a whiny, spoiled little brat just crying out for attention. I really don't like that about myself. And yet I can't change it. Would that I could.

I can't figure out what's so bad about suicide, anyway. There was a several billion year period where I wasn't alive and I don't recall being particularly upset about that. I expect that's what it's like on the other side, too. No thoughts, no regrets, just an absence of being. You take a few turns on the carousel, and the ride ends. Does it really matter whether I wait for the ride to grind to a slow and stuttering halt before I jump off? Why isn't it okay to hop off early? I can't think of a reason.

For what it's worth I want to make it very clear that I'm not going anywhere soon. But I can't lie to myself, either. I know how it's going to end for me, and maybe that's a good thing. Most people don't get to choose how they go out. I do. Is that a silver lining? Fuck if I know.