I found my friend after he committed suicideAbout 6 years ago, I found my best friend after he committed suicide. The night I lost him we had been drinking heavily at a party - but this drinking wasent to have fun or a good time, it was to try and get through the days and hope that tomorrow would come. After the party and we got home, he broke down in tears talking about how he couldn't do it anymore. His mom suffered from depression, and his dad would worked nights to try and make ends meet. Another one of our close friends was dying from cancer as well. It was heavy for a 16 year old kid, and I felt for him - I broke down along side him. I got him into bed, and basically held him for hours while he cried, while we cried. Then I left him in his room so I could go sleep on the couch.

And this is the biggest regret of my life.

The next morning I woke up, got water and went into his room to see him. He had hung himself in the closet. I don't remember what went through my mind at the time, but I got him down and layed him on the floor - I knew he was gone. The only thing I knew to do was to go get his mom. I will never forget the look on her face, or the way she cried, or the way she held his body and squeezed him hoping to wake him up. 

That image and the sound of her crying has haunted me for years. Although what haunts me more, is knowing that there was something I could have done to save him that night, I should have stayed with him all night, and I wouldn't have let him kill himself. If I had done that, then he would still be here with me, or at least been around a little longer. Not a day goes by were I don't feel that guilt, and it affects everything about my life.

I get quiet when I think about it, I become anti social and irritable. I basically shut myself down emotionally and detach myself from everything. My girlfriend of four years had noticed when I get in this mood, and she would ask what was wrong. I would tell her I had a long day at work or I was stressed. 

My friend circle changed shortly after he died, I never told anyone that I was there, or that I was the one that found him. I kept it to myself, for myself. Not a single person, until now.

I wouldn't consider myself suicidal, but I have had the thoughts and have attempted. I'm writing this because I want to open up about this, in hopes that I can resolve some of the guilt, and the image of his mom after 6 years of being haunted by it.

Much love and thank you for reading this :)