trying my besti’m trying, i promise i am. i push through each day and i try my best. i try to push negative thoughts away and fill that void with positive ones. it doesn’t work though. 
i try to eat healthy but i find myself skipping breakfast and carrying my lunch through to dinner by accident because the hunger seemingly feels like nothing now and after only a snack i’m good.

i try to be confident but i can’t, i keep pushing and learning and living but i always get set back.
i don’t try particularly hard at school and yet my grades are pretty high so that’s good i guess. 
i have no hobbies or talents though, those are the things that really make a person. not grades on paper. anyone can achieve those grades.

i feel as though everyone around me secretly hates me, but feels as though it’s their duty to take care of me or at least tolerate me whilst they have to. i feel dumb, beyond dumb. 

i don’t even want to kill myself, that’s what i tell myself anyway. i’m too scared to be honest. i’m too scared of what comes after death. i’m too scared OF death. i’m scared of hurting family and friends that may have a tiny bit of care for me. secretly i know that i could probably slip away anyway and after a while they’d all get over it - eventually. it seems selfish for me to do though i guess. 

i can’t even self harm - i’m afraid of cuts being infected so instead i just hit my head again and again and slap myself and shout dumb words at the stupid reflection in the mirror. nothing helps of course but at least it tires me out.

i try my best but it’s like i don’t understand social cues. i don’t understand when enough is enough. it’s like i don’t even know how to speak sometimes. 

i wanna slip away from the world. i want to have never been in existence. maybe i want to go back to when i was a child - but with my brain as it is, and be able to live through and make the right choices when i could, speak out when i was supposed to. but no. that’s not how it works. i had my chances in the moment and they are gone.

why is everything so repetitive? it’s just a vicious cycle again and again of eating and sleeping and talking and walking and resting and sleeping and eating and sleeping and resting and... you get the idea. i can’t do it anymore but i know i must.

i don’t know what would make me truly, fully happy anymore. i’m trying to keep on pushing - i fight back the tears but sometimes they come pouring out and i can’t stop them. sometimes all i have to do is look in the mirror. even looking into my own eyes makes me realise how empty i am. when i wave at myself in the mirror and realise the shell of a person i am.

i’m too tired to type anymore and to be honest no one probably even read to the end

all i know is that i just wanna stop but i know i mustn’t. i can’t do it anymore. 

