I don't really understand *why* I'm doing what I'm doing every day.I'm in college. My primary source of happiness is friends. I'm a really shy introvert but my favorite thing to do is spend time with someone I care about. I don't really make friends easily as I also have Asperger's syndrome and while I'm at the "better at socializing" end of that spectrum, I still struggle with it.

I've found a club I really like and it's really big. I've been trying to make friends there for a while but I'm not having much success. I've asked a few people to hang out but they have said they are busy every time so far. and that's ok, it's college, people get busy. But I often see them hanging out via social media, without inviting me, which really hurts :( Sometimes even on nights where I asked them if they wanted to get together and they tell me they are too busy.

I have 2 other friends not in the club. I care about them a lot. But they are both in dedicated, long-term relationships and live with their SOs. And so I am not able to hang out with them often without feeling like a third wheel. Maybe 1-2 hours per week.

Plus I've been pretty bummed with the semester so far. I'm taking 18 credits, which is 6 courses and the max allowed by my university for undergrads. I'm not stressing due to how much work it is (it's actually not much), it's just that... they're boring. And it's not that they are too easy, if they were, my grades would be better. They are classes that I want to do for a full time job after I graduate. I really like the topics. But the way they are presented is so boring. I don't feel like I'm learning anything. Actually, I feel like i'm learning in 1 class, but it is the least important class to my graduation (it's optional, for a minor).

So I feel like I am paying out the ass to go to school and not learning anything. and I'm totally alone while doing it. I really don't handle loneliness very well at all. I've tried going to clubs and I don't feel like I'm making any success even though I've been going to meetings for over a little over a year.

I just.. I don't understand why i'm here. none of this matters. i'm wasting all my money and all my time. nobody cares about me or what i do with my life or anything. every night it gets worse. i get 2-4 hours of sleep per night even if i take melatonin early. i have a panic attack almost every day. i feel terrible.

i don't really know what to do. i went to therapy for 7 years with probably 7 or 8 therapists and i never once felt like it ever helped. i was on meds for 4-5 years but they never made me feel _better_, just the same or sometimes worse or sometimes just apathetic about everything.

what good is life if you don't have anyone to share it with?