I don't feel like I have even a hypothetical chance to improve my existenceHello, people!
I am now at a point of life where I am completely stuck. 
I am 23, currently doing my master studies. 
Apparently, my life looks decent from the outside. But in reality, it is hell. I am at a point where I do not identify myself with being a person anymore. I just feel like I am nothing, just a rotting body with no feelings and perspectives that things will improve even in theory.
 I have struggled with an eating disorder since I was 16. Tried to get help from several medical institutions, psychologists, pills, etc. But it only gets worse with time. In last 2 years it has been a living hell. I cannot deal with it any longer. On top of that, I am also bipolar. Which does not help when I try to control myself. I basically cannot. 
I do not care how I look. I do not want to be pretty and thin. I just want to be productive and useful, because it makes me feel good. 
The problem is that I only can focus on studying and living life in general when I can restrict. But I cannot anymore as now my eating disorder took the form of BED (before it was anorexia, then ednos, then anorexia again, the couple of bulimic months when I inhaled a spoon and now BED for a couple years). I am not thin anymore. I do not care for that. But I feel worthless when I am constantly thinking about stuffing myself and doing that. This makes me unproductive. I sincerely try to care about my studies and am pretty good at forcing myself to do it. But in reality, it will not go well. It got worse in last 2 moths. Before that, even with constant internal struggle, I was passionate about learning stuff. But now it became a chore. Everything became a chore. Even washing my hair and basic hygiene. I don't go out. My friends do not understand me because I cannot formulate what I feel accurately. Even now as I am typing, I realize that it all sound basic and cheesy, like "put yourself together, woman, children in Africa are starving and you only care about your stupid problem you invented". But believe me, it is impossible to live like that, when you don't identify yourself not only with being a young woman but even with being a person. I constantly feel like I am somekind of a cartoon character which is pleasant to be around (I am nice to people and ready to help them if they ask and have good sense of humor) but not really a person with a full life. I have goals, I want to have a good carreer and be able to support my parents, but the necessity for that is to be able to control my eating habits. I never wished and feel stupid that such a basic thing controls my life. But in reality it does, I just have to accept it and minimize the suffering while trying to function. I just do not how to get back in control. Tried everything, it just does not work. I got out of patience and tried to commit suicide 2 times over the last 3 weeks. Magically, it did not work '(the car stopped and I just got scratches and bruises on my head and arms and the second time I just passed out for 1.5 days after taking an overdose of pills and woke up in a bunch of vomit, sorry for details). So yes. Don't know what now
