I must be the most hated person on the planetSomeone recently told me they believe that I think the world revolves around me because I "live in a fairy tale world where every single person hates you". But their words mean nothing, because it's not a fairy tale. Every single person I have ever met has come to hate my guts. No one will tell me why.

Every day I feel the guilt of doing something wrong without knowing what, feeling the guilt of hurting someone I cared about without knowing how, if I did it consciously or was it by accident, or did I hurt them at all? Did they ever care about me? Was my one mistake their excuse to escape me? Every single moment of my life I am second guessing what I am doing, what I have done, and what I will do. I have no faith in any relationship I have ever had with anyone, and I don't mean romantic relationships. I'm such an unlikable person that I gave up ever finding someone who cares about me years ago. I second guess every word they say, every pause in their speech, the looks they give me, the distance they stay from me, it's all calculated in my head, I can see the results immediately that they don't like me. There is nothing I am proud of, I believe that I have never had a positive impact on anyone's life.

I had to run away from my family because they were terrible parents. I don't know whether or not I was abused. I've only ever told my story to one other person, and their opinion doesn't really matter because in the end it turned out all they did was lie to me and use me. I ran away and lived with my friend at the time, which their family was very glad to have me around but on the second or third night I heard them talking about how they don't want me there, and that sowed the seeds of doubt in me. Months later they kicked me out. I was given no warning, no reason, and they never spoke to me again. I do not understand what I could have possibly done to deserve this. I don't drink, I don't do drugs, I don't steal, I don't vandalize things, I work night shifts but always tried to stay quiet when I came home from work, and whenever they told me they had a problem with something I was doing, I specifically and blatantly made an effort to stop doing that, to change, and they saw it and ignored it. There was once an altercation where I was talking to their younger son and I lied down on top of his bed while talking to him, he was sitting in a chair next to the bed. I was completely clothed, I didn't crawl under his blanket or anything, I simply lied down on top of the bed, and their family got very angry at me and yelled at me, and when I asked what I did wrong, they simply got even more angry with me because I didn't know what I did wrong.

Even if somehow I could escape these thoughts, my very basic living skills are impaired so badly I can barely survive on my own. I live in government care and they are kicking me out at the end of the month. I can't stand working enough hours to pay rent, I can't stand my minimum wage, part-time job, how the fuck could I possibly live working full-time, when every single second of work is just me being treated like shit by customers and employees who specifically have told me they give me the hard jobs because they don't like me. I have to fall back to my terrible parents who are so cocky and self-absorbed they say things like "bet you wish you didn't run away now, don't you" in which I respond telling them why I ran away and they simply don't believe it, they cannot believe that they somehow negatively impacted my life. They are so self-absorbed they legitimately believe they are perfect and there is no feasible way anything they did hurt or endangered me. I can't stand my own family. I hate them. My grandparents beg me to come live with them, but they're so fucking stupid they say "only if you change your ways", which means they want me to stop staying up at night, which means quitting my job for no fucking reason just to make them happy. I hate them anyways, ever since I was born all they ever did was complain about me and how I was never the kid they wanted, everyone always complained that I didn't play outside or talk to the other kids... Maybe they would have known why I didn't do those things if maybe they took me to a doctor once in the 18 years I lived with them... just now in government care they've started to speculate I probably have autism, aspergers, or tourettes, or any combination of them. But even the government has given up on me, they've cancelled my appointments for no reason without telling me, they stopped working towards the autism assessment, they've stopped helping me find a place to live, they even told me that I should move back in with my mother. They are so useless that they took a child who ran away from their parents because they were being neglected and abused and their way to resolve that issue is to just move me back in with them. No one wants me to live. I have severe GAD and depression and all my doctor has prescribed me are sleeping pills. My doctor just doesn't understand what I am saying to them, I say, I feel extremely anxious always, he says, here's three pills for you to take when you feel really anxious. 

I hate eating, it makes me feel sick, I cant eat anything other than cheese, bread, and meat. I have no fiber in my diet so I have hemorrhoids which prevent me from walking because the more I move my legs the more they hurt. But no one listens when I tell them that and at work they tell me I have to walk all around the building all day and they complain when I come back half way through the shift and say I have to go home because my fucking asshole is bleeding. I'm not even fat or extremely out of shape, I'm maybe 110 pounds. I don't get it. I don't understand how anyone can live. People just don't fucking get it. They say work is a part of life, you just gotta work. But these fucking assholes don't understand that at the most fundamental, basic levels, my life is shit, eating is a struggle, sleeping is a struggle, thinking is a struggle, moving is a struggle, I have no friends, my family is cancerous, the government doesn't care about me, I have no skills, and people expect me to just do shit "for me". I don't give a shit about me. I'm worthless. I'm worse than worthless, I am a drain on anyone and everyone involved with my life. I am too much of a pussy to kill myself. I hate this miserable existence Why. There is no reason to go on. There is no hope. There is nothing I will ever be able to do with my life. Everything in life revolves around people and people hate me and I hate them too.