Does suicide make us weak or strong?I always argue in my head on if people who commit suicide and struggle with suicide ideation are strong or weak.

I just find it so dumb and ignorant how after a person commits suicide. People are like "OH SUICIDE IS ONLY FOR THE WEAK." blah blah blah. 

When in reality. I'm pretty sure whoever killed themselves convinced themselves that they WERE in fact weak. That's why they aren't here anymore. I feel like people who say things like that are trying to belittle the person who died of suicide. When in all actuality. The person who killed themselves would agree with them. 

But are people who commit suicide actually weak? I don't think so.

For those of us who struggle with suicide ideation. I don't believe we are weak. We are just perceived weak. Because no one on the outside looking in, are there with us. When we battle our internal/external demons. You know?

Like you have to be pretty fucking strong to not kill yourself. When you're crying. And have given yourself every reason in the world to end your life. And yet you still don't. However, no one sees those moments of huge courage, and bravery, and moments where we pull the strength to live out of thin fucking air. Even when we still don't feel strong at all. 

Like no one is there with us. When we've had a shitty day. And we're sitting down looking at those pills, we know one too many can kill us. Or when we've got a gun to our head. And somehow fight the urge to pull the trigger. Or those moments where we feel empty. And stare at the blades, we desperately just want to end it all with. Or the moments when we're in the shower. Breaking down because that's the only place where we get to lose our shit in peace. NO ONE IS THERE IN THOSE MOMENTS, EXCEPT US. 

And I just feel like the only difference between a person who died from suicide, and a person who is alive yet struggling not to commit suicide. Are the amount of moments in the dark they have. When no one is around us. Regardless though, I think we are all strong. Even though half of us (if not all), including myself don't always believe it. 

Just imagine how many people are too in denial that they are "weak" or going through something. Or too afraid to admit to them own selves that anything is wrong. I'd call a person who is in denial of their darkness "weak". Before I call a person who commits suicide "weak". 

Because it takes some huge strength to do the "unthinkable", or the thing that can't be "reasoned". Like killing one's own self. That goes against every natural instinct of the human mind. And I just don't think any "weak" person could accomplish such a task.