I don't know where to turn anymore.For background: I'm a young teenage girl that goes to a Catholic school against her will \[family isn't Catholic\]

Basically, I need advice.

When I was little, I'd always get angry at people and tell them I'd break their nose or, in one case, I really hated this kid Kaden, and on a list of things to "annoy" him, I wrote I'd eat his flesh. I always got sent to the office for behavior issues and was put in some special classes because of it too. I got pulled out of school by my parents because the school wanted to put me on medication. \[My mom believes they wanted to induct me in some religion or some crap, she believes a bunch of insane crazy shit so I guess I'm not surprised.. More on her later.\]

Around 9 years later, I'm in a Catholic school. It was okay at first, but It's only gotten worse. Now I'm at the lowest point in my life. Whenever I run to my parents, they always call me selfish and/or spoiled for feeling alone. I'm an extrovert and I only want to be with people and make them happy but it's almost impossible for me now. I have these HORRIBLE mood swings that used to be alright, but now interfere with my life. I can go from being extremely happy to extremely angry. Usually it's from something to anger. Whenever I get into one of these anger episodes, I usually cry a ton, throw things, and say pretty violent things about whatever angered me, even if it was a computer.

This is all involuntary and I can't control it-and now it's taking over my life. Often when I'm doing the dishes I look at the knives and I wonder what it'd be like if I killed myself, but I never do it because I'm scared. Then I just shake my head and go back to my chore.

I know my life is far from horrible, and I feel GUILTY for feeling like this. I know other kids would be overjoyed to have a life like mine but... I can't help but to cry over the smallest things. I know this isn't like the other girls in my class. I really want to go to a psychiatrist but my parents won't let me. The only time I've been happy in the past month was visiting my brother in L.A. for a few days \[I absolutely LOVE my brother. He's one of the only things that I couldn't live without\] but after that, I came home to Minnesota and had a complete culture shock. Going to school after that just threw me off the edge and I haven't been able to handle myself since. I know something's always been wrong but I guess I won't be able to know for a while.

I've been experiencing the mood swings and sadness for the past 3 years now and it's only gotten worse. Can't get through the day without a swing interrupting me and making me lose my shit in the middle of class or something like that.

Anyways, I could use advice. I have nowhere else to turn except here, I'm kind of lonely. I've reached out for help so many times but I've gotten little to none. I'm so over my fucking life at this point that I feel like hell's just repeating itself every day. I've woken up at 2PM for the past 3 days, I sleep in the attic and it's hot as hell up here, just-- everything at once builds up and becomes a living nightmare. Again, I know I sound ungrateful but I literally cannot help it.

I can't really convey the situation perfectly over text, but I hope someone out there understands.