Trigger-Mention of Rape-Feeling suffocatedHey guys.
Don’t really know why I’m writing on here. I’m more of the bottle it up kind of person. But I think I just need to...talk. 

I think the thing about rape is that some people thing eventually the pain goes away. I hate the term survivor, always have and always will. I think that’s because survivor means you’ve dealt with it. You’ve won. You’ve overcome it and it no longer affects you. When the reality is that it affects me all the time.

It happened when I was six years old. My mother had told me it only happened for one year. Eventually I turned the house up one day in search for answers and found documents that said he raped me for several years. To quote him “There isn’t a day I can recall that I didn’t rape her.”. 

Now my mind blocked most of it out. But that in no way makes it better. It in no way means that I don’t deal with the consequences of it. All my relationships have failed because I refuse sex with them. It just freaks me out. It’s like giving up control. 

I’m still living with my mother now. I tried to tell her one day that I wanted a restraining order against my step-brother and she couldn’t believe it. Wanted to know why. When I finally spoke up for once and simply said that I was doing it for me, she rolled her eyes, said whatever and left the room and never spoke again for the rest of the night. In her eyes, I believe she doesn’t see that he’s done anything wrong. She’s kept what he did a secret from my two younger siblings because she doesn’t want it to affect their relationship with him. She always brings him around despite my pleas not to.

With the strained relationship, I broke down to my dad one night and asked if he supported me...because I needed to know someone did. Thankfully he did and understood. But also let it slip that my other older brother had raped me as well....something I was unaware of and can’t recall. My dad lives too far out to really move to his and with this new news....it’s just too much to process. 

Now I just feel like I’m suffocating. I can’t talk to anyone because I’m wanting to be a Teacher after University and nobody will hire a depressed teacher compared to a normal one. I just...don’t really want to be here anymore. I want to cry, and scream, and throw plates against a wall until it finally makes me breakdown more. But most of all, I just don’t want to do it anymore. It’s suffocating.  I don’t see a way out of this. I can’t get a restraining order. I can’t leave home as I don’t earn enough...I just...can’t see a light. I’d rather end the pain then continue to fight a loosing battle....Nobody will ever love me. I’ll never be free of my brothers. I can’t have a normal family....I just...want to end it really. 