I'm never going to escape my shit life, I'm starting to wonder if there's even a point in trying to go onI'm an 18 year old girl, and my home life is so fucked. I basically care for my younger siblings. My dad is toxic as fuck and my mom works all the time so that we still have a fucking house. 

Everyone just expects me to fix their issues. When they have a problem or they need someone to fix something, they come to me. I'm not a normal teenager. I stay up late and wake up late because I just don't want to fucking be awake. Be up so I can hear passive aggressive shit from my dad about stuff I can't control? And take care of the kids on my own? No fucking thank you. I just can't do it. No one gets it. And don't suggest CPS because that really isn't an option right now. They have food and clothes and a roof, they just need emotional stuff. 

I don't hate my family. But I hate being so tied to them. I can't do shit without them. I went out with some friends today and I felt like a normal fucking teenager. It was amazing. And I got home and everything just came crashing down. I was needed by everyone for everything. All I heard about was how shitty their day was and complaining about all the fighting and people wanting my attention for shit. Everyone arguing and being cranky for no goddamn reason. I just can't handle it. 

I feel stripped of my individuality. I don't feel like a human being. I feel like an accessory. Like their fucking nanny that doesn't have a family of her own. I just exist for them and nothing else. I don't have a job, I don't have my license, I don't feel like a person. Even with my friends, I'm just a fucking burden because I don't have money and I can't fuckin drive myself places. I feel like a loser. 

And today? I realized that I don't know if I can ever escape this. I can move out, but I'll still have people begging for my attention and making me feel guilty about leaving. They'll still beg me to come over and deal with their problems. I know that my siblings are just kids, but they need fucking parents that do shit for them. 

I don't know if I want to keep living like this if I'm never going to escape it. If I'm just always gonna be their stupid family accessory. I just don't feel like a person anymore. I don't want to live the rest of my life like this. I know shit can get better as you get older and break off from family, but I feel like this is just always going to haunt me. 

I talk to my best friend about this, but I feel like it's getting too much. She has her own issues and I'm starting to stress her out with mine. I have no where else to go. I'm a burden and I hate myself. 

I don't have my license but I have my permit and I've been driving for a year and a half. I almost want to just take one of the cars and just drive it into a tree full speed. I'd probably leave a voicemail for the guy I've been talking to and I'd have him tell my family that I'm sorry. I'd tell him that I'm sorry. That I cared but couldn't do it. I'm too much of a pussy to go through with it right now, but the fact that the urge is there frightens me. But if this is gonna be my life then I don't want to do it. 

I don't know. I don't know what the say or feel. I don't want anyone to call the cops or something so I'm not telling anyone...