I don’t know how to feel anymoreI am 17 and I am not depressed. At least, I don’t think I am. My mom saw my report card and she got angry. She said that I was useless, a failure and that I should kill myself just because I got a 66 on AP Social Studies. I am not good at sports, don’t have a job and I am pretty antisocial. I’m not that good looking as well, so having high grades is really the only thing I have to hold on to at this point. This has been my life ever since I could remember. Get the best grades and if I got anything below 85, I was hit with either a belt, hanger, meter stick, or slippers and she would tell me that I am useless, a failure and that I should kill myself because my death would have no impact in this world. 

I would’ve been fine with her hurtful words but it was different today. I’ve been having a terrible day since my friend came over to my house earlier, crying and told me that he was feeling depressed and that he wanted to just end it all. I thought he was joking because why would he come to my house if he wanted to kill himself and we often made edgy jokes but then he showed me the contents of the bag that was with him. It was rope tied into a noose and a bottle of sleeping pills. This freaked me out and I had to convince him to not do it and I had to talk him out of thinking negatively. I asked him why he didn’t just text me but he told me that he just wanted to go away from his toxic parents. He was passing by my house and decided to at least talk to me for one last time. I told him how relieved i was that he isn’t gonna do it anymore and told him to throw the rope and sleeping pills into the garbage bin behind my house. I watched him do it and he thanked me and he left. I felt like shit because a close friend just literally could’ve died today.  

And then my mom just had to receive my report cards in the mail today. This is the worst day I have ever had. I know there’s something wrong with me because now, I am actually considering suicide. I’ve been told to die for so many years. What if I actually do commit suicide? I mean, the noose and sleeping pills are still at the back of my house and trash collection is still 2 days away. I still have 2 days to decide whether to die. Maybe I’ll pussy out like the past few times I actually tried to kill myself but today is different. I’ve now been presented a way to die without pain. 

I’m actually considering dying tonight. My mom has work and my little brother is at a sleepover. I would die overnight and no one’s going to know until my mom comes home at 9 am tomorrow. I feel selfish for wanting to die and it makes me want to die even more for being such a terrible person. Maybe I should listen to the words I told my friend to convince him out of suicide. But I still feel really terrible. It’s like all of the negative feelings I’ve bottled up these past 4 years just came bursting out tonight. I don’t know. I hope I figure it out soon because there’s a part of me that worries about how my death would affect my little brother but there’s also the majority of my mind that wants to die. So, I came here. I saw my friend write a draft for this subreddit before but I don’t know if he ever posted it. Maybe there’s some kind of advice someone here could give me but the suicidal thoughts are really messing with my head. 

My friend has been calling me for the past 15 minutes but I don’t want to answer it. I feel like if I answer it, his negativity could push me over the edge and just run for the pills he threw out and chug it. I guess it’s weird. I want to die but I also don’t want to die at the same time. Maybe I should answer it but with my mind state right now, I think I would make him feel worse. I don’t think it’s good for 2 suicidal person to talk. Especially since right now, if I pick up his call and he told me he’s actually going to do it, I would agree and join him in death. So, I’m in kind of a dilemma. But thank you if you read this. Writing all of these somewhat lifted a little weight off my chest. 

