Desperately need helpMy girlfriend is extremely suicidal. She coped with emotional and physical abuse from a parent with mental illness throughout her whole childhood and has attempted suicide extremely often since she was 7 years old.. she had some very crazy and unfortunate things happen to her again this year and it has made her turn back to these thoughts but apparently even worse than before. She hid her feelings from me and has finally come out about it. She tells me her life is painful and she wants to die everyday, thinks about death everyday and often plans a way to commit suicide.. I really worry about her and I try my very best to talk her out of it and tell her I'm here, I love her and so on but it never helps as she says nothing can help her since she's been broken since childhood. She has a period per day of uncontrollable crying and suicidal thoughts. Nowadays she tells me I'm the reason she's still alive and wants me to stop supporting her and she says things things like "If you let me go I can go back to heaven and my pain will end" It really hurts me and I'm in tears every single day, she says she doesn't need help and that she doesn't wanna get better and happy, just wants to die. Her family apparently have known about her thoughts and intentions for 10+ years and do not try to stop her from doing it as she says "they understand my pain" I really cant believe it and it hurts me even more. When I called her by her name yesterday, she was shocked and told me she feels she is not the same person anymore and that name belongs to a different person, all her stuff is a different persons and she is living in another persons body. I told her this wasn't normal but she insists she's ok and doesn't need help. When I say things will get better she gets very emotional and says "thats what everyone says, but it just continues to get worse" "I have no hope and I'm tired of being alive". The worst part for me about all this is we're in a long distance relationship and we can't meet up again until August as we are 6000 miles apart.. she goes to counselling on a weekly basis and his asked him things such as "what is a nice way to kill myself without blood" but he just listens and doesn't give any advice or support. I tried asking her to go to the hospital ASAP but she ignored me for hours until finally she said she would even though it'll cost her a lot of money. Another thing is she wont promise me that she'll not hurt herself or attempt to hurt herself and it really frightens me.. she just replies with "but I'm in pain, please understand my feelings" We're a very close couple and love each other very much. But she still wont have hope for the future or anything I tell her. I really really extremely love her and I wanna support her always and always be there for her. I really fear I'll wake up one day and she's done something bad. I feel extremely depressed every single day and worry about her day and night and have trouble sleeping.. I'm really desperately in need for someones advice on what I should do. Thanks