I don't really want to continueHello. I'm not feeling really good right now. It really all began when I started feeling really bad about myself at around December of last year. My parents really got on my case because, even though I usually get straight A's, I got 2 B's on my report card last semester. Despite the fact that I'm taking all the advanced classes for the first time, they apparently had extreme expectations for me. They always focus on little things in my academic life. One day my biology dropped to a C+ because I didn't turn in this one assignment, I turned it in late and got no reduction to being late and it bumped it all the way back to an A-, my mother and father both were extremely angry that I got it down in the first place. 


They started acting in a way I've never seen them really before, they constantly say I'm irresponsible and I always forget to do one thing and they get on my case and never let me live it down. I'm always commented on my appearance. It got worse just a few hours before making this post, my dad found out I procrastinate and took a break from my homework (despite it being almost finished) and got enraged. He said that next year, I won't get to procrastinate and take breaks because I'll be extremely monitored. 


I don't even know really why I continue. I don't have a drive to finish school, because in college they want me to go to somewhere like Stanford or Harvard (prestigious, high-end colleges for those of you who don't know), and they want me to take up something that will give me a job that will pay high like medicine or law. I don't have any dreams or aspirations, my dad says I'm too "unskilled" whenever I tell him anything about what I want to do. I play video games, only on the weekends, and my dad says that that's the reason that I'm like "that." I have friends sure, but all we do is meme around. We could never really share and talk about "emotions." I put on this act of being a really funny guy and always being happy at school, and even at home, but I really feel terrible. My diet is extremely unhealthy- I don't eat vegetables or seafood (except for tempura shrimp), and I've tried changing but I always go back to this diet.


I've changed this school year a lot in my opinion. I've lost any trace of self esteem, I'm worried about every single thing I do, I'm unsure about everything I say, everything I see, hear, I don't even know if this really qualifies as being "depressed." I can't think for myself. 


Getting help would not help at all. If I went to a counselor, they'd just stick me in family therapy or something. They couldn't relocate me or do anything to make me not come in contact with my parents, they're not really "abusing" me. I haven't been beat or hit (yet), so it's not really abuse. I always have these thoughts and I don't think I'm even entitled to say I've got it bad, or I'm feeling bad. My parents constantly remind me that there's people out there that are suffering and have no food, family, friends, etc. and that I'm lucky. I took it to heart and I constantly tell myself that and that I don't get to feel sad. 


I've cried a lot in this household. My parents get extremely angry/start ranting a lot when I don't meet their standards. They say they do it because they "love me." I don't believe in it. I think they're just trying to have me for bragging rights or something. I don't even know. It's been hell lately too, with finals coming up next week I try to get serious today but my parents see it as an excuse to just waste my life on the computer. I've been thinking suicidal lately. I've been like that once before an entire different reason (yup, it's because of my parents again) and I even told them- they literally just told me to not think that way. My parents see depression as a disease and that regular people aren't entitled to it, or at least me.

I really don't know what to do with myself.