My experience with free therapy U.S.A. over age 45, for the middle aged readersI have posted here quite a bit, recently.

Some of my posts drew ire. 

I'm unable to endure some of the things people here have endured long term, thru their similar challenges.

Some people who became homeless can endure living in a tent, a shelter, taking free handouts &amp; working low wage survival jobs with no dental or healthcare &amp; living with strangers.

After 3 years, I can not. I'm done. Not everyone can endure living that way for long periods of time at mid age.

Some qualify for SSI/SSDI &amp; Medicaid. I do not. I have knowledge about the so called "resources &amp; programs" &amp; healthcare administration. It requires extensive medical documentation &amp; acknowledgement of education &amp; occupational skill level evaluations with Voc Rehab &amp; doctors.

What got us here isnt for the same reasons. But the system is designed to keep people enslaved, dependent, poor &amp; deprived of autonomy &amp; dignity.

Some people who were raised in poor homes can adapt. Not everyone can.

This is what draws ire from those who have endured. We're not all the same. 

I went to a non-profit mental health center in 2018 and a FREE county/State paid mental health clinic, to speak with a M.D. Psychiatrist.

This was due to job push outs at mid age combined with work place retaliation that wouldn't permit me time off as a NEW, mid age employee, to get corrective surgery.

Many of the Corporations where I WB whistleblew (one employer) &amp; that pushed me out of work, donate to United Way &amp; these non-profits. 

Some of these non-profits are shady. All businesses exist to make money. 💰💰

Unlike private pay, these places don't care if they help you or not. Most can't help. They serve as places to vent. 

"You get what you pay for." 

The M.D. strongly suggested that I leave the area because I was in the South, in a lower demographic, from where I was raised.

The jobs &amp; the area were an obvious cultural mismatch.

I was encouraged to just pick up &amp; get employment and return to the expensive N.E.

I agreed. It does cost money to move. 

I needed a job, moving money, and a place to live. To rent, I needed employment. I never lived with random strangers selected from the internet. 

I always had my own place.
When I moved South, I had a job lined up and an apt with a commercial company that was well funded, safe &amp; maintained. My own lock, key &amp; lease.

I couldn't get work up North. I gave up my residence when I moved South. I needed a job to qualify for a place to live. I did an extensive search both in &amp; out of my career field.

My circumstances are complex. I am financially literate. Low wage jobs cant hire me. Temp agencies cant hire me. 

Its not that its beneath me. I would need someone to show me how I can survive and meet the basic necessities to live, while making an extremely low amount of money. 

I am #'s oriented &amp; adhere to a budget.
 
Many places of employment said I am overqualified. They didn't want to waste their time hiring a short term employee who would still be looking.

How do I know this?

I tried. The survival jobs were low wage, low skilled &amp; when they discovered I was still looking, the micromanagemt &amp; nitpicking to get me to quit began to surface. I wouldnt quit. They had to push me out. 

I've worked in prof'l Co roles to understand human resources, labor laws, management, healthcare costs, cultural fit &amp; employer liability concerns.

Co's do push out older people and they dont have to hire them either. In the recent jobs I had, the pay was inadequate &amp; did not meet my financial needs. I developed age related health issues &amp; I couldn't afford housing &amp; healthcare on the very low pay.

I have to earn a living wage. The Govt can't take care of me. 

The Govt programs provide subsistence level care that is inadequate. It doesnt meet everyone's needs. Most therapy isnt even on the same cognitive level for someone with advanced education, self awareness &amp; who had prior advanced therapy.

I was raised upper-middle class where I had the best education and medical &amp; dental care. I studied Masters level Psychology with my Masters academic degree program. I saw private pay out of pocket PhD &amp; M.D. therapists.

What kept me functioning was a healthy lifestyle combined with housing, healthcare, gym, yoga, dental &amp; vision care &amp; proper nutrition which costs money. 

Poverty living is hard on anyone. Men and women are not biologically equal. Younger people are not biologically equal to older people. 

I've aged out of Corporate jobs. Corporate jobs have been dumbed down due to automation. The wages have been stagnant, 401k &amp; pensions phased out with high turnover, out sourcing, &amp; lack of loyalty.

Its not that I dont want to work, I can't get work. From my pushouts &amp; lawsuits, the places need to be a cultural fit and pay a living wage.

My bills and obligations are not yours. Some people walk away from bills and they want others to do what they do.

Ignoring bills, lying on resumes, shacking up with strangers isnt something that works for me. I dont know how to dumb down &amp; function at a robotic sublevel. I tried. And the employers could see I was out of my element. Like what was I doing there?

What happened to get reduced to such a low level of existence?

I dont criticize others for their choices. What I needed to stay alive, thriving &amp; healthy is out of reach for me.

At my age, there's 15 yrs max left to work. SS minus Medicare &amp; grad student loan will keep me where I am now.

And this is why I have reality based (non mentally ill) thoughts &amp; a need to "S." 😕