I’m just so exhausted and want this to end.I was in a toxic relationship with someone I had been with for six months on and off. I’m 19, he’s 27. In the beginning, everything was fun and exciting. I felt loved. It wasn’t something that was planned and it just sort of happened. I had also gotten out of a 3 year relationship prior to being with this person.

I knew he had a lot of baggage and the age difference. He had already been engaged with someone he was with for 3 years and was in a long distance relationship with. They even had a son together. Things ended for them a while back because she just got worse with her mental illness and constantly wanted to kill herself. She ended it. She also took their son back to where she was from(he and I are from California and she’s from Canada) because of issues where he currently lives. We had gotten together this past May and his son was suppose to come in June, but it didn’t happen. She also doesn’t respect him in any way and let’s their son be around someone who had raped her. It was someone she considered her best friend and he raped her when she came to his house a few years back, but forgave him cause he said “he didn’t mean to”. The guy even said he would step in to be the father. She’s just crazy all together and doesn’t respect my ex when it comes to their son.

Now back to us. Things were fine and we were happy in the beginning. But eventually, I noticed how much he didn’t really respect me and so did our mutual friends. Even doing the smallest things a boyfriend would do, like say holding hands, compliments or doing out of their way for their SO. It was always me doing everything. ME asking how his day was, how was work, etc. when our friends started to notice how little to no respect he had towards me, they would confront me about it and I would always defend him. Saying he doesn’t mean those comments, they’re just jokes. The hurtful things he says, that’s just the way he is. But he was just someone who was very manipulative and would make me look like the bad and crazy person. The times I tried to leave, he would change for a few days and give me what I want. Then go back to being the way he was. Always belittling me and giving the bare minimum. Even when I had become very sick, he wouldn’t care. It was very hard for me to let go. Well, I’m still trying. But I became very attached to someone who didn’t care about me. I still kept hoping he would go back to the way that he was in the beginning.

He would let other people be all over him and said he’s not doing anything wrong because HES the one not doing anything. Saying people stopped talking to him at work because of me. He made it seem like I was very possessive when I wasn’t. If anything I was some what of a lost puppy to him. I let him control my emotions so very easily.

A few days ago at work, he drops the bomb on me that his baby mom/ex is going to come here and stay in his house for a month in a half. The original plan was to go to Canada for a few days to pick his son up... but for whatever reason she’s coming here. He had months to save up for a hotel for her or some place else to live. But there really isn’t really a legitimate reason for her to be here. He says it’s cause he wanted to spend thanksgiving with his son and celebrate his birthday and she wanted to finish breastfeeding by his birthday came and all these other excuses. I wasn’t okay with it what so ever and didn’t even try to talk to me about it and how it would effect our relationship. Said “you have no say it’s my son. Doing this for him.” Just fucking bullshit.

On November 9th, I went to the hospital. I thought I had started my period, but I was on the 11th day of bleeding when it usually only lasts 2-4 days.i has also been in a big amount of pain and my breasts felt very sore. After seven long hours, I found out that I was 7 weeks pregnant and could be having a miscarriage. I also found out that I have two uteruses. They told me to schedule an appointment with an obgyn as soon as possible.

The past two weeks before I went to the hospital, I had been very stressed out and depressed because of him. I thought maybe that is why my “period” had been going on for so long. But finding out that I was pregnant by someone who doesn’t even show me the most basic love and affection and who is soon letting his ex live at his house for a month and a half killed me. Also finding out that I have two fucking uteruses!?

When I told him, he immediately pushed towards abortion and nothing else. Constant. Pushing. Saying that “I’m not ready” and just. Making me feel worse. I tried to bring up adoption but said that isn’t an option and if I had the baby, he would fight me for it... which I don’t even understand because he keeps pushing me towards killing it and saying “it needs to be done”.

I went to planned parent hood on the 10th because i wanted to see what the cause of the bleeding was. They said what was the point of going if I went to the hospital before. The hospital said they weren’t sure about the bleeding that’s why I had went and was hoping that someone could help me. They kept asking what I was going to do and I said I honestly don’t know. They kept slightly pushing me into why did I even come if I don’t know what I want and telling me they can remove it right then and there. But I wasn’t emotionally prepared and felt very stressed out and began to cry. I felt very stressed out and alone and couldn’t just decide to kill what was inside of me right then and there. Several nurses tried to talk to me but one of them was able to calm me down and talk to me about what was going on.

She said because of my bicornuate uterus, I’m 4x more likely to have miscarriages very early on or very late in my pregnancies. Im also just as likely to give birth to babies with birth defects because of the shape of my uterus. Also that my pregnancy is considered high risk. I could also have kidney failures and other bad stuff happening to me if I were to have any babies. It just made me feel much worse knowing I most likely can’t give birth to healthy children or put my life in danger. I always thought that having kids would be s blessing later in life but.. it just broke me even more.

I called an obgyn and the closest appointment available is tomorrow at 9:30. I feel very alone and very depressed. I don’t want to get an abortion. I don’t want to kill the life that is inside of me. But all the risks.. just. I know I won’t be able to live with myself. But him and everyone around me is making me get one even if the baby is healthy.

The baby mom came this last Thursday and he’s been ignoring me since. says that he’s “too busy” with his son, but can be on Facebook and Snapchat playing and acting like a happy family while he just abandons me and have me alone? My thoughts have been getting the best of me and I just. Want to kill myself. I’ve been so stressed and depressed for the past month and half and now learning that I’m pregnant and all the negatives. And him just. Pushing me to the side like I’m nothing. I had blocked him on everything since this past Saturday. I haven’t gone to work or seen anyone since this last Wednesday.

I just want this to end. I don’t want to kill my baby.
I know I won’t be able to live with myself and would just make me feel even worse. If I had the money, I would run away if I could. It’s not the baby’s fault that my body is so fucking stupid and having a pathetic mother and a father who just wants me to “get rid of the problem.” Pretty ironic to me when that someone is one who says his son is first and his number one priority. Yet, doesn’t give the a shit about the life we made, although it was an accident.

But I just feel so worthless and pathetic. I want to kill my self. I’m just so tired. I know I won’t be able to move on from this. I can’t have an abortion... or if I’m having a miscarriage. I just. Don’t know. I feel that
I’m too much of a coward to do so. But. If it comes to me having to get an abortion, I won’t be able to live with myself.