I wish I knew Another WayI've been diagnosed with Bipolar 1 Disorder and C-PTSD for almost 7 years now - I'm a 24 year old woman. For a long time, I was a cocaine and oxy addict, and I quit a year and two weeks ago. But, though I anticipated an upward progression having become sober, the reality for me is that there are now memories and resulting beliefs that being high helped me cope with much more than I'd realized, and now I have the clarity of mind to know that I would rather die sober than live a few more weeks or months or years high and ruining the lives of people I love just as I will now, but much more gradually and painfully. I know there are more options than to either relapse and die later or to kill myself, but sometimes I wonder when I read comments from those trying to discourage suicide to people with similar diagnoses to mine if they would really say at all the same things if they knew what it was like to be someone living with inescapable nauseating trauma and really damn awful brain chemistry. 

There have been, I think, some beautiful moments in the journey of recovery from both mental illness and addiction, and some things have been very life affirming. I got into the hardest law school in Canada to do a JD + Masters of Social Work double degree program and I was going to start in the fall and someday become a social policy lawyer. Even when I hadn't yet overcome my addiction, and was still overdosing frequently and having grand Mal seizures, and attempting suicide fruitlessly but once or twice a year, I spoke about my experience in advocacy of safe injection sites remaining open for a political change class and protested downtown and got my first TA job as an undergrad student. I write a blog for my own reflection and, over time, it became for others like me as well and I often get comments that let me know someone I don't even know is reading along and that they feel less alone, and as though there may be more solutions than they'd initially thought. I used to be so shy and introverted and painfully passive, and I have become someone who will stand up for my beliefs with an unshaken voice. I am really disappointed in myself for being unable to show resiliency any longer, but overall I know that in the grand scheme of things I really not only don't matter, but in fact hurt the ones I love more so than I've ever helped anyone. And, speaking frankly, as someone who was once an overt optimist, particularly about the nature of humanity, I have learned that seeing the world in such a light is delusional. I wouldn't wish for anything other than continued ignorance for the people who don't inflict harm but haven't had much of it done to them, but when you have seen and felt what many people are capable of doing on this earth, and then seen how few people care unless it's happened directly to them or bother to extend real empathy, as you know you and some of the good people you know would, you can never really go back to a happy existence. 

I don't have any moments of reprieve from the ugliness I see in the world anymore, and this week is the first week I've had in a year or so, where I've even been able to have the peace of silence from the man who's taken so much from me. Otherwise, for almost 6 years now, I've spent most waking moments of the day anticipating my own rape and murder by hiding knives under my mattresses - not to kill him when he arrives, because I'm not a large person and he certainly is, but to kill myself before he can rape me while I'm conscious and have that satisfaction of seeing me lose my last piece of self-respect. I only have the silence because I changed every way I can be contacted, and because I spoke to the police again and his mother was a deputy chief in our capital (he's 50, but he has a lengthy record including the rape of a 13 year old and his mother ensures he gets minimal sentencing) told him, I would assume, he has to lay off for a while until what always happens, does, and the police refuse to help. I was 18 when he locked me in his office when I met him to buy drugs for my friends and I for a party, and prior to that I believed everyone had good in their heart but that something was making it too hard for it to show that. But then I knew, and every day since I've known, especially once I'd exhausted every way of begging to be left to just live quietly again and he would laugh at each attempt, that much of the world is so dark. It's sickly, it's vomit-inducing, it's cruel without just cause if there even is one, and it's unchanging and unrelenting. I know what happens now isn't what he wanted and that gives me slight satisfaction, because he didn't get to touch me again and more directly ensure I would wind up in the ground while I struggled and pleaded. I called the shots, for once, and now he can never reach me again. I am sorry for the people I will hurt as a result, but I don't have another day of living with this in me. I can't convince myself for the 1000th time that tomorrow will be better, that he is really gone now, that I am stronger than what has happened, that someone will hear me and help me. Because I have infinite proof that such is not the case. Truthfully, if I ever knew someone I loved felt the way I do, at one point most days but for the past 6 months every minute, I wouldn't call to question their love for me should they find themselves unable to continue. I hope my family and friends can grant me the same pardon and feel my love for them with the intensity with which it will always be present, even when I'm gone. I wish I had been able to use my time or to take more time such that I could do something for other women like me, other survivors generally, but I don't think I am or ever have had that kind of courage. Things were supposed to be different, but I am genuinely happily anticipating this eternal quiet. I wish my cat weren't here though, I love her a lot and she seems scared and it is making me cry. I wish I were better and more than I am