I think it’s time for me to go homeUm, this may be a long rant so feel free to skip to the bottom for a TLDR

For the past few months I’ve been having this feeling that I need to go home. I’m originally from NYC, so I thought that it’s time to go “home” since I was spending most of my time there. 

I did, and it fell through terribly so I moved back to a town I was living in the past few years. 

A little about me, I’m a very spiritual and intuitive person. I can always feel when something is wrong or off, always. I’ve always believed in the universe and that I was guided by ancestors. 

I have siblings but my mom very much so dislikes me, so I grew up not alone but excluded, which is a whole different ballgame. I dreamed of growing up and being on my own and I’ve been doing so for the past few years but lately I’ve been getting an urge to go. 

Ok, planning to move to another state. Job falls through. But I keep getting the feeling to go home. Also, I’ve been feeling the feeling I felt as a kid. I have absolutely no family, no friends, no boyfriend, no coworkers, no nothing. I’m very much so alone. 

My escape from that was to go outside. Take Walks. Just move. I have ADHD so moving helps me stay on track. Due to COVID, none of my coping mechanisms for any of my disorders are available to me, as an artist. 

As the months go by, I’ve been falling deeper and deeper into a depression. I’ve tried using acid and weed as a way for therapy and it helps, a lot. But my dealer was mad I wouldn’t have sex with him so he cut me off. 

I’m trying. I’m a good person. I really do always put my best foot forward and I don’t understand why I’m always unhappy. I really try to be positive but it’s super hard when you’re all alone by force. I feel like I’m going crazy but I’m really not. I want help but there’s no help available that is accessible. 

I’m just really tired of being unhappy. I don’t function well being miserable. I love love and giving love and just being a loving person so I really don’t understand why I can’t catch a break. Life is literally like trying to get off the floor with a ton of oil on the floor. 

TLDR: I’m sorry this was super long. I’m just exhausted mentally, physically, emotionally everything. I can’t do this anymore I’ll rather not live than live miserably by force