insensitive to things you don't understandBefore I begin, I can't speak on behalf of my entire community. I'm also not the best at typing out complete thoughts.
I'm a transgender male. I have crippling dysphoria. Not everyone's dysphoria is at the same level as mine, but every transgender person deserves the same respect towards their identity.
I don't consider myself mentally ill by having my condition. I have depression and anxiety that stem from my condition, but being transgender isn't a "mental illness" and if anything it's a medical condition that needs treatment, which would be hormone replacement and surgery without it being considered cosmetic choices. Some transgender people are mentally ill for other reasons, and they still deserve the same respect. 

Here's why I'm putting this here. I am so uncomfortable in my body. Sometimes I look at myself in the mirror and want to slit my throat because I don't have an Adam's apple like my dad, and that's no where near the worst of what I deal with on a daily basis. I literally want to kill myself because I'm not who I'm supposed to be. There are so many people like me and people still want to dismiss it as us being delusional, disgusting, mentally ill humans who need therapy to be comfortable with "who we are already". The thing is, that doesn't work. Nothing is going to stop how we feel. 
Why not accept us transitioning to help us feel just a bit more comfortable with ourselves? What do you possibly get from refusing to respect someone's pronouns, making fun of someone's plastic surgery, calling a transwoman a man in a dress? Why is another human's pain and struggles funny to you? Because you're dehumanizing us for it and trivializing our struggles because you can't even begin to know and realize how it feels. So many trans youth are killing themselves because their parents don't accept them and today's society doesn't treat them seriously. It makes us feel sometimes that we don't have a future. I watch gay marriage become legal where I live and I'm glad, but I still see transpeople, especially trans women of color, get murdered and I see people calling Caitlyn Jenner a freak and I just don't understand. What does it matter to you. How is our life affecting you? I'd rather be dead sometimes than think about how many people think I'm disgusting scum of the earth for reasons that don't affect them in any way. When you can sit back and realize how different society is to people like me, you will understand why people like Caitlyn Jenner and the entirety of the transgender and LGBT community as a whole ARE brave for coming out. It's sad that to live our lives comfortably other people seek to make them even harder for no reason. I want transgender people, especially the young ones who aren't getting the chance to live freely, to stop having to kill themselves because they aren't getting the attention, love, and treatment they need. It makes me sick. As bad as I want to kill myself sometimes, I want to be here for others who are dealing with the same thing and sometimes that's the only thing keeping me going.