Constant thoughts of suicide/self harm, but I don't want to kill/hurt myselfI'm 17 years old and a senior in high school. I've gotten into my top choice college and I've applied for this internship over the summer. On the surface it seems like everything is perfect. However, everything took a turn a couple months ago. 

1) Applying to colleges stressed me tf out. A lot of my top choice schools didn't even look at my application b/c I didn't know I needed to take the Math Subject Test :))))))) And everyone I talked to would always ask about college. I was sick and tired of discussing it.
2) I almost lost my virginity to this guy. I had many bfs before him, but looking at him, kissing him, listening to him talk and play the guitar...it was different. I was in love with him. But he was in love with his ex, no matter how many times he denied it. They would always hang out and the day I almost lost it to him, he stopped b/c he couldn't handle the pressure of taking my virginity or of how it would make his ex feel. So now I'm trying my best to not talk to him and get him out of my mind. It's hard and I'm at an all time low where I can't orgasm during masturbation without thinking about the moment we shared and I've lost all drive to talk to any other guys. Hopefully time will heal this one. 
3) It's just my mom and I at home. I would stay out late, come home, get a lecture, not want to be home, repeat. My mom is impossible to argue with so I just nod and agree but with every argument, our relationship becomes worse and worse. I contemplated throwing myself down the stairs today just to spite her, and it sounds awful looking back on it.

This post is to seek advice. I've always been the perfect little girl - pretty, straight A's, kind, soft-spoken, no allergies or illnesses. Just a doll for everyone to show off. Recently, my mind has been filled with a voice that repeatedly says "Why don't I just kill myself?" "I want to just die." But I don't actually want to die. And I think about throwing myself down the stairs, overdosing on pills, smashing my head in... I would never do these things??? I don't think. But this voice keeps saying it over and over and sometimes, when I'm alone, I'll say it out loud. I cry everyday, usually before I nap or go to sleep at night because I'm stressed and always sad. I've lost any drive for school and work. I had never been the kid to miss school, but I skip first block everyday so I can sleep a little longer. I've skipped entire days a couple of times and slept the entire day away. I'm scared to go to a doctor. It's expensive and I don't want to be labeled or stereotyped if maybe I am diagnosed with depression or anxiety or something. Do I need professional help? 