friend on suicide watchHi everyone,   
I'm new to reddit &amp; this is my first post. I wish my first post could be something a bit more positive, but life isn't fair so whatevs.

Recently a close friend of mine (17 M) took LSD &amp; we think it triggered something in his mind, because now he's really depressed, on suicide watch, &amp; his family thinks he might be schizophrenic. We (his friends &amp; fam) don't think the LSD was a direct cause of his mental illness, because right after his experience everyone that hung out with him felt as though he was normal &amp; then progressively got worse. Which led us to believe that perhaps the LSD simply triggered his underlying mental disorder to emerge now rather than later in his future. 

I, myself, have my own share of mental disorders such as depression, anxiety, &amp; OCD to name a few, &amp; I used to be suicidal as well. I want to help my friend but idk what to do other than hang out with him &amp; make sure he doesn't do anything stupid. Hanging out with him makes me feel so useless because I can't help. Especially bc I've experienced a lot of the of the same symptoms he's currently experiencing now, though obviously not to the same extent . It feels so ridiculous &amp; frustrating to hear him describe the exact same thing I feel, &amp; then be at a complete loss for words and not be able to offer any advice.

I'm still here despite my incredibly pessimistic &amp; depressed personality, but I simply don't know what I can do to help him find joy in life again. My first year of college I used climb to the top of the parking garage &amp; stand as close to the ledge as I could &amp; dare myself to jump. I also have a past of self-harm, though mine was/is physical &amp; his form of self harm is risky behavior. I understand the antsiness he describes about being stuck at home &amp; I completely relate &amp; understand. I don't think sharing my mental health experiences with him would be healthy bc recently he's been adopting other people's behavior or self-diagnosing with anything he reads about.

On top of everything else, it feels like all our other friends abandoned him. I understand that it's difficult for them to visit him bc he no longer talks/acts like the same person we've all known for so long. In a way it feels like they are already mourning the death of our "old" version of him, but I feel he's still himself, just with no will to live. 

I'm starting school soon &amp; so is he, he's taking on a full 13 units this semester. I know the upcoming semester is going to stress him out (bc school stresses everyone out), but I was just looking for suggestions on how I can help him, since I'm completely useless to him at the moment. 

When life gets bleak &amp; grey for you guys what do you do to make yourself care again?

one thing that helps for me, is I find things to look forward to, even tiny things. My currently thing is snapchat streaks. but I know that this form of coping can be dangerous, bc if you lose one of the things you look forward to, it can wreak havoc on your mental health. 

If you don't have anything you do yourself to bring yourself back, then what is something you wish others would do? 

Any feedback would be insanely appreciated guys, thanks in advance!