I need helpIm not very good at this but I'll give it a try. I'm in love. I'm in live with the most greatest girl in the planet. The only problem is that I'm not anywhere near perfect. Im not that popular, I've never had any friends, and I've never had a girlfriend. But we sat next to each other in one class and we had another class together. (keep in mind this is high school. Simple right? Everyone is happy and marries their partner) we started talking and I started felling like I really liked her. She's one of the popular girls an she's friends with literally everybody at school, so we became "friends". Then we started texting, and this is where it gets interesting. I have some emotional issues and on several occasions I insulted her, screamed at her, and just generally was a jerk to her. I tried to make It better, I gave her little gifts, origami things and the like, to try and make up for how I treated her. Then I made the biggest mistake of my life. I told her that we shouldn't be friends anymore. I did this for several, now pointless reasons. I'm a generally closed off person, and we were getting so close that the thought of being emotionally open with another human being scared me, both for my sake and for what she would find when she saw. Another reason is that I didn't want her to have to go through my problems with me. She has her own problems, the usual teenage girl problems, insecurities, depression, the whole things. I didn't want her to have to deal with me and my emotional outburst as well. And finally, I loved her. Again, I haven't had many people to "love" but she made me feel different. She was all I was able to think about. I'm only posting this now because I'm up until 1 just thinking about her. I knew that even without all the emotion complications, it would be impossible for me to stay just her friend. Don't get me wrong, I fell privileged just to be friendzoned by a girl because at least she acknowledges my existane, plus the fact that all the emotional detachment has pretty much made me against dating in general. But with her, I would be able to hold it. Every day seeing her beautiful face and knowing that she barely even sees me as a friend would drive me to insanity (more insanity) and at some point I would tell her how I feel. Now even though she may be the girl who's friends with EVERYBODY she still wouldnt be able to get past that. It would ruin everything for us, because she doesn't feel the same way and she loves someone else. Like all teenage girls she's had her fair share of loves. She's been in love with at least 5 celebrities and people that she grew up with that are now in college. She could never love me, a kid she's barely know for a few months, who occasionally gives her romantic/borderline creepy gifts when I am even slightly mean to her, and has acted crazier than a normal person around the greatest girl ever, over a guy she's know for years like every other kid at school, or a person she's grown up with her entire life, even if they do leave her for college. There's now way it would ever work out between us and there's no reason to try. I don't even know why I writing this, and to this subreddit too. I'm not going to kill myself (at least not yet) but I just desperately wanted some other living soul to hear my story that would judge me for everything I've done and just tell me "you're not the worst person in the world" or "you could totally get her with just your personality. Don't try though" if you've managed to sit though this whole thing, thank you. Just having someone else know about my mess makes it better already. 

TL:DR I'm an idiot in love with the most perfect (perfectest?) girl in the universe. Tell me I'm not. 


EDIT: maybe I should X-post this to r/depression