Chronic pain and post grad educationI'm going to try to put his as coherently as possible. So here it goes. 

I've decided if I fail out of law school that I'm going to kill myself. I really hope this isn't the outcome, but this is one of the last things I've got going for me. As sad as it is, the sole reason I haven't already is I love my two cats more than anything. And one of them is very skittish and doesn't like anyone but me. The thought of him being scared and confused and wondering why I am never there anymore is too much for me. Otherwise I'd have probably killed myself awhile ago. 

I haven't had an easy life. I've been in a relationship for two years where I was physically, emotionally, and sexually abused. I was bullied relentlessly in school. I used to cope with everything through anorexia and self harm. Horrible social anxiety. But all of this I can live with. 

The main basis for me wanting to end my life stems from the fact that I am in constant pain from a medical condition, fshd (a type of muscular dystrophy). 

This is something I have had since I was born but the pain didn't start until I was 17. The pain is constant, and extremely debilitating at times. Before I was diagnosed, I got through every day telling myself that my Drs would figure out what was wrong and then fix me and then I could live painfree again. While I was happy to get a diagnosis (3 years after my pain started),it was bittersweet. There is no cure for FSHD. It is progressive. It is very unlikely in my lifetime we will see a cure. 

My condition, among other things, makes me unable to smile. I used to be able to smile as a kid. But now I can't. I hate how I look. I don't feel pretty or even average. I feel like a hideous monster. The other day I heard other law students commenting that I am always scowling and that I'm a Debbie downer. It hurt more than it should have. But worst of all is my physical pain. 

My pain significantly impacts my quality of life. My pain killers don't work anymore like they used to. It's so hard to sleep. It's hard to focus on anything and just function like a fucking human being. I don't feel like I'm truly living. My pain management isn't willing to give me a higher dose or try anything beyond what I'm on (I'm on an opiate). I feel helpless. I would literally do anything for one day without pain. 

I'm now currently in law school. I'm so worried I'm not Good enough for it. TWhich leads me to my current situation. If I fail out, I don't see any reason for me to be here other than my cats. I know it is selfish, but I am in so much pain. Chronic pain isn't just physical, it also beaks you mentally. I feel so unstable. 

It's hard to discuss this with anyone because most people don't know what it's like to have a progressive debilitating condition. Also being a law student, I can't risk a metal health professional having me committed. I would never pass my character and fitness test. 

I just want to pass law school so i can feel good about my life and have something positive to make the pain worth it. I want my life to be worth it. I'm just not sure that it is. 

I'm not sure if I'm seeking advice or just a forum to vent. Maybe a bit of both. Sorry for rambling on