I just need somewhere to put my thoughts.I've been the subject of a malicious prosecution and had my life destroyed in the process for the last year and a half. I am just so so tired of everything, of feeling like every part of my life is failing. I made two suicide attempts one year ago, although nobody knows this. I am terrified of hurting the people who care about me. I do a very intense university degree and we have managed to get the court to push the trial to my only week off after exams before starting my final year. I am on my last week of revision, before my exams. I have just been completely unable to function during revision and its almost not worth sitting my exams, I have spent so much time in bed just trying to avoid being awake and feeling everything but at the same time I've developed some horrendous sleeping issues. I've been on antiidepressants since last september, been seeing the counsellor as well. The doctors don't seem to be able to do anything else for me, they won't give me more sleep medication cos its addictive, but it also no longer works as I am at a constant level of high stress. I go from feeling everything to just completely numb inside. I want to stop living like this but there doesn't seem to be anyway out, but through. Everytime I think its over, something else happens and it just gets worse, I'm starting to believe life is just a an endless stream of living between bad events. 
I drove my car into a wall by accident last year and really damaged it and my reaction was just to laugh hysterically cos it didn't even come close to being a bad event in my life. 
The only reason I am still here is for my dog, as silly as that sounds. I no longer want to live my dreams, I gave up a long time ago. This makes me even sadder as I have worked so hard and given up so much to get where I am, and yet this prosecution has destroyed my confidence and life. 
Just needed to put my thoughts somewhere. I don't want to worry anyone. I told my doctor I had thought about hurting myself, thinking the whole world would come crashing down but it really didn't. He did all the doctor-y checks and made sure I had someone to talk to if I felt down. I told him I did, which was a lie, I don't want to burden anyone with this. I know what its like to be on the other end, when I was a teenager my bestfriend told me she was going to kill herself, I know what the weight of knowing peoples dark thoughts feels like. My family don't need anymore stress, the whole court case has been enough in itself and my mum is not in good health. 