I'm afraid if I don't get away from here I might kill my self
SORRY this all over the place and I'm on my mobile.


For the past few years I have had suicidal idealations. The main thing that stopped me from attempting was not wanting anyone I was close with to have to find me and hurting my best friend/ex. Recently the thoughts have become more frequent and I'm starting to feel like it's my only way out.

A little back story... for the past 3 years I was living with a friend/ex and his family. We had our issue but there was a lot of love and we genuinely cared about one another. In the beginning of November his mom decided that I needed to leave. Not having anywhere else to go and having spent all of my money prior to that (he didn't have a job at the time so I was paying for a lot) I was staying at air bnbs hostels in Miami trying to find a job. Finding a job was a lot harder than I anticipated and it started to take a serious toll on our relationship  (he was still living 4 hours away with his mom).  My family begged me to move back to MA promising me that I would have a place to live. I agreed since Miami was getting rough.

Me and my former friend/ex stopped talking right before I left for MA. He ghosted me and I haven't spoken to him in a little over a month. This has completely destroyed me. I can barely eat or sleep and I think about him constantly. I have reached out a few times but he won't respond and my heart is broken. On top of that when I came back to MA I was staying with my mom. Her living situation is not ideal she lives in her boyfriends moms basement with her boyfriend. They both are addicts and last week they got into a huge fist fight. Although I wasn't  involved or even home at the time of the fight her boyfriend kicked me out. I've been at my cousins house for the past week but I have to leave tomorrow. 

My mom wants to rent me a room in a hostel in a town near her. This is not a good town and I don't know anyone there nor do I have any other family I can stay with. I know it sounds dumb but I really need to get away from here. It makes me absolutely miserable and I can't think about actually having to stay here without wanting to commit suicide. I want to start my own life away from everyone. I need time by myself to heal and grow and no one seems to understand this. I so badly want to just get a plane ticket to Colorado and move there. Everyone thinks this a stupid idea because I have no family or living arrangements there. But technically I don't have any here either. If be renting a room with random strangers in a horrible part of town if I stay here I'm not sure how staying in hostels or even a homeless shelter in colorado could be any worse. 

I need to focus on myself it's the only way I'll ever get better and get over this relationship. Everyone thinks I'm dramatic but I know if I stay here that I will end up killing myself. I don't know what to do. I'm going to try and beg someone in my family to get me a ticket but if they don't I'm going to hit rock bottom. I can't get through the night without crying myself to sleep. I don't know what to do anymore.