College Student -- Desperately Need HelpLet me first say that I've reached out to the mental health services at my school, was diagnosed with something along the lines of "severe reactive depression," and was prescribed bupropion. I am not one to reach out for help; I take care of things myself, so for me to do that (and this) is incredibly uncharacteristic for me. The medication has done absolutely nothing and the counseling just pisses me off, so it seems that I'm back to trying to figure this out myself. Maybe someone has gone through something similar and may have some advice:

I am an incredibly busy and stressed student in my third year of college -- I came in as a very motivated freshman, and with that motivation managed to get incredibly good grades, be involved in student clubs related to my major, and in general be successful with everything I was doing. Back then I was willing to sacrifice so much; I would happily stay up for 2-3 days because I thought I was finally working towards something that mattered (my career). It did not take long to realize that my coursework is primarily a large heap of horse shit though. I was/am killing myself for things that do not matter to me, and please don't waste your time trying to convince me that it is worth something. I have had several internships in which I have been told by professionals in my field that what I learn in college will most likely be forgotten and never used. Yes, the courses force me to learn to manage time, teach yourself (because professors do not teach me jack fucking shit), and probably some other characteristics that I'm forgetting. Trust me, I have that shit under control.

So fast forward to the present: I am an over committed student who doesn't give a shit about anything that I am doing in college, and I've lost that motivation that used to keep me going. This has compounded and depression has set in hard. I can't look at my work without having a mental breakdown. I can't think straight and the simplest of tasks seem insurmountable. Yet I have to hide it from everyone around me in hopes of maintaining my reputation with my fucking professional network. I think about suicide more and more often, and at times become obsessed with figuring out the best way to do it (did I mention I'm a massive perfectionist?). It feels so incredible to try to figure it out -- it's a solution; it's a way to get away from this fucking college life. And I would've killed myself several times over if it wasn't the most selfish act possible (friends, family, girlfriend, etcetera). But shit, it would be so fucking relieving! But suicide is not an option unfortunately. So I am stuck here, with a massive amount of work, plummeting grades, very, very important deadlines and I can't even look at my textbook. I force myself to work in public places so that I don't break down again -- but suppression is never the answer is it? I don't know what the fuck to do. I've exhausted every solution I can think of -- to the point that I was given an antidepressant medication. But that doesn't change how much I hate what I'm doing at college. I need to figure out a way to be able to work without falling apart. Sorry for the length of the post; if you're still reading thank you.

TL;DR: I need to figure out a way to overcome my severe depression in order to complete my work -- counseling and antidepressants have had no effect