I started to think, yes dangerous as that isI started thinking after a friend's roommate mentioned that my friend was "such a nice guy" for driving me to an airport before he had to work in the morning. Now my friend is very popular, he is the only person who wished me a happy birthday this year besides my parents who sent the usual card, frequently drove me home from our school building, all sorts of nice things. 

What I started thinking was: What if all my friends or the people who are friendly acquaintances are just super nice people? What if the group of people I hang out with now who I didn't really know before from my high school just pity me because at nearly 30 I had lost most of my friendships? What if I just really suck, and spent my life thinking I was actually normal? What if I was invited to parties from random people in college because they felt sorry and knew I was just going to sit in my dorm by myself?

These questions are souring my entire mood on top of all that has happened recently. I went to a therapy group and the person in charge laid out to me that I escape reality via video games and I should stop playing games and fix my life. Yet my life is video games, I certainly don't have money as I am bumming at my parent's house. I have lost most of my social awareness. I now started seeing a therapist and they mentioned that I come across as intimidating since I talk calmly and low even when very upset. I have a high education background and use it when I speak because it is quite literally the only thing I have.

Yet I don't want anything. I think I am and have been wasting my life. I have tried over the past 7 years to kill myself all sorts of ways and if I ever get the 100% this is it again feeling I might actually succeed.

As it is Labor Day weekend in America I cannot get a hold of my therapist, doctor, or psychiatric person I saw before. I feel all alone. I just don't want to anymore. I used to be trying to follow or make a path but I've just stopped walking. It's led me to question my only real hobby, interest, and technically career if I had a job: video gaming. I've heard it all the time in entertainment and people I went to school with and people in the real world that high school ends. I just feel the only time I was alive was during those 4 years. It's like I haven't mentally gotten older and that's why I long for that time again.

Yeah, this was long. I have no where else to go. I don't know what to do. I've just been selling off my possessions on ebay.

Going to see an acupuncture person for my briefly mentioned physical health issues, if nothing resolves with that I'm done..