I think I need to check myself into a hospital. I need your guys' advice.4 weeks ago I got diagnosed with a major depressive disorder. It wasn't really news, I've known I've been depressed for years (approaching 3 1/2 years now). I got prescribed Zoloft, and I'm up to 75mg now. I've also been attending therapy sessions with a psychologist for about 6 weeks now. Its not working though. If anything over the last few months its just been getting worse and worse, and it feels like it's not even getting worse at a slower rate.

Over the last few years I've made a lot of changes to try to help. I went from 198 to 150, I started eating healthier, I changed majors to something that I both enjoy more and that has more career prospects, I transferred colleges since the first one wasn't working out, I joined a few clubs and have actually made a few friends, I even attended my first college party after 2 1/2 years of never being invited to anything. Now I've finally gone to get professional help, both psychologic and psychiatric.

And none of it has helped. If anything, its only gotten worse since I don't even have the hope that any more changes will help. The hope is gone. When I was a kid, I used to get Pneumonia a lot. I had it like 5 times before I was 3. I wish I'd have just died back then, I could have saved so much pain and my parents could have moved on, now I have a ton of other people to drag down with me.

The latest "I think I would be happy if..." thing has been getting in a relationship. I think I'm thinking this is the latest thing, since its one of the only changes I haven't yet made, and because I pretty genuinely hate myself (I've pretty much derived any self worth over the last few years from my GPA, I don't really believe in inherent self-worth). I'm almost 21 now and haven't ever been on a date, let alone received a non-platonic hug. Nobody ever expresses interest in me, I always have to initiate (thought I've found this is usually the case with my friends as well, if I don't initiate I'd never get invited to anything). I can't even watch porn anymore without feeling like shit. It's not like I can avoid all these people in relationships either by isolating myself since I still have classes to go to. It feels like all the changes I've made over the years have amounted to nothing.

I'm just so terribly lonely and miserable all the time. I haven't been able to cry in years, so I just self harm when I feel like crying. It's not the best release, and it feels like it has diminishing returns, since lately it doesn't give me the rush it used to, it just makes it a little easier to breath if that makes any sense. Besides, it beats drinking heavily like most 'normal' people my age do (though admitably I much prefer being drunk to not being drunk).

All my friends are out building up lives and resumes and careers. It feels like I've gotten left behind on the road of life. Everyone is dating, some are already married with people they love. I get PMs from one of my friends from high school asking me if I've started dating yet. I keep trying to explain to him that I'm trying but not having any luck. Whenever dating comes up, that's all I ever get "I'm sure you'll find someone eventually." Thing is, none of the "I'd might be happy if..." things before have obviously failed, but this is the only change left I can make, since professional and medical help has failed.

I don't enjoy anything anymore. Dota 2 and CSGO feel like chores, EU4 is too frustrating now. I've already played through all the RPGs I enjoy to the point of them being mechanical to play through. I don't enjoy running or hiking as much now, and its too cold to do them anyways this time of year. I don't have any shows I really enjoy. I've always wanted to learn to draw, I'm actually a huge fan of furry art, but I'm pretty bad and I'm a perfectionist, so practicing is so frustrating that I pretty much can't do it and get better.

Suicide has increasingly been looking like the only way things are going to get better. The logic I mean with "get better" is that zero is still larger than a negative number, so I'd be better off. I used to think "Ok, I'll wait until I turn 30, and then I'll kill myself if things haven't improved." However, as things have deteriorated, I've moved that up to 25. More recently, I've moved it up to after graduation (I'm thinking It could be my own graduation present to myself). I don't even know how I'm going to make it that far. Suicide feels inevitable at this point, like its something I have to do.

I don't buy the whole "it gets better" thing anymore. Its been over 3 years. It really doesn't in my experience. All the medical advice I've been given when the suicidal thoughts get really bad is to distract myself. I don't understand to what end though? Like, if I don't kill myself now, then what? I get to continue hurting tomorrow? The only end this seems to lead to is "why kill yourself now when you can just keep hurting tomorrow ad infinitum?" I don't see the appeal in it. I think once I do it, I'll go out to a nice secluded part of one of my local national parks I like and shoot myself in the head really late at night. Nobody would notice I'm gone, possibly for a few weeks, nobody would hear a thing, I might not even be found. My body can feed some scavengers, I don't have to hurt anymore, people who love me don't have to see me hurt anymore, everyone wins. I've been dead inside for years, its just taking the rest of me a while to catch up. Of course, this is still likely a few years away, so I'm probably not at immediate risk of killing myself.

So thats where I'm standing. It's 3AM right now and I can't sleep anymore because I went to bed at 7 last night because I was out of energy and feeling suicidal again. The Zoloft just gives me headaches, makes me hungry, and gives me constipation. Nothing has helped, and I don't think I can get better anymore.

I have another therapy session with my psychologist later this afternoon. I don't know what to do anymore or what more I could tell him at this point. What should I do?
