What is Life?Did I ever think anything would be this fucked up? Hell no. But here I am. I'm a stalker, a night owl, a creep, and much more. I can't tell you how many times I've driven by her house wondering what she was doing. Wondering if she was thinking of me, or if she was fucking some new guy. Wondering if she would ever text back or if she blocked me for good. I'll never know. 

I've been obsessed with her for seven years. Ever since I laid eyes on her, I can't get her out of my head. I used to dream of being with her and being able to call her my own, but that day will never come. She's always "busy", "tired", or "unavailable". Same old excuses and I know it's because she's sick of me. Tired of me bugging her, tired of my shitty jokes, my terrible flirting... 

What more can I say. I'm just some stupid guy that thinks she's cute, right? Wrong. I know everything about her. We used to talk about our lives every day and help each other. I used to think she actually cared about me and that maybe I had a chance, but boy was I wrong. I never realized she was way out of my league until it was too late. I spent all of high school trying to be with her and I never got my chance. 
	
My entire "youth" is being ruined by thoughts of loss and hatred for other people, including her. I hate my parents, I hate my siblings, shit, I even hate my friends. Backstabbing bastards. I wish I could end myself without any regrets here on earth. I hope that one day I can do just that. When everyone who "cares" about me finally forget about me, I'll make my move. I want to overdose on heroin in a one bedroom apartment where nobody will find me for weeks. I don't want anyone to worry, I don't want anyone to wonder "where is he today?". I just want to be alone with my mind so I can go in peace. 

I've already thought of the song I'll go out to. Probably something like "Creep" by Radiohead. Something that reminds me of who I am: a worthless fucking creep. I've not even experienced other drugs. I can't wait to try molly, acid, and other hallucinogens. I want to be out of my mind before I go. I thought about deleting everything, including Facebook, Instagram. Twitter, email, snapchat, etc. I even thought about not responding to texts anymore unless they say "why are you doing this?". What will I respond? I'll say, 

"I'm doing this for myself, and nobdoy else. Go on with your life. Be happy without me. That shouldn't be too hard, right?"

I want it to be over.