I'm terrified of my own self.I've lost the man I love because of my depression. And it was mostly because our relationship had become one sided.  He was becoming unhappy trying to support me. Because I live in an environment conducive to depression: graduate school in a town where I have no friends. I only had enough strength to keep my own demons at bay. I had nothing left to give him. I failed him. And I feel like I am only a burden to the people I love.  That all I will do is drag them down with me on my slowly,  but inevitably sinking ship. I'm so tired of fighting. And tonight my brain finally found the argument that could kill me. Because I lost my sister, a long time ago, I know what it is to lose someone you love. And the only thing that kept me from ever crossing the line of thinking about suicide to actually doing it was that I didn't want to put the people who love me through that. But I realized - yes, I still miss her and I always remember her, but that pain eventually fades. You find a way to continue.  So why wouldn't it be the same for them? It would hurt at first. But with time, I would only become a memory. I'm tired of hearing that my pain is overreacting or over dramatic. They aren't in my head.  They don't know how I feel.  They don't know how hard it is to fight against yourself. I go on through months or even years feeling miserable, just to feel a brief happiness. But that happiness always ends. So what's the point? This isn't living. This could barely even be considered surviving. And I'm just not strong enough anymore. I'm quickly running out of reasons to keep going. Because "things will get better" and "just change your perspective" and "you're just overreacting" just doesn't work anymore. Right now I see three choices before me: end it all, quit grad school and check in to a psychological hospital because I am honestly a danger to myself, or try to find a therapist willing to do pro bono because I can't afford therapy. Right now, the first option is most persuasive. I'm ready to give up.  