Permament solutionI was born almost 19 years ago. On Apgar score I had almost none. My mom cried a lot. She got to see me after a couple of weeks. They told her my brain was damaged but they couldn't diagnose how. They said I would be delayed if not retarded but at least alive.
My mom and dad did everything to make sure I developed well. I did a nice job and turned out to be an average kid. I think.
I have this feeling like I've never been happy. I was always an anxious and neurotic person. I worried about everything. When I entered my early teens I suffered a lot of bad breakdowns. I would cry and cry and cry for no reason. I was lonely, had social anxiety and thought I'd never make it in life. I spent my time on the internet. There wasn't any connection to the real world. I didn't care how it worked. I was comfortable around my internet friends.
After some time - mid teens I met my first boyfriend. It was at a Christian camp organised by our church. Our parents have been friends for years then but we only met twice before the camp. He was the opposite of me. I was shy and he was this guy that everyone loved for his wit. We met because I showed him some memes and he finally found a person who understood him. 
We've been dating for 1,5 years. Up till last month.
We had many arguments, misunderstandings and bad times but besides that we loved eachother. He was my first in many ways. Especially my first happy time. I've never felt so nice in my life. I didn't know a person could feel genuinely happy. That it doesn't have to be forced. I thought he would propose someday and that I could share my future with him.
And then he says he doesn't feel anything for me anymore.
Ouch.
I haven't been the same person for the last 3 weeks. I constantly have to be around people. Especially my parents. I get really lonely when I'm by myself. I don't eat, I don't sleep, I cry way too much. I have no energy to do things. I went back to my previous self. The one who didn't know what happiness is. I'm afraid it's just how I am. That depression is who I am. I have considered suicide for the past month. Every night I can't sleep thinking about him. I want to be a strong person. I don't want to hurt him. I'm impulsive and words just slip out of my mouth. I text compulsive messages. I want to stop but I don't know what to do. 
I've always felt suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary problem. But depression has never been temporary. It always comes back. I can't live like that. 
I got pills prescribed. They don't help. I feel pissed at myself and my body for not absorbing them properly. I could die any moment and I wouldn't care. I just don't want to suffer anymore. Last 7 years were especially hard. It's gotten better and then suddenly went back to how it was during the worst times. I don't cope. I don't know how at this point. I have no support. I feel like only solution would be to just end it. 