Fuck this bullshit lifeThis is just a shit rant from a shit person if you want to help me I would love that 

At a wedding you’re supposed to be happy but I’m just sitting here holding back tears. I ruin fucking everything the love of my life left me because I was such a piece of shit bf and I didn’t even realize it until it was all done. I didn’t even fucking graduate high school because senior year I was so depressed I just stopped going. Now I’m 20 and I thought I found the right thing for me, the army. I always dreaded the idea of a typical office job and I thought the army would be perfect for me even if it is hell and they treat you like ass at least you have some sort of purpose and motivation to truck on. But ofc I fucked that all up too failed my drug test and my recruiter told me not to worry if I fail because I’ll just be able to take it again In 3 months. He knew I would fail, I took a drug test the day before Meps and failed it. He assured me all would be well because I could just take it again in 3 months!! So I went to meps everything went well and I had so much motivation after it. So excited to be in the fucking us army I was going to the gym and running almost every day trying my best to get in shape. My recruiter got me back into high school which I’ll be done with in January since I was only missing 7 classes. Then I get the call come to the office we gotta talk guess what u failed the drug test and well I know I told u that u could just take it again but uhhh well stuff changes so according to army standards you are ineligible to join. But oh don’t worry the army needs to make mission so they’ll probably let you in after a couple months. Well after that I just completely lost all motivation and all the depression I was dealing with previous to this all came flooding back down onto me. My mom keeps telling everyone how I joined the army I ship out to basic soon blah blah we’re all so proud of you and I just go along with it. It’s not fucking true I can’t even be in the army anymore. I put up this stupid facade but once my ship date comes everyone will realize what a fuckup worthless person I am. I wish I could talk to my dad but he’s practically paralyzed from a motorcycle accident that happened in 2013. You’d think he would have been able to recover by now but he’s actually only gotten worse in and out of comas unable to talk with a fucking breathing tube down his throat. He was my best friend and my role model and as terrible as it sounds I feel like I’ve already lost him. I’m only fucking 20 I don’t know how to handle all of this I wish I killed myself in 2015 like I planned to. Hate life but I hate myself even more. If I’m not feeling much better in a week or two I’ll most likely just jump off that bridge I planned to years ago . If u read this far I don’t know what to say. Thanks for reading the struggle of some random person :) 