Backup plan [Wall of Text][Non-immediate]I'm half writing this to clarify my own thoughts to myself and half to see if anyone points out stuff I haven't thought of. I figured this didn't quite belong in /offmychest/ but it feels like that sort of post. I'm not going to do anything immediately so you might want to spend your time helping the more serious cases around here. Also I am surprised how much I rambled on, skip to the bottom if you want.

Background  
Final year at a top university, have watched the pressure break quite a few friends in various ways over the years. Felt pretty depressed at certain points throughout the year but never bothered to see anyone about it, I've always managed to get through without help before and there's apparently a massive waiting list anyway, unsurprising. Previous years were generally ok, I've been hovering around the 2:1/2:2 grade boundary and increasing a bit, though it doesn't seem proportional to the massive amount of extra effort I put in each year. Still it's been good enough, comparable work:life balance to most people who are on a similar grade. This year was always going to be the hardest as on top of more difficult courses there's an individual project which eats lots of time when you're not doing other work. I was reasonably prepared for that and always opted for work when I needed to, and in retrospect a lot of times when I didn't need to but was feeling guilty for no real reason. Social life took a complete dive. Rationalised it all away as 'must get 2:1 at all costs', and it kind of worked as I've managed a high 70s average this year.

For reference, a first is seen as excellent, 2:1 is good, a 2:2 is bad. There is a definite line in the sand between a 2:1 and a 2:2 and employers (certainly good ones) require a minimum 2:1, though a 2:1 from an elite university is often valued more than a first from others. I'd be completely satisfied with a 2:1 and utterly destroyed with a 2:2. Ultimately I don't feel I've achieved a great deal outside of academia, which I'm ok with as long as I've done as well as I possibly could in that. If I got a 2:2 I would feel like I've essentially wasted all this time and effort, I could have just as well gone to a 'merely' good university and got a 2:1/first with less effort and had a hell of a lot more fun AND better prospects. I would never have done that because I rarely let myself take the less challenging option for anything, much less the biggest decision in my life at that point, but that doesn't help me in hindsight.

I am aware this all comes of as horribly elitist, and I don't mean it that way, this is me holding myself to my standards, it's not a pissing contest. I'm sure a lot of my peers would be crushed if they didn't get a first but that doesn't affect where I am and I don't resent them for it. Well, perhaps a little but I would act the same given their position.

So, more recent situation. When studying for this final massive exam period what was mostly mild anxiety and depression took a massive swing for the worse. Sometimes I was ok, but there were days where complete apathy/numbness struck hard. I'd just sit there, knowing I should be getting stuff done but completely unable to care enough/motivate myself to not just stare blankly, sometimes I didn't get out of bed and I didn't really feel like eating. This is probably a fault of my 'throw absolutely everything you have at the problem to the detriment of everything else' approach, which doesn't really scale. Some days were fine for a bit, then on finding something tricky I'd have a panic attack, thinking "Oh damn I can't do this", hyperventilating, generally completely derailing anything productive for a while. Afterwards I'd feel stupid and like I'd wasted yet more precious time, which didn't help and only served to make me less productive. I was aware of how irrational I was being at the time, but that didn't really help. I finally decided this was now serious enough to warrant telling my university about, and therefore getting some sort of diagnosis from a doctor. Soldiering through worked fine earlier, but this was now becoming a significant disadvantage and it wouldn't be fair on myself to not acknowledge it. 

I made an appointment with a doctor and sure enough got diagnosed with moderate-severe depression. I didn't want anything to do with anti-depressants in case they made the exam situation *worse* and that would be just about the most counter-productive thing possible, but that's what was suggested. I tried to make clear that all I wanted was some acknowledgement for some forms but he was pretty insistent on 2 weeks of drugs first. Also I'd only gone to that clinic as it was close to my parents, he was not my registered doctor. He wanted me to transfer and visit him, again not really an option while I have exams, so I thanked him and said I'd see my registered one instead. Now exams are looming, I'm planning to go to my registered doctor and get rediagnosed but emphasise my reasons against anti-depressants for the moment, I essentially just want to prove that I'm not making stuff up. If that doesn't work I guess I'll explain to a university person, but I'm hesitant if I don't have any doctor stuff.

So, I'm completely fucking petrified that I'm going to get a 2:2 with no recourse, I'd feel like a complete failure and don't want to live the constant feeling that I've failed myself at the most important point. Even being offered post-summer exam resits or time to somehow improve my project is becoming pretty dreadful at this point. I've only gotten this far by constantly reminding myself how close the end is and have some great 'I'm getting as far away from this place as I can' stuff planned for afterwards. The thought of missing out on that AND the finish line being moved another length out of reach doesn't really feel any better than failing at this point. There's always the possibility of my grade being brought up if it's borderline, but I'm pretty sure that's based largely on your project and I can't see that being helpful at this point. I won't go into that too much as this is already way too long, but I have a massive amount of hatred and disdain for that project. I didn't get the one I really wanted but this one seemed interesting at first and there seemed to be precedent for it working, but after research and some attempts the whole concept is stupid.

Anyway, **finally** reaching the point at hand, it's a bit odd but when I think about failing, I think about just throwing myself off somewhere high and that'll be the end of it. No more worry, I'll just end it and that'll be that. It's oddly soothing, as it sort of replaces a good:terrible outcome with a good:neutral one. I don't really want to die, and I know it's not really a rational decision, but that doesn't really help in this case as it's a fundamentally emotional decision. Even being flippant about it to my friends makes me feel more relaxed. It would be unfair on my mother, who's been extremeley supportive where she could but not really able to be help more than offering advice of 'don't push yourself so hard' or pointing out mistakes I can see myself doing but not do much about. But come results time I'm either going to be pretty happy, or I'm going to die, and that makes me feel a lot better than I have for a while.