I'm going crazy with OCD and a possible concussion... just hopelessFirst of all, I'm not a native English speaker, so sorry for any grammar mistakes.

Ok, so I'm pretty young (a teenager) and since I was a child I have to deal with OCD (especially germophobia, fear of poisoning and obssession with even numbers). Even though it limited my life and enjoyment, I still could more or less do my normal activities. Oh, I also was pretty anxious, and by that I mean REALLY anxious.

I was really intelligent before. However, early this year, someone hit my head at a birthday party (it was not an accident, but also not exactly a fight). I felt kinda confused at the moment and had a local headache. However, it persisted for a few more days, along with mental fog. But I didn't want to believe it was serious, to the point I even shaked my head when the pain returned (extremelly stupid, I know). After looking up Google to see what could it be, I was sure it was a concussion. I remember feeling a sudden interse pain in my head after I wrote an essay.

Basically, I didn't have much rest from school, because I had LOTS of things to do, even during my "vacations". My memory is now shitty, I can't even exercise or martubate because I feel pressure in my head, cannot enjoy games, movies, shows, music with headphones etc. Can't read a book. I feel extreme light and sound senbility. And I'm forced to watch on-line classes, which makes me even worse. I cannot focus on anything, and these intrusive thoughts are driving me crazy. EVERYTHING I liked to do became a nightmare. Hell, I can't follow a conversation perfectly anymore. And I'm always sleepy. My anxiety is making everything worse, and I am always thinking about brain damage.
 
After some months, I went to a neurologist and did a CT Scan (internet says concussions wouldn't show up and that my braces could affect it) and he said I was fine. He gave me some injections and an anti-epileptic, which I'm not taking because I fear it will make me worse.
My parents think I am making up everything (why would I?). They say I'm mental disabled because of the OCD and call me autistic, bipolar, schizophrenic and every mental disorder they know, making me argue with them everyday. Other people think I'm just stressed.

Now I'm pretty much depressed and thinking about suicide :( I just don't wanna live a life with brain damage. Please, help me. Where should I even start?