My reason to try might be goneThis will be a long one so hold on. I am 18, can't afford a drivers license, can't find a job, am probably not getting into college this year, and may be losing the last thing in life I found worth it.

My family is lower income. I lost all but my grandfather when it comes to grandparents, my father has been on disability for a few years and already suffered heart attacks before. My mother is losing her job in November because her office manager dropped the ball at work. My sister hates where we live and wants to move, yet I am very afraid of change. My family seems to just be falling apart. 

I graduated last year, and my school/the website I have to use because of the state to get into college didn't send all the right paperwork so I will probably have to wait to get into college if I can ever even afford it.

Nothing; work, hobbies, entertainment, etc; make me feel life is worth it. The only thing that does is this girl I love. She is now that high school has ended literally my only friend, yet she is leaving for college tomorrow. She is dating an abusive jerk who hates me and today seemed to want to distance herself from me. She wouldn't answer my calls and it seemed like she told her sisters she was going to ghost me.

Life never seems worth it. I am too afraid to die, yet too afraid to live. Every little thing sends me into a paranoid frenzy and I can barely function. 

I have no conviction left to live and no one left to turn to. I get professional help, but this is the second person I have tried and it still only helps barely. If this girl leaves my life, I know for a fact I won't be able to pull myself out of the depression it will cause.

Sorry if this is all a waste of time because next Saturday I will get my first chance to call her and if she is staying in my life I will be able to go on, but if she doesn't I don't think I will be able to. I know that is unhealthy but nothing else I have tried to give me a will to live has worked. My only goal in life was to succeed for her, not myself.

Other girls always turn me away. I have only ever had one other girlfriend than this person and she abused me emotionally, physically, and verbally.

I am running out of options and could use some help. Thank you and sorry for the long post. 