Tomorrow is my thesis due and I'm not feeling like even trying anymore.I've been depressed for years and even tho I have been fighting with this and being the most positive person I can... I just don't feel it anymore. I feel tired. I feel defeated. And the people around me, see my anxiety as a joke. So... I don't know? I just need to do few more things and send the final draft of my thesis but I just can't be more positive about my life. I feel that even if I graduate it's gonna be another trainwreck some time soon. And I'm tired. A friend tried to cheer me up but even if I'm grateful to her, I just don't feel like living anymore. I'm really tired. I just wish I could end myself quickly. 

I know that posting this won't change anything. But I guess I need to let it out. This pain just doesn't go away and even if I try to be the sweet person I know I can be, I just feel pain. And I'm tired. I just hoped some people stopped saying I want to be like this cause I really don't. I really wanted to be okay but it seems that the feel of never being enough is here to stay. I feel like a failed so many things in life and that I just ended up being this asocial sad person who can't control anything in her life. And I'm tired of that feeling. I'm really tired about it. It seems like my head is always against me.

I know myself and I know I'll keep trying all night to end this shitty last work, yet for the first time I feel like it's more probably to do something stupid. I just don't know. It hurt so much and I'm tired. I'm really tired. And I'm exhausted of people making a joke of me for being too sensitive, for not smiling as much they want me to, for just being tired all the time. I'm really tired. I just keep thinking about my mother looking at me holding a knife at 13, when I've been depressed for years and she only said "what people would think?" and then made everything about herself. 

I really asked for help and now that I'm 25 I just keep feeling more and more miserable. People only see me as some useless person who can't work like normal people do. And I really can't. But when I tell them, they see me as someone who wants to be like this. Who would want to be like this?

I just want to end it. I can't keep doing this. I just want to end it.