I'm afraid that I may one day break and kill myself.I have been struggling with depression for almost 2 years now. It has been up and down, with one suicide attempt (which I strongly regret) when I was 16. I am now 17 years old and feel as if my mental health has never been worse.

&amp;#x200B;

About a month ago my father passed away, and the last time I spoke to him, I clarified that I did not want him in my life anymore. That was one month before he passed. I feel such unbelievable amounts of guilt due to this. I can be having a very good day, but once the thought of this pops into my head, I feel like breaking down on the spot. I feel as if he may be here today if I were to have tried harder with him. About one week later, my 8 year old sister is diagnosed with a tumor in the center of her head, somewhere near her eye. We have no clue whether it is cancerous or not, but it has brought the mood of my entire family down significantly, as we are unsure of whether it is cancerous or not. Both of these, along with many self confidence issues (such as cystic and hormonal acne, post inflammation, not doing well in school whatsoever, as well as supposed anorexia) have brought my mood so low that I very often have thoughts of killing myself. The thought of suicide is a daily occurrence to me. I used to see counseling, but I stopped, because I felt as if I was wasting the counselor's time. Honestly, every time I look in the mirror I debate whether I would be better off not being here. As much as this would break my entire family, this thought no longer keeps me going. I feel incredibly selfish for this, but I'm very afraid that one of these days I'm going to hurt myself. I love my family to death, but I hate myself to the point where I do not want to live anymore. The only thing that has been keeping me going is my family, and this effect is slowly wearing off. Every time I look at my wrists, or in the mirror, I feel a sinking feeling inside of my body. I hate it. I don't want to do this anymore. I'm scared that I am just being dramatic, but I honestly can't control these suicidal tendencies that have been recently flaring up. I'm scared to see a counselor because I have no clue what I would tell him. I genuinely just hate everything about myself, and feel as if I am doing nobody any good being here.