One of my only "friends" just told me how she really feels about me, and it's confirming everything I ever thought about myself. I want to die.Throwaway account for obvious reasons. Sorry if any of this is long or disorganized, I'm coming out of a mental break and trying to calm down enough to write. I don't know where else to go for help.

I am a 20F college student living in an on-campus apartment with roommates, one of whom I've known for a while and care about a lot. We'd hang out sometimes and we ran a Minecraft server together, and I considered her my friend, and until now I thought she considered me the same way. She suffers from anxiety and depression like me, so I always tried to be a friend and be there for her, but I am socially inept and I mess up sometimes. This time was no exception.

We had a big blowup on Thursday over text. We've fought before and we usually make up afterwards and move on, but this time I was so anxious about it that it kept me up ruminating last night, so I texted her in the morning apologizing for making a big deal out of things, saying that I thought we both might be overreacting from having a stressful start to the school year and I didn't want to place any more stress on her, asking what she wanted from me and how I could make her happy and end the fight.

In response I got a two-page manifesto from her about how she doesn't want anything to do with me (direct quote: "I don't want anything from you") and doesn't need me to be happy, blames me for not saying anything sooner "like you always do," thinks what I said over text was insensitive and sexist for saying she might have been overreacting, etc. and basically, reading between the lines, I can tell she's been sitting on this for a long time and has been waiting to find an excuse to tell me how she *really* feels about me. Which is that she hates me.

All my life I've always feared that the people in my life secretly hate me, but actually getting that confirmed in words feels like a fucking knife to the chest. It felt like I had thought she was my friend all this time, when in reality she was just putting up with me and talking about me behind my back and composing a detailed list of all the reasons I'm a shit person who doesn't deserve to live. It hurt so bad to read all of these carefully written reasons why she hated me and wanted me to stop bothering everybody and just shut the fuck up and go away. Like she could hear the demons in my head who said the exact same things. Maybe I shouldn't have read it but I figured she was my friend and knew what depression was like and would never say things like this that she must have known would make me want to kill myself. I was so wrong for thinking she cared about me the same way I cared about her.

When I read the text, I felt numb. Not sad, not angry, just numb. All I could think of to send back was, "I understand how you feel now. Sorry for bothering you." And after that, something snapped. I had been depressed, lonely and having suicidal fantasies for a while up to this point, but now, completely out of the blue, I had a mental break and began planning my suicide, which had been festering in the back of my brain for a long time but this finally triggered it. I researched what pills to take, how to take care of my affairs, drafted a will and an obituary. I finally realized what I was doing halfway through writing the note on my phone. I snapped out of it and panicked, dropped the phone, and took a shower to distract myself. I packed up my important belongings and fled back to my parents' home (they are traveling right now and didn't mind me "watching the house"), and now I am here and I can't stop hating myself and crying and trying not to break down like that again.

It feels like this confirms that my "friends" don't actually like me and are just putting up with me. I feel like everyone in my life feels the same way she does. Like no one actually cares but they just pretend like they do so it doesn't hurt my feelings, until I say or do something that pushes them over the edge and they let it all out at me. I feel so rejected and alone and it *hurts.* I can't bring myself to go back or do anything except cry. I keep wondering if everyone hates me but they're just too afraid to say so.

Someone please give me a kind word, I just need one person to care. I feel like human garbage and I want to die so I don't bother anybody anymore.