I'm just dying to know what is actually worth living for.This is the throwaway post that gives a basic rundown of the situation I'm in:
https://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/4ee2y5/throwaway_i_am_worthless_i_wasnt_meant_to_be_born/

With that stuff in mind, I have been consistently suicidal for a year or two now. And to be honest, if I died two years ago, I wouldn't have missed much. Yeah I may have had a few girls and some accomplishments, but they are outweighed by what's wrong. I couldn't enjoy them and they were sort of esteem dropping and stuff. 

I'm pretty dead inside right now and I want to know what's worth going through this shitty life for if it's just going to be agonizing and self destructive. My parents fucked me up so bad. I'm not doing well and will continue to not do well in school, fail to meet my goal of going to Michigan Tech and eventually just fail to become the person I want to be, since that requires the prerequisite of being happy. If I do live past whatever college is, I'm probably going to be stuck at a minimum wage job living in sort of poverty, with nobody that actually cares or wants me or needs me here. 

I'm going to be stuck doing the same thing for the next Fifty years and then I die. Either way I'm going to still be fucked up and wishing I were rather dead. At that point I don't really see a point in living if I'm just going to be waiting for it. I don't think I can just "live life" because everything that I do or experience has to be negative because of my fucking "training." I can't actually be happy with myself or happy with life, since it's like there really is nothing that makes me want to be alive that's worth years of waiting and years of pain. 

I just want it all to end. The only reason I haven't already killed myself is because I'm waiting to see if I'm elected president in my robotics team. But I would probably die even if I did become president. 

So tell me this: what is exactly - exactly - worth living for that's desirable above all the pain and suffering? I know love isn't since it always turns into harm. I know kids aren't because I could never bear the burden of bringing them into this fucked up world. So what is it?