I dont know anymoreI don't know how much I have the energy to write plus I won't probs care abt grammar that much rn so I am sorry for this mess.

I have been mildly derpressed my whole childhood, I have always been masculine which I have been bullied about at school and home. Things got worse around sixth grade (abt 12yo) when I stopped getting any "entertainment" from my usual things like playing and school and tv etc. Around this time I also realized I was fat and started to struggle with weight management. I started to lose weight "very unhealthily" basicallt eating almost nothing. And I got to a weight where I'm now able to hide my slight chubbyness with clothes.

This all went unnoticed by my family since my sister started cutting and being suicidal and I didnt want to add to that. 

Fastforward to eight grade(14-15yo) I started to struggle with anxiety and my depression gpt a bit worse. During ninth grade anxiety gpt even worse and depression with that. 

16yo I didnt have anxiety issues anymore but my depression got alot worse, quickly. During this time I was also manipulated by a "friend" who at the end ended up forcing me to some sexual stuff. Thia destroyes me completely. I started smoking and walking on roads wishing that a car would hit me or walking on train tracks etc. I started having some self harming tendensies. Summer came so things easiet up coz I got away from the person who manipulated etc me. At this time my depression was at its worse

I changed schools during the summer coz I couldnt go back to my old school because of this person. Around this time my dpression was abt the same as earlier but i managed it better and didnt do selfharm stuff. 

Now school started around 3months ago. I have not gotten any better and for abt 3weeks it has started getting rly bad again. I keep fantasizing dying but rn im at that point that I wont do it coz I dont want to hurt my family. Kind pf waiting for my self to stop being a pussy so I dont need to suffer anymore. 

The thing is that I havent rly told anyone how bad it is because I cant, its completely against my personality and I just cant. Plus I dont want to cause negativitt to my friends etc life.

Also around 14-15yo i was hopeful like "oh but it wiöö get better", i still try to force myself to think that but im definitely losing hope, Things have just gotten worse during the last 5years and I dont know how long I'll be able to not break and honestly this even scares me a bit.

I dont even know the point of this post but i needed to tell someone and I thought that maybe itll feel better after writing (+i cant write to my friends etc)


But like I said im just really, really done. I have been so depressed these last three weeks and the only time i didnt feel completely shit was when I was drinking but I'm starting to have problems with that too(+basically starting to have some unhealthy "habits"). I dont see any hope in the future and I just dont want to live anymore. I cant do anything, I dont remember anything (i feel like I keep dissociating all the time or something like that idk, but I cant remember even the whole day without rly having to think abt it and maybe even but the either). I cant sleep, but im always tired so I just lay in bed. I cant eat because it makes me wanna throwup and just the thought of eating is causing an uneasy feeling in my stomach. I cant study but I keep going to classes so my parents dont notice my illness (i dont live with them but they got notified since im under 18 if i dont go to class). Basically I cant rly do anything and I just keep feeling worse and crying all the time.

Thanks for reading if someone did (also I wrote this also because if i get worse and end up taking mylife(not planning rn) maybe my family will find this from my phone and understand a bit)

I guess I just need some encouragement or something to keep living idk, please something positive.

(New to reddit so if this breaks rules or something and is in wrong sub or something, just delete idk)

Ty💕

