I wanna end it all but I'm too scared. This is a throwaway account.

To preface I am 17 years old. So I am a junior in high school.

With suicide you gain nothing but lose everything. That's what I keep telling myself because I can't get these thoughts out of my head. Every night before I got to sleep I just think about how much better it would all be if I were dead. The reasons why come mostly from school. I run a YouTube channel, I loved it so much and was able to amass over 50k subscribers, something I thought would never be possible, but then kids at school caught wind of it.

I play Minecraft and a lot of Nintendo games. So naturally a lot of kids at my school made fun of me for it and tormented me. YouTube was the one thing in life that I could use to escape this shitty world, and now it was taken away from me. I hate doing YouTube now as kids would pull up my videos in class and put them on full blast. It was embarrassing, I'd put on a fake smile but as soon as I got home I'd cry. That was until one day someone pushed me, I had enough and punched him in the jaw. I ended up getting expelled for around a week. My parents were on my side and were supportive of me.

That was also the same week my girlfriend was in the hospital. She had respiratory problems, so she was in and out of the hospital a lot. Her lung function was extremely low so she was rushed to the hospital. I ended up spending that entire week by her side, barely leaving that room, sitting in that chair while only her parents visited sporadically, before leaving after 30 minutes. My girlfriend told me she was grateful for me, that I would stick by her side like this. My girlfriend was always there for me, listened to me cry time and time again after coming home from school. She was the love of my life, people say 17 year olds can't "love" yet, but I knew this girl for years. However that Friday morning she passed away in her sleep. I was the only one there when she died. Her last words to me were, "I love you" before falling asleep. It makes me teary eyed just reliving that memory. She was the one thing keeping me from killing myself.

Its been almost a month since she's been gone. I would just sit on my bed while holding the pillow she gave me for our anniversary. I would just cry all day and just get so exhausted before falling asleep. I tried doing YouTube again as a means of escape but I couldn't do it anymore. I would just think too much about the bullying at school for it to not be worth it. My parents tried to help me and get me out of the house, I know they're trying to help and be there for me but I just can't force myself to do anything.

Like a few days ago, I went to go take my road test and failed hard. I knew even before that I would, I wasn't motivated. I can't motivate myself no matter how hard I try. I wanted to pass but I was just too numb.

I pushed all my friends and family away, now I regret that. I don't know if I can come back from this, it feels I have no one to talk to and I can only blame myself for that. I feel so god damn lonely and vulnerable all the time. I know I don't want to kill myself as everyone says there's light at the end of the tunnel, but its been what seems like forever and there's no signs of hope. I can't stop thinking about, if you're dead you won't have to deal with anyone anymore and I can be with her again. I don't believe in that stuff buts it the wishful thinking, to me it's something that puts a smile on my face. I'm scared to kill myself, but each day it gets worse and worse.