Hey guys, no immediate danger atm... just listen?Hi guys,  I have been an avid redditor for 2+ running and great years, and i have seen this and many other subs grow to an astounding fellowship.. I just wanted to put my little voice out there for the leafs to hear.

For some reason unbeknown to myself.. I have been feeling, nay imagining the impulse and immediate action surmising my own death.  Be it riding down a country road on my motorcycle and veering into oncoming traffic or just doing something that would be immediately fatal.

I'm not sure why I am having these "impulses" as I have a reasonably great life.  I am the proud father of my second baby girl (eldest turns 4 later this month) and have a loving wife that puts up with far too much of my shit, something anyone would hope for. I have a "stable" military job and have never seen a deployment even though I have almost 4 years in (navy) so I have pretty much lucked out.

I have the tried and true credit card debt, nothing crushing though we have lived check-to-check more than I would like and its nothing a good budget wouldnt fix if i could ever stick with it.

I already know i drink too much to be healthy, lord knows my wife dosnt like it but it isnt exactly tearing the family apart, it's more like an annoyance she deals with but im no hardcore wakeup and need a drink type guy.

im just, shit i dunno.. seem to be a bit overly fatalistic here recently.  damn near lost any "faith" in God thanks to science/ect..  so even though i still turn to it here &amp; there, it's kinda with an apathetic thought in the back of my mind.

i just dont know.   I dont seem to be depressed, hell im chipper most of the time.

I just don't know whats going on.

Ideas? Help?

One of the mantras i have maintained is that if my wife &amp; children ever died all at the same time (car crash ect..) is that i would just loose it and grab my gun &amp; go to town on all the assholes i could find at work ect..  hopefully that idea never comes to fruition, but it wouldnt be a bad thing in my mind.

aside from that its just these damn thoughts, nearly daydreams of just giving into the impusle to stop... all of it.

im at a loss to explain it, but im sure i can hold on.  just wanted your opinion SW.  

- Thanks