My thoughts on my life before it's over.I'm writing this to say I am very tired and that I feel that all this effort is basically for nothing. I have decided that, with the circumstances I prefer to stay private, as well as my personal mental issues mostly caused by being a shut in without choice for most of my childhood, and the perception that my future is bleak and meaningless, living is not the best course of action for me and that there is no hope.
Life is not worth living to me anymore. I have no ability to socialize with other people and fail to make friends and end up lonely. I also seemingly have no drive or interest in anything in life which further compounds the issue of being unable to socialize or make friends and live a normal life with personal interests and goals with which to not only enjoy, but to share with others. I live in a constant state of guilt where I feel as though if I share my problems or emotions with anyone no matter how close they may be, then I destroy that relationship by burdening them with my problems and drive them away from me.
I am, and have always felt, that I am stupid, unable to focus, or remember simple things and am always placed at fault for it either by others or by myself. I fail at almost every task I attempt and never improve no matter how hard I try. More often than not, most people will try and take over the task I am trying to do because I am too incompetent to do it myself. This leads me to the conclusion that I cannot pursue any career or ambition properly and expect to succeed. Despite being 24, I feel like a stupid kid who has terrible decision making abilities and more often than not, cannot make a proper decision for myself or seemingly make the wrong decision every time.
I feel as though I have an excessive amount of personal mental problems and/or twisted lines of thinking that, while I know to be wrong sometimes, I can't seem to change no matter how hard I try and I HATE myself for it. I am constantly paranoid of my friends or loved ones not actually liking me or wanting to be around me and I am almost always depressed or anxious but have to force a smile, joke, and laugh lest I drive people away with a frown for being a "downer" on top of being an uninteresting person by default. I am completely unable to accept compliments or trust the words of other people without doubting them; most especially from people who say they care about me. I am deathly afraid of these aspects and feel entirely lost and alone on how to properly deal with these negative emotions or mental problems. I fear that I do not have the time, means, or money to seek professional help without causing detriment to what little money I have or earn.
I do not, in any way, feel that I can lead a normal, happy life. It feels like nobody truly likes me or wants to be around me and that's my fault for being uninteresting and being unable to socialize. I feel like more often than not, people tell me niceties and compliments to me just to make me feel better and would never truly be honest with me in order to help me. I have no real future nor do I feel like I have much point in pursuing one. I feel as though I'm constantly struggling and fighting just to make it to another day where I'm struggling and fighting for nothing. 
I truly feel that ending my life is the best choice I have for not only myself, but for others as well.