Just trying to come to terms with it allI have been fighting myself for years now.. I have never been able to tell anyone what I'm really thinking. Everyone thinks that I'm happy and making plans for my future. I know that if they had any idea what was really in my mind they would be shocked. Everyday for years.. my mind seems to revolve around the idea of just ending it. Over and over. When it gets bad I try my best to be logical about it.. that it's a permanent solution to a temporary problem. But it just seems like these temporary problems keep coming at me to the point that it's hard to breathe. When I'm driving I think, "what if I just kept going straight instead of taking this curve?" or "what if that car veered off into my lane and I didn't swerve out of the way?" ...Or I'll take a bath and see how long I can stay underwater without breathing.. I feel so disgusted with myself everyday.

Both of my parents were druggies who were here and gone and in and out of jail. So my childhood pretty much sucked. I was in shelters/foster homes on 2 separate occasions. From the ages of 7 to 15 I was molested by different men. It started out with my brother making me get into a makeshift room with his friends little brother while he and his friend watched through holes while they made us rub against each other.. that brother molested me on and off until I was a teenager. Then there was my mother's boyfriend.. that one hurt the most. I thought of him as my second father.. we were so close.. but when I was 12 he shoved his fingers inside me and tried to rape me. Even though I told my mother about it, she still talks to him 11 years later.. and then there were a few men during the time I lived with my mother while she was dealing drugs. One night I woke up to a man masturbating with my feet. Needless to say, I was a pretty fucked up kid. And ever since then I have had twisted thoughts regarding sex and penetration. Even the thought of putting my fingers or a dildo inside of me makes me physically sick.

Recently, I had a short wave of hope. I am in my senior year of college. And though my depression has affected my grades a bit, I am close to graduating. But then the anxiety of knowing that I probably won't be able to get a job after all this makes me feel smothered and there's constantly a huge weight on my chest. Anyway.. though I am paying for college myself, I always had it covered.. even though it got really tight sometimes. But this year.. since it is my 5th year.. some of my grants were no longer applicable.. and I got all the finaid I could get.. and still ended up 2k short. So I started applying for jobs everywhere.. and I had one hope from them all.. but then the guy blew me off at the last second.. But I had one more hope.. when my grandmother passed away she left me her land. So I have been talking to someone about buying it.. but now she's getting hard to get in touch with and I'm 85% sure she changed her mind. On top of that, my car broke down so I am car-less. I have zero friends here anymore.. and I'm so stressed.. I feel so anxious about having to drop out of college come mid December and being homeless.. and I just don't know if I can do this anymore.. I know that these issues may seem so small... but I feel paralyzed. I just felt that I had to get this off my chest, even if it's just to a bunch of strangers on the internet.. but I think that I am going to make a bet.. if my land sells then I will stay here a little longer and graduate college and try to find a job.. but if it doesn't sell.. I will box all of my belongings so no one has to be bothered.
