Feeling Sad and HopelessHi everyone. First off, I want you to know that I am *not* going to kill myself, so if there is someone on here who posts who needs help, please go to them instead. I've felt like this often for a long time; pretty severely for the past 5 years on and off, but I've definitely felt it since I was a teen (mid-20s now). I think it usually comes about when I'm incredibly stressed. I'm going to vent a bit about some things that have been hurting for a long time. I will probably delete this post within the next couple of days, but rest assured that I will still be alive and that your words have helped. 


There's too much to write about to give you the whole story of why I hate my lot in life at times. I had some weird sexual abuse situations when I was younger, many toxic relationships, I was raped when I was a teen by someone I trusted (which started my 10 years strong of near-constant nightmares), one of my parents died in a very traumatic way (not their fault), I had a skin disease for almost a year-and-a-half and people treated me like a leper (hadn't seen most of the people I was close to in like 3+ years now), I had an ex who was abusive and left scars on my body during a time I was drunk (and did other things to me that I feel strongly embarrassed and ashamed of), my most recent ex was an alcoholic and emotionally abusive, my best friend of over 10 years has basically just friend-dumped me, one of my favorite relatives died last month, and I'm just... fucking exhausted. I'm so tired. 


The strongest I felt about my suicidal thoughts (to the point that I was very close to attempting it) was when I had my skin disease. When people treat you like they can't be near you, some people you love most are afraid to be near you, to hug you, to treat you like a normal person... it's just dehumanizing. I also have severe OCD (and depression, anxiety, PTSD, the lottery!), which made that period in my life worse. I was afraid of putting others through the same thing, so I covered myself from head to toe and didn't really leave my house except for groceries for a year. Isolation just ruins part of you. Please, if anyone is reading this, don't isolate yourself. It will make everything worse. Try to get out, even if you feel like you "shouldn't". 


I luckily found an antidepressant that works wonders for my OCD, anxiety, and depression. I've been getting it transferred to where I live now; it's been a few days off of it waiting for it to finally get filled; I imagine this is contributing to my current feelings of hopelessness. 


I'd like to end this on a positive note (something I always try to think of when I feel like this). I am always eventually glad I didn't act on my feelings. I have a happy moment, a happy day, a minute of time where I laugh at a stupid joke. And it just feels worth it. No matter how shitty life is, there's always that hope that there is going to be a moment where life doesn't feel as shitty as it felt to you in that suicidal moment. 
