Last visit with my sonThree years ago my wife left me taking our 9 year old son with her. Her parents wealthy, no money in my family. I immediately moved to the only place I had to go, to my family over a thousand miles away. Since then I get him 8 days at Christmastime and 4 weeks in the summer. I have made the ultimate mistake of trying to keep our relationship alive by being his friend, not his father. This summer will be the last I ask to see him and he is okay with that. The man she moved in with is far better the father figure than I ever was though I love him more than he ever could. I have decided to take this last 4 week vacation(he comes in 2 weeks)and explain to him my mistakes. I will try to be a dad. This will be a culture shock for him as he expects full leniency as he has always had when visiting. The friend thing only works for a while people with your children. Then they resent you, at least in my case, for resorting to this. After they turn into teens, what 40 year old can be a cool friend?? I am not telling him, but I am turning him loose. I am surrendering my own son to another man because he is  better than me. As he boards the aircraft I will tell him I love him, watch his plane takeoff then head to my car. I will kiss his picture I have carried in a key chain since he left my life and beg God to watch over him. I ask no quarter from the almighty for my actions, in fact I believe I deserve nothing short of hell. I will not leave the parking lot alive. I am absolutely NOT wanting attention nor sympathy, but if I can save one man, one long distance father, from my parenting mistakes, it would be worth it. Kids not only need parents, they want parents! They can find their own friends! How could I be so stupid?? If you cannot step up and be one someone else damn sure will. And losing your child to another "father" is something maybe you can live with, I cannot. Pray for him please, he is a good boy, he just got dealt a bad dad. Thank you for letting me tell my story.