My suicide note. I think I’ll be going tonight.I have come to the realization that I as a human am unproductive. A waste of space. A drain on society and those around me. I can’t keep a job, I am fat, I am moody, I am rude, I am distant and cold, and crazy. I didn’t ever really plan to go like this, but I have struggled to much and everyone else around me struggles constantly and I just can’t watch everything around me fall apart, I can’t watch me fall apart again and I’m not strong enough to pick up the pieces this time. I see no worth in living this life. I try to remind myself of all the people who love me and all the wonderful things I have. Yet somehow that just comes back to me realizing I am consistently failing those people. The voices in my head that naw at me everyday I had managed to keep at bay, but not today. They are relentless in their attempts to bombard me with truths I’ve come accustomed to. You’re worthless they say, you’re fat and disgusting they say, you’re wasting your life, your ugly, your stupid, you’ll never make it, everyone thinks your awkward, or ugly, or weird or stupid. Your nothing. Kill yourself they say, down the pills, all of them, and go to sleep they say. You’re a nightmare no one else will wake up from unless you go to sleep they say. Worthless worthless worthless they scream! It is constant and consistent and after a while when you’re mind is telling you something you sorta have to believe it, it becomes reality and it is my reality. My reality is that I am fat, I am poor, I am sick, I am worthless. I fail at everything I try. I have no dreams, ambition, or goals. I am so sick all the time. My body hurts, my brain hurts, my heart hurts. I’ve been nothing for a long while and now I can stop wasting peoples time and space and energy. I know this is going to affect a few people. Some family, some friends, my love, my animals. However if I didn’t truly  believe all of your lives would be better without me I wouldn’t be doing this. I promise all of you your life will be better. You may be sad, or angry at first, but soon you’ll be better. You won’t have a needy, crazy, lazy, human in your life. I won’t be there to bring you down, to worry about .
I love so many people and that is the worst part of this. Leaving all of you knowing I won’t ever feel Corey’s kiss again, or feel my puppy give me kisses, or my kitty rub her head on my hand. I won’t feel my moms hug, or hear the passion in her voice about her next new project. I won’t see my baby brothers grow into the amazing men I know they will be. I won’t see my grandparents and their unwavering ability to love and care no matter the screw ups. I’ll never hear my sisters harsh but truthful advice, formulated by long almost poetic rants. I won’t feel the summer sun on my skin. I won’t get to listen or watch thunderstorms, I won’t feel grass under my feet, or taste chocolate. I’ll miss life but I can’t live this one anymore for all the good there is equally if not more bad. I sit and I think not only about my failings and my mistakes, but about the worlds. The greed it infuriates me. I want to cry thinking about children starving while an American family gorges themselves at the golden coral. I hate thinking about the piles of dogs and cats being over bred and under looked. I hate thinking about woman being raped, not just in America, but young children in other countries and woman mutilation. I hate to think about people of color facing horrible tribulations every day. I hate thinking about the fact that our president, the man who is the face of my people, is a sexist, racist, ignorant, uniformed human. I hate this world it’s disgusting and our planet is dieing, and no one anywhere cares because we as a people are to oppressed to care, we can’t fight the wrongs of the world when we’re fighting to keep ourselves above water everyday.  I’m tired of trying and failing, I’m tired of crying, I’m tired of this body and this mind, I’m just so fucking tired and all I wanna do is go to sleep. So that’s what I’m going to do, I’m going to go sleep, and dream of a better world, a better life, a better me. I love you. Goodnight.