The Story of a Man Fighting Depression! (There’s spelling errors)  Okay, you can say so many thing to a depressed person you can hug them hold them, tell them they’re going to be alright! But at the end of the day they are still going to be feeling lonely and strange and feel like they don’t fit in.

  I’m a great example of this. Since my first thought the first time my brain was able to remember things I’ve felt a darkness somewhere in the corner of my brain to lurking taunting me. 

  I don’t know how els to explain it, but I described how it felt to an ex-girlfriend of mine, I told her it it felt like someone was take a piece of paper and just crunching it into a little ball and doing it over and over and over again. I sound crazy I know everyone is crazy in their own way. 

  Went of track but yeah, I’ve had a very tough up bringing. Moving from house to house, living in shelters, then being put in foster care and my mother dying while I was in foster care. I barely had a childhood. 

  In high school everyone liked me I was that funny fat kid that would take everything for a joke, always smiling, cool with everyone. But deep down even though I had so many people that supported me and loved me, I Still felt lonely, and strange like I wasn’t like them. 

  Felt like no body liked me and people where always talking trash being fake. So I got paranoid and push them all away, I’ve lost really good friends loyal friends because I felt like no one could be trusted. 

  The people who where the closest to me knew I was changing somehow I don’t know how but they kept asking me if I was okay do I need to talk, they tried giving advice. Hugging me, giving me kind words but I still felt lonely. 

  In the beginning of my high school career I was 300lbs, but tenth grade came I had this beautiful girlfriend way out of my league at the time like way way waaaaaaaay out of my league trust me. 
 
  But we where together for a good 4-5 months and that dark cloud was fading but I couldn’t help that fact that I was still feeling lonely for some reason. In the beginning of our relationship it was great, but once it started getting closer to the end,  it was happening again, the dark cloud was getting bigger and bigger and I was getting paranoid that my ex was cheating (she wasn’t), thought she was texting other dudes (she wasn’t). So I broke up with her. 

   So I finally just let the dark cloud consume my brain and  I started distancing myself from friends and people in general instead of taking the public bus home I would walk 3-miles home cause I didn’t want to be near people, I was depressed.

  Trust me when I tell you that I was depressed I was depressed! Remember how I said I was 300 lbs, well I was so depressed that I was barely eating, drinking, and sleeping. I had lost so much wait that I went from 300lbs to a good 205-10 lbs. Like I’m a decently tall dude so I was looking like a stick at that weight compared to what I use to look like! 

  Back on track, but people where noticing now that I was not alright, people started taking advantage and making fun of me behind my back talking crap etc. shortly after my last 4-5 month break up, I got into another relationship that lasted almost 2 years. 

  This woman was the one ,she had the best heart in the world and the most honest heart. *Side note* I’ve know her since middle school* but she just came up to me at school one while I was just at my desk with my head down with the same old grey champion hoodie I worn everyday, also it was too big for me and had some  old Beats head phones listening to XXX. 

 But she came up to me started talking to me, didn’t even say the line everyone says “Are you okay”. She just said some smart remark and it made me smile and right there we just hit it off. The darkness was clearing up. 

  This woman brought me from the ashes and made me feel confident in my self made me feel like I was loved, I got a job and started to hit the gym and I got buff I was looking pretty good and the whole nine yards. She made me feel like I was getting back to the old me again or at least close and I knew I was close. But again there was still that dark cloud that couldn’t help but make me feel lonely still. 

  The dark cloud was consuming me again but this time I didn’t want it to, I was finally feeling normal or at least close but it took over anyway. But this time I didn’t feel paranoid I just felt hatred and suffocated towards the end of this relationship. I was starting to be a real dick head to this wonderful woman. I was flirting with other girls in school behind her back talking to other girls etc. I was pushing her away. 

  But then I cheated... 

  Then I broke up with her and told her I cheated. It was with another close friend of mine that I always wanted to be with since the day I met her but I was either to fat or she was in a relationship. But she was in a relationship with my best friend, that I hung out with all the time. 

  I know I should feel guilty about this but, I wasn’t at all, to be honest I felt like I was starting becoming evil in a sort of way and I was liking it. 

Ima post Part 2 tmr if anyone is reading this. Sorry for the spelling errors and other errors.