I've been here many times before, but this time it seems so right.I work for a major fortune 500 company would would be great right?  Except I'm an entry level position with no education and no future.  I can't go back to school because I can't afford it.  I will never be *anything*.

I've been with the same guy for the last six years.  I've been so happy.  We've been looking at engagement rings.  Recently he's been getting more and more distant from me.  He doesn't want to do anything with me but drink and play video games, he doesn't want to spend time with me, and will never ever spend one on one time with me.  At all costs.  I do so much for him.  When we first started dating he'd do little things.  A rose in my car when I left for work.  A little note that said how much he loved me.  I haven't gotten a token of love in about two years.  I didn't even get a valentines or anniversary dinner for the last two years.  Nothing.

Recently I reconnected with an old friend from about 8 years ago.  We were always flirty back then (when I was SINGLE) but I made it very apparent that I was happily in a relationship.  A few nights ago, on our SIX YEAR ANNIVERSARY, we were drunk.  This old friend of mine texts me "are you drunk enough to want a picture of my dick?"  I danced around the question, obviously not wanting it, but didn't want to offend him.  I was so drunk my logic wasn't "what the fuck are you on" it was "ehhh I don't want to create a scene."  So I just ignored it.

Well my boyfriend saw the message.  And now thinks I'm cheating on him.  I would never.  But now our relationship, our six fucking years, our house and pets and car and jobs together, over.  Oh yeah did I mention we work at the same place, about ten feet from each other?

I can't afford to move out.  We have 8 months left on this lease and there's no way we can share a house.  I hate my job, I have no friends, I have nothing to live for.  Before I was depressed and he was the only thing holding me back.  Now I've got nothing.

My family is so insanity mode I haven't had contact with them since my grandmother died a year and a half ago.  I have nowhere to go.

I don't even know why I'm typing this.  Some part of me wants things to work out and someone tell me why I'm wrong.  But the bigger part of me knows that's not possible and won't happen.  And my biggest hurdle now is trying to get out without him having to clean up.  With any luck I'll be gone soon.