Attempted suicide before, lost my girlfriend and might have to try againHello anyone that cares!  
  
I literally have nobody to talk to about this because nobody actually cares about me, I'm sure other people are in a similar boat right? Like I can't be the only person who isn't actually cared about. I'm a 19 year old kid going to university living in a torn home with parents who are going to kick me out because they don't care about me. I had a girlfriend, which hey that just ended today what a surprise! As a precursor, I have issues dealing with stressful events. I was sexually assaulted as a child, as well as emotionally abused. Turns out, being raped doesn't help a kids mindset, who would have thought!  
  
Anyways, today my girlfriend and I decided to have sex in her house. Her parents came home, oops! They kicked me out, she was crying, and I put on my shoes and left. She has to talk to her parents this morning about it, but I know I won't be seeing her again. They were upset, she was crying hysterically. It's funny too, we've only been dating for 7 months, and I've only been happy 7 months out of 19 years on this earth. She was my only friend, only person to support me, pretty much my everything and I threw it away. It sucks too, I've attempted suicide before after my first break up but wasn't successful and I'm still here. Not for too much longer though, I don't think. I really, in all honesty, would not be remembered. I don't think one person would care if I tried to shoot myself in the head again. I've always seen suicide as an escape route, because that's exactly what it is. I don't care if its "cowardly" or "selfish", because I'll be fucking dead. Like yeah, a dead person is going to care they were selfish.  
  
I literally have nobody. The only person who ever truly cared about me was her and I ruined it. I never can hold down something good in life. It always ends, one way or another. I've never truly been successful. Really, some people weren't meant to be here, and I'm one of them. Will just have to see which direction the wind blows tonight! Hopefully east, because I always wanted to visit Europe. Won't matter if I'm dead, though.  
  
Thanks for reading, just wanted someone to know about my life.