I'm planning on jumping in front of a trainFirst I just want to illustrate just how hopeless my life is. I'm 20, I've seriously been thinking of suicide for the past year. I have bad depression, borderline personality disorder and extreme anxiety. I've been to about 8 treatment programs (I've lost count). I have lost all of my friends due to drug addiction. I have been unable to keep a job because my anxiety gets really bad and I end up never going again. My family doesn't understand anxiety and thinks I'm just being lazy and don't want to do anything. Now it's to the point that I absolutely have to get a job again, because I owe my dad a lot of money due to an expensive speeding ticket and they are tired of me sitting around doing nothing and while they don't say it directly they want me to save up money and move out. It's extremely overwhelming because I know myself and I know getting and keeping a job is probably an impossible task for me. I'm the definition of stuck.

I've had plenty of therapists and none of them have worked, its usually me just venting for most of the time and them not saying much. I'm currently on 1800mg of gabapentin, 600mg of trileptal, and 225mg of effexor a day, I've been on countless more (prozac, zoloft, lexipro, etc.) and none of them have been able to dull down my anxiety or depression where I can actually continue with life. I just recently saw my psychiatrist and he said that there's nothing more to do for my anxiety and that the rest I have to work and actually face it. The problem is, I know I can't do that, and I end up coming across as just a lazy bum to my doctor as well.

Every since I lost all of my friends 3 years ago, I  haven't made any since and I've completely lost hope that anyone would want to be around an ugly, fat, disgusting, weird, distorted fuck like myself. There have been people in my recent IOP program that have told me I'm a very nice person and intelligent and insightful, but that isn't what matters in the eyes of modern human society. If I can't get a job and hold my own, I'm worthless, just a burden, and a waste of space.

I've had no hope that I can possibly go on with life for a while, but there's this nonsensical will to live inside me, because deep down I don't want to die, I just don't want to live. I seriously cannot take the everyday anxiety from doing barely anything, knowing that I have to do things everyday that will just bring my anxiety even higher. And the things I want in life like meeting a girl and starting a family will never happen if I can't get a job, be mentally stable, or be a solid foundation. That's just not me. For me, the great things in life are just an illusion because with my mental ailments, they are impossible to grasp.

My family loves me, especially my mom, and I know how much it would crush them if I died, but living a human life is an impossible feat for me, and looking forward all I see is misery, uncofortability, and sadness.

It's worth noting that the one thing that has worked for my anxiety and depression and everything under the sun is marijuana. But my family has made it clear I'm kicked out if  I use again, and then I'll be broke and homeless and end up killing myself that way too, so while it's great that there's something out there that helps me, it's not an option.

Another thing worth noting is, while it might not even be true, I saw someone on reddit say they had 4 friends who took LSD and ended up killing themselves. They were all on zoloft at the time. I have taken LSD twice on zoloft. So part of me thinks offing myself is my destiny and I've just been putting it off for a year and I just need to fucking do it because I'm stuck and the only way out is to check out.

So to sum up, I have life crippling anxiety that prevents me from maintaining adult responsibilities, I have no hope that there is a good future for someone like myself, I'll just end up living an even more pathetic existence than I am already, in a constant state of anxiety and mental agony, nothing I've tried has worked, I clearly wasn't meant to live a human life, and getting hit by a train seems painless, immediate and will most likely get the job done, and my energy will hopefully go somewhere else where my soul can actually find purpose and hope.

Any thoughts would be greatly appreciated. Thanks.