Not an interseting titleJust wanted to write about my feelings. There won't be any point in this text, just some thoughts of mine in a random order. Writing things and ideas down helps me to understand myself better.

I'm living a picture-perfect life. Great social life: a lot of acquaintances, a few close friends and good and healthy family relationships. Nothing seems to be wrong with me either. Overall healthy lifestyle, a bit of studying daily and two jobs that I don't stress about at all. All of this unfortunately means nothing to me. I just don't see the point. Never had seen. It's like an existential crisis which has been going on for my entire life. I know I shouldn't take my privileged life as granted and definitely shouldn't feel depressed or indifferent when I practically have potential to live my life however I want. All these opportunities and I choose to think about suicide. Makes no sense. 

The more I think about suicide, the more it tempts me. Firstly, I really don't want to live so suicide sounds like a solution. Secondly, the Earth doesn't need me (actually doesn't need any of us) and society neither. I'm just doing my part destroying our nature and making expenses to the society. That's the truth lol. My friends don't need me either. They will continue living their life doesn't matter if I was alive or not. I understand that of course I have an impact in their lives and my suicide would be a shock to them and it would cause unnecessary misery but let's say like in two, five or ten years it wouldn't affect their lives at all. And I'm not living my life just to keep my friends happy. That would be selfish from them. Only thing that keeps me alive is my parents. They are really good people and I want only the best for them. That's why I'll be here for another twenty years or so. When they are gone, I'm pretty sure I'll be gone too. 

Theretofore I'll keep my social mask on and live like I've done this far. For my parents. 

But one I'm pretty sure I'll do it.





