Same shit as alwaysI make art for a living. There’s a fuckin pandemic. It’s going how you’d think. 

Not a good time to switch careers, I’m mostly out of space to store shit I make, nothing is selling because people are broke and staying home, I have very little space in the consignment booths I have, and what space I do have is saved for a specific project. 

Said project should have been finished a month after I started it, but I’m so tired from cleaning up after my parents and just my usual depression that I can’t manage to touch it most days. It’s been half finished for 5 months. 

Cleaning up after my parents? What? Yeah I live with them. Partially tradition. My family likes to stay home until we marry. Partially my own fault. Technically, I could get a place somewhere, but there’s no way I could have space for anything that resembles a workshop on my budget. And partially because if I don’t stay and act like the mother hen, they’d drown in their own filth within a week. They just throw shit down whenever they’re done with it. Their idea of cleaning up a spill is throwing a dish towel over it. And just kinda. Leaving it there. My mom’s cat will piss and shit on anything flat left on the floor (old and spiteful, but I do love her). So if I don’t pick up whatever they’ve left laying there first, I’ll have that to clean up. I also spend a lot of time problem solving and thinking for them. Setting out rodent traps, patching broken flooring, basic plumbing. I re-sealed the edge of the bathtub because I got sick of seeing mold ooze out of it when I took a shower. Also nearly died from the bleach fumes trying to kill said mold. Stuff like that. Constantly. Just my entire fucking day. things that nearly melt my brain because OH MY GOD THEY SHOULD KNOW BETTER. 

I have a bad habit of sleeping in now. I’m not actually sleeping. I still wake up at 7 every day. I just lay there until almost noon because I know what’s waiting for me. It pisses me off because I might get more done if I got on up, but I can’t bring myself to face it without talking myself into it over a few hours. 

There’s been two big points of drama in my friend group within a week. One was a friend who had a major mental health crisis, and some people we are in chats with we’re ready to string her up because of the content of her ranting. Ignoring the fact that none of it made sense anyway, and she’s deeply traumatized and has multiple diagnosis’s. Poor woman had been and out of psyche for a couple of years. It pissed me off that nobody even tried to understand the sort of delusions she has and that she didn’t quite mean or know what she was saying. 

The other was today. An old friend was using his autism as an excuse to be a major pervert and directly creep out most of the women in the chat. He did know better and would acknowledge it. He tried with me a lot and I just ignored him. He was never more than a mild nuisance to me, but it was worse with some of the others. Stuff came to a head, basically everyone blocked him. I had to tell him I hoped he could grow as a person, but I just don’t have the energy for him if he’s going to act this way. I blocked him too. 

Those chats I mentioned? I’m not actually friends with most of the people there. We have been in the same circle for a long time, but for the most part I’m unliked and ignored. They used to like me, I thought. I try to drop in with a meme or an interesting link every now and then, but absolutely no one cares. But I’m still compelled to try and say something. Maybe someone will like what I’ve found. I feel like a ghost to most of the people I talk to regularly. Every few days I just bring something to the chat, nobody gives a shit, and I go back to being a tired, neurotic mess IRL. I don’t know why I still try to start conversations with them. I know they don’t want me there and it hurts more when I say anything and let them confirm it over and over again. I don’t blame them for not wanting me around. I don’t know why I keep trying and hurting myself. I’m not even a very social person. But I need some amount I guess. 

I’m tired. I want to sleep all the time. I want to put a noose in my closet, let my knees give out, and just finally fucking rest. Or maybe up in the woods. Far away from this stupid life I’m barely managing. I want to see it all go dark and know I finally did something right.