Getting help can't fix meI don't know where to start. I am 20 years old and I'm stuck in a cycle that keeps repeating itself. It has started snowing and it reminds me of the time I was in a very, very dark place about 3 years ago. I somehow kept myself alive during the winter of 2010, and I've never been the same since. 

When I was about 8-9 years old, I was forced into sex by some older kids, and to be honest, I didn't think anything of it. I actually liked it. 
This went on til I was about 14 years old. All my friends were growing up, getting girlfriends, but I wasn't. At first I thought I might be gay, but as I grew older I started to realize that I was becoming what I feared most as a child, a pedophile. High school was really difficult for me because I wasn't like others. I had a great group of friends, everyone liked me because I was nice to everybody, but deep down I was a mess. I started spiraling out of control since then.

 I like to consider myself a giving person. The feeling of making someone happy is all I have. I will never have someone to really love and care for, ever! I don't really spend time trying to figure out why I became "this" person. genetic accident? or maybe its just a normal part of being human. I look at myself in the mirror and I am disgusted. I still can't believe this happened to me. I ask myself why everyday, and I just can't take it anymore. The pain I feel is excruciating and mind altering. I don't want to live as a "fake". i am tired of having this burden on my shoulders. I am tired of having these thoughts.

Why even try? There is no magic pill that can fix me, there is no psychiatrist that can help me. Why me? I didn't choose this, I hate it, I absolutely hate it. I was unwillingly brought into this world that doesn't accept me. And no matter what anyone has to say about it, you just don't know what its like.

Well, what can I say. I don't qualify to be a productive citizen of this planet. They say "Live to Love", and I need to "love to live". And if I can't have that, then I'd rather not be here. 

Good luck with everything you guys, please don't let this world get even more shittier than it already is, I'll be watching from above! :)
