A ReleaseSuicide has always been a thought on my mind. When I was a kid, I found things to cling to, so that I would never do it. A quote from a book, the cuteness of a puppy, the taste of my favorite food, the fear of the afterlife. It kept me going for 23 years. I felt safe from myself. 

This year has torn me apart. I have always been optimistic. There is a piece of my childlike innocence and joy that has stayed intact, through all the hardships life has thrown at me. I felt like I could endure anything. That I could defy the world and keep a part of me pure. My hope and endless love to give has kept me going. But it's not intact anymore. I feel pieces of who I am dying, being taken from me. At first, I thought it was just me finally growing up, like the world has to take that part away from me for me to be an adult and truly live. 

It feels more sinister and dark now. I gave myself a year to follow my heart, to take risks, damn the consequences. No risk, no reward, right? I did everything I should have. I did everything I needed to. I just wanted a light at the end of the tunnel. I wanted just a glimmer of hope. It seems silly to put so much into New Year's. It's just another day, right? But I used to care so much. I used to feel uncontainable joy and excitement. No matter what I was going through, I could always just focus on the little things in my future that would bring me joy. They would keep me going. Now I'm realizing, I can't do that anymore.  

It brings me to the question, is life worth living if who you are dies? There are small, but unique parts that make me who I am. They have been sacred to me. For the first time, I'm losing them. I can't hold on anymore. As much as I have struggled and hurt over this year, I have held back from this. I haven't posted here. I haven't planned anything out. Never wrote a note. Didn't check myself into a psych ward. Didn't call the hotline. Nothing. 

That has officially changed. I just finished writing a goodbye. It felt good. I don't know what tomorrow brings or if I will see another year. For the first time, I really don't know. That scares me more than anything. 

I think I just wanted to say that. I can't say this to anyone I know. My family and friends don't know this part of me. My partner is the only one who knows and he's grown tired of hearing it. 

I hope I don't wake up. Every night, I just hope that I never have to wake up again.