8 hours left. Here is my note.I'm 15.

My mother (allegedly) suffers from Narcissistic &amp; Borderline Personality Disorder, and abuses alcohol on a regular basis.

She abused me my whole life

I haven't seen her in 2 years since she sexually abused me. I was 13.

I was bullied in primary school to the point my life was threatened and i was beat up almost daily.

So the abuse was constant.

I have suffered from depression, anxiety, and PTSD for as long as i can remember (at least 6 years).

I have had materials to kill myself since i was 10

My dad, grandma and stepmum are great people.

I hate myself for doing this to them

But I can't go on anymore.

I used to escape through music. But it doesn't work anymore.

Even self harm doesn't let me escape from the mental pain i feel constantly.

I reached out to my dad over a month ago in order to inform him it wasn't his fault.

But at that point there was nothing he could do to help me.

I lost my clean suicide method, the one I am about to use is much more unpleasant.

But I don't care anymore.

The reason I have continued living for so long was my father.

The few people who have supported me would all suffer as a result of my weakness.

Over the last few months i think i have developed some degree of psychosis/paranoia.

The only way I can get pleasure is through thinking about mutilating those I love.

Carving sigils into their bodies

I'm turning into my mum like she turned into hers.

I can't subject others to that kind of abuse.

But I am still selfish for what I am choosing.

My 3 year old sister won't remember me in her long term memory.

I'm not sure whether that's better or worse

Goodbye Poppet.

I'm Sorry

My only wish is that [this song](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wHF-D08gDGI) is played at my funeral.

And that my sister doesn't see the body.

(names)

Even though half of you don't talk to me anymore, Thank you for your friendship .

I barely know half of you, and yet there were so few people who showed me sincere kindness.

(names)

Thank you for your support, I am sincerely sorry that nothing you could do would have made any difference .

Sorry Grandma. I sincerely appreciate everything you did for me

I am sorry dad, know that there was nothing you could do to alter the situation I was in.

Even though I know anything I say to my mum will be ignored, all I ask her is that she realizes my dad is in no way responsible, and does not abuse him whilst he is suffering.

Sorry

Goodbye

\-Euphony