Run awayI want to leave the house, my family, everything. I don't have nothing in life. I am trying to kill myself taking, swallowing lead and I am going to poison myself with another thing I bought. I am not afraid of death, I am afraid of life. I tried to help myself for years, nothing worked, I feel miserable and now I don't even have a money. I have 30e on my account, that is all. I was planning to kill myself to look accidental but somehow whatever I thought, nothing is good enough, I make various excuses.. it's enough. It is hard to kill oneself. I want to escape and then if I feel miserable again and I will probably feel..I will kill myself and there will be nobody to see me, a perfect match. Any suggestions? The winter is coming, it will not going to be easy at all. My family will going to suffer in a one way or another but I wouldn't like to see me dead or to survive and than, to see me in hospital, I don't know what could I tell them..they don't know anything about me and my intentions. I look normal to everybody but I am not. I don't speak about my problems, they are very hard to bear, especially now. I don't have a reason to live in this cruel and disgusting world. I want to go somewhere to be alone, I would like an island but I can't afford that. Food, clothes..it's not easy and it's like one of my fantasies..but really, I am going to do something, I can't bear nothing and nobody anymore. I would like to go to another state or to a mountain or whatever and I would leave my family a message to not call the police. I am not interested to listen to some crap how things will be better.. I told to others the same. It's not working. To assume my responsibilities..too. I am not able, it's hard for me to get up from bed, I don't have a will. I don't want to work, I don't want to get married, I don't want to have children, friends, I don't want to live with my parents anymore. I simply don't want nothing in life and there is no person or a thing which will make me happy in life again, I am complete failure.