My chronic depression is getting worse... This world feels like a nightmare. [NSFL]I'm thinking about suicide a lot...

I want to be dead. I once thought that human problems were surmountable, but they're not. 

They're just not. I only want to live if I can think of a scheme in which humans aren't doomed, and I can't. I've tried and I can't, and that depresses me. Everyone I've ever loved is going to die; I'm going to die. Everyone works hard for things, which they forget about when they die. Everyone feels pain. There's so much agony in the world. So much madness. Small animals by the millions are being poured into grinders alive; their meat comes flowing out a tube, like shit from an anus. Young children are beheading people, but tiny baby arms are so weak they saw the heads off slowly. And then other children listen to music that's merely people screaming. Screaming! This is a world of endless screaming. High-school graduations happen, and the young men and women without scholarships walk away, knowing that they will live lives of struggle, which will be harvested as tax dollars for the state, no differently than the way human batteries are harvested by the machines of The Matrix. The planet is suffering and the minds able to come up with schemes capable of reversing the damage being done are killing themselves. The leaders we elect have values, not plans or schemes. Human history is filled with torture, slavery, and suffering. I hate being human. Most of my friends are depressed because I find happiness intolerable: pathological happiness in the face of this worlds past, present, and future, seems like a crime to me. Every religion secretly prescribes nihilism. Humans exploit one another in life, because nature has been overridden by the state, thanks to human nature. And I feel worlds away from it all. I don't want to participate in human affairs, but go in direction completely opposite to wherever this leads. I don't have any hope for humans... I just hope... That this is all some kind of simulation, intended to teach me how not to behave. What if evolution made us miserable, so we could survive? I don't feel like anyone can relate to me. I don't feel human. I don't understand what I'm supposed to do for you. I don't understand why, as I've aged, I've become more sensitive, and not less. The adults who raised me were so stupid, that I assumed I would become numb when I grew old, but it seems like the complete opposite has happened. These feelings. Was I programmed to function in a smaller world? I drive down the street, and it scares me: that I have this urge to meet everybody I see, but I roll past them like they're nothing. And I'm nothing too. What's the point in being a nothing that feels something? And there's no such thing as help. People don't help; they help themselves by getting jobs. One of my only older friends, she's really jaded about life; she feels like it let her down. She told me that I should try not to obsess over these things (our world and universe is eating itself); that people who do, do end up killing themselves. I just can't though. It's getting harder and harder to wake up in the morning, and when I do wake up I'll go back to bed to cover up my disgusting self. I will delete this post, to cover up my disgusting self, but I promise I won't kill myself. I feel so torn, because I want to like existence, but I don't. And it's the only existence I know! And that hurts even more. 

If only I could go somewhere else. 