I have crippling social anxiety and depression. What can I do?It has gotten to the point where I can no longer leave my house without panicking. I don't even feel comfortable inside unless I'm alone in the house, in my room with the door locked, and all the windows are covered. I have classes twice a week and I'm terrified that I'm about to fail them (one class because of the material, the others because we have projects that will have to be presented in a few weeks and I can't do it) and if that happens I'll lose my financial aid. I don't have any insurance or money and the last time I went to the doctor was when I was 17 (I'm almost 23 now). I asked if I could talk to someone about how I felt and they said okay, but we never went back. In high school I told a teacher that things weren't so great at home, and she referred me to the school counselor, who called my parents, who glared at me until I said everything was fine. I just don't know what to do. My family doesn't see it, they throw around words like "shy", "sheltered", "frail", "attention" when they think I'm not listening but when I ask for help they tell me to grow up and stop being anti-social. Our family tends to sweep the dirty stuff under the rug and act like there is absolutely nothing wrong. I cut my wrists up last year (lame suicide attempt, I was very upset and scared, now I know how impossible that is to kill yourself that way, but I have these long ugly scars that everybody can see every day for the rest of my life even though I've never self-harmed before or after that day) and when I was 13 I tried to drown myself and considered drowning my baby sister (which I think is pretty fucked up now, I wouldn't hurt anyone else, but it's scary to think of how close I came to doing something like that, to the point where I even held her underwater for a few seconds. I was what you would think of a typical shy-but-sweet, straight A, book worm and *I almost murdered my sister before I went through puberty.*) Anyway when I cut myself, no one ever talked about it, obviously they've seen the damage, plus I left almost an entire roll of bloody paper towels in the trash can, but my family/"friends" never said anything (except for one person who told me how to do it the right way "next time" and another who made obvious comments about people who kill themselves go to hell).

Every little thing is just so overwhelming. I get trembly and panicky just by going outside to check the mailbox, how am I supposed to finish school? Get a driver's license? A job? Live on my own? Since I was 12 I have always considered suicide every few weeks but for the past two years not a single day has gone by that I don't think about it. Not one day. I have told my parents, my grandparents, and my few "friends" point blank "I want to kill myself, I want to be dead" and it's like I'm not even there, they just turn their eyes away and say "You'll be okay". I'm just now realizing I've been miserable for more than ten years, almost half my life (and I was pretty unhappy as a kid too). I don't really want to die, but I'd rather be dead than live like this. I want help, but I don't know what to do, and even if I did I probably couldn't do it. I don't know...what do you guys think?