A nobody in small country town.Bear with me here,

I'm 21 years old, have ADD, have aspergers, am gay (maybe trans) and I live in a small country town somewhere in Australia.

So I live a somewhat comfortable middle class life, I still live with my parents and for the past three years (since I graduated high school) I haven't been doing very well in my mental health and with life in general, in every attempt I try and go out into the world and try and make something of myself, I fail either due to my own self pity/laziness or something drug or alcohol related.

I always end up back at square one basically.

Being gay in a small town is easy at times when you're reclusive as me but when you go out, people (supposedly friends) go to a very large effort to avoid me and some even scream abuse at me; such as "you fucking gay cunt" "dont touch me faggot" I tend to brush most of the verbal and physical bullying off like it was nothing, but I think it has a more long term effect, it plays on my mind later on.

More about the drug and alcohol part now.

I started smoking weed about 2 years ago and started heavily drinking after year 10, Ive quit weed since 5-6 months ago now but I feel myself going down a bad slide again, I dont want that to happen. I only drank to seem cool to the other guys in my class (before they knew I was gay) and tried to get a foot in the "social door", I had limited success and ended up damaging my reputation alot.

After fucking around for so long now, Ive finally gotten a job as a cleaner, it isnt helping my psyche, it shouldnt affect me at all, I have nothing against cleaners but the thing is I see all my other friends go to uni and are living great.. lives and I kinda feel like Ive given up or something.. its depressing to say the least.

Ive attempted suicide in the past and tomorrow I am going to do it for real.



TL;DR

Gay(~trans) guy with alcoholic/drug/life problems depressed by what he sees around him, wants to end it. 

EDIT 1: I apologize about my grammar 

