A downward spiral I wish my school psychologist would notice, what could she do?As many know, millions are in quarintine at the moment, and many students are stuck to doing online work.
I have extreme social anxiety, +anxiety in general and topped off with depression. Nothing special in my case.
This year I started in a new school and I tried to just be a normal student, but inevitably I ended up eating every lunch in the school's psychologist office (just like my old school). She's been very nice and understanding, and I've opened up a lot to her.
I always tried to miss school, be absent, I would feel awful in the mornings not wanting to go. What's the point if literally no one is waiting for me. Not even the teachers would notice my absence. But as time went on I would then be backtracked in owed work, which would overwhelm me and make me worse.
Fast forward now, we're all stuck at home, what I wanted right. I have spiraled so much into myself I don't know what to do. Being alone at these times isn't helping me at all, at least at school I could see different faces, I wouldn't talk but there would be moments I enjoyed being there for.
Being depressed is nothing new, I would frequently go into the psychologist's office to cry and not understand why I was so depressed.
I don't live with my parents as they're in another country, I live with a family friend.
I'm way overdue in a bunch of online work, im on the borderline of failing, school ends in June.
I don't know what to do, whenever I try to do work I get headaches and want to cry, I never get anything done. I've sent countless apology emails to my teachers which makes me feel worse and I have been sending some emails to the psychologist. She's been trying to keep me hopeful I guess but I don't feel joy in anything. I loved to draw but I've completely stopped. I don't see myself doing anything else. She tried to convince me today after I sent her a hopeless email yesterday, that I should try to think about graduating and it's only a couple of weeks left. But that doesn't give me motivation at all, so what if I don't graduate. I feel endlessly hopeless.
I was on the border of taking my life some weeks ago with some 'anxiety' medication but an aunt I was visiting thought I was trying to get addicted and took the bottle away from me (after I woke up at 3:30pm that day)
Point being, I've been very close in doing it
I'm sorry I'm rambling
I don't think the psychologist thinks I'd seriously do something like that, even though I've told her before I just wish I would get in the way of a car on my way home.
I was wondering
If I tell her how seriously I've been thinking suicidal thoughts, what would she do
Would she try sending me to a crisis center? (Or something like that)
I don't want to be depressed anymore
I don't want this
But I don't want to risk myself by being sent to a crisis center with this pandemic going around
(Especially since I'm in one of the top affected states)
I have 8 pills left from what my aunt left me
They're sedatives, and the doctor had given me a higher dosage of mg so one pill counts as two
I've heard you'd just pass away in your sleep
But either way, I wish to know what would she do