Kind of flirting with the idea.I don't know what is and isn't technically suicidal. I never asked because I was afraid of what might happen if I talked openly to it to mental health practitioners. I explicitly wanted to not be alive for about 15 years. Daily. Every hour of every day that I was awake, at least once, I would be reminded, "Hey! You really want to not be alive right now!"

I'd fantasize about cars taking me out. I lived on a busy street. People went fast. I almost got hit dozens of times living there. I'd quadruple check both sides, though, every time I crossed the street. Often times while actively fantasizing about not seeing someone, or not being seen. Both, I guess.

But I never thought about *doing it.* I just always fixated on resentment toward the fact that I was alive, wishing I'd never been born, idealizing the thought of just fading away like a shadow when the light moves just right so it slowly becomes nothing at all and nobody even notices. I never wanted anybody to be hurt. I just wanted to not be hurting anymore myself. Because that's all I have ever known. For my entire life. My *entire life.* And I was so tired, so tired, so tired.

I had two good years and I didn't want to die at all. I didn't think about it much, the idea of it. I'd only ever thought about how sad it was, the way I used to felt. It became this past tense thing. The way I used to felt but felt no longer and would never have to feel again. So many of my issues were gone. All my life nobody's ever loved me and nobody's ever understood me and nobody's ever cared to even try to and I found someone who did, she did, she did all of those things, and I was so happy and I was hopeful for the future.

And things didn't work out. And that was tough, but I was fine. I still had my regrets, and I still do, but I didn't feel any of those old, familiar feelings the way that I used to. And so I was still thankful for that experience, that forever that we spent together that turned out to only last two and a half years when I was so certain it would be so much longer.

And I got back home. And things were *hard.* Getting home was hard. Getting home was stressful. 40 hours and 2800 miles in a uHaul with a wiggly dog on my lap. And then getting home was just the start of it.

Going to Arizona ruined my disability claim. Two year+ process killed because some incompetent doctors who never took my medical history kept writing "he should be working but doesn't want to." They didn't get my medical records from my prior clinic. They kept saying they were working on it, but couldn't tell me what was wrong. I signed 3 different releases. I tried calling them a number of times over the months. I was there for a year and a half, and I was seeing them in particular for over a year. They still hadn't gotten my medical records when I'd left. They'd "been trying" but just wouldn't communicate with me about it at all except at our sext-weekly appointments they would remark on how odd it was that they'd hadn't gotten them yet and how they'd have to ask what was going on with that.

A couple of weeks before my actual hearing my lawyer asked me for my old clinic's information. Later that day they left a message stating once and for all what the problem was: my old clinic would only accept *their own* HIPPA form. All my lawyer did was have them fax a copy over. All my old clinic had to do was have them fax a copy over. They were too incompetent to figure that out, but because they're doctors, and they wrote in my medical records, "I think he should be working but he does not want to be working," that's all that matters. The clear and consistent patterns in my longstanding and persistent medical history just hand waved away by a couple of people who just, quite frankly, don't give a shit about people. They just want to get their little checks from Medicaid.

So my lawyer told me that the likelihood of an appeal going my way was pretty poor, but if I was going back to see my old, supportive practitioners (who initially encouraged me to file in the first place), that after a couple of months of treatment, I could start the process again and would likely receive a more favorable outcome. I just don't know if I have two years left in me.

But at least I'd have the option. At least I'd be able to get *effective* treatment again in the mean time. I was looking forward to that.

It was difficult for me to get back on Medicaid back home. I had to fill out weird forms and I had to get weird confirmation letters sent from Arizona back to New Hampshire and even just gathering the wherewithal necessary to deal with all of it was so much. It took me almost two weeks to be able to get myself to finally finish it. I'd try every couple of days, thinking I'd gotten whatever problem I'd had all figured out, only to have another one pop up and overwhelm me and I'd just lay down for a while and do my best to not want to cry. But I got approved, and I was excited to actually get some help.

But I didn't schedule an appointment. I don't know when I'll be able to get there - like, physically, if that's even necessary, although I'm sure it will be because they'll want to know about my physical health, probably, and want to run some blood work, probably. And my old clinic, where I know and trust the practitioners, where I know it's staffed by people who actually care about their patients and aren't just trying to scam easy money from Medicaid while providing the least possible "services" and undermining peoples' futures. God, going to that place in Arizona was *the worst.* I *dreaded* every appointment. It was just 45 minutes of some lady criticizing my entire life without ever trying to understand why I was the way that I was or why I felt why I felt, just expressing frustration that I wasn't more like everybody else.

But I'm not, though. And it's really fucking difficult. Isn't that the whole point of trying to get help? Because it's so fucking hard?

Anyway, I haven't even called to make an appointment yet. I don't know when I'd be able to get there. I was living with my Mom and everybody in that house, which was a lot of people, and it was an hour away from my clinic. But I wasn't about to try some new one.

Anyway, my Mom's husband is a belligerent alcoholic and he'd get loaded every night and try to pick fights with me. The first night I got back he got physical with me. Grabbed my coat neck and shoved me against a wall threatening me. I forget what he even said. It was 10 minutes after I walked through the door. I hadn't even started unloading my entire shambles of a life out of the back of the fucking uHaul I spent the better part of a week in riding across the literal country. Like, the whole fucking thing of it.

And it's been like that every night. He just follows me around trying to pick fights with me. Most of the time I could ignore him. Laugh at him, even. It was pathetic. He was pathetic. He *is* pathetic. Just a sad, stupid man, angry at the world and trying to take it out on me.

But he went after my dog a couple of times and I would scream at him because my dog is my whole world. He is my ***whole world.*** He kept me stable through all of this shit. He kept me sane through all of this shit. I'd be so lost without him. And nobody's going to fucking grab my dog. He's a good dog and he doesn't misbehave. This piece of shit grabs my dog's leash and yanks on his neck because *his* dog is going crazy. I about lost my mind.

That was the third time he put his hands on me and I told my brother, who was living there, during a very long discussion that I don't know how many more times I can tolerate that man putting his hands on me. And I wrote an email to my father briefly outlining the situation. But nothing really happened.

And so he keeps following me around and starting shit and a couple of nights ago he put his hands on me again and I didn't manage to keep mine to myself. I didn't go crazy, or anything. I didn't hit him. He tried to hit me. He scratched me like an actual child. I guess that shouldn't be surprising. Putting your hands on another person is for children, too.

Anyway, so now I'm homeless, I guess, because a loud, mentally retarded man kept putting his hands on me and that's okay but I remove them once and that's not okay because apparently my entire purpose in life is to just quietly be abused by every single person around me and if I ever protest that's unacceptable.

And I just am so fucking tired. My life fell apart when my fiance left me for another man. And again when I found out she'd been cheating, that she'd hated me for several months, when I'd read all of the awful things she'd said to me. And then when the one thing I thought might make me no longer dependent upon all of these wretched influences in my life, the one thing that might help me find the only thing I ever wanted: a quiet place where I can just exist without being made to feel awful for it, a place where I can just enjoy a little bit of peace and quiet and serenity, had been undermined by people who were persistently maliciously negligent for over an entire year.

And through all of that I managed to maintain some small semblance of hope, some small means of motivating myself from - although I wasn't *happy* to be awake, the way I'd been for the two and a half years I was in love, and *under the impression that I was* loved, at least I wasn't - dreading opening my eyes at the start of every day.

And I just don't know what else I can do. I'm so exhausted. There are so many millions of little things I didn't mention because I'm incapable of even thinking of all of them now, it's just too much effort to collate that massive encyclopedic volume of memories and mental tally cards of every small injustice and every great betrayal, but that doesn't mean they don't contribute and it really is just too much.

And there's no more realistic options. I can't keep this up.

And I am just so fucking tired all of the time.

I don't want much. I just want everyone to stop being so mad at me all the time, so disappointed in me or disgusted with me, so sick of me being around at all. I just want a little place where I can be me and that's okay. Where there's peace and quiet and I don't have to fucking feel like I should say sorry every time I take a breath or a step or just for fucking existing like I've had to be for my whole entire life.

And I'm so tired of how much it all hurts so bad.