ApatheticI'm not going to kill myself tonight. But I'm this damn close to doing it.  I guess I haven't reached that point yet if I'm actually posting here instead of doing something stupid tonight. Suicide was always an option, for me. I figured that once I turned 18 I'll do it. I'll kill myself but that passed a few months ago and I didn't do it. So, I moved it to my HS graduation and that's a few weeks away, so maybe, this time...

I just don't care anymore. I'm tired. I'm just tired that I'm here that I exist. I used to get incredibly heated and angry whenever my parents or someone didn't believe that I have depression because I'm just lazy or too dramatic or I'm too this and that. And even then, they'd spitefully throw it back to me that everyone faces the thoughts of suicide but no one in our family really go through with that. I'm just all talk. Everything was thrown back at me, as my fault. And, maybe, I am being dramatic. Maybe I'm just being too much.  But after so many years, I'm just tired. I don't care if they don't believe me anymore. Maybe I will go through with it this time.

It's so stupid too because my life isn't that bad. Yeah, I have problems\-\-superficial or not. I have problems but I have good things going for me. I got into a good college, I have a part time job to keep me busy, I have so much. But, I really don't care anymore.

Its so fucked up because throughout all these years the main point that driven me to do things was competition and spite. And I had a period of my life where I figured that it doesn't matter what happens to me as long as I get to repay everything I owe my parents and my brother and then kill myself. They always used to dangle the amount of money that they wasted on me\-\-on my SAT's, on my college applications, on books, on clothes, down to the cents that I now owe because they bought me food or whatever. I figured that if I gave them the money I owe they don't control me anymore. They don't own me anymore. Then I'd kill myself so they can realize the mistakes they made. How fucked up. How dramatic. 

 But now, I'm done. I don't care anymore. I'm so tired of everything. I just want everything to stop. I don't know how I'm alive. I don't know how I'll keep on living like this.