What's Wrong With Me???!!!!I feel like I was put together wrong. Like my brain is wired incorrectly and nothing works the way its supposed to. I am barely even a person. I feel like a goddamn alien in this world. I don't know if it's the ADHD or what but I don't know how to act, how to think. I don't even know how to keep myself alive. I can't eat right, sleep right, I'm dizzy all the time and I feel so sad. Medication doesn't help. Therapy doesn't help. I am scared to step outside because I don't want to be bombarded with pretty girls who have friends and know how to act like a human. Every time I do, I feel like everyone is judging me. I feel like I am the ugliest, most disgusting piece of shit in the universe. People have expressed interest in being my friend but I just want to be alone. And yet I feel so lonely and jealous of everyone hanging out with friends or significant others. It's not that I'm jealous of them for being social, I'm jealous of the desire to be social and the ability to do so without just wanting to die. I can't hurt my mother and my best friend from back home by killing myself, but both of them are so far away and I don't know how much longer I can take this pain. Everyone said I would make friends in college and it would get easier. Well it's been two years and I'm the only one that's still alone. The more time passes, the worst my mind gets. I used to be normal and capable. I used to be smart. Now I don't have the motivation to do anything at all. I'm literally going into credit card debt ordering delivered groceries and food for every meal because I can't even make myself get in the car. Can't make myself clean my shithole room. Can barely go to the bathroom and pee. When I do I get stuck on the toilet for 20 minutes because I can't get myself back to bed. Nothing helps and no one cares. I would give anything to be hit by a bus or something so at least I could be dead without my mother and best friend knowing how miserable I was and feeling as bad as I do.