This holiday season, my nerves are picking up speed and I don't know how to handle myself. I feel like I'm going insane.Hi everyone.

So, to start off, I'm just going to say that I don't normally use Reddit, nor do I normally post on my social media. But lately, things feel like they're falling apart and I don't know what to do about it.

I have a lot of things I'd like to say and a lot of worries I want to get rid of, but right now I wish to talk about Thanksgiving. (Weird subject, I know, but hear me out.)

Thanksgiving is absolutely the worst holiday for me. Actually, the holiday seasons altogether have always made me feel *off* somehow. I don't know if this is because of my seasonal depression or if it's because of something else but this time of year always gives me a bad feeling. Now normally it's not that bad, like last year I could easily push these feelings aside and enjoy the holidays, but this year it just feels like everything is getting worse and worse.

Which brings me to the upcoming holiday, which is Thanksgiving. Two days ago, I heard from my mom that we'll be spending our Thanksgiving dinner at my grandparent's house. For me, this is an absolute nightmare. Don't get me wrong! I love my grandparents will all my heart and soul, but I just can't stand being around my grandfather anymore. He's religious, which isn't a bad thing, but he speaks as if his word is always right, and that the way he sees God and his word is the absolute correct way. Normally I wouldn't care much about a person's religious views, but this is my grandfather, who I respect and love, and I just feel like every time I'm around him I'm somehow disappointing him because I don't believe in his way of worship. (If this helps you understand his views better, he's Pentecostal and the churches he attends are very...*loud* to say the least.)

How he speaks of God and His word makes me paranoid and never fails to increase my anxiety. My body runs cold and I freeze up anytime he even starts to say something about it. I can't take it when he starts speaking of religion; it freaks me out! I'm going to go crazy if I have to be around him any more than I need to.

I don't want to go to their house. Or at the very least I don't want to be there for a long time. And combining that with everything else going on in my life I'm just about ready to end it all. 

I'm so scared and I don't know what to do with myself anymore, and I know that this half-assed essay barely gets across my feelings and my situation but it's all I can think to do right now.

I've been planning since yesterday to speak to my dad about my feelings on the matter (not my mom; I feel like the way she speaks to me when trying to give me advice just leads to more frustration and nothing getting solved) and I'm hoping he'll either let me stay home, not stay there long, or bring me to their house and take me back home after greeting the family.

Either way, I'm nervous. I'm practically eating myself inside-out with all these thoughts and I don't know what to do with myself anymore. 

Thank you for reading.