It Just Makes SenseI must say firstly I am destined to die anyway, so does it really matter if I kill myself? Regardless, I am utterly talentless and commonly disliked. Some may like me at first, like how many people seem to have had romantic feelings towards me. However they later become just like the others disliking me as well. I am in college currently on the clock to fail out. I am so irresponsible I have to weigh everyone else down with my wants. I hate realizing everyday that I am just on to fail and feel the displeasures I commonly feel on a repetitive and truly dulling cycle. I constantly have an internal battle where I tell myself I don't seek respect, that I am logical and complete in my reasoning on the matters of morality and that my emotions don't blind me. I try to justify my selfishness as human even though I am all to sure that I am weak and far too childish which may be the only reason I have these thoughts. I hate others most likely because they have gained more and I am truly jealous. When I think I have made a decision I can never commit to it. I know there is so much wrong with me, I can never determine what and how to diagnose who I am. I feel as though I have Antisocial Personality Disorder and I don't feel sympathy or compassion. Then I feel others pain and enjoy it, other times I feel their pain come to me and can't tell what I feel for their misfortune. Sometimes I feel I might slightly care, then later I realize it was only that they gave me attention so then on I wish them the worst after they can longer give me this. No one has ever been able to tell me what is wrong with me. I know I have a mental barricade that I created in the past so I never really know what I think. It was made to keep others from finding me. In the process I lost myself. I try to visualize experiences of pain in incidents of interrogation and try to rationalize my ability to experience the pain, also slightly enjoying it as it reconnects me to the animals we are and the thrill of someone wanting me harmed. Humans are so fucking fake and I have been lied to all my life. I hate how humans lie to themselves and as a result lie to me. I think about trusting someone but soon see them hurting me and that they have their limits and will never be truly subservient. I considered existing just to make others feel pain, then though I considered how that was childish and it wouldn't matter. I feel as though I dislike drug usage because I wanted them but people didn't treat me well and never gave me them. Sometimes I can't tell if I hurt other or if I just wish I did. I might just dislike drugs because I couldn't get them and people treated me poorly. I might just be a misogynist because girls never liked me. I thought I liked animals but it is becoming easier and easier for me to hurt them. I also can't tell if I am gay, the thought of loving a guy scares me as I would be completely vulnerable to them. With girls I feel I could never love them so I wish to be straight. Then I am not sure if this would be good as many will likely tell me I am bigoted only as an extension of my shortcomings. Such as not being able to have sex with a girl so hating them for that reason. I am simply a creation that entertains god, a living relegation of contradictory traits. I hate when others tell me I am weaker, I hate knowing that if someone wanted to claim value from me they certainly could and that I am powerless to hurt them or destroy their value. I am limited there are always more capable people in this competitive world. I don't as much fear pain I feel, it is more the thought of others proving themselves and growing progressing off of me.