Everyone around me is crashing and burningI'm not on suicide watch, I'm living life. But my partner's former partner is. Both of them write posts on this subreddit. Let's call them Ben and Lisa. 

Ben and Lisa were in a relationship, and then continued to live together after they broke up because Lisa is Borderline with trauma history, and was struggling with abandonment issues, which led to psychosis, self-harm, attempted suicide, and apparently assault with a knife against Ben. 

Ben was traumatized by this and by months of threats, hints at plans to commit suicide, and drug misuse from Lisa during their relationship. Ben, like everyone else, does not want their partner, current or former, to commit suicide, you see.  It is distressing to him because Ben feels a deep sense of dedication towards his close ones. He is a stoic man from a small town, who values friendships and people who are genuine, loving, and kind. This gets Ben in trouble, because who isn't more genuine and loving than a Borderline? So Lisa is not the only Borderline who gave Ben a hard time. Another former partner got him arrested when he refused to marry her. Ben is ADHD, his baseline arousal is ridiculously high, like a neurotypical's on high anxiety. Imagine how hard it must have been for Ben to go through those experiences! And how much harder it is for Ben when he gets anxious. 

Ben also experiences mental anxiety,  such as rushing thoughts, so things get pretty confusing. Right now, he is struggling to order events in chronological order. Isn't it fucked when you can't tell that 2 weeks ago wasn't 6 weeks ago? Yeah. And Ben and Lisa have told me that his panic attacks are so severe, they have to call an ambulance each time. 

I am not sure Lisa understands that what she did -- pressuring Ben not to break up with them through self-harm -- is called emotional abuse. But the last time I spoke to them, they were asking me to check on Ben, because them doing it would not be good for Ben. Lisa definitely knows she is not well. But when you are not well, sometimes its tough to see what the right thing to do is. Nonetheless, Lisa seems to be going in the right direction -- until she isn't, I guess; because while things are volatile, you can't guarantee that they won't flip.   

Whereas with Ben, I'm not sure what is going through his mind because Ben has been taught not to discuss their feelings, and to hide their mental health. Small towns will do that to you, so it's OK -- definitely something to work on, for future reference. But coming on here after they've had a few drinks is not healthy. And I know, it's not easy. It's not like you COULD talk, like you can just elect to do it. If you've been conditioned not to, you'll clam up and literally be unable to talk. And Ben has aborted mission in various ways when I tried. -- It's OK, Ben, it's healthy to talk it out, but if there are more triggers tacked onto that, this is not the time to develop the skill of talking it out. You need to wait until you're healthy to develop that comfort to speak openly. So meanwhile, I'll assume you're not well -- cuz like I can see you're not! -- and deal with it another way. 

Ben likes camping and biking, so these are low-key ways to make him better and I'm taking him out tonight. We'll do some soothing mindfulness.   

Ben doesn't talk about their feelings, but I hope that they will listen. They wrote that I, their current partner, told them that they were overreacting. I didn't, because I also have PTSD and I take it seriously because it's a bitch. What I told Ben is that they are likely in the thick of trauma, and although they need to process their thoughts, feelings, and experiences, they won't get any clarity right now. They need time. And they need to chill. I explained to them that making any attempts to talk to Lisa, whether it is to check that they are safe, or that Ben themselves is safe, will only make things worse for Lisa. It's not fun to prolong this abandonment narrative, that's what prolongs the stress and the unhealthy coping. If Ben could tell Lisa that he is out, for sure and for real this time, and he won't come back, it will hurt but at least Lisa will not fall onto her unhealthy patterns. There won't be a prolonged daily struggle, with triggers rolling in hardcore. There will be just one shitty day, when this comes off like ripping a band aid, and then Lisa can start healing. Lisa needs to develop stable supports that are not a former partner. And when both Lisa and Ben are better, they could even be friends and hang out again, if both of them want to.

And it's really not good for Ben to do this either. Their anxiety is making them survey for oncoming trouble, but that will end up driving up their anxiety. Ben just needs to shut this out for a bit and feel safe. 

And blah, Ben is the person I've been closest with since I separated from my spouse. My spouse was living with major depressive disorder, he was a walking suicide risk who didn't want to talk for shit. His hobby was to lock himself in the bathroom and blow his anger through super aggressive monologues in the mirror; they were sometimes directed at himself and sometimes at me, because you know, to my spouse it was my fault that he was depressed. It scared the shit out of me. I spent the last years of our relationship walking out of the bedroom each morning, wondering if I would find my spouse dead. Then I started waking up in the middle of the night to go check on him. This was after our son was born and he had given up on any kind of intimacy and spent his nights drinking, ruminating, and playing video games. 

After I broke up with my spouse, I dated other people with PTSD and we went on terrifying spirals together until I learned to control that shit. I only date autistic ADHD, and we all have PTSD so it can't be avoided but I am also fucked up in the head because I was abused by my parents. PTSD and trauma are my familiar, so if you have it, it's gonna pull me in like a magnet. It's cool, I read that sharing familiars and working through them together is healing. And at this point in my life, it would be too hard to be with a normal person. I would have to HIDE SO MUCH SHIT. Like, nothing that I am or do will be OK anymore, even if it's not unhealthy or hurtful to me. It's just sad shit that I live with and I think it's fine or can't even see it you know, the healed scars of abuse. But when I'm with someone else like me, I feel I can be myself, and if we're both woke, that we can handle it together and we bond much closer. So, I guess it can be both great and horrible, and I accept that because I've been abused I'll be rope-walking forever, and if I fall over on one side, there'll be healing and compassion, and if I fall over on the other, there will be murder-suicides like above. But cool, I made my bed on the dark side and lie in it.     

I identify as Borderline and I dated a few of us too. It's rough. But it is what it is. The last one, before Ben, really got to me. But through them, I learned how to manage my feelings (and through this book, go read it, go read it now:  [https://www.amazon.ca/Mindfulness-Borderline-Personality-Disorder-Dialectical/dp/1608825655](https://www.amazon.ca/Mindfulness-Borderline-Personality-Disorder-Dialectical/dp/1608825655) ! Get it from the library and read it for free! Stop bitching, you can read a book about mental health, they know you're fucked - that's why you're reading it - and use simple language and keep it short). All I did was my best to be present, and listen to them, and now I don't think it's possible to go off like Lisa. I'm not a stranger to THAT, although my going off has a different flavor to it. So it's all good. If you can muster the strength to be grateful to abusive people in your life, then it's really OK.    

It's tough to live with someone who wants to die. And I don't know why suicide is separate from the concept of death. Suicide is death. If you don't kill yourself, you know what happens? You die. Eventually. And even a 60 years interval is not that big of a deal, compared to say how long the Pleistocene was (IDK, analogies). And there's all sorts of agency involved. It's completely valid to opt to die, no matter what the reason -- your body your right type of deal. And yet the problem with attachment from others is also valid. You will die, but those poor suckers will live on with trauma. They have a few decades to go, and don't particularly want to spend them feeling crappy. Put yourself in their shoes too. 

So, yeah, I guess you can kill yourself but be ethical. Definitely don't fucking abuse someone because you want to die. Like, I'm guessing this is not news to you so why did you get in a relationship? Treat it like coronavirus and keep your distance if you know you are sick.

And if you want to die because you got in a relationship and it didn't work out, apparently normal emotions last for 90 seconds, and if it's persistent and it makes you distressed it means you're stoking the emotions. There's tons of books and therapy that can help you figure out how to not stoke that shit. It gets easier. 

And if your partner wants to die, here's what I learned: apparently you're supposed to let them, holy shit. Our marriage counselor told me that. Our mediators told me that. They said no one can get help unless they wanted it. And I stupidly said "but depression robs you of the ability to want help, what the fuck, you fuck" and I wasn't 100% sure whether they said "yeah it's tough" because they have no idea how fucked up it is to live with it every day, or they have never loved another person, you know. But aaaaall these people eventually told me I should have left my spouse ASAP and that because I didn't, I consented to being abused. I didn't believe it but now it checks out; we've been apart for a few months and the fucker is still alive and thriving -- good for him.   

When I looked up resources for Ben and Lisa, the website I first clicked on said in no unequivocal terms that no one can decide for another person whether they can live or die, so if you got wise enough, after going through this shit, you will be able to read that in your future partners. And if you get an inkling that they might put you in that position where you have to let them die, and you're not up for it, EXIT. EXIT NOW. 

I also read a lot of marriage counseling books after my spouse and I broke up, and - - counter-intuitively -- the ideal scenario in a relationship is independent coexistence. It's about much more than making your suicide plans and having them too. 

IDK. That's it. Hang in there, Ben and Lisa, chill and stop talking to each other for a couple months. Heal. Everything will be OK.