Idk I'm kinda confused and idk what to doHello im 22 and im in a weird place. My life has always been in a dark place but i didnt started dealing with depression till this year. Im usually resilient and able to deal with being alone easily but now it bothers me. I was physically and sexually abused by my adopted father and adopted brothers till i was 15. At 15 i fought my adopted dad and ran away with my little brother. We were put into foster care with a lady who didnt  treat us like family and treated us like we are stray animals. I was able to stay strong in my self and when i was 18 i moved out and was able to take care of my self. I move to a housing for former foster youth with other girls. But not long after my school bought it out to make a parking lot. So i had to get into another place and i did. But this place was horrible and  one day i was almost murdered by a stalker that was following me the weeks previously.  He accidentally killed another girl that was supposed to be me. So of course i was scared and i tried to get help to move me out there but they didnt do anything till my nieghbor died from an over dose and they found out that he was a pimp\drug dealer. On top of that i had to cut of my brother who was doing drugs and prostituting himself because he wasnt listening to me to get help. This messed me all up i didnt want to be noticed by anyone or talk to any one so i stopped dressing i stop going out and i just started gaining weight rapidly. I moved to a new place they same things going but i was going to school and work full time until they moved me to this really nice one bed room apartments in a really nice neighborhood and i even got a job working at warner bros over the summer. But soon after that i began to get depressed and gained even more weight and i didnt like doing the things loved doing and i stopped going to school. I wasnt even happy when my short film that i made at warner bros won 1st place at a movie festival. So i tried dating and i got in to relationship that i didnt want in the beginning and the guys never really liked me so he dumped me 6 months later. After that i began to have super vivid dreams and have the feeling to throw up at certain thoughts and it can be anything nice or bad. I would just get this feeling to throw up. Things just kept spiraling out of control . Im running out of money,its hard to find a job my school stopped giving me finacial aid, my brother calls me and tells me that he has hiv and he is in abusive relationship and also that my adoptive brother murdered his son and im losing the housing that i have soon. The hardest part is that i have to deal with this alone... and idk what to do. 

I want to kill my self but is it even worth it since i wasted so much time being resilient. I dont really have the urge to kill myself but its a lingering thought in the back of my head.