Messed up friendships, therapy, family and my life was full of nothing but hellI really hate life. It's a freaking bitch and most of all I have way too much going on right now.

My girlfriend broke up with me 1 year ago. I actually been trying to move on without her and try to get her back and it was way too hard and we eventually became friends again but obviously, her family doesn't want me and its hard to repair the relationships with her and her family and I don't think they're willing to listen and even give me another chance. There's like nothing I can fucking do.

I'm having a hard time at home and I hate it. I get hassled all the time and its full of bullshit I can't even bear it. I already advocated myself and then I get hassled again... I know it's stupid, but I thought I had a mutual agreement. I know my family cares about me but I don’t feel like I deserve it because all they've been doing is annoying the fuck outta me and not listening.

I even had worse. I went to residential for 2 straight up years after being sent to the hospital by an psychiatrist like 6 fucking times. GG 5 fucking years there. That's more than 1/4 of my damn life and most of my teenage life. I've seen hell, I've been through hell and actually those places had a fucking negative impact on me that It's almost like perm affecting me. Fuck it really. I don't wanna see a place like that again or a staff member doing some kind of stupid shit. All those places actually killed my heart and ultimately got me to this point as well.

I’m feeling like I am very indebted to my friends and family. Every time I try to talk to a friend on Facebook or something, another friend of that friend of mine badmouths me and my friend calls me stupid as well. I fucking hate it like when I was at school I was a outcast and I never got into the fad teenagers are doing and people called me stupid. My friends really can be assholes and I have no other friends to hang out with. I can add that today, I just got betrayed and kicked out of a group. Really like Fuck life and Fuck myself.

Sorry if this is long and not too connected. I pretty sure that it's probably normal here. But I just can’t see things getting any better and I feel like all the mistakes I’ve made are just going to end up making things fucking worse and I actually don't know what the hell to do except to kill myself.
