Don't really want help - Just getting all my thoughts in order.I guess i'll just start from the beginning.

I was born in 1990, to an unstable bipolar diabetic mother who couldn't take care of me. Six weeks later I was adopted. I don't remember anything from that time - but I have seen videos. I looked like an unhappy baby. They just... put me in an electronic swing that rocked me back and forth.

Then I do remember being a kid, getting in trouble for ripping my bottle - pooping in the tub, throwing the dog or hitting the dog... just being a bad kid.

I do remember getting our first dog, she was a  cute puppy and i loved her. I got her when I was 4.

I remember being young, running around in the grass, or laughing and smiling as I ran around the campfire... I remember getting in trouble for various things.

Then I entered preschool. And I was a troublemaker. I stuck rocks up my nose and in m ears - I caught frogs and stuffed them in my friends' pants... We would go out in the wooded area and catch bugs and play where we  didn't belong.
I don't remember much else - there are only bits and flashes of various memories - Sitting at a playskool table because we all were in trouble with our teacher - taking a nap at that young age and being unable to sleep, the room was dark and we were all on Cots and I just stared at the ceiling. I remember the tornado, having to go into the boy's bathroom - I remember playing with my friends on the playground in the concrete area making up stories - watching a huge moth with a scary face on it's wings that scared me for life of bugs - playing with legos or barbies with my friends inside - me going to my friend cassie's birthday party and getting scared of a horse, then a thunderstorm coming - learning my abcs.. not understanding some letters - smelling the leather raincoats and how good it smelled - biting my friend on the back then rubbing my head on the wall and getting a huge scab - hanging out with dad some mornings with his clients at this coffee and breakfast place... drinking chocolate milk... the smell of cigarettes from the bar... the smell of papa's pipe tobacco in his den...

I remember the night terrors... seeing just a black figure over me not knowing it was my parents.

Being really scared when the OKC bombings happened, I thought papa was dead...

Then I was a child. Now I was in kindergarten at the catholic school. I didn't have many friends I don't think - I think everyone generally was okay with me but I stole things from other kids because i was envious and jealous of what they had.

I remember getting in trouble because I traded a kid my dad's watch for something...
I remember ratting on another kid because she brought a knife to school.
I remember being in first grade, and the bookshelf falling on me - we watched that stupid volcano movie that night and i had  nightmares for  weeks.
I remember being at my friend's house - she was my only friend and I treated her like garbage because nobody liked her - and I desperately wanted the other kids to like me.
Most of that time from first grade to fourth grade is a blur - bits and pieces - being at the public pool with my friends, going to various birthday parties - inviting friends over - making art projects for school - making rhymes with our principal - getting sick - getting in trouble - just memorable things.

I remember 9/11. I remember I couldn't stop crying because my teacher was crying - she was crying because her mother had just died unrelatedly - I was crying and was overwhelmed. It's a day I'll never forget... Watching the towers fall... watching the planes fly into the buildings... I'll never forget the dream I had 3 months earlier either... the dream that I believe was a premonition, warning me about 9/11..

I got into trouble and had various emotional problems at school - I wasn't allowed to go to gym with the other kids - I had to go to the counselor's office - and I think this is where my weight problems started because I gained weight pretty quickly during 5th grade, all during that time which I wasn't allowed to go to gym class for some reason I can't remember. I liked my teachers at that time - they were nice to me and found me funny. I felt close to them.

After that we had to move school locations because of the kellogg expansion. I didn't like my 6th grade teacher. She was the volleyball coach but she was mean. I didn't like her and I don't think she liked me.
7th grade was a blur - I did something bad that caused me to change schools. Then I went to allsaints.

I don't remember much from that time either - only that I got into trouble a lot and was frequently in suspension. There are bits and pieces of why I got in trouble - I drew a picture of my math teacher crawling out of a hell pit and it read "don't feed the demel" lol. another one had a gun shooting my computer teacher - Then I graduated and everything was fine I guess things must have been productive because I don't remember much about the 2nd half of 8th grade or that summer or the beginning of highschool even....

When I was in highschool, I started freshman year at catholic school.

I had almost zero friends. Most of my time spent drawing or doing homework I guess - Don't remember much before I moved to public school.

When I moved to public school, usually Monday mornings were filled hanging out by my friends' group in F hall - Overhearing what they did for the weekend while I tried to pry my way into the conversation.
During lunch we would either sit in the cafeteria at our one table, or we would go to M hall near the library.

During that time I felt like I didn't fit in - or like I was trying really hard to fit in. Most of my days were spent drawing in class.

Then J. died.

The night he died I told him to go ahead and do it... there's more to it ... he wanted me to kill myself with him... I could have stopped him but instead I told him that he was being selfish and if he didnt care about hurting any of us to do it... I told him to do it and then he did. It was my fault.

I blamed my self for several years.

I started hanging out with the kids who were J's friends - started smoking cigarettes and eventually ended up doing drugs. And most of my time was spent alone, wishing I were dead. I isolated myself from my friends - started attending raves - who gave a shit about school or work - I just wanted to die and do drugs.

Then I graduated and I don't remember much.

Went to college, got really depressed, was smoking a lot of weed - came home did more drugs - went to more parties - got thin - went to the insane asylum for a while... came back - did more drugs after being sober for a while

Tried going to college a few times - it didn't work out.
Got pregnant, had L.
Was a security guard for a short time, it didn't work out.

Haven't done much since late 2014.

Now I'm the supposed 'director of marketing' of my dad's business.
I draw every now and then, I write a lot - I make animations and I do stupid voice stuff... I've dated and been dumped by men, women... I've lost a lot of friends... I've made new friends that I'm now losing for possibly forever...


And that's it. That's my life. That's what it's been.

I feel like... I wouldn't change it... if I could change myself for the future I would try to lose weight and be more open and understanding and mature in most situations...

But I dond't think I can. I'm almost 30 years old, I'm 26 currently, going to be 27 in the fall.

My life is nowhere near together and it's too late for me to try, or go back to school to be a meteorologist like I want. Everyone else is successful and happy... in relationships and have valuable friendships... but me....
I'm nothing.

I'm nobody. I have no one.

I care about my friends more than they care about me - but instead of simply being happy that I have friends - I long to be included. I long to be a part  of everyone's lives. I want to be as important to them as they are to me... but I'm not.

I'm an option, not a priority.

Earlier I was saying to myself; They should feel lucky and thankful to have a friend like you - they should feel grateful to even know you; you get to choose your friends and cut them out of your life if they're not reciprocating.. - but now ... reality is sinking in. What value do I have beyond just being there? What value do I have beyond being available? To talk, to draw, to listen, to be a part of their life... What value do I have to them?

Nothing.

I'm worthless.

I've resorted to stealing food from the mini mart... just making sure nobody's at the front counter, running in and taking a few things and running out - because I'm a worthless lazy drug addict who will never be  good at nor amount to anything... Maybe I should even want anything from them in return - maybe just being there is enough but they don't really think about showing that to me because I expect it ----

I'm worthless haha

and I'll always be worthless.
My best friend isn't even talking to me anymore because of a drama that happened... now the four of them are hanging out in a different server while I'm here alone. This was two days ago so I figured things are cool now... but a lot of people are still pissed at me... even though the whole situation wasn't really my fault - granted I didn't act the most mature but I was uncomfortable having that one person around... so I asked my best friend to kick him from the group. And  he did. And now everyone's mad at me...

I feel like garbage.

Earlier I asked him if he wanted to hang out. 10 minutes pass. 
I tell him I could plug in my tablet and that we could draw together.
30 minutes pass.
"Are you busy?" I ask him.
20 more minutes pass. He goes idle.

...Oh. Okay.

"Later then :)" I say to him.

I tried talking to his friend.
1:38 am
"Do you wanna hang out? :)"
no response.

15 minutes later...
"Hey i'm in general if you wanna come hang out with your friend :p"
no response.

2:46 am
You still awake?

No response.

I hate myself. I feel like I'm invisible.

The only person I hang out with in the physical world is a 30 year old asshole who smokes weed, works at goodwill, and only likes me because of my ass....

I'm so sick of this.

The way I treat my son and family, the way I treat my friends... I never deserved to be alive... the only people who are alive are supposed to be alive... people with purpose who do good things and deserve good things ... why was I created when god knows I would do nothing but hurt others while amounting to nothing ultimately?

Tuesday is the day I kill myself. Tuesday is the day my life ends forever... And even though I've tried to make contact... Nobody wants me. Nobody wants to be around me. I'm worthless.

I'm going to stop eating after today..

And then Tuesday I'm going to hang myself in my garage. Monday I buy the rope from the hardware store and get the chair from dad's house.

Then i back the car out of the garage, set up the chair, prepare the noose, walk out to the garage and close the garage door so nobody can see...

Then I step up on the chair and secure it to the beam of the garage - placing my neck firmly in the noose making sure that my feet can't reach the ground when the chair falls from beneath my feet.
Then.. I tip the chair.. and hang.. I don't care if I simply suffocate to death instead of my neck breaking, it's what I deserve.

If I had a shotgun, I would take myself out that way. I wouldn't hesitate... but I don't have those means available....

..Nobody cared about me when I was alive... they certainly won't care when I'm dead. 



I'm done living. I never was worth much anyway.