I want to die before this weekend ends.I'm waiting to go back to my old home to pack up the rest of my things to bring to my new place. I lost everything because I escaped abuse from my ex &amp; my so-called 'best friend'. Both of them had continually emotionally abused me for months. Now 'this best friend' comes over to my old house freely when I'm not there. It had caused me to check into a mental hospital a month ago. Because of this, I had voluntarily left my own home and moved out of the city with my friend so I could get away. But this has been the lowest I've been in my life. I miss my house- I just renovated 3 bedrooms so my boyfriend and I could have our own studies. I miss my cats. He made me want marriage, babies, and a loving life. Now I am broke, barely have any supplies and is living off of scrapes. My stomach is currently grumbling but I have no money for food. I'm hungover because my meal was booze last night. In a new city that's massive I cannot find a job for the life of me. I don't feel like life is fair. Leaving an abusive relationship hasn't made me stronger- It had left me with nothing, and my life now is tearing me apart. I feel completely powerless. I had tried to beg him to go to couple's counselling, fix everything, because he is my last chance for love. He had been my savior when I was sexually abused by my father and lost my home because he was arrested. But my ex had turned into someone I don't even know anymore. Valentine's Day was yesterday, and I got drunk &amp; cried too much. I blew up on my best friend because I didn't want to have friends over and drink- I just wanted to be told I'm loved and be held. My heart aches every waking second. I don't know why I'm begging for him back- I don't even know what's right anymore. 4 years went down the drain. We've made so much together. I know he's a good person deep down &amp; I want to help him get better. I don't even know anymore. I'm not young and dumb, I'm just at wits end with everything. I'm beginning to actually plan my own suicide. But, I want to make sure everything is assorted properly and it can be painless, liberating, and free of stress during. I see him today, but I'm not sure if it'll be the last, because the thought of dying makes me smile. It's becoming some strange euphoria to me now, and I'm chasing this feeling pretty hard now. I said to my best friend last night that I wanted to die, but I'm not sure if he took it as serious as I have been. I love my family, my friends, but I don't think I can do it anymore. Call me selfish but I can't live a life like this. I don't know how to get out of this hole.