Reflections after a trip home (Long)On my trip back home, I realized something. People only want to see me with the mask, not the real me. No one wants to see the real me.

My parents ask me how I am doing. The mask says “I am doing fine.” The real me thinks about suicide on a weekly or sometimes daily basis.

My parents ask me when I am going to have children and how they are looking forward to having grandchildren. The mask just laughs and says “some day maybe.” The real me goes  “WTF? I hate children. Even if you meet someone, you wont be raising a child. You hate them.” 

People force me to talk about the future with joy through the mask. The real me asks what future? What joy? I cant see a future past next month.

I had some joy watching a friend graduate and being there for the joy as he has been there for both my joy and my sadness. He has seen behind the mask but not nearly enough for him to understand it. Also when he saw what is behind it, he basically told me to put my mask back on.

Then he blows of plans that we made for later on in the evening and this was supposed to be the last hooray before he moves across the country and he deserts it. It is the story of my life.

People ask how I am enjoying my new location. The mask says that it is great and I am loving it. The real me hates it and wants nothing more to return to the previous location with friends.

People ask me what my most memorable call was in my new job. I am in emergency services. They don’t want the most memorable call. They want the funniest call. The most memorable call is one that I try to forget on a daily basis. The mask tells a funny antidote about some guy and a lamp. The real me tries to force the sound of the child’s voice out of my head.

People ask me how I do it. For the first time, the mask and the real me agree on something. We don’t know. 
I don’t know how I am able to get out of bed in the morning. I don’t know how I am able to go to work every day. I don’t know how I am able to take the constant abuse from my supervisors. I don’t know how I am able to go to classes for my masters. I don’t know how I do any of these things.

Possibly the biggest mystery of all is how I am still alive. I have thought many times at night about killing myself since last September. I have had about 10 iterations if a plan that I have just adapted and changed as my situation has changed, as well as my preferences.

Thinking about the plan is weirdly comforting. It feels like a safety hatch that can be pulled at any point. It feels comforting to know that I can end my misery at any point of my choosing. It feels both like a nice warm blanket and a parachute wrapped into one.

Maybe that it what keeps me going. Just the thought that I am not stuck. I have a way out, weirdly makes me want to keep going. If things get worse, I can always just pull the trigger. It allows me to go to sleep at night and it gives me courage. 

If my life gets any more fucked up because of a decision that I made, then I can bail. It allowed me to stand up to my boss. If I get fired, so what? If I drive risky and kill myself in a car? It was an “accident” and they are sparred the grief.

While it spurs me on, it also makes me miserable. 
I still want to die.

I still think about my death and how much better off the world would be without me. My life sucks and I just want everything to end as quickly as possible. I want out of this shit show that we call “life” and just want something different.
 
I want things to get better, but it never seems that they do. So why hope for them to? Expect the worse from every situation and everyone and you will never be disappointed.
 
TL;DR. Reflections on a recent trip back home about how I am still alive. Yet I don’t want to be and the not caring spurs me on.