I hate it.I don't like writing on this sub Reddit. I don't like asking for help. I hate it. I hate thinking that I have a problem. I hate that people will read this and type me messages about how I will be okay. 

No scratch that. I hate that I KNOW I have a problem. I hate I have the same problem that my dad has. The same problem that locks him in a room for days. The problem that allowed him to think it was okay to tell his daughter that he is so ready to leave this world and he hopes that it happens sooner than later. I hate that there will be people who read this post. Maybe people will just ignore me, and honestly, that's what is scaring me the most before posting this.

I have mostly good nights, but my bad nights are slowly growing in numbers. I can't even tell you why I'm sad most of the time. I just lay in bed and cry. I honestly hate it. It makes me so mad because I want a reason to be upset so I can fix the problem and move on. The majority of the time I have my bad nights, you won't find me on this subreddit typing my heart in a post for a stranger to approve. I would feel that I did not have a reason to do so. Tonight is a different kind of bad night. Tonight, I have lost myself completely. Everything that I have ever loved to do, I have lost interest in. Drawing. I loved to draw but since I moved out of my parents house about 2 years ago, I can count on one hand how many times I've picked up a pencil. Tonight I have come to the conclusion that i only drew to hear my dad say "wow, you are so talented. You're  amazing." If he isn't  telling me that. No reason to keep doing it, right?Gaming.i used to love playing games and spent most of my time on my computer. Since I started dating, I have lost the skills I once possessed and lost every friend I made in that cyber world. I lost everyone and my virtual world because my boyfriend was too important. 

And The list goes on. Reading, writing, tv, YouTube. Gone. The drive to pursue my hobbies has disappeared and I have no one to blame but myself in all honesty. I wish I could blame my boyfriend or my family, but it was me who chose to stop playing my games and talk to friends because I thought hanging out with the man I supposedly loved was more interesting. I stopped drawing and writing because I'm too lazy. Why even write this. why not end everything. I don't the answer. I'm going crazy with how empty I am. I have started to ramble. i apologize to everyone who attempted to read this. 