i don't think i'll ever be happyi'm not sure where to begin with this

as the title says, i've recently come to terms with the fact that i don't truly matter to anyone. nobody really cares about me, or if they somehow do, they have a bizarre way of showing it because each and every day i'm slowly staring to realise that i could kill myself and nobody would notice.

the worst part is that i'm not *alone*. that's the thing. but i can't stand being alone and my bpd makes me overthink if someone doesn't talk to me for more than a week or so. i've never had a best friend. i've never been in a relationship, i've been on one pity date, nobody has ever had a crush on me. nobody has ever thought "wow, i'd really love to be her friend." i disappear on twitter for days at a time and nobody notices. i could stop showing up to my lectures and the only ppl who'd notice are my lecturers. i have no presence in anybody's life and it pains me so much that i'll be completely forgotten once i kill myself. i'd be surprised if anyone even *noticed*, and if they did, they'd hardly care. it's such a sad reality and i can physically feel the weight of my lungs caving into each other whenever i think about the fact that i don't truly matter. to anyone.

i've been so suicidal over the past year or so. i've never been diagnosed with anything, which probably makes it worse, because i don't know whether i have a mental illness or i'm just overly sensitive. i go through cycles where i'll be perfectly normal, able to function etc and then other times when i'm hit by a low mood, going non-verbal, barely talking to anyone and not bothering to leave my room. it's been like this for over two years, and i just. i don't know what's wrong with me. i have absolutely no self confidence, i hate myself!!!!! i'm completely repulsed by myself and i'm not afraid to say it. nobody likes me and nobody misses me and i only had two birthday wishes this year from ppl who aren't my immediate family. it sucks, but i guess that's a given, seeing as i'm completely unlikable.

honestly, as much as it hurts, i'm not surprised that i'm alone. i mean, i look like a stubbed toe, i have a revolting personality, i'm awkward, i'm difficult to be around, i push people away and then cry about being alone, yet i give and give and give so much love, only to receive absolutely nothing in return. i take refuge in writing, but that doesn't matter, because i'm a terrible writer and everything i write is a complete flop. my non-verbal periods make it seem like i'm not interested, which only pushes people away even more, and in the end, they stop trying. and now, i've stopped trying, too, because i'm nineteen years old, yet here i am, forever alone with nobody but my fairy lights to keep me awake until 3am. 

i think about suicide every damn day. i think about how much better the world would be if i no longer existed, if i was no longer suffering the way i am, if i didn't have to face the sad truth that i'm not important to anyone and that i'll never amount to anything. 

i've tried to hold on. trust me, ***i've tried***. i've tried and tried and now i'm just so damn tired. i'm done. it's over. there's no hope for me, and if i wasn't so scared, i'd do whatever it takes to end my life so that i don't have to see my sorry excuse of a face every fucking day. there's nothing left for me here and i don't know what to do.

i don't know what to do.

.

i don't think i'll ever be happy

i'll never be happy