there's nothing you could say that would make me feel any differentand i don't want you to try. i guess i'm just making this post to say that i've  accepted that no matter what my life is like, i won't feel better. no matter how many friends i have, no matter how i look... i'll still be miserable. 

people say it gets better, but there's no proof that will truly happen. what does better even look like? i know that as long as i'm in my body, being the person i am, i will not get anywhere close to healing or "better".

i've reached past the point of active suicidal behavior. i'm not in critical danger. i'm just living every day in a fog, hoping i won't wake up as myself or hoping i won't wake up at all. i only feel happy when i'm completely distracted.

i wonder why society doesn't mind if i kill myself slowly. you know, eat shitty foods, waste my life with mindless consumption, numb myself down with unhealthy behaviors until i die of heart disease. but the thought of me wishing for a less painful and quicker way out is abhorrent? 

the worst part of all this might be the fact that i know i'm not that awful of a person. from an objective lens, i see some good qualities. i know i have a lot of love in my heart, even if it's hidden a lot of the time. i really care for others. i have a girlfriend who means everything to me. and if i ever make a friend again, i know i will try as hard as i can to show that person nothing but endless compassion. but what does it matter? i could be the most selfless person in the world, and i'd still be in pain. i would still hate who i am. why am i supposed to continue suffering? how come i don't get a say?

i used to have so many hopes and dreams. now i just feel really stuck. and yes, i know my current situation isn't permanent. but the brain i have is. and it will follow me wherever i go. that's why i know nothing can make it better. believe me, i've tried.

thank you reading. i just needed to vent somewhere and i'm glad to have this space.