Could this be depression, or something temporary?Hey community. I just wanted to ask people some things that I always wanted the answers to.

So, some background story, So few minutes ago, my mom and I screamed at each other because during dinner, I made a half-joke-half-truth statement saying that I didn't like going camping with her friends because I hate them. My mom got very mad, and she started lecturing me on how that was what an trashy attitude I have and how big of a trash I am for saying those things (I should mention at this point that I am a 16 year old Korean guy, so I will try to translate the statements that my mom and I made during the argument to the best of my ability) Then I told mom in an annoying way that she told me that before and I didn't want to hear it. At that point, my mom lost it and she started screaming, swearing and hitting me (this happens very often, but she doesn't hit me with a baseball bat or anything, just slapping my head most of the time) and at this point I was very angry too and I started defending myself physically and verbally by blocking her with my arm and saying that it was a joke and that she makes even more offensive jokes. My mom starting saying things such as, "You fucking bitch, you are a fucking trash and you are not human, and you will never become human ever again" Then as she was attempting to slap me again, I blocked hard and I hit her arm and my mom made a pained sound. Then she starting accusing me of hitting my own mother and started swearing and screaming again. And something to take note is that she is not being aggravated from nothing, I am continuing to make rude remarks and frowning enough to make her mad. She started continually slapping my head, quite hard, as I stop defending myself. I was so mad at her that I could've punched her in the face if I was ever allowed to. Then that thing continued for few minutes and my mom goes back to the kitchen and screaming insults and profanities. If I make any sound that might give a hint of retaliation, she would come back and start yelling at me. After she went upstairs and things got quiet, I started daydreaming about killing myself and googling ways to die without pain.

For the last few weeks, I have been experiencing increase in depressing thoughts, daydreaming of my death and imagining what would happen when I die, and I also have been on verge of tears for no apparent reason. And I am not sure if this is depression, or just something else
So I wanted to know if I possibly have depression, or whatever. And if I do have depression, I want some advice on how to go around telling my mom about my depression without her calling it BS, and how to go around treating depression without involvement in any suicide prevention therapy stuff.

TL;DR: I got in fight with mom, I feel suicidal. Have been having negative thoughts lately. Is it depression? If so, how can I tell my mom?

Sorry for the crappy format, and the confusing wordings. And thanks in advance in helping.
Also, please don't criticize my mom, because although she is mean to me most of the time, she isn't all that bad.