nothing to look forward to so I'm a freshman in college, I've haven't been to a doctor for mental heath since i was 10 and that was only so they could use my therapy sessions for a custody case and when i was like 6 for ADHD (which my mom took me off the meds for). I've had bad depression and have been at least passively suicidal for the past 10 years.what i mean by that is i barely remember anything from my teen years its just a blur but i remember feeling like shit the whole time) it was worst when i was around 16 or so i would take more medicine than i needed to, not look before crossing the road etc along with actively planning to die for a few months before i had to go to my dads house and it subsided for a month. 

its been pretty bad since then but i thought leaving my moms would end my problems. but it's been worse than ever. in may a couple days with my grandparents overstimulated me to the point i actually begged my mom not to make me stay with them while they finished their visit and to where i straight up told her i was suicidal and she didn't do anything. (i dont even talk to her about my problem since she just gaslights me so thats a big thing for me.)in July i got a job at mcdonalds for a month before quitting because i'd get overstimulated and go to the bathroom to cry a couple times a day not mentioning before and after work too. now I'm attending classes and I'm usually pretty attentive and hardly miss classes but something happened and now I've missed 2 weeks of classes and I'm starting to think about killing myself again lol. 

i cant keep missing class and I'm afraid ill get too deep and try to kill myself. i feel like since i moved out of my moms house a dam broke? honestly i never used to cry the only time i remember from my teen years that i cried in public was when i was in that bad depression at 15 and my stepdad yelled at me on the way to school (which was usual but that time it was really bad). now i feel like i do it all the time and i feel like such a pussy for giving up and crying so often. i hate it. I thought getting away from my mom would make it better. i even said to a friend at graduation that if i wasnt graduating this year i would probably be dead. but it just made it so i have nothing to look forward to. i have no end goal and when i look at the future the only way i can see myself getting out of this cycle of being broke and failing classes is dying. i hate having to get help from family members for income i wish i could just go to class and work a job and pay my bills like a regular person. 

i dont know how to get help i talked to a friend about admitting myself but i read that they need insurance and my mom wont let me use her insurance and i cant afford it. i called a suicide hotline but they said to just make an appointment with a psychologist but i don't know how i don't know how this works I'm scared of hospitals and doctors but i need something to help me i literally cannot function im ruining my fucking life.

TL;DR failing classes, cant get a job, cant afford doctors, nothing to look forward to anymore and no way to get help