I'm seen as a Drone for society to peg me up the ***All we are are drones to be used to keep society some-what functioning for the big boys up on top of that pyramid. It's human nature for humans to fuck over other humans for personal gain, and now it's going so far to the point where institutions and corporations around the world are destroying our beautiful planet for short term gain.

It's awful, we're doomed, we're completely fucked. No one has a drop of empathy for the home planet of their own species. Everyone turns a blind eye towards faith to God, the government, or maybe a bit of both. Everyone is so ego centric, giving up a little bit of convenience or modifying their culture in any way at all to help out the planet is just too much to ask from most people. 

We're in the midst of a mass extinction and the only thing anyone gives a shit about is money, social status, or other stupid shit feeding into their overweight ego. We're the most intelligent species on the planet. We are the care givers of the planet, not some magical fairy God that loves everyone. This is humanity's last stand, and history repeats itself once again, one last time.

My first job at fast food, I was kept labeled as a worker in training for the whole four months just so they can pay me less to do all the grut work like cleaning all the stoves and dishes everyday while other chilled on their phones for down time. 

My second job at a restaurant, my shifts as a dishwasher or busboy would always get cut off to be given to some family members of the restaurant that think it's okay to slack off because they're family and they know they won't get fired.

I just got a third job at a local warehouse, I was told a 300 dollar bonus to help clean the warehouse because it was shutdown for a month or so because of corona. Being the only young worker there, I worked my ass off constantly moving 8 hours a day coming in Saturdays too. I was lied to and given a 100 dollar bonus. He probably pocket the other $200 because I'm so easy to be fucked with. I'm thinking of quiting tomorrow because that's bullshit. 

The American politcal system is a system only designed for two parties to compete but in reality we all know both parties are working together to once again fuck over the people for personal coporate gain. Everyone focuses on the president but not many point out that he's just a puppet with strings to be pulled by the elites. 

I hate my friends because they're all pieces of shit I met in highschool that would never give the slightest shit for what I have to say about anything. Anytime I'm not at home I have to put on the costume society gives me and act nothing like my true self at work or with friends. Maybe I should get better friends that do care about the stuff I say but school is over because I graduated and it's hard to make friends lol. 

Who knows, maybe there is nothing wrong with the world, but there's only stuff wrong with me, but I wouldn't think so. Everyone believes what they cannot see, and everyone looks away from what's really in front of them and deludes themselves for comfort. 

I don't think I'm wrong, I really don't. I think the whole world is wrong and fucked up rather than I am. But then again it's natural for people to always think they're right. I'm thinking I'm correct right now but maybe I'm totally wrong and the world is sunshine and rainbows after all but I doubt it.

It's a shame narcissm over rides empathy in evolution, it is our ultimate downfall. I've been contemplating Suicide for maybe 2 years now and that's not good for how young I am (18). 

The biggest reason why I'm deciding to stick around is because my mother is the only person on the planet that listens to what I really have to say about things and the world. I'm also aware of a mother's natural love for her children and I would never want to cause that much mental pain to the only person who doesn't see me as a cog in the machine. The only person I see that isn't insane or mental. The only person that cares about me. Once my mom goes, I go because then there will be nothing stopping me from escaping this prison evolution forced upon me.

I can see myself killing myself one day, I can't go on for another 30, 40, 50 + years. Who knows if humanity will even live that much longer given the state of the environment and how much technology is increasing. I'd only stick around to see that so I can laugh at how shock people are that it really is the end lmao.