I want to die, but am too scared of most methodsI often have thoughts of killing myself, and one of the few things that helps is looking at gore. It may be weird, but it sets my mind straight and helps me appreciate life. It also makes me fear most methods of suicide. But tonight, I've been struggling with an exam, and its the silliest reason, but it brought back all of my old thoughts and feelings. There is a lot in life to love, hobbies, SO's, family. But everything with me seems to fade away. 

My hobbies always change, and I can't stand the thought that history shows for me that in a few months I'll abandon my novel and move on to some other silly quest for success in a limitless field that is always just slightly too boring or difficult for my tastes. 

I've never had a girlfriend, I'm 22, never been kissed really, and day by day, my self-pity becomes self-loathing mixed with lies that I don't care anymore. I try to harden myself to what I am, someone who has had many chances to have a girlfriend or date a girl that liked me and that I liked as well. But those times were years ago, and now I am at a new school for just one semester before I graduate, and everyone has their own little clique and I just can't fit in. My friends are all moved away or stopped getting in touch with me. The only people I talk to is family really. I feel empty inside, and the only thing that keeps me sane is writing and reading, which as I already said, will probably cease to be a real hobby of mine in the near future.

I just can't stand living, right now. My cravings grow every second that I think about school or work or student loans. I want nothing more than to blow off this exam, buy some cough syrup and go to town on that shit. I don't even know why I like it. Last time I used it I drank 6 bottles, although I did throw up at the end, and blacked out for a few hours. It is literally just a way to make time disappear, and is not enjoyable in any way. It's just a habit that I've developed, with no real reason to it except I'm addicted. And the fact that I still get goosebumps from thinking about it kills me. I just want it all to be over with. I feel worthless and as if I am just another average person. I am a no name that will be lost in the pages of history as just another man that never did anything other than sit on my ass and read. God I hate myself.