Having a hard time seeing the point and the purpose...Sorry, this is a long post and I am having a hard time organizing my thoughts.

I don't know what to do, I am finally in university and I feel like my high school burnout is creeping in again...  like I have this goal, to eventually stop humans' impact on animals and the environment.  And I just don't know if I have the strength to follow this to the end.  Do these animals care that I do this?  Like of course they care in that they have their autonomy and they wouldn't be stuck in factories, crammed and watching their babies die.  But are they happy, do they need to be?  I don't know.

I wish there was an apocalypse that slowly wiped everyone out, and left the world without humans.  It would be even better if they became filled with happiness as they were leaving; it seems to me that humans main goal is to be happy/fulfilled.  I don't know if pursuing animal liberation would make me happy, but it feels like something that must be pursued. I can't do this if I'm depressed all the time...

To my earlier point, I am depressed again.  It is like the end of high school, when I started burning out and questioning myself and what was left.  I tried to kill myself the summer after.  I was embarrassed and ashamed to be found as I was; I got handcuffed and sat on a chair with the fucking cops reading my journal right then and there. It was humiliating, all the more because this was the place that I worked in and loved.  And I was ashamed to let down my family, I suppose.  

But now I am starting to burn out again, first period of university.  I enjoy what I learn for the most part, but it is hard to think about it all in a cohesive way.  Like why should I work on this essay for Friday, why should I put forth the effort just to live, when I could gamble and check out the other side?  For a long time now, things like solipsism and consciousness and lucid dreaming have been really important in my worldview.  The idea that I'd wake up factored into my first suicide attempt a lot, honestly.  I kinda had/have this idea that somehow, if I were to become conscious enough of every thought and action, I would be able to actualize myself and realize that I am always dreaming.  Life could just be one big lucid dream that I could remould as I see fit.  Why not try the other obvious way and slash my throat or hang myself, and see how death really is?  But I am scared of failing again, scared that it might be worse.

I just wish I had someone to talk to, to reveal every thought and secret with, to hug when I feel sad.  I've never been one to especially initiate friendships; it's easier to make friendships when you have an otherwise reason to be working with someone.  Like just hanging out for the sake of hanging out feels so dubious to me: you never know if the other person is just humoring and putting up with you or if they genuinely enjoy your presence, so why should I risk wasting their time?  Or conversely, I sometimes put up with people who I secretly get quite annoyed at.  Or I come to really like someone, but I am unsure if I really just want to be friends with this person or be in a romantic relationship with them, or both or a mixture.  And I have let people crush on me, I don't know if I led them on?  -- but I ultimately haven't been in a relationship.  Maybe I am the shit person.  

A few times I have opened up about certain things, like when I told a friend about my suicide attempt, and that I was trans too.  Am I being manipulative when I do this?  I feel like maybe I am: no one really wants to hear about a sad depressed person, it brings you down.  Plus I think they came to understand it as me just being manipulative -- I mean, they were queer themselves and had hinted at some bits of the depression in the past, so they thought I was just using this as leverage in forming a closer relationship.  I mean maybe subconsciously I was doing that, I don't know, but I was just feeling super depressed about not talking with anyone about my issues, and they seemed like the safe person to talk to. This worry of being manipulative bothers me nowadays too. 

I don't really trust therapists, and I'm kinda scared of a suicide hotline (probably don't even have enough money on my phone to sustain a call with one, haha), so who should I turn to to tell how I feel?  I told my mom a little about some of it, but I can only tell her so much as I don't want to worry her, especially when she is an ocean away.  I've met a few friends who have been nice and listened to some of my woes before, but I don't know if it would be fair to burden them with a suicidal person's writings.  And of course there is always the risk they call the cops on you, and I *do not* want that to happen again.

Another thing that perhaps has been influencing my mood has been my experimenting with more drugs since I got here.  I have tripped three times on truffles so far: first time was generally fun and just listening to music, second time was an all-night hell of nausea and paranoia, third brought back a bunch of memories and made me homesick.  (Also I got drunk for the first time yesterday, ugh.)  But I feel that these trips kind of changed me in a way, or at least made me more aware of some things.  I don't know if that is worth getting into at the moment.

Really I don't know what to do.  I have an essay this Friday and an exam next Monday (not that I really worry about exams) and a group presentation next Thursday.  I just am having a hard time with why I should keep living, and it is a fucking pain.  I probably left out some things I meant to say, maybe I will think of it later.