I got a job, but I am horrifiedI got an entry level IT position in a nearby city. By all accounts, I should be happy. Starting my career in a place that I wouldn't mind living in the rest of my life. Solid pay, and I am not even out of college yet.

That's part of the issue I suppose. How am I suppose to handle a full-time job and a full class schedule? I can barely handle my class schedule now. I have been trying to get disciplined for years now, but, like most, I want to change but it doesn't happen.

Then there's the fact that this is the start of "real" life in which I spend 40 hours a week at a place I don't want to be. It's not that I dislike IT, it's that I dislike jobs in general. I feel as much satisfaction working on servers as I did flipping burgers. Sure, I prefer IT as it smells less, and the subject is more interesting. Still, it's 40 hours a week during the best times of the day wasting away so I can afford living life. I wont have the time to spend the money, but at least I will have it I guess. I don't know, I value my time immensely, and 40 hours is a lot of time.

Another issue -- social life. I have none at college, but at least it has opportunities there. I joined clubs, and I have been attempting to go to more events. While none of it has worked, at least there's a chance to make friends or find a girlfriend. Now, in "real" life, there are no real opportunities. I am almost 25

Another huge issue is my discipline problem in general. My lack of discipline means I wont really improve. I can never pass CompTIA A+, CCNA, or whatever because I can't put in even a minute of studying time. This will catch up to me eventually. It's almost catching up to me in terms of grades. This is the fire at the end of the tunnel, and it is inching its way towards me. My only option is to jump (kill myself) off the ledge behind me.

I really don't know what to do. I have tried various forms of therapy, medication, self-help, and so on. Nothing has worked, and I feel like ending it before it gets worse.