I want to die and I don't know what to do anymoreI apologize for any mistakes I make in advance for english isn't my first language. 

I'm a 16 year old girl. I've been struggling with depression for a while now, but never really had a strong urge to kill myself. But half a year ago it suddenly got really bad because of school. For the past half year I went to school for half the day and the other half I spend alone, studying and being afraid of which ever exam was going to be next. I don't have any friends because I live in a very secluded area and even if I had the time, there would be no one around to spend it with. 
Now this in itself is already bad enough but it got worse. 
For the past year the only person that brought me joy was my boyfriend. I really love him and I always felt loved by him and that relationship gave me enough strength to keep going. To see him on the weekends was what brought me through the week. He was and is the only person I ever felt really loved by. 
But over the past few months he changed. He didn't want to spend time with me anymore and he didn't tell me certain things. Also he got really mean and ignorant at times. 3 weeks ago he finally told me the reason for his behaviour. He told me that he doesn't really love me anymore and that he only associates bad feelings with me because I always talked to him when I was sad or upset. He also said that he doesn't have any friends because of me because I wanted to spend too much time with him. 
Now he says that he needs some time without me to figure out his feelings and decide if we can ever get back together. 
This hurts me so much, I've never felt so much pain in my entire life. I fucking ruined my life by being a selfish bitch and by not being able to take care of him. Everytime I even think about that I most likely lost him, I feel like I'm going to vomit. 
I hate myself so much for not being able to stay with him and I really think I will not be able to forgive myself in the near future. 
I am just a fucking weak human being. 
And I don't know what to do anymore. I only have enogh strength to keep going if I know that he is going to stick with me but I don't know that and he doesn't know either. 
I really just want to give up now. One of my only reasons to not commit suicide in the past was, that I didn't want him to have to deal with this. But now that I know that it wouldn't really bother him too much, I feel very drawn to finally do it. I know I'm young and that my problems may seem very immature and like nothing compared to the other things people describe on this subreddit, and I am sorry for that. I just don't know who I should talk to anymore. I won't see my therapist for 2 weeks, I can't talk with my family and my boyfriend is sick of hearing about how I'm feeling. 

Thank you for reading this