I can't do anything right.I am a lonely and unattractive male. I lost the girl of my dreams who I had known for two years when she recently broke up with me for the second time. She was so beautiful and smart and she was tall and elegant and her family was very nice to me, they always helped me when  I was having problems with depression and their house was always a happy place for me. She broke up with me and we cried together for about two hours and then I went home because she wanted me to leave. I send her little messages telling her that she looked beautiful in class or something nice like that but she has turned off her read receipts on iMessage, won't answer my messages, and has blocked me on a lot of sites online. I gave her flowers and her favorite candy a little love letters and all sorts of things all the time but she told me that she wasn't happy in our relationship and that she didn't love me. I don't know why she wasn't happy in our relationship or why she didn't love me but hearing that made me wish I was dead. She told me that if we stayed together that she would still dump me at the end of the school year because she wanted to be able to do whatever she wanted with guys over the summer and that if she DID want me back she would take me back at the start of the next school year. I immediately declined and she then dumped me. I regret my decision more than anything. I loved her with my heart and soul and my only motivation to live right now is the thought that maybe she will take me back someday. I really miss her but whenever I see her in public or in class and she's not with me I just want to cut myself. I don't want to lose her. I miss her so much. She is the only person that made me feel even the slightest bit good about myself and now she's gone. I don't have anyone aside from my parents to hang out with and I just wish I was dead. I can't function without her. She was my reason to get out of bed in the morning. She was my sunshine. 
In addition to losing this girl my grades have taken a nose dive and my academic success is in jeopardy given that I live long enough to see graduation. My parents are very mean to me about my grades and my dad makes me cry a lot because he tells me that i'm a fuck up and that I won't succeed. He also refuses to have me medicated for my severe depression despite my therapists recommendations. Another thing that sucks is that the type of sadness and frustration I am feeling is deep and dry and I can't cry it out for some reason. It's just embedded into my soul and I can't get it out. I miss Sarah. I hate being so sad. I don't see myself ever being happy with or without her honestly but I still wish she were here to give me a hug or kiss or cuddle with me because I could at least smile then. 
I have 25 5/500mg pills of Vicodin in my bag and a note. I think i'm going to dispose of myself tonight. I see no reason in living and I see no light at the end of the tunnel. Life doesn't seem to be anything but hell right now. I just miss Sarah more than anything in the world. I miss her so much. 