I found healing after suicideI’ve decided to come out with my suicide and abuse story. I know there’s a lot of people suffering from the struggle, I suffered almost 30 years of that. I came out of it, here’s my story.

I was born into a decent home life on the outside but I admit, my home life behind closed doors was not exactly happy. There was abuse, all kinds of it, mental to physical. My mom used to have mental damages due to her messed up childhood but I did not know about what she endured until I was in college so for years I just thought we hated each other for no real reason. She was a good parent with providing material necessities and medical care and such but because I was not the child she understood, she hated me. I was labeled “difficult”, “just like grandma”, and “a pill”, and so on.

I was told I would grow up to be a problem, that I would be just like my emotionally damaged grandmother, I was beaten, screamed at, belittled, even threatened at home and if I did anything to anger my parents they would hold a grudge on me for days and snub me and reject me. In my teenage years around 14, I tried to slit my wrists. I was so miserable and felt so unaccepted and I loved that I began to damage my body on purpose. I had lost it. I know people claim teenagers are just hormonal angsty kids but I believe they are human beings who feel when hurt. They should not be degraded as mere emotional creatures.

For years, the abuse and rejection continued, and I was still labeled the problem in the house. I entered my 20s and went to college and anytime I tried to voice my feelings and thoughts at home I was mocked and told I was just crazy, or selfish, or something else. I never truly did get to be me. The depression got worse and worse and the anger inside me was so bad it lowered my immune system so I got sick more, for longer, and faster too. I began to use college as an outlet for the arts and to stay away from home as long as possible and even though I was working hard, my parents would subject me to torture and threatened me to “come home early” or they’d throw me out, lock me out, destroy my things, etc. I would get at least ten phone calls and texts a night demanding I go home or else they would do something to me, and I started to drown them out by drinking with classmates and smoking pot to calm my anxiety, which was so bad I used to vomit daily.

In 2010, I had enough, and I wanted to die. I got into one last fist fight with my mom because she was angry at me for maintaining my own choices and we boxed each other, I won. I was studying MMA too. I left the house at age 22 and moved into a friend’s house with his family for a while and my mother and I didn’t speak for almost more than 2 years. During that time, I began to binge drink, blacking out often anywhere and with anyone I could get alcohol from. I lost the will to live. I even quit making art.

I remember I lost my appetite due to emotional damages and stress and eating was not doable anymore. Any bit of food I took in came right back up. My body didn’t want to continue either. I lay in bed for days and slept as much as I could, refusing food, throwing up water, crying for hours every time I woke up and stealing sleeping pills to take to try to keep sleeping more. I wanted to die in my sleep. I kept away from friends and loved ones, I was taking liquid NyQuil with liquor and beer and trying to never wake up again. I really was done. I just gave up.

Then, what happened next was probably the only silver lining for me. My friend’s kid brother came to me one day with a terrarium and a big orange caterpillar in it. He knew I liked insects and butterflies and he gave it to me as a gift. It was the ONLY thing I still liked. I decided to thank him and kept the bug beside me in the room and it served as a distraction for the time being. I loved seeing caterpillars change, so I decided to get up a bit and last long enough to see what it would become. That was my reason to keep living - a little worm.

Days went by and I noticed a shift of things in my life - strangers were giving me food, clothes, money, and I actually went outside for the first time in weeks and felt the sun on my skin. I needed to shower too, weeks without showering was harsh. I kept seeing butterflies in my windows and in the yard. I told myself I would love to see what my worm became. Four weeks later, it became a chrysalis. I was absolutely amused. It made me happy to see my changeling in the terrarium hanging from the ceiling. It made me forget about the pain and the sickness enough to where I could start eating again but it was painful. Alcohol damages.

I needed to gain weight again too. I was below 100 lbs. I was pale and sickly. I had damaged my teeth too, so they needed some work. By the time another four weeks went by, someone had offered me a badass painting job at a lawyer’s office and I worked my ass off, ignoring my family problems and my self hate and just making art. My chrysalis had opened too, and out popped a giant tiger swallowtail. It was the ONLY thing at the time that erased whatever turmoil I kept wrestling with. To see something so small made me so happy. Happiness was something I had forgotten until that day.

Fast-forward another ten years and now I’m 32, married, pregnant with a baby girl and I have a home to live in. I am surrounded by gardens, trees, and various animals. My family has come around and we’ve gotten help over the years from counseling and my mother has worked on herself enough to know where she went wrong. She admitted it. I understand her childhood was screwed up too. I understand more about life than I ever have and now I understand myself. I’ve come to terms with me as I am. Was it easy? No, obviously not. There were challenges to overcome. There was pain to sort out. There were fears to face. There was so much to unpack it seemed endless but here I am, standing up again. I know what it’s like to sit in the bottom of a hole in the ground with nothing and no one and no hope. I know what it’s like to experience organ damage from so much stress and pain. I know what it’s like to cry so bad your eyes bleed and your teeth start to rot from binging and vomiting. I won’t say it gets better just because it does, that’s not the truth. It can get better if we make choices to MAKE it better from WITHIN ourselves first. Others may never change, other times they do, but when we press on we eventually find a key - something to open a new door for us - that is unique to us and no one else. It gives us a new paradigm shift, a new vision, and had I died back then, my husband would have been with someone else, I’d never have a baby girl and most importantly, I never would’ve found myself. I never would’ve lived to see what was outside of the hole I was rotting away in.