first relapse in months, I need helpSo. Today I had my uni orientation. I plan on majoring in physics and German.

Let's go back to several months ago. My dad had been in and out of our house over the past year and a half or so. More than several times he got drunk to the point of throwing/breaking things, threatening suicide in front of my sister, mom, and I. Threatening divorce (the came real close to one) and moving because we had basically no money since my dad had been unemployed for about a year at this point. He is still looking for a job. Money is tight and I have to pay for everything. Stuff like that happening on and off every few months. Guess who had to take her fucking placement exams during one of these episodes. Me. Well, today at orientation I was told that I cannot even enroll in Calc 1 since my placement scores sucked bc I was stressed as fuck. Again, wanting to major in physics. 

I have had a 3.95 uw GPA throughout high school, tons of AP classes interned for two summers at the chemistry dept at my uni, interned for the physics dept, for a semester, started a science club, good SAT scores, especially considering my situation. Hell, I got an A in AP Calc AB both semesters; I can do the work.

Now my entire fucking life is ruined because I can't take calc 1 because I sucked at one standardized test on one day when I've done great the rest of the time. I can't take physics without calc. Physics is my passion, without majoring in something I love and have been planning for all this time, then why live all?

Just when I was thinking that all the hard work that I've done actually payed off, this happens.

The academic advisor scheduled an appointment with a math dept. consultant tomorrow morning. I can retake the placement test and possibly a calc exam, but there's only a month before classes begin and I leave soon for a week trip to see my grandma. Plus, no matter what I say or show the math dept. person, they'll think it's BS. They'll think I'm making excuses and shit, I'm sure they've heard it all. To them it's a dumb sob story, but to me it's been my life. I try not to make this shit public too, like it's so personal and I absolutely despise talking about it; I'm in denial of my family's past problems. I try to forget it. And I did for most of the summer, until now.

So now my entire life plan and passions are ruined and now I wanna cut myself again and I am thinking about suicide again.

What the hell do I do? We are supposed to sign up for classes tomorrow. This fucks up my whole major and 4 yr plan. I'm in an absolute state of panic and kinda just wanna get in a car crash on the way there or cut too deep.

All of my hard work is meaningless because of this one fucking morning with this one fucking test. Why go on