in a few weeks i will graduate from law schoolI have a great, supportive father who is a very successful. If I ever need money, he will give it to me. I hate asking for it, but I sometimes do, and he always gives me what I ask for and always offers more. He really does love me, unconditionally. I know because I have tested it. He can also be a raging asshole who is capable of murder. I haven't spoken to my mother in 4 years, she is schizophrenic. They are divorced. Almost everyone in my family, from my brothers to my grandparents and aunts and uncles and cousins are all successful professionals, with the exception of a couple non-functioning alcoholics  and there is a history of suicide. 
I don't really know why I want to kill myself, but I can't help but think about it everyday. The only reason I haven't is because I love my family, and I've seen the effects of suicide first hand, and don't want to hurt the people I love. I don't hold it against my family members that have killed themselves, because I think I understand what they were going through, and the pain was so great they did it in spite of the pain they knew they would cause. Part of me thinks that if I didn't have my family, I would already be dead. Part of me thinks that I wouldn't feel so much pressure if I didn't have to live up to the expectations of my family, but I certainly don't blame them for that. Most of the pressure is self-inflicted.
I drink too much and use too many drugs and never have meaningful relationships that go beyond sex. I've connected on levels beyond casual sex, but have never tried to pursue it and end it when it reaches that point out of inability to trust and boredom.
As far as getting ready to graduate from law school and taking the bar, I don't really appreciate them as accomplishments as I did past milestones, but rather as more steps in life that lead me towards ever increasing difficult obstacles with no end in sight. I guess I really don't know what I'm doing, and am not sure what purpose I am trying to serve, other than existing for the sake of existing. I probably won't kill myself now, but feel like a ticking time bomb who could blow at any moment. I don't know what to do and just wish I didn't feel this way. After reading this you might want me to kill myself and I don't blame you, I must sound like an asshole.