Think enough is enoughI  think I have sorted my plan out . All this time I have felt like this was always my end and yet in the back of my head I always kind of knew that I probably wouldn't do it .. I've always been scared of the finality of it I guess . The what happens after ? What if you just chose to fail early like usual and your future was going to get better ?!  
I don't know .. I have gotten past all those fears I think . Or at least I don't think I give a shit anymore . I called nurse on call to get my plan worked out and make sure that if I did what I was planning then I will definitely die . She said 100% you will kill yourself if you did that . So now I know what I'm doing ..I just have to  find my cat a home or take him back to the shelter somehow ..get the rest of my house packed up and do something about all my crap . I don't know what to do about my cat though . I tried to call the shelter where I got him but they are out as it's a long weekend where I am and they aren't good at answering phone anyways .so then looked at  surrendering him to local shelter or something as I don't have any family or friends . I don't know what to do about this cat . Shit . He has been here a month and is starting to bond with me I think ? He is making me feel so shitty . He deserves a better cat friendly life with an experienced home .  At least I have a couple days to get him out . 
 
I have this really hard pounding fluttering heart and my whole body is vibrating on the inside . I can't connect or recognise my emotions so does anyone know if this is excitement? Or happiness?  I am crying less than usual today now that I feel I have made the decision. Still sadness and goodbye memories tears but I feel different today . I wish I knew what it is . I feel better I think ? Calmer ? Maybe straight headed for the first time in my life . I don't know but I feel like I could be feeling really good like I can go wild and do anything .
 I hope I don't back out . I know myself .I know I am horrible depressed all day everyday . negative about everything . I don't leave my home .. not even my couch to eat or clean .. nothing .Dont have a life . I'm traumatized by my whole horrific life but I know I am lazy and all those things that means I believe I will not be able to do the therapy and all that life long tough work that people do to turn their lives around and get better . I don't see a future ... If I did ,it looks exactly like what I'm living now . Still in so much emotional pain and torment that it feels like it manifests physically in my chest .  This has to be the only way out because I don't know if I will be able to live with myself in 10/20 years of I'm still at square 1 like I am now .