Im done with lifeWell ive been depressed pretty much ever since i was 14, now im almost 22 and i feel like i have nothing to show for anything of what ive done in life. Im currently depressed for alot of different things, one of them being that i cant find a job, and i think part of the reason is that i have metal disorders. Im pretty sure that employers can look that kind of stuff up at anytime and deny me the job regardless of my past experience, let alone my work ethic. Im also not going to be going back to college. I got my funding cut for school due to poor gpa and i fear of going back will only lead me to failing again. And even if i did pass and graduate, whats a degree gonna do for me, get a job? I can barely even get a job that doesnt require any experience or education, so why should i pursue for a job that does require an education. nobody is gonna hire me any way, and the people who have hired me are really really shitty jobs.
My mother is also gonna help me get ssi due to the fact that im mentaly disabled, i got it taken away because there was an assesment where my mother had to be with me but could not make it due to having a seizure and stayed at a hospital. But the ironic thing was before my ssi was taken away my mother has abused my ssi money when i turned 18 and refused to tell my step father to get a job until i got kicked out of her house, the reason why i got kicked out of her house is that after i got my ssi taken away, my mother still financially abused me when i was working and i told her that i couldn't take it anymore. But now shes saying that i should be entitled to that ssi money for my self. I thought it was kind of strange for her to help me out like this but what ever.
Im supposed to be talking to a lawyer about getting my ssi back tomorrow, im hoping to get my benefits back because im so fucking done with trying to live a life like a normal person and fail at it. Im done with getting a job, theres no point of me going back to school, and to top it off theres no point of me living really. I tried so hard to get to where i want to be in life and i have nothing to show for it. ive come to terms that life is pretty meaning less, and since im a person with mental disabilites, ill just have to except the fact that people will think of me a sub human, especially for those in the workforce.
I hate talking to people, i barely have any money saved up, i dont have my drivers license yet, i have very little friends, i get friend zoned by every girl i meet, i live under government housing in a dirty ass apartment, i cant sleep well, and on top of all that i just want to die so badly.
when i was a kid i was diagnosed with autism, bipolar, schizophrenia, tourretts syndrome, and adhd, but as an adult ive recently been diagnosed with aspergers and obsessive compulsive disorder. All of my life i felt alienated by others due to my condition. I lost trust with people that screwed me over including my mother.
My life is nothing to any one. nobody needs me, im incompetent, im unmotivated, im anti-social, and i tend to loose focus on alot of stuff. I cant even stand trying to be with my self half of the time so how would any one want to be a part of my life. Well, hopefully i wont have to worry about that for very long because as soon as i have enough money im going to purchase a gun and blow my fucking brains out. It wouldnt matter to any one if i did anyway.
ive had so many regrets in my life, but the biggest one out of all of them, is the fact that i was even born, my existence was never meant to be.