I'm not looking for any sort of advice. I just want the pain to stop.It sucks trying to look up information on depression and suicide and whatever and hearing the same crap from every website, book and resource you see. "It can get better!" "Hold it off for one day!" "Be nice to yourself!" "Talk to someone!"

I've had so, so many pieces of advice throughout the years, and I've been thinking of killing myself ever since I was a wee young lad of 12. On top of that, I've experienced all manner of therapy, medication, even tried exercising. Nothing worked. It's all the same, and my recovery is always temporary. "Look how far you've gone!" "You've even been through college!" "You can get a career!" "So many people your age are going through such a hard time!" "You're not alone!"

No, nobody understands. The more I try to talk to people, the more I try to research the subject, the more miserable, the lonelier and sadder I get. It doesn't work. I have every logical reason to believe that I was not made for this world. Like a terminal patient, I can tell my time's approaching and I was never meant for living. But I just keep hearing the same advice and the same content over and over and over again. I'm tired of it. I'm tired of feeling alone in the presence of others. I'm tired of sucking at everything I've ever wanted to do. I'm tired of the very act of living. Why can't I ever talk to anyone who can just stay with me in all the pain I'm going through. Acknowledge it. Understand all my failures and stop trying to come up with solutions and giving me advice. I don't need it. Now, more than ever, I really, really don't need it. It's clear that nothing will ever get better. It's clear that my fate is dying by my own hands. I have methods. I have a plan. It's all I've been able to think about. It always comes back. I can't take anything anymore. I can't work. I can't even look for work and I have a shitty freelance job as a translator that I fucking regret because I hate every second of it. I just hate everything so much. I can't even play a goddamned video game without getting angry at myself, depressed, and then subsequently angry because I fucking suck at it. Everything is a trigger. Talking to someone? Yep, I'm awkward and weird. Gonna kill myself. Working? Well I'm gonna fuck up once and be abandoned so I always gotta be on edge. Better kill myself. Etc, etc. The list goes on. I have no reason, no logical reason, to be alive. And everytime I try to look it up, every book and website and resource I research just gives you nothing but advice and fake, downright arrogant hopeful words when hope is such a treacherous, outright devilish thing. No one ever says something like "yeah man, life does suck. I hear you. It's all shit anyway. It hurts so damn bad just to wake up. We should have a beer together and talk more about it." No, everyone just gives shitty advice. It's the same thing as saying "yeah I don't give a fuck about it so here's some words that have been programmed into me through years of subversive mainstream media and education by the devil's agents-- I mean teachers and parents."

Fuck everything. I just want this constant pain to stop. Just last night I tried watching a tutorial video for a game I liked and I almost fucking vomited because the information was so overwhelming. That's how far below I'm gone. I have no hope. There's no recovery. Stop giving me advice. I don't want any of it, and I sure as hell don't want to fucking hear it.

I just want the pain to stop.