Only hanging in there for my loved ones. I'm a mess.I don't know what's wrong with me. I've always been depressed and fought bouts of suicidal thoughts before but I'm fixated lately.
I'm pretty open about having depression and anxiety but people typically see me as a "success story". I try to be very active in my college and am outspoken about mental health and social justice issues (sorry Reddit). 
My mom died almost three years ago, when I was 18 and had just started college. My dad is an alcoholic who cannot hold a job and disappears for days at a time. This summer, he may go to jail for a DUI. He's my best friend and I love him more than the world. He has lost three brothers, two best friends, his father, his wife, and countless others. I can't kill myself because he would kill himself if I did.

I was dating a great guy on and off for almost two years. After some stagnation, I broke up with him about a week and a half ago. I wanted to for a long time and was a horrible girlfriend to a really good person. I regret breaking up with him and have cried about it every night since. 
I found out yesterday that he has started dating already, a girl who he met this summer while we were together. He's bringing her to a theme park five minutes from my house (which is about an hour and a half from his). When I found out, I was horrible and mean to him. My feelings are not his fault at all, but I needed him and I pushed him away. He is one reason that I haven't acted on my suicidal thoughts yet. He would blame himself and it would ruin his life. I'm so scared he'll read this. I'm poison. 

I can't stop thinking about dying. Even before everything went south, I've wanted to die every time I have time to think about it. I didn't learn to drive for fear that I wouldn't be able to control my urges while driving. I just do not want to be alive. People love me. I have great family and friends. I don't want to hurt them by hurting myself. However, I want to want to live for me and for my life. I'm afraid I won't be able to hang on like this forever. I know I need help and I plan on getting therapy as soon as I return to school but I need help fighting this in the meantime. I want to die so badly, even when things are going great, but especially now.