I want to see a point of living , but I cantI'm struggling to find a point to live, but I really can't find one so I bought a gram of heroin to od on.

Here's my story. When I was 7 years old my cousins said they would watch me, but instead of doing that I was gang raped by 5 males and then a few months later I was molested by my sister. On top of that while I was growing up my brother/sister/dad would call me a fat piece of shit, a loser, the black sheep of the family, the family would be better off without me. I heard this shit as early as elementary school leading up to high school. My mom would also come home from work and beat me, tell me everything was my fault, and I'm just costing her money. When I was at school I would be picked on and bullied. I would get beaten up everyday, they would even tie of gym shirts and socks and beat me with them in front of the pe teachers. They stood there and did nothing to stop it! I never had a place where I would feel safe, I never had anyone to cry to or talk to. I've been a loner my entire life and the only friends I would have would steal from me and ditch me because I was too fat to be seen with by other people. The first time I opened up to someone was my first girlfriend and I had only known her for two weeks. I remember bawling in her arms while she gently stroked my hair. That was the most comforting moment of my life. Well, after awhile of that she got tired of it broke up with me and called me too much of a headache to be around.

Since the day she broke up with me alll I've had ar my two best friends in the world. And then disowned me as a friend recently because they are very religious and all they could do to cheer me up is tell me to be live in God and I would usually just nod my head ok. I recently told them that I would appreciate it if they wouldn't bring up God anymore and they said if you can't accept him then we have nothing else to say to you. They won't return my calls or text anymore. Now I have no one. I've been laying in bed everyday untill I have to go to work then when I get off I just sleep untill work again. I'm not close with my family at all and they were the only friends that I had. 