Family saved me and they don’t know itI apologize if my writing ‘style’ is choppy, I have disassociation-derealization and it messes me up a lot on terms of lengthy paragraphs

Posted a few times in the past but was more in the moment. Recently moved to new schools which meant new curriculum, failing classes, practically no friends (not that I had many before in the first place), and falling behind. Thought I would do better at a new school because I was being bullied at my previous. Didn’t get bullied at the new school, but have been going through a rough patch for the past few weeks because of my grades. This is the most classes I’m failing at a time. Anyways, I have never actually attempted until I moved schools because of stress. This was my third attempt (first about two weeks ago, second yesterday) and I’m so glad I chose not to do it. 

I prepared everything; I made a video of good, funny memories for my family to watch when I’m gone, I wrote letters, I put everything in order. I was sitting in my bathtub with a running hair dryer in one hand contemplating when I should do it because someone was supposed to come soon. I was at the verge of submerging it when I suddenly received a facetime call from my younger sister. I ran out of the bathtub with two towels wrapped around me and I told them I had just taken a bath. My younger sister, older sister, and mother were there. Mom knew why I had moved schools because I felt that it was too (blank) and she talked with me for a few minutes over the call, they all did. Asked me about homework and if they were taking up my time. They didn’t know that I was going to kill myself at the moment but they said their “I love yous” like usual. After the call I began bawling my eyes out and I just figured I really can’t leave my family. I’m not gonna die because I’ll feel like I’ll hurt my family too much at such a good time in their lives. They recently purchased a nice house after living in poverty for years and life has been perfect for them. The next few months I have birthdays (sister and dad) and I don’t want them to feel depressed. This Saturday I’m gonna talk to my doctor to be prescribed to antidepressants and whatever and my mom has offered if I wanted to talk to a psychiatrist in the past about other problems which might help. 

On the bright side as well I donated money to organizations (that one with Humans of New York)  because I never had the chance and my failing grade in the hardest class I have ever taken (Dramatic? I don’t think so) bumped up. It’s chemistry. On the down side though my hair is fucked because I impulsively cut my hair into bangs so there’s that, but I guess it’ll grow back over time. 

TDLR; Mom told me she loved me (like she always does), asked how school was going, and if I needed anything I can just let her know. It really changed my decision and I’m not gonna try to commit suicide anymore. I knew they would obviously be sad but they would be devastated if they found out. Moral of story: sometimes it doesn’t hurt to talk to someone. Reach out when you can. 