Boyfriend's second attempt. I think it's my fault.Boyfriend (M23) of 2 1/2 years told me he overdosed. I (F23) called for help. He begged me not to, but I had to. I myself have depression, ocd, and anxiety and am prone to panic attacks, and went into one after I hung up the phone. I wasn't able to drive over. His parents called me and seemed to be handling it. I got to the hospital. I'm never going to be able to forget the sight of him in that bed. It was like walking into a nightmare. He seems glad I'm there. We're then all moved to Psych. I nervously make a few bad jokes and have a small talk conversation with his mom. He suddenly tells us in a very desperate but stern voice that we need to leave. We stare at him. He says it again. Nurse kicks us out.

He's discharged extremely fast, just a couple hours later, and sent home with a strong recommendation for detox. He sends me a short message saying he is home. It's two days later now, and I haven't heard anything. I only know he isn't dead because I text his mom asking how he is, but now I feel like I need to back off now and let him come to me.

But there's  something else. A few days ago he witnessed me having what was probably the worst panic attack that I've had in a while. He was wonderful and just held me while I sobbed. I'm going through a lot psychically and mentally, and it's got me fucked up. But this was also about him. Ever since the first attempt, he's been so empty. His eyes look dead most of the time and it fucking kills me. We were having sex and I looked at him and saw it. When we were finished, I just couldn't hold it in anymore. He asked what was wrong, and I stupidly told him.

So I guess my question is, when I do see him, what on earth do I say? And how do I keep from going crazy until I hear from him?
I'm deeply in love with this man and I know he feels the same (one of the last things he said to me) and he has so much potential. He's absolutely gorgeous (he had girls falling all over him when we first started dating and if he went out more he still totally would have that), smart (graduated from top comsci school), and has treated me like a damn Queen lately. This is killing me. I mean, I literally feel like I'm dying. I need advice.

tldr; I "rescued" my bf from his second attempt. I think I'm part of the reason he did it. Asked me and his parents to leave the hospital when I got there. Was discharged later that day with recommendation for rehab. Now holed up in his house with parents. I haven't seen him since he said "leave". How do I keep from going crazy until I see him? What do I say when I do?