At what point am I legitimate risk to myself?I'm probably not your typical poster in this subreddit. I've read quite a few submissions and identify in a lot of ways to them as things I went through in my youth. I have attempted, nearly died, was put in a facility, and endured a lot of therapy in the months and years since. That was ten years ago.

The last five years I've been on this epic mission to live my life with an exclamation point on it, seeking out crazy challenges to possibly subconsciously compensate for those actions I took when I was younger. From climbing mountains, getting multiple college degrees, to running marathons, you name it, I did it. It definitely brought me some great happiness and established a sense of self-worth.

That being said, I sit here locked in my apartment away from the world for several days now really struggling to cope with a lot of serious things that life has thrust upon me all at once, and it got me wondering if all of those crazy accomplishments I chased only distracted me from something that is truly fundamentally wrong inside of me, and is the cause of my unhappiness. 

I've become a very rational person over the last five years. I don't think I could rationalize suicide because I have a reason to live...my family. But because I am so rational, I know that if that reason was removed, such as my family coincidentally dying in a car accident or something, I could easily commit suicide with no fears or cares about anything. This has caused me in recent weeks to start fantasizing about my death and killing myself. I don't feel like I'm a risk to myself, and yet here I sit Googling to see if my name would've been added to NICS after my previous suicide attempt, which would cause me to fail a gun background check. I can't help but wonder, was that internet search out of curiosity, or am I sincere? If I'm not sincere, what will it take for me to become sincere? 

That question has gotten me worried. I'm an adult now and I no longer have the impulsivity or inhibitions of a child, so I'm approaching this whole "death" thing from a different angle. But if you look at it from a black and white perspective it's undeniable...a small part of me wants to die.