am I the cause of my own demise?Never posted on here before and I'm not sure why I feel the urge to now.

I used to cut myself all the time, in my head I did it for attention, I wanted people to notice and ask me if I was okay so I could say that I wasn't and they safely tuck me away in a hospital for crazies and the doctors would spend months trying, unsuccessfully, to break through my emptiness. The reality was that I was so scared of people seeing my cuts that I hid them the best I could, despite having hundreds at any one time, my family had no idea until I flipped out at school. I was sitting in some stupid class, I think we had a relief teacher, it was a class where you could sit and talk with your friends and do nothing and the teacher wandered around doing sweet fuck all. I don't know why but I grabbed a Stanley knife and sliced into my arm multiple times, I remember it stinging so bad because there were so many lighter cuts underneath them. I laughed, I felt like I had something to prove. A boy saw the blood and told the teacher, she came over and I said he was lying but she wouldn't leave me alone so I pulled up my jumper sleeve and screamed at her to fuck off as I ran out.
I don't remember what happened next but my parents were told about it and I'd left the school grounds. The school councillor found me and for some reason I agreed to go with him to hospital. He took me to be evaluated by a child shrink, I barely said a word and I didn't look at him once, I felt like I was in a trance, the air around me felt so cold and heavy. It was decided that I was perfectly sane and didn't need any sort of help what so ever. The councillor took me home and my parents asked to see my cuts before never mentioning it ever again!

So anyway, I continued to lead a destructive lifestyle, most weekends were spent wiping myself out with a bottle of straight bourbon or vodka. I hung out at local music gigs with my friends, many of them much much older than myself. I did things to the extreme because it made me popular, not always in a good way. I went out of my way to stand up for my behaviour so if someone in our extended friends circle thought I was a dick, I'd push and push until their close friends liked me and they'd eventually give in and treat me nicely too. 

Meanwhile I was a straight A student.. my parents worked a lot, they didn't pay much attention to my schooling, my grades weren't bad so they didn't give it a second thought. In fact, they saw me as being responsible. I often babysat my little sisters, one of them from when she was only a few months old. I wouldn't abandon them or throw parties or anything, but I did play horrible mind games with them and they'd never tell because I'd scared them into believing that was worse than whatever I'd tricked them into thinking had happened/was happening. 

All of this stuff, it was selfish. I wanted to be the rebellious renegade cool kid, but my parents and to a point, my teachers, were fed this bullshit goody two shoes image that they fell for. This is how I got away with never doing my hometown, handing in essays late, wearing incorrect uniform everyday, never doing exams, never paying attention, spending most of my time in the classroom yelling and laughing and making excuses. Looking back I can honestly say that I am amazed at how much shit I got away with and that I finished school.

I found comfort in typing to a select few male friends for hours upon hours. I often developed crushes on them but they never went much further than sex, i was young and they were often in their early 20's. One guy in particular sticks in my head, not sexually or anything, we never even went there back then, in fact he broke his hand after punching a tree at his birthday party because he felt so bad that I was so attached to him at the time. So that was my first real broken heart, our friendship was awkward for a while and then I moved away and we have barely spoke since.

As a teenager I threw massive tantrums, but I didnt realise the extent of them until the last few years when I discovered that I have black outs where I am in an uncontrollable rage. I remember my parents holding me down at 15 to check for track marks on my arms, I must have been pretty psychotic for them to accuse me of being a junkie. Teen angst I assumed, but 10 years on my episodes have only gotten worse.

This is already a stupidly long story, I don't even tell this to my shrink, so I'll summarise the rest quickly.. my family moved several hours away when I was in my second last year of school, I hated my new school, I felt so stupid and lost and uncomfortable. I got pregnant, had a secret abortion and never forgave myself. I moved back and lived in a granny flat with one of my sisters. Finished school but things just went ever the same. I'd discovered drugs. Pills and speed. My school friends didn't understand.. I moved back to the city near my parents. The guy I got pregnant to had hung around and I was living with him until I realised I had only stayed with him because I was a mess after the baby thing.. he got abusive when I left him.. not wanting my parents to judge me or seem weak, I kept living with my ex, filing in my weekends with raves and a rebound guy. One thing that did impact my life at this point was ghb, considered a dirty scum drug, I had a big crazy image to build to ensure I was popular in this new scene.. it was easy, I had nothing to live for, I hated myself for what I'd done and the more I partied, the less I had to stop and deal with the consequences. I ended up in an ambulance 3 times in 6 weeks.. I passed out and woke up in some random guys bed with him fucking me.. I ran away and went back to the club.. I met a guy that loved going out too, but knew I needed help, so he wouldn't let me out of the house no matter how much I kicked and screamed. We went out for a year but we were bad for each other, we substituted ghb with speed and were still taking ghb when we could.
I spent 9 destructive months after he left me, in pieces. My friends saw the tantrums, one night 3 male friends tried to stop me from hurting myself but I am stupidly strong in these rages and I managed to smash my head into the concrete several times until they let me go, and then I ran and ran and don't remember the rest.
Ghb was ruining me again.

I met a guy from the rave scene, I didn't think I was ready to leave my ex in the past but I decided to give it a chance. So glad I did, best thing that ever happened to me. We moved in together after only a few weeks and 5 years on were engaged.

I don't want to disclose the finger details in this time but I will say that whilst I'm a better person, we still give in to temptations just as often, and I still have anger issues, but until recently I hadn't wanted to hurt myself like I do right now.

My sister died a short time ago. Overdose. But on opiates.
It's not real to me, it confuses me, I can't make sense of it.
I don't want to deal with it.

I was diagnosed with ADHD, anxiety disorders including mild OCD about a year ago.
Since my sister died my OCD is my way of coping.. things that used to be funny but necessary to me, now physically hurt if I don't do them or if I do them wrong.

I can't help but think that my childhood desire to have people feel sorry for me, paved the way to becoming that person. Sometimes I wonder if it's just all in my head, if I don't completely believe that I'm sick, how will I ever help myself?

When I get angry I often black out, my partner tells me what happened each time, I've tried to jump out of his car at high speeds on a freeway, drank bleach, tried to grab a gun off a police officer, hit my head so many times it's not funny, taken pills, blah blah, right now it all seems like a good idea.

I feel so selfish.
It makes me feel worse.