I don't know what to dojust brief background. I'm 18 and a freshman in college. I've been dealing with social anxiety and depression for a while now. It was really bad in high school, but ever since starting college, it's gotten a lot better, and I feel like I've been making friends and I've gotten to know a lot of great people.

But even though things had been going well, I feel like they're getting worse again. The first month of school I was doing so much shit, going to parties, going to club meetings, meeting new people, etc. But that has kind of stopped recently. Which by itself is fine, since like I said, I might not be doing a ton of shit and meeting a lot of new people, but I've consolidated a nice, tight group of friends.

But even though things have been going well, there is still something I lack in life, a romantic relationship with someone. In high school I had no success whatsoever, for a variety of reasons, to the point that I was kind of resigned to the fact that I would probably live and die without being in a relationship with anyone. And as pathetic as it seems, I was really OK with that, especially since I had gotten so used to it. Over the summer before college, I was way more concerned with trying to make friends. And that's part of the reason that I was so happy the first month of school. Because that's what I got. I was meeting new people, becoming friends with people... for the first time in my life I felt like people didn't view me as someone awkward, as someone lesser. People actually wanted to be friends with me, probably in large part due to the fact that everyone was a freshman and desperate to meet new people.

But then for maybe the first time in my life, I started having feelings for other people. I guess part of the reason I never really had a crush on anyone in highschool was that I was never really good friends with many people, and for me, anyway, I feel like I need to know someone well before I start to feel anything for them. So anyway, there was this guy I met who I knew was bi, and I asked him if he wanted to do anything sometime, but he told me that he was still uncomfortable with his sexuality, so he didn't want to do anything. Alright. no problem with that. I was a little dissapointed I guess, but I got over it.

But then I met this girl in one of my classes. It was during one of the first days, so no one really knew anyone else, so I just sat next to her and started talking. I had literally no interest in her at that point, I was just trying to make friends. And it went pretty well, and we started talking more and more, and we did some stuff after class a few times (like study for tests, get lunch, that kind of stuff) and I started to really like her. So I asked her if she wanted to hang out a few times, but she was unable to because she was busy over the weekends, which kind of bummed me out, but then a few days ago after class we got lunch together, and she was talking about how much she liked art, and I invited her back to my dorm to show her some of my drawings.

And from there... I don't really want to get into specifics, but I kind of fucked up. And I feel like if I was more confident or had more experience at this kind of thing I could have had a chance with her. But I was just so awkward and inexperienced I didn't know really what to do. I think we're still amicable, but I definitely don't have any shot of getting with her in the future, I guess.

And this has really been fucking with me for the past few days. But it's not really about losing a chance with her. Because I like her and all, but that's at least something I can get over pretty quickly. It's the fact that I feel like I'll never find anyone. I feel like I'll always be too awkward and depressed to actually have any kind of relationship. I don't give a shit about sex or physical intimacy. I just want to feel like someone cares about me. Especially after being spat on and tossed aside all my life, I just want to feel NORMAL. And I feel like that will never happen. I feel like I'm missing out on such a huge part of life. People talk about relationships all the time and shit, and it makes me feel so excluded to know that I'll probably never have one. But more than that, I feel like I'll always have some lingering shred of anxiety and depression, and that I'll always be different from other people. 

I honestly don't know what to do. I don't want to feel this way. I just want to be normal. But I don't know how to improve myself. I desperately don't want to kill myself. But I can't keep going on like this. I can't keep going on being inherently inferior to everyone else. I feel like if things don't get better in the next few years I'll end up killing myself. But I really don't want to. I just don't know what to do... I just want someone who isn't my family to care about me deeply. But I feel like that'll never happen.