I’ve written all of the letters.And don’t tell me it’s just because I drank too much tonight. Don’t tell me it’s just because I’ve had a bad few days. 

My father walked in here and told me how much I’ve disappointed him. My sister told me that I’ve done nothing but use her and hurt her for months on end. My fiancé told me that he thinks there’s something wrong, something missing, something deeply disturbed in me. My two year old son asked me to stop yelling at him today. My best friend, the person I loved more than anyone, with the exception of my child, told me he doesn’t want me in my life. He doesn’t need me, he doesn’t care. 

I’ve tried for the past six months to be happy. I’ve tried to quit starving myself and be healthy. I’ve tried to quit cutting my wrists. I’ve gone to therapists. I’ve accepted that I was raped, I was mentally abused, i was assaulted, I was hurt, throughout my entire life. 

But through accepting all of that, I’ve also accepted the part I played in those unfortunate situations. I’m a liar. I’ve been a drug addict. I have manipulated and said horrible things to people I love. I drink too much, knowing that it’s bad for me, knowing im destructive and hurtful when I do. I’ve lied to my father and my sister and my fiancé and my best friend who I loved more than anyone. And I’ve yelled at my son, who’s too young to understand. I’ve cried in front of him when my heart was broken- he wasn’t the one who broke my heart. He did not deserve to be yelled at or see his mother cry. 

I know they’ll miss me. I know that. But I can’t help thinking that even through their pain, even through the longing and aching for me to come back- it can’t be worse than what I have and what I will put them through in the future. 

I love my family. I love my son. I love *him*- my son and him I love more than anything. I love my friends. I love them and I am destructive and I am convinced that I will hurt them more by staying. I’ve thought this for months. Years. But looking over the past couple of days- what I’ve destroyed, the things I’ve said, the people I’ve let walk away (or rather- pushed away) within the past few days- I cannot see where I’m doing any of them a disservice. They’ll heal when I’m gone. But when I’m here, I will continue breaking open wounds and creating more wounds. 

It’s just who I am. I hurt and take from people. It’s who I am. I have given up all hope of changing that. 

Won’t they be better off without new wounds? Without new ways for me to hurt them? I can’t convince myself otherwise. 