Should I call the police if my best friend tells me she wants to commit suicide?There's a group whatsapp chat between me and my three best friends. I'm going to give them pseudonyms to preserve their identity. We have Shayla (me), Gertrude and Camille. Camille has been clinically depressed for a couple years now. Since early last year, on multiple occasions, she has texted suicidal "goodbye" messages to the group, thanking us for all we've done for her, but saying she's made up her mind and she wants to end her life, even though she knows it's a selfish thing to do. 

Now of course we lose our fucking shit every time and go into a panic attack. Because we never know if she's just saying it, or if she's actually going to do it. So here's the thing. Every time she says she's going to kill herself, she never actually does it, and wakes up the next morning apologising and saying she felt "posessed" when she texted us the suicidal messages.

This has happened at least five times. But frankly speaking, this cycle of staying up til morning to make sure she's fine and doesn't do anything stupid is extremely EXHAUSTING. Because I live near her, I end up rushing to her house to make sure she doesn't do anything stupid. Everyone kind of knows she isn't going to do it but nobody wants to take chances either.

So here's where the disagreements start. I've decided that the next time Camille sends us a "I'm going to kill myself, I love you all and thank you for all you've done" I'm going to call the fucking police. I don't give a shit if she hates me for it, or if she decides to cut me out of her life. A mad friend is always better than a dead friend, and I don't want to be responsible for her death, and know that I made an assumption that she wouldn't kill herself, but ended up doing it anyway. 

Now Gertrude, the other friend, is telling me I shouldn't. She says leaping to call the police is not a good idea. She says I should find out more information first, then decide to make the phone call. Her stand is that we should personally would talk to her more and try to assess how serious she is, rather than leaping to dial, because we're not experts. Gertrude believes that bringing the police in will potentially make things more complicated for everyone including us, her parents and her family. 

Now the part that really ticked me off was when Gertrude said that I needed to be realistic, and make educated guesses considering that Camille often claims she wants to kill herself but ends up not doing so. Gertrude is basically saying, she's not going to do it.

While I understand where Gertrude is coming from, I see this as an incredibly idealistic way of looking at the situation. Perhaps I am too rational, but hear me out.

1) Calling suicide prevention in my country will not get her immediate help. The police respond much faster.

2) The suicide prevention website in my country states that if we know someone is in immediate physical danger, we should call the police immediately. 

3) The police are trained to do mental wellness checks and can respond to suicide.

4) I come from a first-world country that has generally competent police.

5) Trying to talk her out of it over the phone is not helpful either, because god knows what she could decide to do while we are not present. (Camille self-harms) I am not a hero.

6) Of course, if Camille's parents are around to help her, I don't need to do anything because her parents know how to handle the situation. I'm talking about situations where her parents are not present/sleeping and can't help her.

7) I am not interested in making assumptions about Camille's wellbeing. I am also not an expert, and I don't think I am qualified to "assess" the situation to determine whether I should or should not call the police. I'd rather just call and let the police experts take it from there.

8) I sincerely believe that I should act on what Camille says, rather than speculate her intentions.

I am very aware that the actual chance of her committing suicide is not very high. Regardless, I do not intend to be stupid. 

Maybe i'm fucking selfish because I don't want to feel guilty for not calling the police when I could. 

Please give advice because I don't know what I should do. I don't want to do anything that would be emotionally damaging. Much help would be appreciated.


 [Reference:](http://www.mental-health-today.com/suicide/sui2.htm)