I am very depressed and have considered suicide. Can someone please help me to get out of this? (Read text)My life was OK when I was younger, except for the fact that my father was an alcoholic. I grew up with two siblings, one of which a half-brother. My father was a jerk most of the time, but worse when he was drunk. He would go after my half-brother a lot, because he wasn't related to my father. My half-brother moved out of the house when he finished high school because he couldn't take it anymore. They got into several fights before then. My other brother would also get into fights with my father. My mother couldn't stand him anymore. So when I was about 10-12, things started to go really crazy. My parents had a huge fight one night, and my father cut his arm with a knife deliberately to try to frame my mother (what a dick). This eventually led to a divorce. I finished sixth grade, which was a terrible year due to the divorce and bullying, and moved in with my father. I don't know why I chose to, I guess I was just stupid. My mother eventually moved to Pennsylvania to get farther away from my dad, and my dad moved to Baltimore. During school, I would visit my mother every other weekend which sucked major balls because my dad would always try to start fights with me by talking shit about my mother and half-brother. I had a lot of trouble fitting into the new school and I still do now. I'm currently 16 years old. I am afraid to talk to anyone in my school still. Also, my school is a majority black school so it's hard to fit in being white (I don't mean to offend any groups). I spend most of my time on the computer in my room or playing video games. I do have very few friends, but they hardly even talk to me anymore. I feel that I don't have any natural talents and won't amount to anything in the future. I don't know what career I want or what college I want to go to. I have never had a relationship in my life and that also affects my depression. Most kids at my age seem to be better off than me, by which I mean that they are either good at sports, have an artistic talent, etc. I have seen a therapist to help me with my depression, but that didn't really work. It now feels worse than ever. I just need help getting out of this depression and suicidal thoughts. I'm sorry about any bad grammar. I will answer any questions you have. I realize that my story may not be as depressing as others, but I still need help.