Hoping on DeathIt's been a long time since I've felt true happiness - almost to the point where I can't remember.  Along the way, especially the past two years or so, I've discovered a part of my mind I never knew existed.  The best way I cope is with words and music, so I might be able to turn this into a published novel by the end.

The first and only girl I loved that ever "loved" me back destroyed me.  Best I can say is that I battled her mental illnesses with her, and in return I got used, cheated, played, and abused.  It's almost like she's the person I used to be and I am the person she used to be - depressed, anxious, bipolar, suicidal.  Not to mention that in the midst of all of the pain, one of my best friends was killed.  I think the pain of her leaving was honestly worse and I can't explain it, but they were mostly all I had, and gone in an instant.  I've been waiting for them to call for years, and have finally deleted their phone numbers and given up.  

They're not the only ones I'm waiting on.  Some of my other close "friends" don't talk to me anymore because my coping mechanism in writing, must have scared them away from me on social media.  Another friend of mine (who I even thought could've eventually been my girlfriend) will say she misses me, yet never makes an attempt to talk to me, let alone meet up in person.  She's starting college soon and I've come to realize that we'll probably never speak again.  My other friend hasn't reached out to me since I told him I had to be with my family (dad was diagnosed with cancer). Nobody gives a shit.

I have persistent anxiety around people to the point where I don't go out.  My heart races behind the wheel and in most public situations.  I'm very paranoid and afraid.  Bipolar.  Depressed.  All the things the girl I used to love was.  I'm literally haunted by her when I sleep some nights.  I wake up in a sweat or sleep into the afternoon.  I just want to feel wanted by someone who wants me back, and I've made that impossible.  It's to the point now where I'm thinking about deleting all my social media because it doesn't matter regardless.  I don't want to see everyone's perfect life and I don't want to relapse and lose my mind on a stupid website for everyone to see again.  I hate everyone who is happy and I hate myself because of it.  The only thing I have left is my passion for music and desire to become an artist someday, but even that is slowly becoming a spite filled goal... just to show the people I probably wrongfully hate that I am something.