i'm a failuremy name's danny, i'm a senior in high school, and i haven't achieved a single goal i've ever set for myself. for the past four years i've been scraping by with the bare minimum effort because i never had any motivation to actually work. my whole life people have been showering me in praise for how smart they think i am but if i were actually smart i wouldn't be failing all my classes to the point where i may not even graduate on time.

even if some backwoods community college admits me, by the time i'm done with my degree the field i want to be in will be saturated with people way more accomplished and capable than i. as a result i'm very quickly running out of things to live for.

the only people who ever managed to convince me they genuinely cared left me because i fucked up and irreparably hurt them and i have no chance of ever convincing them to forgive me or even convince myself to forgive me. i'm serially reclusive in school and people probably wouldn't even notice if i was gone. they all say that they care but that's a bold-faced lie considering the fact that none of them even make eye contact in the halls. people don't dislike me, i'm just completely meaningless.

my entire lifestyle is disgusting and lazy and completely unproductive. my entire love life was a 6 month stint of emotional abuse and manipulation and lies and desperation. every time i look in the mirror i see a crusty sack of shit marked by near complete neglect of self-care.

i've been seeing a psychiatrist weekly for nearly 4 years now, and every time i feel like i'm making progress another gaping hole manifests and takes me deeper than i was before. every time feels like the worst i've ever felt and yet it always gets worse and i always blame myself for being a maggoty drama whore over shit that is almost exclusively my fault

nothing makes me happy anymore i just sit around and sleep and eat microwave dinner garbage and play video games that distract me from my life. everyone always tells me to hold out hope and that everything's going to get better eventually but nobody can help me and i sure as hell can't help myself. i'm fucking lost and i feel like the only thing holding me back from offing myself is the lack of an easy way to do so. i say that but even if i did have a method i'd probably chicken out like i always do 

i don't know what the purpose of this post was i guess i just need to feel like someone's listening. fat lot of good that will do me through a fuckin monitor though. thank you for coming to my ted talk 