Struggling.Hey everyone,

I want to die. I guess that’s why I’m here, isn’t it?

I [20F] was married to a good man [22M]- he wasn’t perfect but he was good. I was good too. But I have intense anxiety and it showed through out our marriage, I was depressed and wanting to commit suicide a lot and cutting. It scared him, so he would stay often with another friend in another town. He was not there for me and the times he was he was either very angry for me for what I was going through or holding me down to try to get me to calm down. He talked down to me a lot but I blame this on our overall lack of respect for each other. He also threw the divorce word around a lot starting 3 months after getting married.

Eventually this began to turn into abuse, and when he would get angry he would hold me down and yell at me when he was generally angry. One day things got out of control and he wouldn’t let me go or get away from him, and cops were called and he was booked. It broke my heart and I didn’t know charges would file.

After that we had an NCO against our will yet we still talked because we both felt horrible about the situation. When I would have intense anxiety about what he told people back home about what happened with his arrest I thought they hated me for him going to jail and I would threaten to report we were talking. It wasn’t right or okay and I feel horrible to this day for it.

He finally said for the final time he wanted a divorce and it didn’t really sink in for a few months. At the time we were living in separate areas and he refused to see me. I begged him to give us a chance and to help us get counseling, we’d only been married for just over a year, but he refused. He wanted out.

He began hanging out with this girl that he had taken nude photos of without telling me while we were married (he does photography). They were hanging out a lot and by the time he had finally filed for divorce it had been 3 months since he asked for it so I was stuck in limbo for a long time. I got addicted to trying to ask him to stay. He started dating her and hid it from me. So we signed divorce papers and I was obsessed with social media trying to figure out answers of if my suspicions were true. They were of course, and over the course of fighting he finally said yesterday for the 100th time he hopes he never speaks to me again.

Guys at this point I’m getting divorced but I feel so defeated. The more I fought the more he resisted. You can’t change someone but I feel like disposed trash. I truly loved that guy. And I’m struggling with him moving on in a matter of months and not even giving our relationship a chance, just texting me that he was done and that was it. I also feel embarrassed because I have dragged it. In his eyes he didn’t value marriage so it was a break up. For me I expected us to sit down and talk and actually try to address stuff and it didn’t happen, so I think me dragging it was simply that unhappiness for lack of closure.

I’m struggling hard with suicide. I feel as though I can’t be loved as someone saw me for the things I struggled with and immediately walked out. And who could love a 20 divorced woman? I have a hard time with the lying and manipulation towards the end of him lying about dating someone else. That one I struggle so hard with because she is literally perfect for him and it makes me angry and depressed that I fought so hard for his attention and love and someone walks into his life and gets it effortlessly it seems. I feel it all on my shoulders and am struggling immensely.