When you've gone about things all wrong bury them here.This last year of my life has been quite terrible. I've posted here and /r/depression  multiple times under multiple accounts. I can't shake this low, sick, lonely, daunting attitude I have. I possess a genuine hate for everything now, whereas I once was a man full of love. Depression has been with me for a long time, but a period of my life made it go away. Well, those are distant memories now.

Here are some facts about me: I have a lisp, one that people find quite distracting. What kind of adult speaks with one? I am atrociously skinny, and I am unable to put on any good weight. I have man tits that are a huge turn off. Women don't find me attractive, at least not the women I want to find me attractive. I'm a shallow asshole.

I was cheated on by the woman I was going to marry, she is off being a drunkard and dating now. I cannot even look at women or go through my day without thinking of her. We haven't spoke for months now, but the pain is still fresh. How can someone you love do such an evil deed to you? I know not the answers but hate myself for loving her still.

I had friends, genuine ones, good people with bright futures. I drove them away with my drug use and bitterness.

The nights are what get me the most. I sit here and I am lonely. I long for a companion to lay with and share life with. My regrets come in a full-frontal assault to my brain and the pit of my stomach, nasuea and headaches dominate my health lately.

I have tried and failed at suicide. Multiple times. I have been to see doctors and therapists; I have taken several types of anti-depressants. I tried working out, I have tried getting into the dating scene. I have tried erasing my memories with tattoos and drugs and alcohol and meaningless expenditures.

Where do I go? Who do I talk to? I can't focus, I can't even sleep or dream anymore. I don't want to devastate the few left who care, but I really don't want to live this way any longer. Everyone I have ever loved has left me or betrayed me at some point. The common denominator is me.

I probably won't receive much of a response and to be honest I probably won't know what to say to you people. But I do know this: I despise my own existence and I really wish I could end it right.

What do you look forward to, suicide watch? How do you get rid of the constant sickness? The suicidal idealization? I try to keep busy with work, research, video games, music. I'm broke now though. I don't know why I keep turning here, it never really helps. I suppose I have access to a fully stocked chemistry lab, that should do the trick. Too much research on suicide methods, I suppose.
