I never thought I'd be like thisWhen I was in school, I still had some hope. I thought I could find something that I wanted to do, and apply myself as I always had. Yet here I am in university, losing most of my drive and skipping classes and assignments. I thought I would be comfortable slipping in and out of life alone and with my family. Yet, when I'm alone, I don't talk to anyone for days at a time and when I'm with my family, I feel constricted and stressful trying to present the version of me that they want to see. I thought I would have a girlfriend or could at least engage in some flirting or casual relationships. Yet, I have never experienced anyone being really romantically or sexually interested in me.

I'm so ashamed of myself. I lie about doing university work to my friends and family because I'm ashamed of being so lazy. I haven't gone to my psychologist in a months because I'm ashamed of not challenging my thoughts like she asked me to.

My family and friends are supportive and I lucky to have them but I am continuously stressed out trying to not disappoint them and to try to be worthy of their affection. I think my parents would have been better served with a different child and I just feel like I'm a burden to my friends.

I feel so foolish for caring about relationships. Everyone says that I shouldn't care Yet, they pine after others and cherish their own relationships. It's just easier on my feelings if we pretend that it doesn't matter. People say that I just need to wait and it will happen. I'm going to be waiting for the rest of my life it seems. And I feel foolish that I sometimes come off as thinking I could have one. How *cute* that someone as unattractive, abrasive and boring as me could ever have anyone desire them! And I am undesirable. No-one has ever had a crush on me. I downloaded Tinder and made a profile and got zero matches over weeks of using it - while my friends racked uo tens of matches. And I think I'm just weird and too opinionated and no-one could really be interested in what I have to say. I will be romantically alone forever. 

I haven't seen happiness in my future for a long while. Why should I assume things would get better? I'm not good enough. All I can see is stress and uncertainty.

Unfortunately for me, I live in Australia - where it's hard to kill yourself relatively quickly. I don't like pain and I can't find an easy way to kill me off that would work in my current small residence. I'm afraid. I'm afraid of screwing it up and ending up permanently disabled or disfigured. I am afraid of being locked away in a mental health ward for being suicidal. I just want to pass peacefully because I can't deal with life.