I never wanted to end my life, but now I'm going toIt doesn’t always get better. Sometimes it doesn’t change and, sometimes, it gets worse. 

I am so tired of being alone. I am worthy of being loved. I am worthy and I deserve love exactly as I am. But the only man I ever found attractive will never know I exist, let alone be mine. I’ve tried to force myself to be attracted to others. I’ve tried to forget him. I’ve had counselling, medication, professional “singles coaches,” even electroshock therapy (ECT). None of it made any difference, no matter how I desperately wanted it to.

The ECT caused me to lose my memory, forget how to speak or write…. But not him. Not his smile, his laugh, his face. Years go by and it’s still there.

But it will never be and I know that, and I am done being alone.

My family died when I was an infant. I lost my friends when I lost my job and could no longer pay for everything. I tried the suicide chatline and they sent cops to my apartment. They kicked down the door, took me into custody, and, when I was released 72 hours later, I found my apartment had been ransacked, I was being evicted…and the cops had broken my jaw and cheekbone. I don’t have insurance and couldn’t get medical care. Then I was hit with a $150,000 bill for the psych hold. 

I have no job. I am in my mid-40s and I have no savings. No 401k. Nothing. I haven’t had a job in three years. I live in my car. I’ve defaulted on credit cards, student loans. I was always a good person. I didn’t have debt. 

So, yes, it doesn’t get better; it gets worse. 

Instead of buying food today, I bought a gun. It’s the only way out now. I’m tired of being alone and I will not spend another another holiday or another night without the man who is worth spending my life with. Without being valued and loved. All I ever wanted out of life was to be a wife and mother. Nothing else matters. I’ve done it all and I know that now. I wish I had known how I’d be spending my birthday this year -- and every year -- and every holiday. I wouldn’t killed myself years ago, not just attempted.

I don’t know why I’m even writing this. It changes nothing. I guess I want people to know what the suicide hotline actually does. Make sure that is the kind of “help” you need. At least in death, I’ll be at peace.