Just some thoughts on how I feel.I can hardly believe that I am posting here. Not even sure what to say. I just know that I need to talk, somehow, without filters. Without needing to be looking to "fix" myself. 

I am 48 and have been a happy person most of my life. I had a fairly abusive upbringing and was subject to fairly severe bullying in school. I have risen above that (with a lot of work and counselling) and am in a 17 year marriage with two wonderful step kids in their 20s. I have a job that I am good at and that I mostly enjoy.

The problem is that I am sad. In no small part because my relationship with my wife is going south and I don't know how to fix it. Everything I try seems to make it worse.  Her Mother passed a couple of months ago and that was just the most recent icing on the difficulty cake.  

The amount of swirling that is going on in my head and the lack of energy just makes most things so much work. I still go through the day, doing what I should, but it feels like an act.  If I show my sadness it makes my wife scared and aggressive so I fake it as best I can.

At the moment I just want the pain and sadness to end. It's not that I want to kill myself, just that I don't want to deal with things any more. I am seeing a counsellor, which certainly helps, but, for whatever reason, it is not enough.  I don't feel like it is fair to burden anybody I know. This is a huge burden for anyone when a friend tells them that they need help and is considering suicide. It doesn't help much that, due to so many factors, including a profound lack of motivation and energy, I have not been very good at staying in touch with people.

I don't know if I am depressed or not and have considered going to the doctor. Unfortunately my last two family doctors both quit to move out of the country (Canada) and finding a new Doctor seems like a huge mountain to climb. Going to a walk-in clinic doesn't seem like an option as they are all "get-in, get a prescription, get out.

I know, intellectually, that people would be unhappy if I did do something like this but it just doesn't seem to matter. I don't have an immediate plan or anything but I don't want to feel the way I feel.

Not sure what I expect from this but I figured saying something, even to a group of anonymous people on reddit, is better than staying locked in the silence. 