I hate myself more than I’ve ever hated anyoneOver the past 22 years I have grown to hate myself more than I have ever hated another person, without a doubt. I hate the way I look, my voice tone, my gut reactions, my impatience with frustrating things, my thoughts, my false promises to myself, my privilege, and my life path that has been chosen for me. I hate how I can't get myself to do easy assignments and work done even when I set aside ample time and pump myself up to do it. Gosh just thinking about it is making me burn inside. I often fantasize about slicing and bruising myself everywhere then watching myself bleed out. I know how dramatic and angsty that sounds but those thoughts consume my mind everyday, with few exceptions. The thoughts aren't going anywhere anytime soon. I absolutely hate almost everything about myself. Then I hate myself for not trying hard to be the type of happy-go-lucky person that people find attractive. After all, everything is mindset and so many other people seem to have figured out a way to be happy or fake it. The cycle of hatred only intensifies as time goes on.
I'm finding myself so much more angry than I ever was. The thoughts that used to make me sad, now cause that sharp burning pain that anger gives. I'm mad at my parents for having me. My dad wanted to add "great father" to his resume and my mom just wanted to please him and have something for HER to love. Only for them to divorce and never set an example of how a healthy relationship should be. My parents chose smothering us with love over teaching us how to live in this complicated world. I now am also burdened with the responsibility of reciprocating care I never asked for or wanted in the first place. God I wish I never existed.
I thought I always wanted to get married. I now realize I will not get what I want out of marriage so I do not see a point other than to participate in something that most people do and is fun some of the time. My wedding day and being someone's wife was something that kept me going but that is no longer there. The type of marriage I want doesn't exist in this day and age and quite frankly marriage doesn't mean anything anymore anyhow, so why do it?
I'm so fed up with the world. I like to people watch but I hate going places where people are at the same time. I hate seeing inconsiderate/poor/super wealthy/elderly people and wondering what world their life is like because it seems like even though we are in the same place at the same time, they are living in a different world. I just don't understand other people and that bothers me.
I can't explain the depth of how badly I wish my life was different. I then think that my life is subjectively pretty gosh darn good. This is what makes me think I'm not meant for or deserving of a life at all.