I tried to kill myself but failedOk first of all I am fighting a losing battle with depression about a week ago I tried to kill myself by taking an over dose of anti depressants I wouldn't have been here if I had known that I hadn't taken enough I took 42 tamizipine and about 12 500 ML ibuprofen this was the hole of my prescription i had been given from my doctor. My mind was set on ending my life i was not acting nor did i tell anyone what i was going to do. I took all of them in one go with water. I lay back and waited but nothing was happening about 20mins went by and i started to feel groggy then my vision went blurry with sharp flashing lights i thought it was working so i tried to fall asleep which i could not do, after a while the blurry vision was a lot worse i tried to stand up and felt like i was drunk unable to balance so thinking had done what i set out to do i forced myself to sleep thinking no way id wake up. Well i did obviously as i couldnt possibly be writing this if i had successfully completed the task i was absolutely gutted about the fact i was still here i couldn't believe it. I don't know why but i called my doctor and told them what i had done they made me an emergency appointment and still very groggy i went upto the doctors. They asked me what and why. I told them i didn't feel connected to anyone or anything i find it hard to start or even continue any type of conversation i feel nothing and have done for a very long time even towards my family girlfriend and children i am empty like there is nothing. So they phoned an ambulance and made me wait with him until it came. I went to the hospital and I was seen by a nurse who did some blood test which came back clear. They then sent for a cycirtrist "sorry about my spelling" who spoke to me and said they wanted to put me under the mental health team. I am typing this from a mental health home "rest bite" as they call it. The thing is i am still wanting to end my life i have got to the end of my line i just don't know how to do it right using pills did nothing.

So as soon as i get a chance i am going to go to a high bridge and jump. I just wanted to put this here as i feel i owe my family an explanation of why. I just want them to know it is nothing they have done and tbey really have tried to help me but i know now nothing can help me feel. I would love to feel anything even pain hurt but i dont and can't remember the last time i did. I am sorry to do this to you all. 

By the time you have found this i should be long gone and i want you to get on with your lives and not think about me just be good people do good things and remember only one thing i am at peace.