Help... plz(?)ever since i was young i mean young like 1st grade young i was blaimed for everything, no one stood up for me saying that i didnt do anything cuz it wasnt their problem.. so i have a strong personality.. which doesnt help at all with friends/or i guess in most cases enemies. i have a loud voice so even if i'm not talking or doing anything i get in trouble i get talked to daily, when i was younger teachers would blaime my sickness on me being mean 
example: "i have a stomach ache"
"is it because you pushed down AJ?"
.. i nver pushed down anyone....
people in my class will be talking for the whole hour.. i'll say one word and i hear "(my name) CAN I SEE YOU IN THE HALL??" 
everyday... i wish i could just cut my throat or anything to get a differant voice or anything... people dont even like my laugh.. it's too anoying when i laugh people stare at me and say "stop laughing" "you shouldnt laugh" it makes me feel like i shouldnt be happy, if tried changing my laugh 3 times now.. 1 was too man-ly (i'm a girl) the 2nd was to high pitch and annoying and the 3rd is just plain annoying.. it so bad i dont want to go to school. i constintly feel sad and i'm shocked i have any friends what so ever and i feel as if they're just there to be nice and i wouldnt wanna be my friend either i've thought about suicide for months now like 7 or 8.. the school councilor said it was probably my period and just a part of growing up.. but than y isnt everybody else cutting themselfs (?)... once my mom found out she doesnt trust me anymore.. and she said she watches wht she says around me and that i ruin everything. i've also told my close friend.. the only reason i'm still alive is her, she's like my sister and if she ever said anything bad i'd be done... but she gets really sad whenever i tell her that stuff and i want them to be happy... i just wish i wasnt born!!!! Plus, i get judged on my looks only, i get hit on by guys cuz i'm "hot" they dont care about what i say or do, just that i'm hot.. and i'm 12 (almost 13)... it makes me feel horrible, and i know that if i'm not hot or pretty or skinny than no one'll like me... so i try not to eat too many calories.... i tried an 800 calorie diet but my friend (sister/close friend) talked me out of it.. i still try not eating as much... and i tan whenever i can so i'm tan and skinny. I'm relizing now that you probably dont wanna read this cuz it's boring and not ur problem but i dont really care i dont really care about a lot latly i sorta just gave up on a lot but i know that i cant, no matter how much i want to , give up on school.. i cant get B's my parents start yelling at me.. they yell at me a lot than say i was mean to them... I used to have 2 friends that i'd talk to my stuff about but now one of those girls ignores me...... :'(... i dont cry anymore, i ran out of tears, or at least i think i did. o but anyways like i was saying i dont really care if you read this or if you care or anything it just helps to know that i'm writing this down and sending it out for anyone to see.. but yet no one knows me.