The end of me.I'm not sure why I'm writing this down, but I do know that if you are to read it then I won't be completly dead, as a small part of my existence will live on in your head and your cookie files. 

Let me start with my childhood. From ages eight until twelve I was enrolled in a private bording school, my brother was there also and we shared a room with a set of twins whom we got on well with. I don't remember much from that time of my life but I do remember the endless tests I was given. Always being driven to this center and that facility. Always having to endure mind numbing waits for results and then having to explain over to the phone how it was going to my parents back in Ireland (my dad was in the British army for 25 years and that was his last posting).

I have great parents and I know they love me so much. They love all of us, my older brother my younger sister and I. Their wedding photos show a handsome couple with lots of friends, both military and civilian. They met in the armed forces, mommy was a truck driver and pops was classified. He said he was with bomb disposal but he'd go off for weeks at a time with no contact allowed. It's a bit suspect really.

Anyways, when I was thirteen we moved to Liverpool as that's where my dad grew up. I had a great time there. New school, New friends, fresh start and all that. I met a girl within a few months and we had a sweet little relationship. We slept together at fourteen and were inseparable. She was and still is the most beautiful girl I've ever known. This is where things started to go bad for me. I don't know why but I just didn't feel right. After much deliberation I decided that life was just too boring. Nothing ever really stuck with me, everything just felt slow, uninspired and dull. It's like I was Buzz from toy story and the world was set in the manner of a cave painting. I just didn't belong. I took a stool and belt up into to loft, I tied the belt around one if the rafters and had a swing about to make sure it was strong enough, smoked my first cigarette, and tied the belt around my neck. I hung for what felt like an eternity. Then the beam snapped. Saved by wood rot. I fell on my ass so hard I had to laugh.

Well here I am eleven and a half years later. I still don't feel I belong. I met a girl two and a half years ago. She was in a relationship with a guy she didn't like too much who was also one of my closest friends, so after some casual flirting and a few drinks we slept together. And we kept sleeping together for six months before she left my buddy. Six months of sex and the loss of most of our friends, she fell pregnant. After a rather turbulent pregnancy she gave birth after eight months to a healthy, if a little underweight, baby boy. We called him Jacob. And he is so awesome. But whenever I look at him, I don't see myself as his father, I see a beautiful baby boy, who looks just like me, acts like me and according to my parents is exactly the same in nature. But I don't see a son. 

Well my girlfriend kicked me out, of my own home I might add. I got home from working a late shift which helped to pay the bills, as she was too tired to work. I worked for twelve hours a day, six days a week so I could provide for her and my child. I couldn't afford to eat, I'm six feet four inches on the dot, and I dropped down to seven and a half stone, that's eighty eight pounds if my math holds. I should be no less than twelve stone, which still is a little skinny for my size. Well anyway I get home one night, and have a cigarette in the porch as I did every night. She came out to me, and with a straight face told me, 'I don't love you anymore, and I haven't loved you for a long time.' It's safe to say I was devastated. I left that night without saying a word. I grabbed two tshirts and a pair of jeans and shoes and went to my parents house. I let myself in with my key, went upstairs to my old room and lay on my bed. And I stayed in that bed for two days, only leaving it twice to go and piss. I didn't sleep or eat, I didn't even scratch an itch I had. I just lay there. My mom came and found me when she was cleaning the house. Asked how long I'd been there I didn't say anything. I didn't speak for another two days.

My mother who now works in the mental health field, recommended that some of her colleagues should come and see me. We had a talk and they decided it would be best if I was kept somewhere I could be monitored full time, which I didn't want. But the decision wasn't up to me, so I was sectioned under the mental health act. I spent four weeks in a mental hospital. It's just as bad as you imagine. I was forced to be in the same building as rapists, murderers and all manner of unstable characters. It was a constant hell of fights with other patients, psychiatric evaluations and different medications being pumped into my body. In short it was hell.

Well here I am now. No girlfriend, no son, no job, no life. I've cancelled all my insurance policies and bills. I've finished all my paintings and songs I was recording. There's nothing tieing my to this world anymore. So I bid you all farewell. And I hope your life is something special and something you love and cherish.

Best regards,

Matt.