Writing my suicide letter.I feel so ungrateful for coming back here and saying i want to kill myself again but it’s so hard i really don’t want to be here anymore and it’s gotten worse so I wrote out my letter incase i do it out of impulse or actually go through with it. I had a terrible mental break down last night i was banging my head against the wall tearing my hair up and sawing at my neck with a knife and trying to choke myself out. Now i’m awake and my head is throbbing so bad and my face looks swollen. I feel like i really have mental illness but i can’t get it fixed because my family can’t afford it so i’m stuck like this until i get help or actually go through with it


With that being said.. What triggered it was my friend. One of my online boyfriends friend looks so much better than me but they’re just friends! She’s super pretty and they’re just friends.. What is he going to think about me when he sees me? I know looks shouldn’t matter this much but boys are very visual and i know that.  We exchanged pictures and i sent a picture of myself and she said “Your hair is so fluffy i want to touch it 😂” What does that mean and what are the laughing emojis suppose to mean..? 

She did say my face was cute but she made more comments on my natural hair than my face. My hair wasn’t even suppose to be the focus.. I don’t like being black. He probably isn’t expecting me to be black lmao. We met in game and he’s character is darker than mine (So was my friend i exchanged pictures with i’ll refer to her as C for now on) so i expect them to be black. Now race really shouldn’t matter i know but i let my other group of friend found out my race and now i’m the butt of the joke. I don’t know why it’s so fucking hard for everyone to accept the fact that i’m black.. My own mom doesn’t even like it and she had me! She says my hair looks manly the natural texture it is so she permed it and now my scalp is damaged because she burned it and my hair looks thin. I missed my hair but i’m growing to hate my hair and my skin. 

I use to love it and be all for black girls magic but i’m going backwards.. Don’t get me wrong i’m in no way saying i hate my people or would disrespect them because how i feel but it’s causing so much problems for me even in my hole life. To top that all of my mom is with someone colorist who doesn’t like darker skin women but is somehow pro black? it makes no sense. And she talks about how we’re less than her and says she’s nor racist and makes me agree with her or else shell act depressed and say she can’t share anything with me anymore.. So i agreed. I had no fucking back bone but if this topic comes up again I WILL tell her how I feel and how it’s wrong.

A bit rambling they’re but yeah i just wanted to talk about that for a bit because being black is really a problem in my house hold unless your a man of course then your seen as manly. I know it’s not healthy to focus on politics but i can’t not focus on it because my step dad constantly shoves down our throats that we’re black and that we have it worse. I try not to get too much into that because i felt secure and i already knew this but i’m really started to question myself and it’s driving me insane not even he wants a BW. I just want to be seen as a normal fucking person. I just want to be seen as human and equal at least and i don’t want my race to make me stand out and i keep seeing people on reddit say “nO ofFeNsE bUt i dOnT fInD bLaCk gIrLs aTtRaCtiVe” Holyshit i get it okay! I’m not attractive you don’t like me i’m seen as a man okay leave me alone about it please..

I’m too weak to exist. I can’t be like this and be black. And my online bf probably assumes i’m white because i sounds like it and i guess “act” like it..? Idk i really didn’t want to make this about race but i feel like that’s all he’ll see me as if i show myself. I don’t wear any hair extensions or anything it’s all natural because people say they don’t like when black girls do it and were fake so i don’t and never really have. But now my hair is a problem i don’t get it 😭 Just so much added BS for no reason other than my race that i have to worry about! 

I hope this doesn’t offend anyone because i’m just speaking about my experience what people said and how i feel about it and the only reason i’m talking about it in this sub reddit is because it’s motivating me even more to kill myself. I want to bleach my skin now.