I'm homeless, jobless, and have lost everything I spent the past decade of my life building.If this isn’t rock bottom, I don’t know what is.

A year ago I was on the cusp of finishing an Associates Degree in Computer Programming, engaged, and living in a very nice apartment with my fiance and our dog.  I was taking 100mg Sertraline (Zoloft) daily until this past December when I stopped because getting my prescription transferred to the city where we had moved proved to be more of a hassle than I was willing to deal with.  The suicidal ideation returned in full-force.  I feel a near-constant voice in my head telling me to kill myself.  Sometimes I find myself saying it out loud, and I can’t stop.  

I was working as a pizza delivery driver and due to a combination of slowed business, bad tips, and my unwillingness to look for supplemental work, I found myself unable to pay all of the bills I had.  I focused on paying rent, my car insurance, my cell phone bill, and Christmas presents for my fiance, while my credit cards and student loans went unpaid, then continued to go unpaid for the following months as it became impossible to recover from the increasing fees.  My anxiety was through the roof at this point, and hasn’t improved.

Around this time, I got involved with a coworker, who was also in a relationship, and we had an affair for several months before she cut me off out of the blue this past April, and refused to speak with me about any of it.  My depression kicked into overdrive and I made plans to prepare an exit bag and kill myself shortly after my 33rd birthday, in May.  I had a tank of helium reserved at a balloon shop in a nearby town.  On the day I had planned to go through with it, I woke up crying, which had been normal for me for several weeks at this point.  The problem being that this time, I couldn’t stop.  My fiance, concerned, called into work and stayed home with me to make sure I was okay.  I confessed to her about the affair I had been having behind her back, and my accumulated debts from unpaid credit card bills and my student loans.  She was devastated by my cheating, but still cared about me and didn’t kick me out.  I spent a month and a half giving her the opportunity to vent her frustrations, ask me questions, and hopefully get whatever closure was possible.  We hadn’t decided whether or not it was possible for us to work things out, but I believe she would have.  I know that she can do better than me, and that I am an emotional and financial burden she doesn’t need, so I made the decision to remove myself.  I would stay until the end of our lease in August and hopefully save up any money that I could to hopefully move into my own apartment.

In early June, after some unpleasant conversations regarding the returns of personal property with the coworker whom I had an affair with, I got into a confrontation with her boyfriend via text/phone calls after he had destroyed somewhere around $120 worth of my property.  I could have avoided it, but I was angry and it was clear he also wanted the confrontation.  The coworker who I’d had the affair with went to our manager and told him that I had threatened her (which I did not).  After meeting with the store manager and a representative from corporate, my hours were cut back to 10 a week.  Her hours were cut back as well, as they had decided to no longer schedule us on the same day, but that really isn’t the point.  I was financially crippled, and felt I had no choice but to move out early.  I quit my job at the end of June, and my ex fiance agreed to pay the full rent for the remaining lease as I would no longer be living there with her.  Last week, I drove out to Fargo, ND, to stay with a friend and try to get back on my feet.

I’ve been here for a week, and while I have applied around for work, I have yet to secure a job.  I am 33 years old, I have $79 in my bank account, which will be overdrawn sometime next week once my car insurance and cell phone bills come out through automatic payments.  I started seeing a therapist last week, and this week she diagnosed me with Borderline Personality Disorder, Post Traumatic Stress Disorder, Dysthymic Disorder, and Generalized Anxiety Disorder.  My ex-fiance, who is also a therapist, believes that I also have an unspecified Dissociative Disorder, however I have repeatedly refused to allow her to use her professional skills to help me.  

I promised my ex that I wouldn’t kill myself, but I don’t know what else to do at this point.  Nothing makes me happy, or feel anything at all for that matter.  I have no motivation outside of the shame of being a burden on yet another person in my life.  I’m tired of trying to hide my depression and crying and pain from everyone.  I don’t want to live anymore and I don’t believe there is any fixing me.