Only alive so I don't hurt familyI really don't know what to do. About 3 months ago my GF of 3 years broke up with me and I know it's atleast 50% my fault it was both our first relationship and we both fought alot and didn't really know how to work things out but she loved me more than anything even up to the end but nothing I can do now. I've never had suicidal thoughts before and now I literally lay in bed all day thinking of how I can. I never in a million years thought I would be posting on the internet about something like this but idk what else to do. I checked myself in about 2 months ago they gave me meds I've talked to drs but nothing help. My future feels over no one in this world would be as perfect as she was and I know anyone else would be 2nd best(if that). A family of my own, kid, ect. Is my only goal in life. I'm a athiest so kids of my own are my only afterlife and that isn't looking too likely.

Everything reminds me of her, I can't even play with my baby neice because she was huge part of both of our lives and it just reminds me of her. I see a cat. I think of her. See a news article about anyone she liked. I think of her. Music movies places food video games you name it. I remember her. I can't even keep a job and I've never been without a job since I was 18( I'm 25 now) I just want to turn it all off but I know it would destroy my family. I stopped talking to my family about it cause they want to put a mental health warrant on me but I know no amount of "help" will help me live with all the regrets I think of all day. I can't even hang out with my friends cause even they remind me of her. 

I swear I wish they didn't care. I wish they would be okay without me. But I know they won't. It's not even my parents as much as it is my youngest sister. Weve become really close in the past couple years and now I can't even hang out with her like I use too. I want to see my neice grow up but all she'll see is someone who isn't what he could of been. I've completely shut down since we broke up. I feel awkward I can't focus on anything (reason I quit my job) I'm just completely useless. I lay in bed eat and look up help for suicide. I'm completely disgusted with myself but I can't help it. Im too the point where I'm just trying to figure out a way to do it with the least about of damage to my family but i know no matter how I do it it'll end there life as they know it but I'm no good to anyone like this and I really don't see a way out. I'm literally just existing like a object so they don't feel sad about me being gone. And I'm to the point where I'm asking people I don't even know for help cause I'm completely helpless at this point