I’ve been having extremely vivid suicidal thoughts, then the one good thing in my life turned out to be just a lie.I found out my bf has been hiding a lot from me. He could be hiding more for all I know... he hid the fact that he was talking to an ex which I would’ve been fine with if he told me upfront, instead I found it in his phone. She even asked “won’t your gf get jealous of us talking?” He said “yea probably but I’ll deal with it.” I found this out 4 days ago, it happened over a month ago. Last night I found out they hung out on one of the only days we weren’t together (we basically live together, aside from the occasional night he goes home to take care of some things). When I asked if he did, he denied it til we went through the messages together. 

I love him more then I think I have ever loved someone. I told him about my past with my ex’s cheating on me doing the same exact things.. it’s like he doesn’t care about me at all. I want things to work bc I honestly thought he was the one, but I don’t know if I can ever trust him. Every opportunity I gave for him to tell me the truth, he decided to hide things instead. For the past 2 weeks my suicidal thoughts have gotten worse, to the point that it scares me. It consumes me at every point. I’ve been having extremely vivid thoughts and I haven’t had them this frequently in a long time. But everytime I saw him, I felt better. I felt safe. I felt loved. He’s the highlight of my day, my best friend, and the love of my life. I’m going to try to be strong... but I have no clue how. 

The fact that I gave him my full trust and I thought that he would never lie or hide things from me like the others did... only to find out he’s just like them... I can’t trust anyone. I’m not saying that if i do go through with it that it’s because of him, it’s just like it was that one good thing I had. Everything else has been so shitty lately. The world is so cruel, and I thought I found the one nice genuine person... but I was wrong. There are no good people.