Sort of tore my arm up after boiling over. (trigger self harm)I am, to say the least, angry. I am so. Fucking. Angry. I haven't harmed myself in at least four years, I haven't made suicide attempts in seven and all under the might of the mighty mind after being diagnosed with depression and bipolar disorder pretty young. Not to say it hasn't entered my mind, though, because fuck I'd love to bite it right now. Life is a huge fucking struggle, like tearing up a muddy hill and I'm not getting a god damn place doing it.

I put up with an abusive situation because I was told that when I graduated I could move on. I put a stop the the abusive situation (at least physically) and decided to fucking hang in there, just a little bit longer. I have a job, I'm fighting like hell to get the money to move to the east coast and working a shitton of hours a week at a buck fifty over minimum wage without overtime (fuck entertainment. Fuck EVERYTHING about entertainment) as the primary person for this position (so when people flake out I get called in. If I don't come in, I have a shitton of work to do the next day :D). My hours + everyone's schedule + money + assorted bullshit leaves little time for hobbies or dicking around, which is fine because I've gotten to the point that very little makes me happy. I used to draw. NOT ANYMORE. I have very little interest in it and everything I've managed to doodle or produce comes out shit. I can't put lines down to save my life (not that I could before, I just especially can't right now). I have games? They get pointless and repetitive if you play them for any amount of time. Even the sand boxes. Talking to to SO? Fun but I'm a lousy fucking 'better half'. Had an interest in sewing but I can't afford a sewing machine and I don't have the time/patience for needle and thread. Did that shit once, the result was utter crap and kept falling apart.

I've been fighting and fighting and fighting with very little headway towards moving because I have a leech for a parent that I love dearly in spite of all the bullshit he put me through. The kicker, though? It's at least another half year (if not longer) until I can move. And that, my friends, is called a boil over point. I am trapped. I just tore into my arm with teeth and nails. Minimal damage, but I remembered why I used to do this sort of shit and I hate myself more for it because I had a momentary loss of self control. That and another rather logical approach to biting the bullet... That's a lot easier to ignore than nail/tooth marks, however. Maybe because I'm used to it by now.

I have no idea what the point of this is, I don't really have anyone to talk to because the SO get upset/dismissive which leads me to getting angry with/attacking them (more loss of control. I'm a shitty person, I accept this. I'm sorry.) and I don't have a 'peer group'. Lol. I'm going to rant here and then go to bed, buck up in the 'morning' after a good sleep (as much as I doubt that happening).

tl;dr: Trappedtrappedtrappedtraptrappedtraptraptraptrappppedfuckmetrapped. If my situation was a person, I'd murder it in the most painful way possible. Oh, did I mention it's like having your leg in a fucking snare? CHEW THAT BITCH OFF. That's exactly what I want to do right now.