I just wanna tell everybody I’m gonna kill myself soon.My home life has always been super stressful.

I had a dream last night that my parents got in a fight, and my dad started hitting my mom over and over and over until finally she died. She wasn’t bleeding or anything, but was dead and it was so scary, it was the most real dream and I can hardly even see my screen rn with all my tears. Last week was the only week in months that was good. I went to school every day, parents didn’t fight, and got good grades. After having that dream I woke up just feeling super terrible. To sum it up, my mom always flips out on me (she goes insane) and then I end up flipping out and then I absolutely can’t go to school bc I’m a mess. Today it felt different though. I ran to the bathroom and I felt like I was going to be killed (my parents are both great people they wouldn’t kill me). My mom was talking to me outside the bathroom door and I remember leaning a little bc I genuinely felt for a second she had a gun to the door and was gonna shoot me if I said I wasn’t coming out.

I was in my bathroom basement where it is very “undone”. It has no shower, just a toilet in a tiny room with cinder block walls and a sliding wooden door. I looked around and could imagine me chopped up on the floor dead or something.

I ended up sleeping after my mom finally stopped going absolutely insane on me and then my dad. I would like to add, I usually never freak out until she does. I had full intentions on going to school, but then she made stuff so much worse by going insane on me.

I’ve always had “suicide thoughts” but I think everybody sometimes thinks to themselves “god I would rather be dead rn” but that always goes away and they would never kill themselves. Today, once my mom left I went up in my room and made it as dark as I could to relax. 

I started thinking, “if I killed myself an hour ago, by now it would be done, I would be gone, I wouldn’t even feel the pain anymore”. This way of looking at death is a way I can look at it where I could be alright with killing myself. The whole time I’m dying, even if it’s painful, I can just keep telling myself “it’s almost done it’s almost done” and it will be.

I remember laying down telling God “If you let me die rn when I sleep I won’t mind” and looking back, if I died a few hours ago, no, I don’t mind.

I don’t think I’ll kill myself today or maybe even soon. But I could any time I want now. 

Tomorrow is my birthday and it’ll also be a Snow Day. I won’t have my phone or anything, so I can’t make plans with any friends. With that said, I’m planning on waking up, laying on my floor, not eating, going to my weekly Wednesday therapy appointment, and then just continue to lay down. 

I just wanted to get everything out there. I’m probably crazy too now. I’m probably just a mentally insane person. 