I am done.I am tired. Only thirty five years spent on this planet, inside this unexplored over encompassing universe and I am already tired. I have spent my life thus far trying to be a good person. I am no saint, far from perfect. I try to stand for things like honesty, trust, love, honor, open mindedness, acceptance. I have tried to stand for others rights whether I agree with it or not. 

I just can not stand a world where I must lie to get a job. I can’t be honest, because if I am I will not get a job. I don’t want to live in a world where I have to tell people what they want to hear just so I can buy my food. I do not want to live in a world where we are brainwashed, fooled, and duped into believing the lies of our so called leaders. I don’t want to live in a world where the most important things are material goods. I don’t want to live in a world where money is the cause of murder, theft, hate, jealousy and is the real power of what makes the decisions where we live. I don’t want to live in a world where fellow human beings care for no other life than their own. All based upon greed. We all have it. We all want things. We all want our money. We all want our shit, our crap, our material goods. I don’t want to live in a world where these things are more important then our spiritual and mental growth and places a actual value on human life.. 

The universe is not fair. A popular question is “Who said the world is fair”? No one said it was, but that does not mean we can not make it fair. This shoddy excuse for a question is what is used to excuse our actions of being assholes to each other. To self serve. To amplify, and justify our greedy nature. 

If one man is capable of merely the thought, the desire, and actually tries to be none of these things then every other being here is capable. They just do not want to try. Instead they want their money. They want their nice cars, their private aircraft and other material goods that set them above the others. They create wars to continue the cycles of demand in many aspects of life.

Most of humanity has made me lose faith in the people of earth. Why bother living in a world of hate and greed? Why deal with it when I don’t have to? A permanent slumber is better than the shit the humans do to each other. The ratio of honest good people vs. the selfish, self fulfilling people is vastly unbalanced. 

I have spent the last few years trying to find work. I have spent the last few years just trying to get an education. I wanted to go overseas and marry the woman of my dreams. I’m sorry honey. So sorry. I have given you false hope, and now I have to break my promise.

Mother I am sorry to have been such a strain on you. You tried, I tried, but I failed. I love you and my cashew and this is why I have to go. You both have to move on. Live your lives. It will be better off with out me. I now sit and wait for the moment when I can finish it. 