My father seems to be giving up.I received a phone call today from my uncle (aunt's second husband who happens to be a doctor) about my diabetic father.  He was reaching out to me because, as he put it, he couldn't stand by and not reach out to me and my siblings while my dad allowed his health to deteriorate to the point that he could hurt himself of die.

According to to my uncle, my 58 year old father has consciously not been taking his insulin, he's dropped a bunch of weight, and is most likely suffering from some kind of clinical depression.  My uncle has also told me that my father has been lying about taking his insulin and that when finally caught in the lie, expressed that his reason for not taking his medication is that he no longer wants to live.

The depression thing isn't really something out of the blue, my dad checked himself into a psychiatric hospital shortly after leaving (some would say abandoning) my mother and me and my brother and sister.  I didn't actually find out about this psychiatric episode until years later.  My sister and I happened to be in college at the time, but my brother was 15 and still finishing high school.  Our house ended up getting foreclosed on and things were pretty tough for a while there.  I'm pretty sure he's been on some regiment of anti-depressants, zoloft, prozac, etc. since.

My mother thinks that my father may suffer from undiagnosed bi-polar disorder and talks about how he would have these manic phases followed by, as she put it, "hitting rock bottom".

A little context would help here, I think.  My dad founded and owned a very successful home building company in the 80's.  At one point, he was a millionaire, had a company jet, nice cars, etc.  My mom refers that that as the "Gatsby days".  Apparently there was some kind of scandal between him and a young intern at the company and he was forced out of the company that he founded with his brother.  Things seemed ok for a while, from the perspective of an 10 year old anyway.

As I got older, I noticed that we stopped going on vacation, my mom had to get a job substitute teaching so that we had healthcare for my younger brother who had asthma since my dad was technically self-employed (he was a real estate developer), things stopped getting fixed around the house, etc. and then my dad had an episode with his health where he went into a diabetic coma and from that point forward, he was a diabetic, making getting health insurance even more difficult.

Flash forward to my sophomore year in college and my father is having to go out of state to find work as a building contractor and one day just isn't answering calls and we find out that my mom and brother have to be out of the house we grew up in because it is being foreclosed.

Eventually my dad divorced my mom, which is really strange since she probably had more of a reason to divorce than he did and she still wanted to work things out.

To say that the relationship between my father and his kids was strained would be an understatement. From the age of 20 until about 28, I probably spoke to my father less than 10 times.  We were all still reeling from our family, as we knew it, being torn apart when he left, although my younger sister and brother seemed to reach out to him earlier than I did.

They say time heals all wounds and eventually we all began having a somewhat "normal" relationship with our dad, to the point that we keep up with each other on a pretty consistent basis, which can be difficult since everyone in my immediate family live in different cities (although in the same region).  He happens to be a pretty fun, funny, intelligent guy to hang out with, now that we're all adults.

So the most current status is that he has been living in my aunt and uncle's second house, rent free, for the past 2 years, I believe he was living with his mother before that, and had remarried and then divorced before that.  He has been having a hard time finding work.  He works as a contractor and the economy hasn't been so hot in the housing sector, in case you hadn't heard.  I've also come to discover that he's having legal trouble, the nature of which I hope to discover when I go visit him this weekend with my brother.  He's supposed to be going to the doctor tomorrow to get a check up and get back on insulin, as well as get his head scanned.  Part of the new found focus seems to be from that fact that my sister is pregnant again after miscarrying her first pregnancy, although I hope this is more than just trying to prevent himself from dying before her first child is born so as not to stress out my sister and put the pregnancy in jeopardy.  I hope he has a genuine intrest in seeing his first grandchild born and grow up.

I feel like my dad's life has seen a lot of great success, only to be punctuated by great loss.  He lost a fortune, for a time, his family, and now he can't find consistent work, is most likely being sued, and is bumming a place to stay off his brother-in-law.  He's always had a veneer of contentment and happiness, although lately it seems like most of the conversations I've been having with him are rote and pretty superficial.  He doesn't really want to share anything real about how he's doing, just that he hasn't been "handling things very well" and that he doesn't want to burden us.  He's also always been a proud, if not completely honest, man.

I and my siblings do love him very much and I don't want to see him give up and maim himself or die because life is hard.  This whole thing seems really passive aggressive.  He doesn't seem happy and when I pressed him about trying to turn things around with his health and with his life, there was an aire of uncertainty about the whole thing that was very disconcerting.

I know that we have to be supportive and let him know that the people in his life love and care what happens to him.  I don't think he's a lost cause.

Anyway, sorry for the wall of text.  I needed to get that off my chest.

Thanks.