When will I feel like I'm good enough...I'm a 21 year old gay male at rock bottom, and I really just don't see any point in continuing to try.  I just don't know if this salmon has anymore willpower to keep swimming upstream.

As a child, I was intensely harassed for my perceived sexual orientation.  It wasn't *all* bad, but to this day I still flinch a bit when I hear someone yell "faggot."  Amidst the harassment, my parents divorced because my dad was becoming increasingly abusive towards me.  Though I had no hand in the decision, in his eyes it was my fault for "driving my parents apart."  He no longer speaks to me.

When I entered college, I decided to try dating for the first time.  A month into my first relationship, I developed a severe case of Body Dysmorphic Disorder.  Because of how hideous I believed I was, I ended the relationship citing my ugliness as the reason we couldn't be together.  Might sound ridiculous, but that's what happened.  Since the breakup, my body dysmorphic disorder spiraled out of control.  I became morbidly depressed and would stay housebound for many days in a row.  I tried to get help from several professionals but was told repeatedly that I was "too severe."

In order to keep up with classes, I began using amphetamines (Adderall).  This quickly spiraled into an addiction that eventually entwined Xanax as well to manage the intense comedowns from my binges.  I dropped out of college, totaled my car and got a DUI, and then went to the psych ward three different times.  Twice was for (near lethal) benzodiazepine overdosages, once was for more-intense-than-usual suicidal ideation.  I have been clean from amphetamines and other hard drugs for 4 months now.  While my life is slowly restabilizing, I don't see it restabilizing into something worthwhile.

I know I have a lot to offer the world.  Hell, I have a genius IQ and want to use it to buy shots of happiness all around.  I've been tutoring Calculus for free as I get back on my feet because it gives my life some purpose, and for the most part people just tell me they're happy I'm still alive.

But at the end of the day, all I still think about is how people will never truly take me seriously because I'm an awkward androgynous gay nerd that believes he's far too ugly for love.  I don't even enjoy most porn, let alone sex, because I usually just start thinking about how undesirable I am.

The worst thing is that there really isn't a lot of evidence to support my self-perceptions.  People get excited to see me, they tell me how much they love me, I get hit on fairly often, etc etc etc.  At the end of the day I still can't shake this debilitatingly intense feeling of worthlessness that is driving me to suicide.

Can anyone else relate to this feeling?

I'm not going to lie, but I've been looking forward to getting my wisdom teeth removed just so that I can use the oxycodone prescription to attempt suicide.  And for that, I feel even more pathetic.