I dont know what I'm thinking.his might end up being a wall of text, so I apologize in advance.

My life has been crazy these past few months, and it's a bit of a long story... So, about four or five years ago (I will be 20 next month), I met and ended up in a relationship (with somebody who I went to an elementary school dance with in earlier years, just so you know how long we have known eachother.) We had alot in common, music, arts, movies, things along those lines. We both were edgy kids who cried about our depression and slit our wrists because fuck living. we both were "in love" with each other (we were both 14 at the time) and it was really a good experience. We eventually started going back and forth for a few months and eventuality split up for mutual reasons. I never really lost feelings for her. I'd harm myself because of this almost daily throughout high school, and my depression bloomed. She knew I still had feelings but she was doing her own thing and I respected that. 

I went through a traumatic phase at the age of 14, and started meeting with men from the internet, and had sex. I did this at my own free will through an app. I claimed I was 18. These men were sometimes older than 40 and I regret this every day that I am alive. I feel as though I was taken advantage of at a very young age. This occurred for about 2 years. I kept this a secret. I have never been tested for STDs because I am scared, but I dont believe I have any symptoms.

Skip to senior year in high school, we never really stopped talking, kind of more of acquaintances then friends but we still knew what we were doing with ourselves. I watched her go through an abusive relationship which lasted a few years, and it really hurt to watch, I feel like I could've saved her from that. We eventually ended up having a class together, and we started talking alot more. Long story short we ended up going to prom together and I had a really good time, I thought things went well. Dropped her off at her house and gave her a hug. I went to hangout with some other friends afterwards, who let me know that she actually went to go talk to her ex (the abusive one) after I dropped her off, and they ended up getting back together, the night of prom. This was the start of my darkest time. Why didnt she at least tell me? Why do I even still have feelings for her? Whatever. We stopped talking for the rest of the school year and never really talked again.  My self harming never stopped and got exceedingly worse. I had deep cuts on both arms from elbow down, I stopped caring about everything, and all I wanted was to end my life. I still worked at my shitty part time job. I ended up doing alot of drugs (snorting/popping pills, cocaine, bud) after graduating and stopped talking to everyone I knew. I became even more alone and developed crippling social anxiety. 

A month short of a year ago, I got a new job that paid decent money, my self harming still didnt stop and I still had feeling for this girl. She broke up with the abusive guy about a year after graduating and got right into a new relationship with another guy. We still didnt talk but I still knew how her life was going. A few months into my new job, it turns out she also got a job at the same place. My plan was to kill myself before she started, but I couldn't pull through. We also had a mutual friend who also worked there, which made it a little better in a sense that I would be involved in conversations with her, but worse in a sense that I would have to endure being in her presence. All I thought about everyday was that ending my life would be the only thing that could really make my happy. She was still with her new bf and always complained about him to me, I started giving her support and advice and we started regularly talking. We had conversations about our lives and had a better understanding of eachother. Eventually. They ended. And I confessed to her how I felt. We had a discussion after work one night that contained how we felt about each other. It turned out she had feelings for me, and I was astonished but didnt act on anything yet since her wounds from her last relationship were fresh.

 A few months down the line. We've been talking and becoming pretty close. One night after work she wanted us and a few people from work to go to a 24/7 dinner. We went and she was being super flirty the entire time, the night ended with us in my car, since I drove us there and ended in a kiss. It was little awkward, but it was the happiest I've been in years. we've been close since then and basically act like a couple (kissing, cuddling, ect
..) and I was the happiest I've been in years. But I still continue to have suicidal thoughts. I still have not been checked for STDs. I still think about when I was younger. I'm still anxious, depressed, and I fucking hate myself. 

Recently we were alone in my car together (as usual after leaving work and parking up somewhere since it would be too late to go to either of our houses) and thing got turned to the topic of sex. I ended up explaining to her what occurred when I was younger. This was the first time I've told somebody this. She took this very understandingly and open minded and explained it does not change her feelings for me and we agreed I should go to a clinic. We recently had sex a few days after the conversation, with a condom until I am checked (she is okay with this, and I made sure of it with her at least a thousand times.)  And I don't know if I regret it or not. I really want this to work, we aren't officially together,  What if I have something, even with a condom it could happen. I could have just fucked up her life.

I still want to kill myself.

I put myself in a bad mindset and decided if things dint work out I'll end it

Today we went to Walmart after work and I guess I was visibly upset on the drive there. When we park she explained that, and that shes worried about me, that the friend who also works with us spoke with her the other day and said that shes worried about us becoming close again, and how she thinks if her and I dont work out shes worried I'm going to end my life. Which was my gameplan... I didnt say anything for about a minute, everything just kind of built up in my head all at one and I ended up hysterically crying in front of her. I didnt really explain to her why, I left it at "I dont know" which is acceptable for her since she knows the effects of depression.

I care for her deeply, but I still want to die.

I never thought this opportunity would ever happen, and I still want to blow my head off. 

I almost wish this wasnt happening so I could've killed myself without getting this close and end up hurting her even more than she already is. 

I dont know what to do, and I feel lost.