I'm not sure what to do anymoreI'm a 16 year old male, and for the first time, I'm truly ready to die.

In the past, I've had suicidal thoughts. I've attempted a few times, but quickly stopped from fear. But I feel like I'm ready to die now.

My mental health is in freefall, and I feel completely lost. I feel like that's a big misconception about depression. For me, the world isn't crashing and burning around me - the world is fine. I'm the one that's crashing.

I've tried to cope in many different ways over the past few years - self harm, self poisoning, hurting my body against objects, eating too much, eating too little, etc. Hell, I even had a masturbation addiction at one point. I hate that I couldn't stop myself from doing these things, but I understand why I did them - to transform emotional pain to physical pain.

I don't trust my parents. Whenever someone is upset in my house (which is mainly me), they immediately get annoyed. I tried to open up to them in the past but it's like they're completely unfeeling towards it, even trying to avoid talking about it at all. I remember one time I self harmed and didn't try to hide it. I guess that was my way of going "please, PLEASE notice me. Please, see what is happening. I need your help." But when my parents saw, all they did was scold me for it. They called me childish and said I was only doing it for attention. In a way, I guess I was.

I just wanted them to listen. Whenever I mess up, it's all verbal insults. Recently, I started sixth form, and to avoid my ever-darkening thoughts, I buried myself in work, completing notes for a 2-year A-Level course in the timespan of 6 days. My parents kept saying I should have a work-life balance, so I started playing Minecraft while on call with my friends. They didn't like that. They started calling me lazy, and saying I do nothing anymore. I didn't know what to think, or how to feel anymore. Whenever I try to go up to my room throughout the day, they get mad, saying I disappear. They make me spend as much of the day downstairs with them as possible, but we don't do anything together. Except when we're forced to watch movies together EVERY NIGHT. They don't even care about what I want.

To clarify, I live in a family of 6, and have 3 siblings. I'm the oldest, and so am forced to look after them. This is fine, but it's like my parents expect me to be their full-time parent, and they barely do anything anymore. My sisters are 5 and 6 years old, and I'm expected to help them with all their homework. My brother, who is 12, has autism. I am also expected to help him with any work he has. Along with this, I have chores. A lot of them. I do the dishes, hoovering the house (which is reasonably large), do all the dust, clean the bathrooms, wash the outside of both my parent's cars, along with hoovering the inside of the cars. I have to cut the grass in the garden, along with shower my sisters, and hoover downstairs every single day. I do not get paid for this, but I never expected to get paid for helping my family. My problem is that they don't do anything to help me, instead scolding me when I accidentally mess up, or if I haven't cleaned properly.

I can't take this responsibility anymore, along with all the work I have from school, and all the exams I have to prepare for. It's too much.

I've tried to speak to my parents about this, but, as you might have guessed by now, all they do is get angry with me and punish me even more - taking away my phone and laptop, the second of which I actually need for my homework and studying. They don't care.

I know I'm not perfect - I'd argue I'm on the worse side of humanity. I find myself getting angry quite easily, along with panicked. When my sisters start arguing with me or lying, I get really stressed and angry, often arguing or shouting back. The same goes for my 12 year old brother. We get into fights, with him taunting me or hitting me, and I hit back, but I hit back hard (due to me being older). I feel terrible for it. I tend to self harm whenever I do - as punishment.

I've tried to talk about some of this to my parents, but they get mad at me. So, naturally, I decided to confide in my close friends.

I don't hang around many people. 5 or 6 of the people I talk to I would consider my friends, but I only have 3 close ones. One of them, when I talked to about this, sympathized, and understood more than most. But, over time, I was constantly being reminded how I'm doing better off than most people, yet I'm still complaining about life. It hurts even more because what he is saying is true, and I have no excuse for that. Another friend, one which I considered my closest for a long time, was told by me about my self harm and depression. She started making me promise to not do it, on the condition that if I did, she would stop eating, or hurt herself. I've grown apart from her, which I'm glad. I can't deal with that anymore, making empty promises, and hurting people when I inevitably break them. The last of my close friends doesn't know about any of this. They only noticed I self harmed, but only brought it up once. I don't want to tell them though. I know if I will, they'll see me differently, and I can't do that anymore - not to myself, and not to them, either.

I hardly sleep anymore. Whenever things go quiet, my suicidal thoughts and urge to self harm return. That's why I try to keep my mind busy at all times. When I'm doing something, I like to have my phone playing anything in the background, just so it distracts me more and more. I can't sleep easily, but I also sleep too much afterwards. It's all a vicious cycle, and my parents are getting more and more mad with me, and I hate myself more and more for disappointing them every day.

I know that if I keep on living, I'll end up hurting myself, or someone else. I can't afford to keep hurting people. I just want to die, and move on, anywhere.

I take medication for Raynaud's, which also doubles as high blood pressure medication. Since I have trouble sleeping, there would be no trouble me getting sleeping pills prescribed. Obviously, I'll try them a few days beforehand, to test how strong they are, and how long the effects are. Then, on a night where I know I won't be disturbed, I will take more high blood pressure medication than I should - this should slow my body's functions, even if it is a little bit. Then, I will take more than enough sleeping medication, and go to bed, with a plastic bag wrapped around my head via rubber bands, or something of the sort. I will wear a cap so that the bag doesn't stick to my face, and have a large enough bag so that I pass out before I lose oxygen.

I'll leave my suicide note on my desk, which would only contain me telling my family and friends how much I loved them, and how sorry I am - I won't be mentioning any of this thread, etc. I will then fall asleep, and eventually run out of oxygen, at which point my brain will begin decaying, and I will eventually die due to cerebral hypoxia. A peaceful end, and a quiet one too. The body would be mostly preserved.

I don't expect anyone to read all of this, but if you have, thank you. Truly. You've already done more than my family or friends ever have. I tried to talk to everyone, I've tried every option. I've tried self destructive methods like self-poisoning, self harming, not eating, eating a lot, sleeping too much, not sleeping, etc. I've tried "normal" methods such as therapy, opening up, but nothing has worked, and I believe it's far too late for me.

I'm just so lost, and I feel like death is my only escape. Even if it wasn't, I feel like it's the preferable option.

If there's anything you could say to help, or to give advice on, please do. I don't want sympathy, I just want to know if there's any better alternatives than death in my current situation. I just want to be at peace, and I'm sorry you've ever had to read this.