Brother keeps threatening suicide, refuses professional help.So this whole mess began just 4 days ago when he called the suicide hotline and they had an ambulance bring him to a hospital for an evaluation. They let him out the same day and gave him a note to take the day off from work. 

The very next day he called my mother saying he was ready to go and he was done with life. He told her he would jump in front of a car. I called him as my mom headed over to see him in person and I kept his attention on the phone until my father made it to his apartment. My parents had a long talk with him and he worked out a plan, including a dr visit and therapy, to start fixing some of the issues that have lead to this and he promised to check in with my mother twice a day to let her know he's doing alright. Everything was looking fine until tonight he snapchatted my brother a picture of 9 xanax and his alcohol and turned his phone off. 

With no way to get in touch, my brother who lives a bit closer (25 minutes) drove to his apartment and called the police who said to call them back when he gets there if he doesn't answer. Well thankfully he did answer his door but despite everything he tried, my brother refused to give him the pills and told him to leave or he would call the police because he's trespassing. 

So with his phone off, we have no idea if he's alive at this point or not. He has told us to not call 911 or any emergency services or he would kill himself for sure when he gets back to his place. We are left in a situation where he refuses any help, and has caused the whole family to be worrying 24/7 while there is nothing we are able to do. 

Is there anything someone out there can think of that we can do? Or do we sit around until he makes good on his threats? Only idea I have after reading a bit online is involuntary commitment but I fear that would make the situation worse if it even worked out. He has no history of suicide or any attempts so they would probably send him on his way. 