I really dont want to kill myself, but it just seems like the only option. Depressed for most my life. I'm a eighteen year old guy. Ive always been suicidal, but right now it makes so much sense in my head. Their is really no other way anymore. 

I live with my brother and his wife due to me being messed up in the head. I cut all my friends off. And started a new school, 4th time again. Only this time im 2 years behind. Why? because of depression. While your trying to battle your demons its not like school and work waits for you. 
Honestly RN my true issue is school. In my country this is my last shot no matter what. If i Flunk out or get bad grades their is no opportunity  left to retry. Plus i got  kicked out my house  last year for being lazy n depressed. But if i fail school right now my brother will kick me out too. I'll be completly homeless. I just have no energy left anymore. My brother has really been my lifeline. He tried everything to sort me out. I appriciate the fuck outta everything he's Done for me. I mean the Least i can do is just go to school and attend in class and finish. But my depression has taken the worst toll possible on me right now. Fighting through this doesnt seem realistic anymore. Ive been thru it all. Adhd meds, anti anxiety meds, anti psycotics.  I have hobbies but i have no energy left to do anything at all. Ive been like this before. My solution was always to bind my time. But i have no time left to do so. Reality is no one will wait for you. So dont understand why people say "your 18 you have your whole life ahead of ya" 
ive been alone sense a youth lived with every relative my mom could ship me to. I was always bounced around like a hot potato, house to house.  I'm so full of regret and anger. I'm planning to hike in the Woods for some time then hang myself on a tree. It just really sucks that it has to be this way. I  just have no way to fully express myself extrernally nor talk freely. Im rambling RN but idk. Its like all this hard work for nothing. I cant stand myself. I have Two older sisters in my family that's been raped before, yet they still Carry on with their life. They still live succéssfully life. Laugh and all that. I just dont understand how some can do it. I just feel like such a cry baby. I do think suicide is cowardly but im even too much of a bitch to do it. I'll get over it. I really dont know why i decided to turn towards reddit. I have the answers already. I think i might be seeking validation. So i can just do this already with out being a bitch. English isnt my Native tounge sorry