Having a hard time coping with the suicide of my girlfriendMy girlfriend commited suicide at the end of June. One evening, after a day we spent just hanging out in her room, she said she was going to go take a bath. I thought nothing of it as she'd been acting quite normal and cheerful throughout most of the day (she'd been acting depressed in the weeks leading up to her suicide due to a falling out with her family and the suicide of her close friend a few months prior). I drifted off to sleep when she went upstairs, only to wake up 3 hours later with her not there. I went upstairs to check on her and could hear the bath still running. There was no response after I knocked on the door and called her name. I kicked the bathroom door down to find her in her underwear, wearing make-up, completely submerged in the bath, with a book with residue of some unknown powder, an empty baggy and straw on it. I called an ambulance, attempted CPR, but the paramedics said she'd been dead a few hours after they had arrives and there was nothing that could be done.

While over the summer, I managed to cope fairly well by keeping busy through spending a lot of time with people close to me, I am currently suffering from soul-crushing loneliness and depression. I know I'm not alone in this, as I have very close friends I can turn to for support, but there are days where I feel totally hopeless and isolated and talking to people and doing simple tasks feel like the hardest things in the world. I don't think I've ever had such a connection with someone in my entire life and now it feels like a part of me is gone now that's she's gone. I think about her and her suicide every single day and I know I'm never going to be the same person again. I feel like I have a void inside of me that no matter what I do, will never go away. I've accepted the fact that she's gone, and that there was nothing anything anyone could have done to stop her from taking her own life, but it's something I can't not think about. What pains me the most was that I had no idea of the extent of the pain she was going through, and although I tried to get her to open up a couple of times, I know I could have tried harder. She left no note, or any sort of goodbye, so I will never understand what she was truly going through. All I want to do is hug her and tell her everything is going to be OK. 

I started a masters degree this year hoping that it would help keep me busy and keep my mind off things, but it seems to have had an opposite effect and now I worry I'm not actually well enough mentally to go through with it, and that it's all going to be a waste of time and money. While I'm attending the majority of my classes and lectures, I'm experiencing zero motivation to carry out independent study and completing assignments.

There are many mornings where I wake up, and all I want to do is go back to sleep again in order to escape reality, sometimes hoping I'd never wake up. I occasionally have suicidal thoughts but I know that I'll never act on them as I can never do such a thing to the people that care about me. I'm just at a complete loss of what to do and I don't think I'll ever get better.

I'm not sure what I hope to gain out of this post but I feel I just needed to get this off my chest.