Struggling even more, truly can’t see how it can ever get better.I posted a couple of months ago about feeling suicidal after my mom’s death. It’s been 4 months today since she passed, and I feel worse than ever. Every day I wake up and wish I was dead and hope today is the day I get to go. I talk to my mom every day and beg her to come get me, just let me go, let me be with her, etc. Maybe that sounds stupid, but I think if she has anything to do with it from her side now, she wouldn’t let me die. But then I think that if I’m not going to die naturally anytime soon, I could just do it myself and go now and not have to wait. The grief is just swallowing me whole. I hate being alone anymore because the loneliness of not having my mom just sends me spiraling into an emotional breakdown. Even just being alone driving to the store is long enough to kick the grief into full force. I can’t distract myself, although I’ve tried really hard to find something to keep my mind busy enough, started new hobbies and everything. 

I went to therapy for a couple of months, but as soon as I could manage not crying during an appointment, the counselor said I was getting better and started cutting my appointments down. The truth was that I could make it through the appointment but then went to my car and cried. I told her I didn’t think what I was doing with her was helping, as pretty much her only advice was to keep myself busy, and she said she didn’t think I “even wanted to get better.” That was the last time I went, about a month ago I guess. I’m open to another counselor and have even been searching online for someone locally who may be a good fit, but my problem is that I can’t see how things can ever get better when the only thing that could make it better is to have my mom back, and obviously that’s never going to happen until I get to die and be with her on the other side. 

I’m just so tired. It’s only been four months, but that’s four months too long. I’m so tired of feeling so sad and lonely and depressed that I would rather be dead. After she died, my desire to marry and have kids has all but disappeared because I can’t do it without her. Those are the only two things that even seem like they might be worth living for, but if I can’t even do them anymore without her, what’s left? I have a wonderful partner who I love deeply, so I feel really guilty about feeling like I’d rather leave than stick around for him. The only time I feel even remotely decent is when I’m with him, but I can’t be with him every minute, and I feel like it’s unfair to put that responsibility of always trying to make sure I’m alright and spending all his time with me when he deserves to have his own space and time too. We’ve always talked about having kids, but on top of the fact that I don’t even know that I could be a good mom anymore, once I have kids who depend on me, I know I have to stick around for them and honestly I feel like I want to option to die without worrying about leaving kids behind and putting them through what I’m going through. 

I’m not really sure what I’m hoping for in response, but I just needed to put it out there, I guess. I’ve been honest, especially in the beginning, about wanting to die with people in my life. They don’t know what to say. At most they say “you can’t because I couldn’t live without you,” but I can’t live without my mom, so why is it more fair that I have to live with this pain every day than if they had to live with me being gone? I don’t know. I guess I’m just wondering if anyone has any perspective on how to deal with wanting to die when the reason you want to die will never resolve or get better or go away? If it was just a bad situation in my life or a bad relationship or something that could be temporary or resolved, I could pull myself out of it eventually. But my mom is gone forever, so I can’t see how it can ever get better. I can’t get to a point where I can “live for her and make her proud” or “be happy because that’s what she would have wanted” or whatever else everyone says in situations like this. I’m just scared and lost without her and wish it would just end already.