Here's my suicide note.I am not sure how I should make people feel less guilty, is there anything i can do? I have weighed the pros and cons, so please dont try to talk me out of it.

To Nolan:
Thank you for being there when I needed it. I can't put it in words how much you meant to me. I'm sorry i don't know you much, and please don't take it personally. I know you care, and don't want to feel like you didn't do something that you should've. You can be angry with me, if it helps you. I'm sorry I don't know you that well, but seeing you truly made me happy.
To the bolls:

 Thank you so much for the amazing support you guys have given me.  I can't say how much I appreciated it in my life. You guys probably know where I am now, and please try not to dwell on this. Move on with life. Be happy. If this is what it takes, forget about me. I'm sorry I have taken myself away from people, but my decisioin will be permanent. Final. I guess I'll wait until this is final. Rachel, please don't blame yourself. You have been really supportive and I migh have done this earlier If you hadn't helped me.  I can't explain how you all meant to me. I'm in a better place now. And, if it helps, by any means be angry with me. Hey, remember that time at youth group when I missed the chair and fell flat?
To Mom and dad:
I am deeply sorry that I feel like I have to do this. Please, try to move on as best you can. I know you aren't perfect, but can you please try to minimize the fighting after I'm gone? thank you.  I didn't mean to take myself away from you, I feel like I am a burden more than a benefit, so I'm leaving. Permanently. If it helps you guys, take the blame out on me. I won't be here to hear you guys. If possible, please don't fight eachother. Thank you.

To my teachers:
I would like to thank you for the impact you had on me. You are the ones who teach doctors, future presidents, and buisness leaders. Indirectly, because of you, thousands of lives may be saved. I thank you for this, however I may not be oe of them. Even you, Mrs. Cip. I feel you may potentially teach a future president. You may hate your job, but if you wanna quit I say, if you think your job is shit, quit the job. Be happy, and move on. (: Ps, Mrs. Cip you may hate my guys, though  I thank you for giving me a nice dose of reality.

To Mrs. Weaver:
Thank you again, for teaching the future generation of society. You may think you are "simply doing your job, " however, you don't realise how boring life would be without mathematics. To me, I viewed it as a second language. Thank you.

To Mrs Keeler/Mrs. Hellberg.
I thank you. You have helped provide me with a beautiful hobby, reading. Reading has put me in a different world, worlds that I know better than the physical world we live in. Imagery has helped me truly know what i am reading about. Like Melinda, I have failed to speak and now it's too late. I'm sorry.

To the Zieglers:
1.A) To Mrs. Ziegler
Thank you for being a brightspot in my life. Please don't take this personally, as I hope you know it isn't your fault. I'm not sure if this is helping, however if it helps, as I've told everyone else, please don't take it out on yourself. If it helps rant "to me. " Take your anger out on me. Thank you.

To Mr Ziegler:
I know I haven't talked to you much, but I feel like I have to address the few conversations I have had with you. I had a good time every one of those conversations, and thank you for that. Sorry that I can't give an explanation.

To Nathan:
Thank you, for being their as I need it. The things you have showed me in MMA have actually helped a bit. I learned to stand up for myself. I believe you said "Just start hitting, at this point. " Or, something along those lines. Thank you for being realistic with me, telling me when I'm being insensible.