I need help but I'm too afraid to get itRecently since the beginning of December, being happy has become a delicacy for me. I'm a 14 year old male who's life is actually great. I live in a big house, my family is wealthy, my parents have been happily married for about 20 years, and I have 3 best friends, and 6 other smaller friends where we hang out every so often. But whats wrong? I don't hate my life, my life is great. I just hate myself. I'm a pretentious, self absorbed asshole who only ever cares or wants to talk about themselves, I can never get any work done, I almost never leave the house as much as I really want to, I'm an absolute dumbass who lacks any sort of common sense or knowledge, I am constantly embarrassing myself in front of other people, my recent sadness has only brought my other friends down, I am dependent on my parents to help me with doing anything, throughout my entire life everything was just handed to me so I know that I won't be ready for anything in my life when I grow up, I feel like when my closer friends are with other people, they have a much better time than how they would with me, I have a massive filter in my brain the doesn't allow me to truly speak what's on my mind, and I hate myself the most because I barely even appreciate how fortunate my life truly is, like, I'm not spoiled, I just wish that I wasn't as fortunate as I am, but I feel indescribably guilty for this because there are people who would kill to live the life that I live. I'm also trapped in an endless cycle of self hatred and pain because I feel bad for being suicidal because I know that there are people, including one of my best friends, that have it much worse than me, which makes me hate myself more, but the more I hate myself the more I end up wanting to die, and the more I want to die the more I end up hating myself, so it creates a cycle. But even when I'm having a relatively good time I can't help but think about how much I hate myself and feel bad for others. And also, all of the things that used to make me happy don't even do anything anymore. Whenever I used to be sad, I'd just think of ways things could get better, or play an online game with my friends, or practice playing the guitar. But now I've lost all hope, I've come to the realization that I will get nowhere in life with my guitar, and I don't even know why I don't enjoy playing video games anymore. I know that I need help, but I'm too afraid to get it. I'm dead inside but I don't want people knowing that about me. I don't know what to do. i want to end my life so bad so that I don't bother anyone anymore or have to deal with the mental torment I've brought upon myself. Maybe I'm just an attention whore.

Thank you to anyone who read all of this, and sorry that all of it is all over the place.