I don't exactly think I'm suicidal enough to get help for it, but here goes anyway.So, I was wondering if anyone could help me out in terms of going to my local hospital and telling them I've been considering suicide for a few years now, and that it's getting to the fever point.

I'm a minor, and in the US, just for background info. My mother is very unsupportive (due to some family history I just found out about) of suicide/depression, etc, so I was considering just seeking outside help. The problem is that the therapists at school have to inform your parents if you say the 's' word, and they did, last year when I went to go talk to one. Long story short, my mother was furious and banned me from seeing another counselor. 

I'm not sure what do anymore, to be honest. I know this post sounds very, fake or unemotional, but that's just because I actively disassociate from my problems. I also refuse to admit I have a suicide problem, which of course doesn't help. I've never attempted before, but I came very close one night several years ago, and I've been thinking about it almost weekly ever since. Maybe even daily, if it's a bad month. 

Years ago, I could talk myself out of overdosing or similar methods because I always heard that the success rates were so low, that I could end up paralyzed, permanently hospitalized, etc. Even if those weren't true, it was enough to keep me from OD'ing on whatever was in the medicine cabinet. Now, though, I've lost even that. My suicide risk fluctuates between "you're really sad and you would be better off dead. Come on, let's go jump off a roof now." to "you're okay right now, so you can just wait and jump off a roof tomorrow." I spend most nights trying to talk myself out of finding the tallest building in town and just getting it over with. It's come to the point where I think I wouldn't even have any regrets while I was free falling to the ground. 

I don't want help, because it always ends badly or I just end up shutting myself down, but I know I need the help. Recently I had the idea of going to my local hospital and telling them I very much wanted to die, but I'm afraid I'll need my mother's permission or that they'll just call her up and she'll take me home because in this very moment, no, I wouldn't go jump off a bridge. 

But I feel like things are getting too bad to handle on my own. I've officaly justified suicide to myself, and I feel like that's the biggest indicator that I need to reach out. But I also know that short of actually almost dying, my mother isn't going to care, or get me to a therapist. 

So yeah, to summarize, could anyone tell me what might happen if I decide to disclose to a hospital as a minor? Or maybe comment on anything else, sorry.