Gotta keep your head up!Whoever is reading this, read it all. If you have time to click on this reddit post, you have time to read what nonsense is in here.

First off, hi. I'm someone like you. I've thought about suicide. Surely most people do. It's a way to escape reality and release yourself from anguish. I've thought about a lot of things. A lot of things. Whether bad or good, they were just thoughts. 

I have zero business knowing what you are going through, and that's okay. I'm not about to say "things'll get better!" (mostly because the rules of this sub) Despite everything that's happened to you, think about this: if you had one chance to change the outcome of the story of your life, would you take it? Better yet, are you strong enough to take it? Now I know this is a either a typical post here, or that sounded brash, but stay with me here. 

Know matter what your answer is, this is your life. You can choose how to live it, how to end it, how to embrace it. Every choice you make will affect you and that's okay. There are no "bad" choices or "good" ones, the game human play is a game of morality. It's like in those video games, where you choose to save a group of people or a seperate group of people. Neither is obscenely "right", but somehow you believe one character (or group) is more significant than the other.

I'm not saying to change your outlook on yourself. No matter what any says to you, your life will always be about you! That means looking out for number one, yourself. Some people will say "oh that's selfish", but no. It's survival instinct. That's what seperates the wheat from the chaff. Protecting yourself should be your primary objective, and if you believe you aren't important enough to protect, think about this. Everyone's outlook on the world is different. Nobody is perfect, nobody can say they've reached success, because the definition of success differs from every person.

If you made it this far (and this post wasn't deleted for being too uplifting(?)) then you've recieved a reward. Like I said, I too thought about suicide. I was born a Christian, with the constant reminder that if I'm a good samaritan and accept Jesus as my lord and saviour, then I would ascend to heaven upon death, a mystical realm in the afterlife.

Wrong. I soon decided to become an Atheist after seeing what "god" has done to this world. Terroists, starving Africans, countless wars, and worldwide depression. Is this the world he intended to create? Than I began to think, "if there's no afterlife, what's the point in living?" As if there was a reason to live.

Everyone in this universe was given a chance. A chance to live and thrive, and enjoy the chance we were given. I'm not talking about god, either. The Earth could've been destroyed but a second ago by a planet sized asteroid, or vaporized by a gamma ray. And yet, here the planet stands, resilient as ever, brimming with life. The universe still holds many secrets and mysteries we have yet to unlock, doesn't that excite you?

I'm not going to sound like a broken record and explain, "stay positive, hang in there, chipper up" becasue I'm not your dad. You don't have to listen to me. My message is purely just, enjoy life. Enjoy yourself, in any way you can.