16 years on.I had my first thoughts about suicide when I was just 11 years old. I am now almost 27. When I was 11 I had a rather fulfilling social life. I had friends and family but one group of friends didn't want me to be with them and that hurt me.  
At 13 I lost my mother. She had suffered from cancer for 7 years, which started from her breast and ended up spreading to her lungs. While other members of the family supported me and my mother when she was alive, not one single family member offered to help me out, even if that just meant to keep me company. I also lost my dad, not because he died physically, but because he excluded me from all family stuff just 3 months after my mother died, when he found his partner. My dad also started abusing me physically and emotionally, leaving me also without a single penny to get basic needs like clothes. Even though I tried to continue with my life normally, I eventually stopped going to school for around two months, without going out at all. During this time I sought help from the counselling at school and some local organisations but I wasn't given adequate help.   
I eventually finished obligatory schooling at 16 and then I continued my studies. However, I left school before completing my first year. At that school, I was told that I was ugly and that I am a lesbian, which was never the case, as I prefer men. I just dressed in boys clothes because I was always overweight and it was easier for me to find clothes in the boys' section. For around three years, I never went out, save to shop for basic needs once in a while. I attempted suicide twice during this time, including once by drinking bleach. I spent my days crying or staring at my computer, every day being the same.  
After those three years, I had access to my mother's inheritance money and I decided to get what I needed the most: clothes being the main thing. I started going out almost every day, but I was alone all the time. I also decided to seek help from a psychiatrist against payment, unlike using free services like before. Just after one session, the psychiatrist told me to write him a letter about how I feel and on the second session he said I had Gender Identity Disorder. He sent me to an endocrinologist, who without ordering any blood tests, prescribed me testosterone. I started paying the sum of 140 euros every three months for hormones and eventually the money which my mother left me was gone. I started a small casual job which earned me 4-5 euros an hour and almost all the money I earned from it ended up spent on hormones.  
Just after 4 months of starting testosterone, I ended up in hospital after my last suicide attempt. The psychiatrist who identified me with GID gave me two options: either go to a mental health hospital (which has a bad reputation and people die there) or go back home, where I was still being abused. The psychiatrist warned me that it will be difficult to take testosterone if I went to hospital and I went home, while being put under the care of my abuser. The psychiatrist did not warn me to stop taking testosterone. I had a follow up session at hospital and I just for saying that I used the bus to go to lessons as part of a short course, I was told that I tried running away from home, because I was under my dad's responsibility, only that my dad never cared for me. Soon after I reported his behaviour to the police, took him to court without the assistance of a lawyer and I was told that I should forgive my father at court. While I did not forgive him, the case was dropped as he got assistance from a lawyer, and I did not, because I couldn't afford. I asked help again from a local organisation which takes care of cases of abuse and has a programme through which people are given a home temporarily and are helped to get their life on track. I wasn't considered for this programme though because I was told that I own property, although to this day I don't know what's mine or not.  
Soon after I had an almost full time job and I started earning a bit more money. I considered moving out but then I left the job and started studying again. I felt okay with going back to school but I had to hide my then trans identity, so I had to lie to people, even when saying which school I attended before as it was an all girls school. However, I got by and eventually started university at age 21.   
At university I felt very lonely and my anxiety got to me. I considered leaving my studies and starting work again, but my lecturers thought of me to be a good student and they insisted that I should remain. And so I did. However, my physical health also went backwards. I had difficulty breathing and walking. My back really hurt. I lost a lot of sleep. After two years of contemplating to leave university, I was granted a break from studying. I had several vitamin deficiencies which partially solved my health problems but my stomach continued to be in a bad state.   
Just over two months ago, I went back to university again and I finally found company. My anxiety reduced drastically. And then I came to a realisation: I am indeed a girl, and not a man trapped in a girl's body. One classmate played a significant role in this. I realised that I hadn't connected that much with anyone since my classmates from the all girls school. I took my last shot of testosterone just around a week after we became friends and tomorrow will be my first month off testosterone.  
However, suicidal thoughts have made a return because I will never be the same person I was before. Testosterone changed me so much. I was on it for 6 years and 9 months of testosterone in total, spending around 4000 euros, which I regret deeply. But the things which I are bothering me go beyond financial ones. I have permanent changes, including a beard which I could only remove with laser sessions, throwing away even more money. A deep voice, which I could solve through surgeries, but I am scared of having any kind of surgeries, and thankfully that fear saved my reproductive system. If I listened to the doctors who recommended surgeries, I would had to deal with living without breats and without ovaries, meaning that I would have needed synthetic estrogen for the rest of my life. I also have to live with the significant amount of hair loss. My hair line has receded significantly and it is so thin that I ended up shaving it last Wednesday. I have read about people like me who got most of their hair back, but others did not. So I mostly have to say goodbye to my previously lovely head of thick hair forever.

&amp;#x200B;

At almost 27, I also haven't been kissed, had a relationship and something else. I was always a shy girl but now I am a shy girl who looks like a man. I have always liked men and I doubt that I will find any guy who would be into me. I heard of people refeminise after being off testosterone, but the process is long and it could take three years, not to mention that most of the hair loss could be permanent. 

&amp;#x200B;

16 years ago I have contemplated suicide for the first time. Now I feel that I have enough reasons to get it over with. The only thing that scares me is being unsuccessful and ending up even worse than before.