Goodbye to my familyI'm just writing this so there will be an answer to why I committed suicide. It's for my family because no one would question why I did it but them. I don't want sympathy and I'm not trying to be attention seeking. You can stop reading now and stop wasting your time. 

I am fifthteen years old and want to kill myself. I know that you're questioning why would I do this. I have so much of my life ahead of me. Well its because I've reached the point where life won't get better. I am severely overweight, ugly, stupid, and depressed. Nobody would want to deal with the real me.  I have a crappy future ahead of me. I'm an honor student but I don't have straight As.There goes my chance at going to a good college. Didn't matter anyway because I could never afford a loan to even go to a good school. But what about us your family, you ask. I love you all very much except for dad. I'm sick of dealing with that piece of shit. He care more about his booze than anything else and treats us all like crap. Whenever I stand up to him I make things worse. So yeah there's that. Then there's my girlfriend who you've probably read about in my last post. Btw that's why I haven't got that part time job I wanted. I have to spend all my time with her. Otherwise I have to deal with her guilting me and making me a monster. I made a promise to her when we met I wouldn't kill myself if she didn't. So she might be gone for all I know  and I'm sorry. I had a best friend that I used to talk to online. I only briefly mentioned them and I stop mentioning them because they killed themselves. So when my life is over know that your son is responsible for two deaths. 
"But you're always so happy and joking around" because I don't want help or you to know I'm sad. I'm only 15, I'm not supposed to have problems. I bottle up my emotions because of this. I already killed myself emotionally I'm just disposing of my corpse. I just feel like a useless waste of space. I can't handle life anymore. I'm sorry goodbye.
