I pulled the trigger; My failed suicide attempt story. It was nice chatting with you all but it’s time I leave this subThis is a goodbye post and I hope this story helps anyone who’s currently struggling just like I was 4 months ago.



I always commented in this sub that the day my dads gun would be in the same place I was that was the day I would try and kill myself and that day would be August 12th 2019.  I took the gun out of the drawer, locked my room and I knew that was the day. I was having a depressive crisis and that day I wanted out but still didn’t have enough courage to do it, so I decided to smoke weed to see if I was relaxed enough to finally do it, and it worked: I started pulling the trigger slightly thinking I would never fully pull it all the way in, and it happened. 

I heard the gunshot and literally felt my left lung shrinking like a balloon when you fill it with air and then suck it all out. My ears were ringing with the sound of the gunshot and even if it was done purposely I couldn’t believe i finally did it. And don’t know how I got the strength of unlocking my door and then throwing myself in the middle of the hallway so my aunt could notice me.  I remember when she told me I would make it and in the name of god I wasn’t going to die that day I truly believed her, despite having lost 3 liters of blood before getting rushed to the ER.

Did it physically hurt ? Surprisingly no. I felt this spiritual and blissful peace I’ve never felt till that day. Stubbing my toe in a chair has been more painful than this. But you know which was the worst feeling in the world? Hearing my aunt screaming and crying desperately not knowing whether to tell her sister, my mom, what she’d just encountered. Despite the wound in my chest and lost of blood and never lost consciousness, the only thing I could do was close my eyes and hear every motion, every word, every cry and feeling this indescribable guilt and anxiety I’ve never felt before in my life.

Fast forward 4 months later which is now, I got the help I need it and I’m so much better. I never thought in my life I wouldn’t consider suicide an option, never, but it’s reality now.

How did I survive a point blank gunshot in the left side of my chest? All the doctors called it a miracle. 
Do I regret it? I don’t because they changed my meds to a much stronger antidepressant and after that happened I see the world with a different perspective. I went from an atheist to believer and I appreciate life something I never thought would happen.




I hope this story helps out anyone because you wouldn’t believe someone cares, but I do care you’re not alone and if you want to talk I’m here.

Feel free to ask me anything.