TodayToday I made justifications for my reasoning behind wanting to eventually depart from the earth. In those moments I realized that a certain area within my very being showed a basic human response or feeling. I felt as if I had enough suffering and I didn't want to continue living anymore. It was reflective of a form of innocence in my reasoning. Every day I go through extreme emotions. I come to the fact that my inner rage will never go away as long as Im living. I can't and will not have a mind that is sadistic and drowned in an ocean of rage. I often believe that this feeling of wanting to die started yeara ago. Funny how i promised myself that I would never attempt. Low and behold I tried twice this year. The first attempt i felt leaking inside my head and had a weird smell coming from my nose. The second time I should had died but after ingesting over 50 pills i woke up about 15 hours later. I belive I was trying to do the right thing and save myself from my never ending torture chamber called my life. I tried a weird way of hanging but got tired. Then last week I sniffed carbon monoxide from my car's exhaust pipe. I been so obsessed with death and suicide. I researched on many suicides online. I read the biographies of those who checked out. I see the open casket pictures of those who killed themselves. I read quotes on suicide. I had dreams of me killing myself. I remember before my attempts i was starting to fall asleep and I thought death was on its way so i spread my arms out and waited. It was beautiful in a way. Im naturally suicidal everyday and it does take a toll. Today for a few hours I experienced a mysterious feeling. It was essentially good but it didnt start from the heart nor mind. Somewhere in my very being it generated. While in this type of feeling I didnt feel guilty, sad, depressed, suicidal, homicidal, feeling sub human, or paranoid. It was as if this feeling was a natural aid. I didn't have to do anything in order to experience it. It came from its own terms. It was almost as if this feeling was unconditional and with no requirements. It wasnt soley happiness but happiness was there in a very pure like form. My thoughts were suddenly slow and barely coming in with no adverse reactions. I felt peaceful but I was sad later on because this emotion was fading away. Ill wake up tomorrow and feel avoidant,suicidal, depressed,homicidal, paranoid, insane, and all the past traumas will be there waiting to haunt me. This Sunday I might inhale some more carbon monoxide or try something with a bag. I dont know. On the 15 is my psychiatrist appointment but i dont want to wait that long. I just want that mysterious feeling back and just to swim in it and never depart from it. Tired of being human. I dont need to be eternallu condemned or raked through the proverbial coals here. I need peace. I dont need advice or better thinking habits. I dont need a girlfriend or a message from God. All i need is the mysterious feeling . I miss you so much.