perpetual loneliness, everlasting inadequacy, permanent mess.i created an account to post this tonight. i'm no stranger to episodes of this sort, but tonight is the worst it's been since my last attempt.

in short, i'm a mess. there's no other way around that. i went from being the funny, popular guy in high school to the burnout drug addict who hates himself. when everyone i knew got into a four-year school or found the love of their life or found this awesome dream job, i got the rug swept from under me. my long-time girlfriend left me for her ex and they moved elsewhere to raise a family. every college i applied to rejected me. i have a job, but there's no future there and i work with people who constantly rhapsodize about how great life is and i... stopped feeling that way a long time ago.

i haven't been happy since probably March of last year. i'm heavily wracked with debt due to my own poor judgement. every girl i've ever tried to get close to inevitably leaves for someone more stable and balanced (the last instance of this was, regrettably, a trigger for my last attempt in November). i was diagnosed with Borderline Personality Disorder a month ago, and while it felt good at first to find out what was wrong with me, it's just led me to understand that i am permanently marked as someone to avoid getting close to. my family refuses to acknowledge my diagnosis and insists that i just "be happy".

i usually drown everything out in drugs or alcohol, but it's so exhausting keeping up the facade. i just want a normal life with someone who loves me where i won't have to worry about all of these fucking problems. but i don't think i'll ever have that. and as an only child with distant family members, i'd rather be dead than go through god knows how many years of nonstop regret and second-guessing and solitude. 

i don't deserve this. shit, **no one** deserves this. all i've been able to think about for days is just saying all my goodbyes and checking out. i don't believe in the afterlife, but i refuse to believe anything after death could be worse than this.

*please* don't let it be worse than this.