Everyone would rather hear that I'm doing fine instead of telling the truth.I have dealt with depression for many years. It started when I was in high school, I suffer from OCD and things got really bad so I had to be homeschooled. I was an outsider already and when my mom took me out of school. I became isolated completely from everyone except my family, who were all frustrated with me. I fell behind a lot in school, and when I went back 2 years later I had to go to a special education class and there were some really low-functioning kids in there that would freak out sometimes. Then I went to the same kind of class for high school, my entire fucking high school term. I was so scared of making friends from the general ed population, because I was worried they would find out I was in special ed and not be friends with me anymore.

In senior year, I made a couple of friends and I was so happy. Everything changed a few months after high school, when all of my friends moved, went to different colleges, or just stopped talking to me. I stayed in touch with a girl who abandoned me at prom, she lead me on for a while and made me feel like shit but we're still friends out of convenience. I've never had a girlfriend, or too many friends. My family does not care, they just want me to work and pay rent, they don't care if I'm happy or not. Years ago when I had intense suicidal thoughts, I told my mom I was depressed and she laughed it off and said what I had wasn't real depression. My dad cannot stand it when I cry, he will yell at me or leave the room.

One time I told my mom that I had suicidal thoughts, and she started crying and making it all about her, like "I've given you so much, you have such a good life, and you're selfish enough to say that!?" She started screaming and got upset with me. I can't be honest with her because she will freak out and lose control of her emotions. I can't tell anyone else. I have a therapist but I feel she's helping at all or even tries to understand what I'm going through. It's not like I'm constantly saying I'm depressed or suicidal or anything, I have suicidal thoughts all the time but once in a while I really consider it and make plans and I need help.