I guilt myself over everything and it's impacting my ability to function.I'm not exactly suicidal per se, but this community has been wonderful to me in the past.  Even if I don't make sense, I just ask that you respect that these things are affecting me, as stupid as they seem.

I have issues with self-respect and having healthy limits with others.  I care too much what people think of me and base too much of my life and myself off what others say, or what they want of me.

There's this voice in my head telling me these awful things.  To be afraid of this, anxious about that, insecure about everything.  You didn't stop properly at the light, people don't want to hear about you, you're blocking the isle and being rude to others, you need to get out of the way.

My mother raised me to put others before myself, but I end up being a doll for others to play with.  I have no self.  I'm a slave to what others think.  

I was afraid of liking the wrong shows, video games, and toys as a kid, since a lot of people made fun of me over the years, and somehow my mind never stopped.  If I hear kids music, see kids toys, kids shows, etc. it sends me into a near panic attack and I need to leave the area immediately.  Being in the kids/baby section of a store makes me uncomfortable and I feel the need to get out.  I'm afraid of childhood, essentially.

I'm not going into detail but I have a lot of intense shame for my fetishes as well.

I've had partners mold me into what they wanted, held me emotionally hostage, manipulated me, silenced me, molded me into what they wanted, and made me responsible for them.  My current partner is wonderful, but I feel hollow and weak inside, so it's still hard.  I feel so comfortable with her and while I do trust her, it's hard to overcome my anxiety.

I don't really know what I'm saying.  I just want someone to hear me and talk to me.  My mental health cycles up and down but this has been a particularly down period and I feel powerless.

I want to be okay just existing.  I don't want approval to punch people or be a special snowflake.  I want to not hate myself for hurting the planet every time I drive, wonder how many people work long hours so that I may live in luxury.  Do I deserve what I have?

I feel like I'm reaching a breaking point and I can't steer away.

