Saw this extremely concerning post in r/TrueOffMyChestRemember that this is only CLAIMS, I'm only taking this off the words off the OP, not actual fact.

[Link to post](https://www.reddit.com/r/TrueOffMyChest/comments/92urzt/want_to_jump_in_front_of_a_train/)

tl;dr Allegedly, the OP smoked during pregnancy, her baby, was born only 4 lbs., 5 ounces and she felt like shit. Her son stayed in NICU for 3 weeks and he when he came back, he was only 5 pounds. She also thinks he has no real desire to eat. After those 3 weeks, her boss starts calling her non-stop for 3 days straight, during those 3 days, she was (I assume) beating around the bush, then she gives in and explains the situation, she also had a car crash and outran a yellow light 2 days prior. She told her boss that she wold work if he picked her up. Her husband called her and said that their baby was gasping for breath and wailing, they decided to call 911. The hospital said they weren't prepared to deal with their son, so he is transfered to a children's hospital, which was an hour away from them. Her sister calls her and says that they're son has had a brain hemorrhage. The children's hospital and police eventually ruled that they're son has been abused, which she never directly said she did, but she did imply she didn't. Her son was almost taken from them almost immediately. They have been embroiled by the government and she says she is torn by the idea that she "abused" her son (Abuse in this case meaning smoking during pregnancy). The govenment have also ordered her to do multiple types of therapy and she has been clinically diagnosed with low-to-mid grade Social Anxiety. This is what she has to say:

"Actually, I do have anxiety, NOW. After I got interrogated by police and my son ripped away from me. It's true, I can barely sleep at night. I wish I could tear my own face off and offer it in exchange for a normal life with my son. "Oh, he was PLANNED?" (furious notes in notebook by complete stranger.) Oh, and just a quick footnote, I said at the VERY BEGINNING OF ALL THIS, "I have never had a younger brother or sister or baby in my life. This is my first child. Maybe I made a mistake and mishandled him." Was instantly met with, "NOPE, YOU'RE AN EVIL ABUSER.""

The comments she made are also worrying, one of them literally saying she will jump in front of a train at "8:48 tonight."