To my love:Hey J***

From the moment that we met that one day, I've liked you. I'll never forget how shy you were around me, how your cheeks turned red whenever I'd hold your hand or kiss your cheek because we were silly 15yr olds who got nervous at even the smallest bit of physical contact. For giving me the nickname Blue because of how the lollipop that you gave to me made my lips turn bright blue, even though it could also be interpreted as how blue I feel all the time due to my depression. 

I just wanted to say thank you for being the best boyfriend anyone could ever ask. From holding me during panic attacks, to helping my days improve just by smiling. Thank you for all the moments that you were there for me, when you taught me some chinese phrases before I got to meet your family so greet and impress them [even though my pronunciation was a lil off starting an inside joke between us all] . Thank you for all the times you told me how beautiful my self-harm scars looked and how they don't change me one bit and I'm still the same Blue that you love. Thank you for the smaller moments such as motivating me to get out of bed, supervising me whilst I shower so I don't try and drown myself again, helping me do my school work because you know how frustrating it is for me to focus on tasks because of my adhd. Or when you used to tease me about how you are almost a ft taller than me so you'd rest your arm on my head playfully. Thank you for always being there even though I've been weighing you down, for sending me goodmorning messages to help me start my day okay. Thank you for sympathising with all of the shit I've been through in life and understanding me. 

I'll never forget all the times we'd get high and do stupid shit, go on walks through parks and have picnics because you knew how much it would calm my anxiety, all the times we cuddled whilst watching anime and played video games. That one time I went to the beach with your family in summer last year, it felt like they loved me more than my own and I'll forever be grateful for that. For the conversations I had with your mother who saw me as a daughter, for the times your father made me laugh so hard I had tears rolling down my eyes and could hardly breathe.

I'm sorry though. Sometimes I wonder if you feel more like my parent than boyfriend even though you assure me that you'll do anything to help me. I'm sorry I won't be around for your 18th birthday this year. I'm sorry we won't be able to have the two sons like how we imagined, how I won't be able to walk down the isle to meet you and place the rings on each others fingers. How we won't be able to raise our sons bilingual and how we won't move to China afterall.

I don't deserve you.

And I'm sorry I wasn't strong enough for you. 

I hope one day, you're able to move on from me and find a woman who will truly make you happy and won't slow your life down because you're still young and you have your whole life ahead of you. A woman who will have those two sons, who will look beautiful whilst walking down the isle to marry you. Because you deserve it, I'm too damaged for you and I'm sorry you wasted time trying to fix me. 

You deserve the world, and I couldn't give you that even though you said I am your world. 

Please, know that it isn't your fault things ended up this way, you're my happiness and I'm glad I met you before my time came. 

I hope you forgive me.


我爱你 my love, forever and always. 
Love, Blue.╰(*´︶`*)╯♡