Too much pressureHello all,
I've been browsing this community for a little while now and the amount of support everybody gives each other at their lowest of lows is a truly beautiful thing to see, and certainly gives me hope and encouragement to discuss my issues. I'm sure I'm not alone in feeling a lot of anxiety about the current pandemic, the way the government where I'm from have handled it has been atrocious and inexcusable, putting more people in harm's way than actually offering the right path forward. I'm now dealing with a shitty cold where I'm struggling to tell the differences of whether I need to get tested or not. But obviously I wouldn't just be posting here if that were my main concern, that's just one of many things. Because my mental health declined anyway during the first half of lockdown, I ended up alienating a lot of good friends and acting really shitty towards them, finding myself in an extremely toxic relationship which I then cut off almost two months ago. The less said about that, the better. At the start of this month, I started going to a new college to study music technology and thought that would be my true calling. Instead I feel like the alienation has turned on me as whenever I try to make new friends, I either get blanked or stared at. In addition to this, I find certain aspects of my course really stressful and anxiety-inducing as I have to work in groups, whilst the logical thing to do is just accept it and do my best to talk to others, I don't feel like I'm getting that back nor am I in the right mindset to do anything of the sort. I have high functioning autism/Asperger's and I'm always under the impression that people pick up on that and view me in a negative manner, that I'm inadequate to them for those differences. All I ask for in life is an opportunity to redeem myself and I can't even get that right. I try my best and it all goes to shit. I genuinely can't see any point in continuing. Though I will say that I have some great friends and a lovely semi-partner who I'm currently speaking to who's helping me out with a lot including my Maths as I still haven't been able to pass them. I love my parents dearly too though they don't see eye to eye on a lot, and I've not always had the best relationship with them. That's what prevents me from ending my life, and it's not like I want to hurt myself or cause any harm, I just want to simply fade away without the need for lashing out in violent outbursts. But then I question this, how authentic are those bonds and will those same people still be here for me at my worst? I already feel like I'm going down that road. Counseling for the most part is unavailable to me right now so I'm truly at a loss.