Reaching out for anythingFirst off I just want to thank anyone who reads this. 

I've been suicidal for the last three years and have come close to going through with it a few times. I've always been stopped by the thought of the pain I would put my mom through. This time it's different. I feel so numb to everything. And that numbness is overwhelming. It's crippling. And everything in my life is suffering because of it. If I don't end things now, everything is just going to get worse. 

I don't have anyone close to me anymore. I've distanced myself from everyone because I feel like sooner or later I'll take my life. 

I can't think clearly and that's why I'm posting here. Maybe someone will have advice on how I can save myself. 

So here's my life. At 22 I'm living downtown and my roommate bailed on me so I'm stuck paying $1050/month for rent. I only make about $650/month and I've used up all my savings. I've asked for financial help from anyone I can think of and this month I'm short again. I'll probably have to go to collections and my credit score will be shot. 

I had the blessing of a prestigious internship this summer. That plus my current job had me working 94 hours a week. Because of that, I can no longer relax and I'm constantly stressed. I talked to my father for advice and he called me a quitter which hurt so badly. 
It sounds so cliche but I've always wanted anyone, especially my father to be proud of me. It seems like everyone has given up on me and I'm just a giant disappointment. 

I've battled manic depression for years and haven't found any medication that has worked well. I can't even afford to see my psychiatrist anymore so I'm currently not on anything. 

I find happiness through my achievements. I know that's not healthy but it's what gets me by. I feel like people expect big things from me and no matter how hard I try, I can't come through. 

I haven't experienced joy or hope for the longest time. All I know is disappointment and numbness. 

I honestly don't know if I'll go through with it this time whether that's tonight or in a week. But I'm reaching out for anything to help me. 
