Something is wrong with me.I'm a 21 yr old male. I'm fat as fuck and I always feel like I ruin everything.. I feel like I have no friends. Even though I live with 2 guys I used to call my friends. They didn't do anything I'm just always frustrated now or just sad and lonely. I tried to quit smoking but now I've started drinking to hide how hurt I feel. I keep thinking if I just drink until I passout tonight it'll be ok tomorrow but it wont.


I'm sorry if I'm wasting yalls time. But I keep thinking about killing myself to end all this shit but I'm too scared to do anything now, I'm just afraid one day I'll stop being scared. What the hell is wrong with me. Some girl broke up with me in high school, 3 yrs ago, and I never learned how to move on. She was really mean about it but I just have no idea what to think. I'm always scared of social things, and I need to find some way to deal with this. I thought I let her go but I met a girl that reminds me of her on a trip over spring break and I don't know what the fuck to do. All the feelings came back. I tried to ignore all these feelings for a while but now I'm drinking in the hopes of passing out.


I know I shouldn't drink like this but I don't know how to deal with this stuff. I always hide my feelings from everyone. If I'm happy I don't mind showing it but if I'm sad then I hide it by being mad at people or things around me. I like this girl I met but she has a boyfriend! I know I shouldn't bother her but I like her. She probably hates me.


I am terrible at talking to girls. I just feel like I should be alone forever so I won't do anything wrong to anyone. Please help me. I'm drunk now but tomorrow I'll probably feel just as sad or angry when I wake up. What do I do? I have no where to turn. I've fucked my life up miserably.


Drunken Edit: both sides of my family are alcoholic, either currently or formerly. I feel like I'm wasting everyone's time but I'm more honest when I'm drunk. I always hide my feelings unless I'm drunk. I feel like I should do something different. I'm the first person in my family to go to college in 20 yrs but I'm failing any classes but my German ones. I feel lazy and like I should give up. I'm sorry if anyone hates my post. I just don't know what the fuck to do.