What the fuck have I done this year...I had a mental breakdown a year ago. I used to smoke way too much weed (5 spliffs per day) and cigarettes (15 per day) and I ate extremely unhealthy too for 9 years. On top of that I had just lived life without thinking clearly and just lived in the moment. I became suicidal because I was so shocked at why my past self didn't just fucking live healthy like I've been doing for the last 2 years. My mind was set on killing myself.

Then I contact my ex who I dumped about missing her, telling her breaking up was one my many mistakes and so on, but she blocked me. In some random, dumb, depressed, idiotic, life-ruining impulse I made a new account and wrote extremely suicidal texts to her. She said she had improved a lot and I said. 'Fuck improving. I'm done with life. Pointless bullshit anyway. You still want my cat?'...

After that she got angry. I start to explain it. She engages, but then blocks me. This happens like 8 times. After a while she says 'you didn't change a bit and only went backwards'. Then I reply that I did change because I hit the gym 6 times per week, eat extremely healthy, quit smoking, graduated and starting my career. That's her cue to explode. She writes an extremely mean message filled with hate, disdain and degrading stuff. 'You'll never learn how to live your life' 'Loser' 'Whiner' 'Tragic' 'Forecasting that you're going to die? I don't fucking care!' 'This is the same irrational behavior as at that concert when you were arguing with random ppl'... 'Don't have to feel any guilt because of how you dumped me'... She also told me she would never reply again.

Then it becomes chaos in my head. It was already chaos, but after that it just went overboard. I hate those insults so much. They repeat in my head all the time. I can't cope with it. I'm too emotionally weak already. I struggled to recover from my suicidal thoughts and this on top of it was too much. Like I just started screaming out of agony after I read those words for the first time... 'You'll never learn how to live your life'... Constantly repeating in my head. Flashbacks to arguing at that concert. Feeling even worse about myself.

Initially fucking HATED her! She was 8 years older and came into my life and I never asked for it and then she can't even bring herself to end it without a bunch of insults that are so toxic for my mental health at that time! So I was fucking angry and wrote insulting messages back in the beginning. Like really nasty ones too. That she was fucking ugly and I couldn't stand looking at her disgusting mug. Not proud of that, but I had such intense rage that she knew how much this would hurt me and did it anyway.

After that I changed though. I started to realize that I was in the wrong. I changed my tone and began explaining all the time. Begging to talk it out. I did this for like 4 to 5 months because I couldn't think of anything else. In the end I wrote an extremely personal e-mail to her workmail that got forwarded to her co-workers in which I called myself a piece of shit and more dramatic stuff like saying 'begging the universe I'm still on time'... 😓 I fully took the blame in that one. I still had one weak moment and wrote another message like a month later to her LinkedIn. Last week I wrote another one to her instagram telling her I still feel so much pain, but she blocked me again. The messages were extremely self-critical. Completely kissing her feet. Telling her she's better than me in every aspect... Lost all my self-esteem because of this shit. 

I just hate myself. I can't believe that this has happened. I hate that this is part of my life story. I feel like I should kill myself sometimes because I can't stand myself. I'm so ashamed of myself because I'm such a cringelord. I'm not a good person... I'm so scared for the future and afraid of getting cancer. I'm terrified she will tell it to my family after I die. Or that she will expose me in the future. I feel sooooooo bad about this.