I'm lonley and I'm doneI don't know what to say. I'm 17, I'm incredibly lonley and I can't take it anymore.  I hate myself immensely (fuck right off if your just going to preach that "you need a better attitude" bullshit as if I can just suddenly change how I fucking feel without deluding myself).  I don't fit in anywhere. I dont even like half the people I'd consider friends.  They're just people I'm not crushingly awkward around.  I have one close friend and shes two grades lower than me thats it.  I dont even know how the fuck I meet people.  Where the hell does a teenager even meet like-minded people?

  I had a girlfriend last year who described me as the sweetest boy she had ever been with but knowing her I wouldn't beleive it.  It was probably just in the heat of the moment to sound nice.  I was a selfish prick when she broke up with me.  It's why we're not friends now.  I can't stand how I acted.  Crying daily for a fucking month, talking to her still with the smallest hope she'd want to get back with me and I was clingy as fuck despite not being together.  I was a real cunt.  If I wasn't as ugly as I am and girls actually showed the slightest bit of interest in me id probably be too scared to put someone through what I put her through.  Yet the one thing Ive always wanted was love. That feeling was the best I had ever felt. But it seems completely unattainable and I feel don't deserve it anymore.

After reading my bullshit problems your probably thinking "what a pussy" and I feel the same.  I'm going to be an adult after this last semester of high school and I have no idea how someone like me who does pretty much nothing but jerk off and play video games all day and isn't happy at all could possibly function as an adult.  I don't know what to do anymore.  It's cold outside.  I could probably down a bottle of sleeping pills and just wander into the snow before passing out.  Go out for a drive and hit a tree it'd be blamed on the icy roads.  I've thought about it daily for almost 3 months now.

I'm sorry if this is spaced weird or doesnt make much sense.  Ive been crying for like 2 hours now and was just venting as it came to mind.