Getting anywhere in life being born ugly?After some advice or wonder if any can relate?

I first became aware of my ugliness about age 9-10 at school. We were having a little school disco, I asked a friend to ask a girl if she'd like to dance with me. She and her friends burst out laughing at me and called me names.  The thing about kids is they're honest at least, no BS.

Through out school this happened girls laughing at me and calling me names, I remember every year the school did a little anonymous valentine's card delivery service, I think I was the only guy in the class to never receive a card through out my entire time at school.

I missed out entirely on the teen romance phase, girls simply not interested, even when I got a bit older the and went clubbing the only time a girl would approach me was when she wanted me to as out my friend. 

I'm 40 now, I can't even make eye contact with a woman let alone anything else.  4 years ago I got in to lifting weights, it's funny as the pain from it is enjoyable, like I deserve the pain.  Long story short dropped 60lbs and built decent muscle.  Anyone who says a 6 pack will make you attractive is lieing, I have been there, I am there.  The old saying you can't polish a turd is true.

Last year I stuck my photo up on rate me on Reddit, the replies which there wasn't very many 2 I think were not good, I'm guessing people didn't have the balls to tell me.  But I get similar on dating sites, "send me a face pic" you do that and are blocked.

But the result of all this is self esteem in the gutter, have achieved damn all in life as I don't think I deserve anything. Been tortured with anxiety and depression all my life, have had various addictions all in order to make myself feel better.  CBT tells us it's all in our heads, crap. The proof is there, I'm an ugly fucker.

The thing is I've always looked after myself, hair always waxed up, good teeth, no disfigurements etc, hell I even went to lengths of losing 60lbs and getting a six pack. Doesn't matter. Life just constantly gives me shite.

Can anyone else relate?