The hippies are full of shit.I was a fucked up kid. Not in the “I killed chipmunks, birds, and bunnies” sense, but in the “strategically manipulated everyone around me” sense. At the ripe age of 11, I decided to kill myself. Death felt comfortable, even then. My mother caught me and I was sent to a psych ward for a bit. I also developed a nasty eating disorder. Eventually, I promised myself I’d live to 18, feed and take care of myself so that I could be tall and focus my attention on normal teenage stuff, whatever that meant. I hated myself so deeply. I hated my body and I hated my mind. I hated being evil and I begged to my mother’s God to make me good. 

For a while, with the help of medications, I shoved it all away. I molded myself into the image of benevolence. Then at 15, I found weed. And at 17 mushrooms and acid. I also found yoga and meditation and self-help books. And good friends. But it still felt wrong. I felt like an imposter, like there was a little voice in the back of my head, insisting that i didn’t belong. Words poured out of my mouth like grease. I wasn’t even aware of what I was saying or doing unless I was crying or taking a razor blade to my skin. Thinking about death was the only thing that made me feel something. 

Somehow, I managed to convince myself that I was good. That evil didn’t exist. That I deserved to live. And I moved to across the country by myself at age 18 and immersed myself in the hippie world, trying to blend in. I learned a lot. I still felt out of place. Like I stuck out like a sore thumb. I spent every morning for three months from 5:30-9:00AM meditating, journaling, etc. just to ease my existential anxiety and depression. I shaved my head. Told myself I had changed. I came back to visit my family and got stranded in my home town because of the pandemic. Everyone was convinced I was this new person. And they all loved me, they weren’t scared of me anymore. So, I did more yoga, meditation, and read more self-help books. All the while trying to silence or “heal” the evil part of me that I knew lurked just beneath the surface, even if I had fooled my family and friends. I played another role. High school was the “stoner slut,” this would be the “peace and love saint.” It read like a sappy movie and was too fucking easy to pull off. But a character, as I learned, can only last you so long. Mine had an expiration date of about four months. 

Now, here I am at 19. Yes, I made it past my initial goal of 18. Perhaps a congratulations is in order. Perhaps not. I got really deep into spirituality. And religion. And psychology. I eat healthy. I work work out. I am still deeply depressed. I think about killing myself on a weekly basis and right now my dying grandfather’s pills sit a foot away from me on my nightstand. It hasn’t gotten better. The longer I go on living, the worse it seems to get. I can beg and pray and wish to be “good” all I want. But it hasn’t done shit. Nothing has. So here I sit, writing a fucking letter to fucking strangers on fucking reddit in the hopes that someone, anyone feels as fucked up as I do. In the hopes that I’m not as alone as I think I am right now. Maybe as a cry for help. 

God, I wish I was fucking dumb enough to be pleased with a meaningless existence.