If You’re Sad, Please Read ThisLet me preface this by saying that I have sought out professional help for depression and anxiety in the past. I I’m now 19 and no longer taking any medications.

I dated a girl (we’ll call her Anne) on/off in elementary school for a few years. I would go as far to say that she was my first true love. I visited Anne’s house fairly often and got to know her family well, including one of her older brothers (we’ll use John). Even though he was older than me by a couple years, John and I would often play video games together and just be boys together. I enjoyed spending time with him and I considered him a friend.

Around the time that I was in 7th/8th grade, John was a sophomore in high school. Anne and I didn’t really talk much at this point considering that my parents had divorced and, as a result, I moved around a lot and we lost touch. Unfortunately, Anne and I only reconnected due to grim circumstances.

John killed himself. He came home from school one day, grabbed the rifle out of his dad’s bedroom, sat on the toilet, and shot himself in the mouth. His mom worked at the elementary school I went to, so she didn’t get off of work until about an hour later. She came home and found him in the bathroom.

John left a suicide note, but I’ve never really asked Anne about it. I know that, basically, John had been coming out as gay to people at his school and he was severely bullied. John had never told me anything about it; if he had, I would have gotten him the emotional support he needed. If his mother would have known about it, she would have done everything in her power to either stop it altogether or remove John from the situation by switching him to another school. He kept it all pent up inside until he couldn’t take it anymore, and he made a terrible decision that cost him his life.

They ended up selling the house and moving a couple doors down. I went on a couple dates with Anne after that, but she became a completely different person. Anne, along with both of her parents, suffer from a tremendous amount of guilt. Her parents are both raging alcoholics and Anne has struggled with drugs and substance abuse. It’s been gut-wrenching to watch it unfold.

But I also feel a sense of guilt still to this day. I wish I could have talked to John or been there in his time of need. I was also bullied in middle school and early high school for my confusion with my sexual orientation and where I stood in the world. If only I would have asked him the right questions or let him know that I cared about him deeper than he thought I did, maybe he would still be here and Anne’s family would still be intact.

I know that everyone’s situation is different. I just wanted to share this and hope that it touches at least one person on here. Although I have never actually gotten to the point of planning my own suicide, there have been days, weeks, and months at a time where I truly wished I did not exist anymore. Some days are still rough, but I have built a support network with friends and family around me by sharing my internal struggle with those that were willing to listen and it has helped me immensely.

Contact local mental health service centers and see if they take your medical insurance so you can at least go talk to an unbiased, confidential therapist about how you feel (https://findtreatment.samhsa.gov or http://www.mentalhealthamerica.net/finding-therapy). I had a great experience at the Jewish Family &amp; Children’s Services facility in my area (it’s not what it sounds like lol). If you don’t have insurance, look into Medicaid; all of my expenses, including therapy and meds, were paid for by Medicaid in my state. If you need help immediately, please call 1-800-273-8255 or 911.

There is at least one person that truly cares about you, whether you realize it or not. Talk to someone and get the help you need and deserve. It’s cliche, but things do truly get better. Trust me.