my close friend killed himself and i’m lostall I can say is that everything feels like it’s surrounded by darkness now, things always feel off, and I think I’ve permanently lost any feelings of happiness and hope. knowing that the last moments of his life were the worst he’s ever felt just kills me inside. the fact that he was able to go through with this despite his family and friends is heartbreaking. he mattered to me. and I can’t help but to think that this was impulsive as fuck, I just wish I could’ve known that he was getting worse. he’s always felt like this to some degree, and all I ever wanted to do was help him. 
One of my closest friends just killed himself this past October and I have no idea what to do with myself. it’s a complicated situation because he moved around a couple years ago and hasn’t been home since (hospitalized, etc.), yet we still talked over the phone nearly every day from January-July 2018. we told each other everything, and it was nice knowing that we were always there for one another and ready to listen. he was a selfless, kind, funny, amazing guy-but sadly couldn’t find lasting happiness in anything other than drugs after the suicide of his best friend in our hometown two years ago. he never had anything or anyone constant in his life, and I knew this would always be hard on him, so I tried my best to be a rock for him. and he was for me. after his friend passed in 2016, he was sent away twice and didn’t end up coming back until January of 2018, where he went to live with his Dad (Arizona) until the end of his life. but he never wanted to be there. his dad just figured that after everything that happened here in Indiana with his best friend, there was no point of sending him back here (and he was 17 by this time and still had no say). But despite his age, he always knew that Indiana was his home.
Even with him living all the way out in Arizona this past year, I still made an effort to stay in contact with him daily. we got closer than ever, and even ended up admitting feelings for one another later into our friendship. however, we knew it would have to be long distance until we became adults and he could move back home, so we decided to carry out our friendship with an open mind towards the future. (not to say it wasn’t possible, just that we didn’t want to hold back from any other realistic opportunities as well.) furthermore, he was supposed to come back down to Indiana this summer to visit, but he just got into a new relationship in about June and decided to stay in Arizona for the Summer because of it. completely understandable. he seemed happy, and that’s all I ever wanted. after he started dating his gf,  we still talked regularly for some time. but after it being about about 3 months or so into their relationship, I figured I should probably let him do his own thing. I don’t think he ever saw the problem with talking to me, but I didn’t want to cause any trouble for him with his girlfriend when things finally seemed so good for him. all throughout us talking daily for nearly 8 months he seemed to be doing better-only smoking cigs, weed, and occasionally tripping (much better than his previous drug history) and the new relationship was confirmation that he was finally making sense of his once chaotic life. at one point in June I asked him straight up if he ever felt suicidal anymore, and he said that it was no where near what he used to feel. I guess by this point, I assumed he was finally gaining constant things in his life and people who could bring him natural positivity and happiness. however, 2 and a half months after we stopped talking regularly, he ended his life. 
he and his girlfriend had broken up probably two weeks before he did it, I know that he removed her on every social media, but I’m honestly still not sure what happened between them. I don’t think the end of the relationship directly caused it, but I definitely think that it may have contributed. I also found out from my brother that he started to pick up coke and other drugs after we stopped talking regularly as well. I just feel fucking retarded now. I should have said something. I knew that things were changing towards September but even after I found out he and his girlfriend broke up, I thought I should still wait a bit to spark things back up. my initial plan was to reach out to him on his 18th birthday, because I knew it was a big deal. it would be a huge milestone for him. I can confidently say that he has lived an extremely hard life, and if he could have finally had his own freedom, maybe something could have been different. 
the morning after it happened and the moment I found out was surreal. I woke up to a call from my brother telling me to look at his Facebook. it was one of the worst feelings i’ve ever felt. it honestly took a while for him to even convince me that it’s true. it was a fucked up situation that only got shittier, because being 17 at the time, I wasn’t even able to go to his services or wake because it was too far and intervened with school. it killed me. I felt that I couldn’t be there for him when he really needed it, and now I couldn’t even go to his wake. I feel indefinitely terrible about the whole situation, and this is all I ever think about. if this is all that is going to be on my mind, I just don’t think I see the point. it’s too much to handle. I’ve been trying to for 3 months now, but every second just feels like I found out 5 minutes ago. he’s been such an important person in my life for a while, and I can’t move on from this. no matter what I do for “help”: therapy, more drugs, etc; nothing will bring him back. what’s the point.
this is honestly way too long of a story to try to explain in one post, and this is probably confusing as fuck, but basically idk what to do with myself. I literally had plans to live with him this year. it feels so damaging to have known so much about someone, and cared for them so deeply, just to have everything disappear in an instant. I wish he could have just waited until he was 18 to see if anything changed. he was only a month away. 
I’m tripping on acid for the first time this week, one of the many things I was supposed to do with him, and I’m worried that I’m going to be thinking of him and feel depressed the whole trip. but at the same time, any drug is better than feeling what I do when I’m sober. my life is one bad trip. i’ve been a weed smoker for a while, but recently I have been getting into drugs more than ever before, and everything has just gotten significantly more fucked up. being newly graduated from HS, everyone is asking me about future plans and what I’m doing myself. I give some bullshit answer, but in reality, even a month from now is unimaginable. I wish I could have just done it before him, i’ve always had thoughts and considered it, but it didn’t start constantly running through my mind until now. 
this is just too heavy on me. I feel myself becoming this weak, easily angered, depressed, hopeless person...and it’s inevitable. I imagine nearly every way to end my life every day now, and I’m just tired. my heart hurts. I miss you, and I’m so fucking sorry. you know I always loved you