I just wish life would endFor almost half my life I've ether wanted to kill myself or I can't wait for life to end. I want to be happy but it's so hard. When I tell people about my life I don't think they believe me and that's ok because some people don't want to see the world for what it really is. I know and others know what a dark world we live in and as long as I have hope for the future then I think I will be alright. Well that is usually what I think but right now I'm going thought a bad time in my life and I can't see the light at the end of the tunnel. I'm tired of telling myself that life will get better because in my 30 years on this earth I don't think it has. I feel like I have traded one bad thing for another as the years have gone by. 


Before I could even remember to around 8 years old I was being sexually abused. 

From the time I was 5 to 18 I had moved over 26 different times. 

I went to 10 different school.

I had a hard time learning in school that when I was in grade 3 they said I just learn my kindergarten letters. 

When I was 15 I started to lose my hair.

I sufferer from depression and anxiety.

I only ever been on 1 date and had 1 kiss in 30 years.

I have no one in my life that I can trust, well I don't trust anyone. 

I work low paying jobs.

Right now my bills are pilling up faster then I can pay them off.


My sexually abused story is hard to put into words because even I don't understand it fully. I have memories of stuff but I'm not sure if they are true or not. Like I have this memory where I'm standing in front of this dude that is sitting in a chair that reclines. In the background there is this lady that walks by the door for a second and I don't see her anymore. As I'm standing in front of that dude he has his gross nasty thing out and he puts chocolate sauce on it and tells me to lick it. I don't know if I lick it or not because that is all there is to that memory. 


This sexually abuse store I know is true because it went on for years and I know it's not part of the first story if it happened. The person who abused me for years was my uncle and he never had any woman in his life. Well I never told my family that my uncle sexually abused me. They see him as a loving and funny man to be around. It was not hard for him to get his hands on me because he was my mom's go to babysitter when she wanted to go out and party and she used to party almost every weekend. The only reason he stopped with the abuse was that he got diabetes and had to have one of his legs cut off. 


The third time I was sexually abused was when I was around 8 years old. My mom met this man and he used her low self esteem for love to get close to her to get to me. One day while we where at his house my mom left me there so she could get food. I remember sitting on his lap and he put his hand into my pants and for some reason I told him no. I don't know what made me say it but I said no. He said one more minute and I said I would tell my mom. He pulled his hand out and I walked away. I still didn't tell my mom. I have other memories with him doing stuff but just like my first memory it is fuzzy and I'm not sure if it's real or not. My fuzzy memory is where my mom left me in his care while she went out. I remember he was showing me stuff and I don't know how it happened but I was on the couch and he was on top of me. I remember pushing him off and I blacked out for a second or two because next thing I know I'm trying to climb the stairs and then everything is black again. 


I don't really know what to say about moving. I have lived in two provinces and one territory, I lived in 2 hotels, once in foster care, 4 times with other families and 19 times with my family all over.


I went to 10 different school because of all my moving. Kindergarten, 1 to 4, 6 and 9 to 12 I went to 1 school. 7 and 8 I went to 2 schools and grade 5 I went to three different schools. The only reason in grade 9 to 12 I went to one school is because the city I was living in was so small that it only had 4 high schools. 


School and learning is a big part of my anxiety. I love to learn but when you know your not doing as good as the other kids it hard. I would have so much faith that I was doing great but time and time again I would get things back and it would be shitty. It also didn't help that I didn't have help from anyone at home. My brother was in an accident when he was 5 and I was 1 and because of that he got tutors but you would think my report card saying I need help would get me help. My brother didn't have a mental handicap afterwords, he just got a pipe throw his arm from the other car. OK I'm jealous over the tutor that he got but it got so bad that in grade 6 I only got marked for 3 things. Personally planing, P.E and art. I remember once when I was in grade 9 and I failed a class that I tried to explain to my mom why and all she said was, "You trying to explain why makes me think you failed on purpose." She just walked away and I finally realized she didn't care. It's funny because she wants me to go to college but how can I when I have no drive to go to school anymore. I can't see what school will bring me because I have no faith in my learning abilities. When I go to school I freak out so much in my head that I'm failing that I fail. I freak out about my writing and anything school related. When I finally went to college I failed almost everything and I got so depressed. 


I remember sitting in my chair late at night holding a knife thinking I would not have to feel this way anymore. I don't have to feel worthless or I don't have to worry about the future and what it holds. I just don't have to feel anything but even after all that I always held onto that one hope that everything will get better. 


I don't know if i told you this but I'm a female. All this time you might have read it and just figured I was female but sexual abuse does happen to males to. Just as much as abuse happens to males, female hairloss also happens to woman. It might not happen as much to woman as men but it happens. When I was around 15 or younger I started to lose my hair. Every year that I live my hair loses more and more hair from the top of my head. I don't really know what to say about this. I'm just a balding female and there's nothing I can do. I did try some stuff but I didn't like the way my body felt so I stopped. 


So up next is dating. Yes in the 30 years that I've been alive I've only ever been on 1 date. I only ever had 1 kiss. I want to date and I want to have kids but I can't bring myself to trust my heart to anyone. If I can't trust my family to love me how can I trust a stranger. The one and only date I went on was nice but I just could not bring my self to stop shaking. I shook so bad and I really liked him. The only reason he got a date was because he didn't know how to take no for an answer. Even though I been sexually abused I know the sex can be fine, even wonderful, well from what I heard, I just can't bring myself to go about it. I'm not afraid of the sex part of a relationship but the part where I have to trust my emotions to the person. 


Trust is another problem I have, well you know how I said I never told my mother about the abuse. One day she asked me if anyone ever touched me and I don't like to lie so I said yes. I gave her the name of the lesser of the two evils and she didn't say anything more about that. Next thing I know one day at school I had people come talk to me about what happened. You know what the shitty thing about what happened is that she pick that dude over me. She knew what happened at she still let him come around the house, until one day I got taken away by foster care. She got me back right away and that is what started our move out of province. It's not the only time she taken other people sides over mine. If she got a boyfriend they came first. I remember once I got sick and  I was puking my guts out and I called her up and she basically told me there's nothing she can do so there's no point coming home. I remember calling her when it was -50C outside asking her to come pick me up and she said no because she just washed her hair. You might wonder why I didn't take the bus or call a taxi but taxi stopped picking up there phone if they got to busy and buses stopped running after 7pm. I got off work at 10 30pm so I was stuck walking home in the cold. I remember another time I fainted and I woke up to her laughing and asking me what happened. After I told her I don't know she went on her merry old way. As long as my mom sees me as awake and not dead she don't care. 


Do you wonder ware my dad is in all this, well I never lived with him. My parents never got along as far back as I can remember. I remember once when I was 12 my dad asked me to spend Christmas with him and he said he would call me back the next day for my answer. I asked mom and she said yes but he never called back. Later he said that he thought mom would never agree but to my 12 year old heart that hurt so much. 


My brother, almost a year back told me that he would always be hear for me. How can someone say that when they don't ever pick up your phone calls. The last time I called him was Feb 11 and I called him 4 times that day. He never picked up my call and never called me back. The last time he called me was Sept 20 because I posted some picture on Facebook of me sitting in the hospital waiting for the doctor. Do I have to die first before anyone cares. 


I tired of talking of my family. It's just making me really sad and the tears will not stop pouring out of my eyes. 


Lets talk about something simple. I work low paying jobs because I don't have the confidence that I can do anything better and I suffer from really really bad anxiety. My anxiety can be so bad that I will not even go into a shop I never been in before. I don't like talking to new people and getting a job makes me have to bring up my worst fears. In a job interview I have to enter buildings I never been in before and talk to people I don't know. I have to show that I'm somewhat smart but my mind tends to break down so I come off like a fool. Even if I some how I get the job and I get promoted I will not take it because I freak out that I'm will show every one I failed. I was not good enough, my still that fool in grade school that everyone laughed at. I've been in the job field for 12 years now and I'm still only making a dollar or more then when I started back then. 


Right now I just feel like life is weighting down on me. I didn't have a job for most of this year because I was having a hard time. I got into an accident a couple months ago and the bills just came in the mail today. A week ago today I broke one of my teeth in half and that's another couple 1000's I can't afford. In a couple days it's Christmas and I got nothing to be happy about. I'm 30 years old and I always told myself life will get better. For 15 years I've been telling myself that and life has not gotten better. I might not have to worry about sexually abuse but I traded that in for debit, depression and anxiety. How am I going to pay my rent for the next month. I'm barley eating because food cost so much money. I only eat one meal a day and even after I eat I'm still hungry. 

I just don't want to feel this way anymore. 