Today was the second time in the past six months that I put together all the tools to end my own life. And then I ate a potato.How fucking stupid is that?

The thoughts are still there. Nothing has been done with the 'logic' and reasoning that continues to lead me to want to just end it.

I sat with all the tools, planned out my methods; suicide notes, making sure loved ones wouldn't find me first, even finding a method to leave a mostly unmutilated corpse. And then I figured I didn't want to go on an empty stomach. Hours later, here I sit. Still here.

I think what I hate most is that after nearly thirty years of dealing with all the facets that make me... well, me, is how powerless I continue to find myself in changing them. Don't get me wrong; I know all the motivations... the difference between a nice person and an asshole pretending to be a nice person is about a year, right? After two decades, no shortage of methods and facades to put on and where and parade about in to function as a Normal Human Adult have been developed. I've started on therapy that actually seems to be going somewhere... and yet, here I sit. The medication to control these little... episodes, also seem to be doing jack shit. 

There was a moment, though... when I truly, and honestly, felt like a whole person. To no one's surprise it was when I had fallen in love, or more importantly let myself fall in love with someone. They broke it off, and I really, really did try to hold on to what I had gained... but, well, sometimes you're just surrounded by the wrong kind of people. Almost a year and a half later, and I remain completely shattered. Constantly questioning the people that do try to help me, while paradoxically feeling painfully alone and unable to share my pain... also while doing a good bit of self inflicted social isolation.

Which sucks a whole fucking lot when you've lived as an extrovert your whole life.

Naturally when you have these kind of trust issues, an added bonus is when you honestly can't figure out not only whether or not what you feel is valid, but what you feel to begin with... communication takes a pretty big fucking hit.

Lost my job thanks to that one. Almost four years, pissed down the drain. Skewered some relationships as a bonus, and, well, put myself into a spot where I want to end my life but get talked out of it from eating. a fucking. potato.

See if I'm as lucky next time this rears it's retarded head.