If you're ugly, nobody gives a shit about you.If you're just naturally ugly, people don't give you the time of day at all. I'm a 27 year old guy, and I've been ugly all my life, though in recent years it's gotten a lot worse.  I used to be short and obese in my teenage years, but I got fed up with it and decided to diet hardcore, and ended up losing over 60 pounds. Even though I was skinnier I was still ugly. I had hoped that my case would turn out similar to other late-bloomers or ugly ducklings, who had really attractive faces under all the fat. My face was still round and I still had ugly features like a huge, pointy nose and deep eyebags. I still managed to keep most of the weight off until my hair started to recede around the time I was 21. 6 years later, I am almost completely bald and it's one of the worse things knowing that your youth basically got cut short due to being fucked over by genetics.

People try to tell you all the time that looks don't matter, but they truly do. People get passed over for jobs all the time because of their appearance. Employers are more willing to give an attractive person the benefit of the doubt. People in general are much nicer to you if you're out and about. Cashiers are often short with me, putting in just the bare amount of effort to be polite but otherwise acting aloof. Then they're super perky and cheery whenever they ring up the person after me.  
At school or jobs I've had, I try to be social. People either ignore you outright or try to get you to go away without saying it outright by acting disinterested. I understand that it's impossible for everyone to like you, but a majority of the people I encounter are that way to me.  
There's no real purpose in living if you're not aesthetically pleasing, I can't even look at myself in the mirror. I look like a middle aged man even though I'm supposed to be in the prime of my life. I hate this so much. I spend my days stuck inside my room now. I don't have fulfillment or a reason to live. Most guys my age are in relationships or high paying careers, buying homes and having kids. Meanwhile I'll never be able to achieve those things because of my ugliness. I just want to overdose on pills and not wake up again.