Going to talk to Student Advocacy about a potentially fatal errora year and a half ago, I was checked by my campus police to see if I was suicidal, and whether they should take me to a hospital. I lived in a dorm there at the time, and I had to talk to eight different people in 24 hours about my safety. Finally I said, enough, I've just told eight different people that I'm safe, I'm not going to the campus center to talk to a crisis counselor.

Here's where the error STARTS. after what had occurred, my roommates didn't want to live with me anymore, so residential life services (this is now 48 hours afterward) sat me down and told me I was to move elsewhere and that after our meeting I needed to go and get stuff for the night. I was going to be moved into a one-bed little dorm room while they waited to find me a place in another apartment.

So, what they didn't realize was they dropped something pretty traumatic on me, a student who is still experiencing suicidal thoughts, and then said I was to be in a room all by myself. In other words, they handed me the PERFECT, and I mean PERFECT opportunity to kill myself, and I knew it. They were lucky I decided to go home instead. They were lucky that I had a home close enough to go to, because another suicidal student would be stuck in that one room. 

See the thing is, they were also lucky that I was not sure if I wanted to die, especially die that night. I knew that I was at serious risk if I went to the one room, and if I mentioned that risk I would be taken to the hospital, so I left it at that.  If I was more determined, you bet I would have taken that room. It would feel like a stroke of luck, in the twisted way my mind worked. For a good twenty seconds, it was.

I've waited a little too long to talk to a school official, and I'm only motivated to do it because they reached out to me to see if I was doing okay after an unrelated incident. It's been really distracting, I'm not going to lie. I want to get to my work that I have to do, but it feels like the beginning of a closing on that traumatic experience.