No Free will 

We have no free will. They have inserted diseases so we go for a treatment so they can keep a log of us and we keep going back for more and more eventually profiting from our suffering. There is a lot of money to be made from keeping people sick and selling people the illusion that these so called medication do but they do more harm than good. We are slaves to the elites who will soon replace us with robots. They sold everyone a fantasy that everyone was special when everyone is not special and that we are all slaves.

They strip of our individuality and they stay in power rather than being human about it. We are all in one sick science experiment where eugenics is still in motion. Everything costs money these days. I mean everything. You have no freedom. The only freedom you have is the internet and even then that's an illusion.

I get the feeling that we are all being tested in a science experiment to see how much we can take it until we snap and they send us to prison and take a photo of us in the archives to keep and then run a story of how deeply flawed this person is who make even more money. Big brother already keeps a record of everything we do hence why the internet was invented.

Might as well commit suicide. Fuck these pieces of shit who stole away our freedom. This world makes auschwitz looks like child's play and that our life is simply just protoplasm used to leech life out of us and it's no wonder we don't live in a decentralized economy but they use money as a form of control to psychologically torture you in this bullshit capitalist society which keeps you a prisoner. They are just waiting for you to make a mistake so they can take away your liberty anytime they want.

Friendly fascism won a long time ago. They all have a comfortable life and live in fancy apartment buildings feeding their own fantasy at the expense of ours. They can simply print money out of thin air and buy up land and call it a day and tell people to do their dirty work for them. They all want to live in the fantasy world because they were probably abused when they were little so they are having fun with us.

They use mathematics which is another fantasy and use that in the real world and no wonder we have so many problems in the world. It's because they are trying to apply absolutes to a world that has no absolutes.