I turn 27 in a few minutes. I'm in my room drinking alone on a Saturday and I'm having suicidal thoughts again for the first time in nearly 10 years.I have supportive friends and family - hell, I have a group of friends upstairs right now at this very moment hanging out and having a good time. But here I am, alone in my room drinking straight vodka with the lights off because I simultaneously don't want to be sober, but also hate my body too much to afford it some form of sweetened mixer.

I feel inexorably isolated from every person I interact with. As if I can't open up and be myself near any living person.

I have a stable job in a relatively cutting edge field that pays well. One where I've been promoted consistently and feel appreciated for my efforts - but I feel no satisfaction from my work whatsoever.

There isn't a single source of motivation in my life that feels worthwhile.

I've sought therapy for things in my past but I feel as if I just tell these people what I think they want to hear.

I feel disgusting when I have to rely on other people for anything, and as a result - here I am, wanting desperately to reach out to someone I know, but feeling paralyzed and unable to.

I was given an inheritance when my grandpa passed in the form of a .308 bolt action rifle. 

Over the past few weeks I withdrew all $25k dollars from my retirement fund, on top of everything in my checking account.

Right now nothing feels more compelling than to sober up, write an informal letter distributing my belongings and money between the people I know, exit my house, load the rifle into my trunk, drive somewhere far out into the woods - and then walk out into a field and end it all.

I don't want my death to inconvenience the people around me. I don't want my brains to stain my car, so someone can take it and use it in my place.

... I know I'm not going to do any of this. I have responsibilities.

But those things don't change the desires to do it, or this overbearing feeling of isolation.

1 minute until I become tardy for joining the 27 Club.
Happy Birthday to me. 🎉