I feel dumb for posting this, but i dont see where my life is goingTo start off, theres already a lot of hate for 14 year olds. Also, i have considered therapy on multiple occasions. Only i dont think i could do it. Get my parents to set me up and talk to a complete stranger for some time only to confirm things i had suspicions about. Its not something i see happening. One last thing, i always consider myself less than everybody else, so typing this out is actually pretty hard for me. Sorry for typos, on my phone.
Anyways, everybody is always bitching at me to decide what i want to do on life. All i can see in my future is either a guy in organized crime, illegal goods trading, and being a soldier. My parents were all in the military at some point an my dad still is, wich i guess thats were it comes from. Anyways, i apparently have a high IQ and i could do so much good to the world and shit. My parents want me to have a office job in the military , they want me to be bored all fucking day long. If i told them i wanted to be an infantry man, they wiuld rip my throat out (not literally) and give me a 1 billion hour speech. If told them i wanted to be a drug dealer, they would kick me out or something among those lines. 
That shit does not help my depression. Shit has been going on for about 6 years now. Yeah, imagine the fuck up i truly am. I have been self harming for a few years now, and it has helped me but became a problem. I would cut then just go to bed, blood would go on the sheets, and over my clothes. I would also just never clean my razor, i would just plop it on my table wide in the open for everyone to see. I didnt care whatsoever fucking ever. I changed blades 3 times because they all became blunt. My leg looks purple from all the cuts. 
Additionaly, i believe i suffer of depersonalization disorder. I have no emotions. I feel everything going on but i just think "huh, that happened" and move on. I dont remember the last time i was amazed by something or even what emotions feel like. 
I still question my sexuality, but i think im bisexual, only i can barely accept it. My parents probably wouldnt get over it. Example: when my brother told my parents he was transexual, they didnt take it all that well. 
I have no friends. The closest i am to someone is this one guy who knows just about everything. I told by accident. Now i almost have to threaten him so he doesent do anything. Its not the right thing to do at all. I very well aware of it. But i find it would help me if no one knew about all this shit. Hes seen my leg, hes heard it all. And that desent help my paranoia. Not at fucking all. 
As you can see, im a huge mistake. I wouldve had a sister if i wasnt born. I blame myself for the miscariage my mom had before she had me. If that girl had come out instead of me, i think everyones life woul have been better. 
I consider myself fat even though i barely weight 120 pounds. I fucking hate myself. I have odd fetishes, i enjoy watching gore. And im talking real gore, like people with suicide vests blowing up and taking everyone else in the room with them. Or seing someone shoot thenselves in the head with a shotgun blast. I find it amazing to see someone who survives a shotgun blast to the face (it has happened before). I think that watching gore makes me a sick fuck. Everything suggests i am a bad person. I wasnt raised like this, i wasnt tought anything about how drugs are great, i was never tought that self harm can keep someone alive. My parents always said its fucked up. Every time they talk about it (by the way, my brother experienced a bit with SH but never really did permanent damage like me) its just another speech. Nod head often, say you understand, dont flip out, think Bout something else while were at it *awesome music*, display certain emotions when they talk about statistics. Its all bullshit to me. Everything is bullshit to me. Nothing makes sense, im failing in social studies (who thought that was possible) in math and in technology class. Probably french too. 
Every day i think about killing myself. Every day i make a new plan to kill myself. To me it dleset matter if i let the train take me, ot the cars on the highway, or an overdose, like before. I tried to commit suicide 3 times. And im only 14. Everyday i just act like everyone and blend in as much as possible, i talk to people and interact with everyone. They all think im just a nice happy student. And actually pains me to knos that the second they knew all about it, they would not only see me differently (in a bad way) but they would avoid me, make fun of me, never laugh at my shitty jokes. Im running out of subjects to talk about. 
I also have problems continuing things or finishing them. But hey, i actually finished Portal 2 a few days ago, one of the only games i have EVER fucking completed. 
I dont see the point of this world in wich we live in. To me its all pointless. 
I speak 2 laguages fluently and im learning another one. It seems like i do have potential to be a pilot like m dad or a teacher like my mom. But all i see is...nothing. I dont see myself doing anything i the future, except drugs, living off of someone, and maybe be a prostitute. It also seems that all there is in the future, is war. Right now, water is the new oil and it seems like there will be a war between Canada and the rest of the world sometime by the end of the decade maybe. The Russians might attack, and hell, what if the UN turned on us Canadians? 

I guess my point is, i just need a bit of help to figure out the next step in my life... 