Chrome stiletto dead womanHeya, I just wanted to whine like the wind. I feel fried and fictitious. I get more feral every day, I feel like a lunatic. I don’t know if there’s something horribly wrong with my brain due to my synesthesia. I get overwhelmed in the sensorium every day, my chest is invaded with death. I will only stay alive for my divine boyfriend. I despise wealthy people. I know it’s irrational, but they have so many plushy resources and sanitized lives. They haven’t had to steal to eat like a pauper clutching their knee socks. Flying by the seat of my pants. I truly don’t know what’s wrong with me and I’m awful confused and scared. My relationship with colors and language is kaleidoscopic and I find it horrible attempting to communicate normally. I want to thrash my body everywhere. I should have stayed in ballet. But I prefer lifting iron weights . I am too emotive and bizarre. I’m too childlike and I believe nearly everything I’m told. I’m at my nadir, here. I despise the rich people that are ruining the earth. I hate them so so absolutely much. I’ wish I could commission some carrier pigeons to peck their eyes out and chew them like raisins. Anybody with dead eyes, I’m afraid. They’re like invaders. My boyfriend has a dreadful immune disorder and he’s the most beautiful lambent man, he’s only ever helped people. I’ll be at his side no matter what. It’s infuriating to me that my boyfriend and other kind people are suffering so desperately and the structure of this sicko place wont give them access to the facilities and assistance that rich people can “afford.” The swoon of the injustice is hardly peached and phosphate fizzy. I don’t know what’s going on I’m just trying not to drown beneath the ocean foam of my fury so I don’t die. I want to hurt them. I know this all sounds awful, I just don’t know how to explain this. I’ve been raped many times, I’ve been beaten many times,I got off of opiates, I have ptsd from that part of my life. I’m only 23. I feel hapless. I depend on weed edibles to sleep because I have insomniac fits otherwise. Sorry for bloviating thank you. I know that it’s not the fault of anyone born into a rich family, I can’t help but feel frustrated though. It’s been so difficult to assimilate to regular society for me.