Mother has become suicidal and I don't know what to do.throwaway account.

The TL;DR:  My mother is in her early 60s, has been divorced for 15 years, lost a restaurant to her "best friend."  She has been going through depression without telling me or my brother (we're not entirely sure on the reason of her depression).  9 months ago, my brother moves in during his divorce to get help with raising his daughter, I also move in to help him and my mom (and to help myself financially).  My mother and brother don't have the greatest relationship, we all go to disney land for vacation, we get into arguments and haven't talked to each other much since we got back 2 1/2 weeks ago.  A couple of nights ago, she admits to me her plan to sell her house and to kill herself...It's possible she has been thinking of this for longer than the past few weeks, a couple of months ago she takes my brother and I to her accountant to show us where all her estate/money is going to when she does die.

She has a history of anxiety and depression and has been prescribed pills by some doctor in the next town over that is "cheaper, easier and faster."  I'm beginning to think this guy is basically a drug dealer with a degree and is signing off whatever meds to my mother without truly evaluating her.  She was also raised in S. Korea and generally only watches Korean entertainment (which is pretty much just dramas and tragedies, she also watches the world news).  She told me the other night that she wanted to commit suicide, and I'm scared that I believe her.

Her prescriptions include:

Hydroxyzine (Antihistamine for anxiety)
Lisinopril (ACE inhibitor, for high blood pressure)
Metoprol Tar (beta blocker for high blood pressure)
Fluoxetine (SSRI for depression)
There could be more, these were the bottles in her room.  She also drinks 2-4 beers during the evening.

Now for the whole story...


Where to start...

My mother is a Korean-American in her early 60s.  She was raised in S. Korea and has lived in the states for the past 40 years.  She met my father in her late twenties, married by 30, raised two boys (myself and my brother), owned a restaurant, and went through a divorce with my father when I was around 10 (almost 20 years ago).

After the divorce, my mother stayed in town to be around her children.  She ran the restaurant for another 10 years, sold half of it to her "best friend" so she could have more time to rest.  Her "best friend" ripped her off, over paid her manager (because the "best friend" was sleeping with him) and ended up running the restaurant to the ground before bailing out and opening her own restaurant.  So my mother lost the restaurant and had to figure out her retirement plan.  Luckily she saved enough to support her self along with an Air Force retirement check (from my father) and was able to get Social Security for disability.

During this time, my brother had a daughter and ended up going through a divorce with his spouse.  When the baby was 2 1/2 yrs, he moved in with my mother so she could help him raise the baby.  During this time, my lease ran out on my house and was asked by my brother to move in with my mom as well to help with the baby.  Really cheap rent and family time, so I couldn't refuse.  That was about 9 months ago.

At the beginning of this year, we decided to go on a family vacation to disney land for numerous reasons.  I actually declined on going at first, but was persuaded by both my mother and brother to go and take pictures.  I agreed, regretfully, since our family has a 100% success rate at getting into an argument while on vacation.

OK, at this point it might sound like we are a bit dysfunctional, but who's family isn't to a certain point?  It never goes farther than yelling, making up, and going on with our lives...except for this time.

Everything was going pretty well on vacation, everyone, especially the baby was having a blast.  I got into an argument with my brother on the second day but made up quickly.  During the 3rd and last day of our vacation, everyone was very stressed out from trying to calm down a baby that was realizing the vacation was coming to an end.  This is where it all starts.

We were on the bus to go back to our car when my brother was double checking the list in his head and making sure he/we grabbed everything.  He asked our mother several times if all toys, jackets, and belongings were gathered.  This apparently made her frustrated (note, she had a couple glasses of wine at dinner).  Since we were on a bus and around people, she bit her lip and kept her mouth shut.  During the ride to the hotel in the car, she continued to be quiet.

We get back to the hotel and my mother waits for my brother to go out for a cigarette and talks to me about why she's mad.  Her reasons on being upset seemed pretty petty.  It was definitely a result of everything building up and this was the straw that broke the camels back.  She starts to look for a reason to pick an argument with me, so I calm her down and get away.

The next morning we gather all of our luggage and start the car ride home.  No body is really talking to each other and tension is tight.  My mother "slept" most of the way home, I drove the whole 8hr drive while my brother tended to his daughter.  When we get home, my mom goes to her room and locks the door behind her (first time ever, she always kept the door open in case we wanted to talk to her or the baby wanted attention).

Fast forward 2 weeks (a few days before this post).  She has been locked up in her room the entire time, only coming out occasionally for a cigarette, though most of the time she would smoke in her room.  If she came out to the garage and saw one of us, she would turn around, go into her room and wait until we were gone.  I can't lie, my brother and I were doing the same thing, tension was too tight and we thought it would blow over like it always has.  One night, she encounters my brother and begins to get upset and yells at him to move out as soon as possible.

A couple days later, he has an apartment and has moved 2/3rds of his things to his new place.  I help him with his bed and when we get back we see our mother in the garage talking to someone in Korean.  She looks VERY sad.  We wait for her to get off the phone and ask her if everything is OK, she ignores us.  A couple hours later (my brother is now at his new place), I hear my mom's door open and decide to intercept her.  I get her attention and make it clear I wanted to talk, she seemed really distraught.  She immediately breaks down, starts to have what looks like an anxiety attack (history of anxiety and depression and has been prescribed pills for it), I try to calm her down and see what's wrong.

Her first words come out while she first breaks down, hard to understand, but it sounded like "I don't want to die."  It also could have been "I don't know, I want to die."  It was hard to understand.  At the time, I take it as "I don't want to die" and start to see if I can see any signs of overdose.  Besides her anxiety attack, it didn't seem like her life was in danger, I continue to calm her down and get information from her.  She starts to say things like "I don't know what I did wrong."  I try to ask her why she thinks she did something wrong, she can't answer.

After she calms down and is able to talk clearly, she looks at me straight in the eyes and tells me her "plan."  She is very calm and looks serious.  She goes on to say that she plans to sell her house, take care of a few bills and things, then she wants to **commit suicide...**

I immediately ask "why!?" and hug her very tightly.  She goes on to say she lived a good life and for the past few years she has been getting more and more depressed and thinking that the world has nothing else to offer her and she has nothing else to offer the world.  I (now in tears) ask her why she would want to give up her life.  Theres still so much to see, the future of our planet, the future of her children and of course to watch her only grandchild grow up.  She replies by saying that we are all grown up now, she's done her part.  She wants to die...She keeps saying it during our talk.  My brother comes back and it kind of halts the conversation, she promises that she wouldn't kill her self before the house was sold, and I have nothing to worry about...yeah right, I'm more worried than I have ever been in my life.

I am really really really hoping this is a "cry for help" kind of thing, but the way that everything went down sort of points towards the real deal.  She has threatened to kill her self a couple times in the past while she was with my father, but it was always a "cry for help" and after talking with him, we realize its not the same as the past.  I don't know much about her doctor, but I do remember her saying she goes to a doctor right outside of town because "he's cheaper, faster and easier".  I'm starting to think this is one of those doctors that just sign off what ever anti-depression and anxiety medication when someone comes in and isn't really evaluating her.  My first goal is to try and get her to change doctors and meds.  Which could be a problem.

We have brought up her meds to her before and she immediately jumps to "a doctor prescribed this to me, why would a doctor do something to hurt me? You guys are not doctors."  But I really think this is the reason for her recent behavior.  She's still locking her self in her room, so I plan to leave a note for her tonight letting her know I would like to talk.  I will bring up the doctor and medication to her tonight or tomorrow.  I have a good feeling it won't go well, **so I am looking for advice on how to get my mother to change doctors/meds whether nicely or by force (I really don't want to go that route).  If things have to go by force, what do I do?  I'd imagine police will get involved and maybe something along the lines of me getting power of attorney over her or having her committed.**


Some additional info maybe left out:

She has a bad habit of making sure we don't do any chores at all, she always insists that she will do them, then later complains about how tired it makes her and that we don't do anything in the house.

My brother and my mother have always been the same.  They love each other for the first few weeks of being around each other, then start to hate each other and always get in arguments.  Some is my mom's fault, a lot is my brother's fault (he's one of those people that never want to be wrong and go over the top to make his point sound valid).

I get along with my mother much better and very rarely ever argue at each other.  She has however, has picked a fight we me a couple times over the past 9 months after her and my brother would argue and he would leave.  Basically, venting, but also tries to call me out on things that I do, that aren't even bad.

She was (or seemed) very happy for the most part over the past 9 months.  She really does enjoy when we all act like a family and sit down for dinner.

I have once came and visited her a few years ago and she was depressed (which was news to me), we talked about it, and everything went well, no thoughts of suicide or anything scary like that.

I think she switched over doctors a 1 1/2-2 years ago (once her insurance ended).  This doctor is in the next town over and according to her is "cheaper, easier and faster," that's all I know

She drinks, but I wouldn't call her an alcoholic.  She drinks a couple beers in the evening, she rarely gets "drunk."  Sometimes she'll have wine too, which will get her more than tipsy.

She has threatened suicide before decades ago to my father, but it was direct and a threat, more like a cry for help then.  This time, she didn't even want to tell me what she's been thinking, and she's planning it, not threatening it...



I am so sorry for this ridiculously long post.  I have my plans that my father and brother have helped me come up with but would like to hear outside opinions too.  I've never been so lost before.

My plans so far include: talking to her and trying to get her to agree to see another doctor for different medication, maybe even a clinical psychiatrist.  Then take it from there.  If she doesn't agree, we might have to wait for her next episode and get the police involved.  I have a hard time planning past this, because I don't want it to go down that road.  Any help is much appreciated and could maybe save a life.

EDIT: formatting