Here's my post about what I threw awayI'd just like to get all this down somewhere and hopefully organize my thoughts along the way. 

Hello, by the way. In advance, thanks for reading. 

I'm 25 now. Male. I'll preface this by saying that I've had a lot of mental issues ever since I can remember, but I won't get too much into that just for the sake of time. I have depression, ocd, social anxiety, trichotillomania, I might be bipolar? and I might also be a compulsive liar. I don't know. 

After I graduated from college with a Bachelor's degree in Culinary Arts / Nutrition I was almost immediately hired into a culinary management training program for a large, successful hotel company. As I lived in New York at the time at my family home, I had to move out to one of their properties in California if I wanted to take the job. Of course I leapt at the offer! Fast forward a little bit, I've moved out there to CA, started my job and had my own apartment, am paying my bills/college loans. I leased a new car. I made enough money that I could throw it around a little, within reason. But I was overall pretty comfortable. I lived about 1 mile from a popular beach in a community with a good night life, selection of restaurants/shops and easy access to the highway. 

After a year of living there I get pretty tired of my job. The hours are long, I work 60+ hours a week and sometimes work up to 10 days at a pace with no break in-between. I've worked in the culinary industry before and am no stranger to this, but I'm just not that passionate about the field anymore and want to do something else. Something less stressful with less hours, more of a stable lifestyle. I don't have the aspirations to be a great, famous chef.

But the problem was that they really liked me at the company. When I was there I worked hard, was passionate about the food that I made and my chefs and co-workers noticed this. Towards the end of my time there, the chefs wanted to make me a sous-chef (pretty big deal for someone like me right out of school). And here I am, who doesn't want it. Other people would jump at the opportunity, would give so much just to have ANY job.


I lived in California and worked at the hotel for nearly 2 years before I made the decision to move back home to New York. I wanted to move back home to NY to be closer to my friends/family. I wanted to explore a new job and hopefully make a career change. I wanted to live in New England.

Toward the end of my time in Cali I was thinking about killing myself nearly everyday, and in fact one day I wrote a letter to my family and came very close to acting on it. I have had serious thoughts on suicide for many years now, but they wax and wane. When I was in my adolescence I was put in the hospital for an otc drug overdose, a botched suicide attempt. 

Well, I ended up quitting and moving home last October. I packed all my crap up and drove back to NY and moved back in with my parents in their apartment. Since then I've been looking for a job, trying to figure out what the fuck I want to do with my life and just can't seem to think of anything that I'm really that interested in doing. I'm at my wits end and I just don't want to try anymore. I owe a lot of student loans for a degree that I'm not all that interested in. 

The urge to commit suicide has been so strong. I know now that I won't do anything beneficial to the rest of the world. I'm just a leech. I don't go outside anymore, I just sit in my room with the shades drawn and browse the internet for jobs or bullshit &amp; play games. Generally, I don't go outside for days at a time. The friends that I thought I had here in NY aren't really there for me. I've been having issues with my fiance too, but that could be a whole other post in itself. She's been fucking this other guy and spending a lot of time with him. We're in an "open" relationship, but so far it's just been her spending time with other guys and me spending time with ... myself.

I really, really, really should have stayed where I was. I had it so good there, and I threw it all the fuck away... and for what?

I'm not sure if I can continue writing this, there's a lot of thoughts in my head screaming for attention and I can't seem to write them down in an orderly manner anymore. I apologize if this didn't make sense to you, but it makes me feel a little better that I can share this with someone.