I've been wanting to die an accidental death for a while now and I think about it constantly. Anybody else do this?Hey Reddit, 
For the past two days I've been heavily debating trying to find ways to accidentally die. To the point where I walked around my town last night to try and find places I could walk out into the middle of the road and get hit by a car. I've contemplated suicide before in the past but have never been so depressed that I actually have taken steps to do it. I just want to know if anyone else feels this way? 


Here's a little backstory into my depression, or whatever this is since i've never been professionally told i'm depressed. I'm a 21F with no family. I grew up in a very physically abusive household but I could never do anything about it because my parents didn't abuse my other siblings, just me, and I couldn't bear to see them be put into the foster care system. I finally had enough one day and moved out of my parents house in high school. I lived with my high school counselor for three months and then moved in with my bf that I was dating at that time. I fell deeply in love with him and he persuaded me to go to college. We both ended up going to the same college and continuing our relationship. Things went downhill towards the end of our freshman year. Unfortunately, I ran into some health problems and he was the only one there that could take care of me. We continued off and on for the next four years of college, we are both seniors now. I go to his family for the holidays, and him and I even traveled the world together and have been through more than many people know. I've been so confused by our relationship. For the past five months, we've been pretty much exclusive even without the title and I've felt the happiest I've been in so long. On Friday, he slept with a girl at a party, and we've barely talked since. I don't know why it's affecting me so hard this time, but I can't seem to eat for the past three days or sleep, so i just walk around trying to kill myself. I just lost my best friend, I don't know what to do with myself anymore since we hung out every day and slept with each other every night. Besides losing him, I feel like I don't have anyone to turn to since my mom is his mom as well. My friends are about to graduate and so I won't have anyone to live with or be friends with for my last part of college, and they are trying to figure out their life and don't have time to worry about my problems as well. I'm financially screwed because of student loans and I don't have a car or a job. There honestly doesn't seem much to life anymore, I lost my best friend and lover, I don't have direction in life, and I just don't know what to do anymore..

TL;DR: I want to kill myself in a way that looks like an accident so the people I leave behind won't feel guilty. I also don't own a gun and don't have the balls to hang myself and if it fails I can't bear life afterward. Main source of pain is an ex and sudden lack of direction in life. Please don't degrade me for my reasons, I have a huge life story behind these reasons. I just want to know if anyone else does this as well and why you haven't gone through with it because i feel so close to doing it. First post on Reddit ever.