(Response to a deleted post): I drew you a thingDear reddit user who deleted their recent post:

(I’ll message them this post but didn’t want to use their username in case they decided they wanted to keep it private.)

I’m so sorry you’re feeling this way - I think deep loneliness is one of most painful feelings a person can experience. Being understood and feeling connected with other people is a very strong human need, and it sounds like your feelings of aloneness are causing you to have serious suicidal thoughts. (Idk if you’ve seen r/lonely/, but you're not alone in being alone. Maybe this isn’t exactly “comforting” to know that so many other people are suffering like you, but it does mean you are very human -- we all have this need for connection, understanding, and love in common.)

\--

Disclaimer: I’m not a mental health professional, just a random internet person, but as someone who’s had my own struggles with suicide, these are some thoughts:

I’m concerned that you are having significant suicidal ideation. I see suicidal thoughts as emergency alarms screaming at you that you need immediate help - if you have anyone you live with/anyone you can trust enough, please tell them how you’re feeling. It sounds like you would benefit from talking to a therapist asap, but if that’s not possible for any reason, maybe try a suicide hotline? (I’ve heard that hotlines aren’t always the best, but they’re better than nothing, since at the very least they can refer you to some more resources.)

\--

Life is extremely unexpected, and there are never any guarantees. That being said, as long as you’re alive, there’s always the possibility that you can experience new things, both good and bad. I think being able to trust and freely share all your thoughts with someone else (ideally a good therapist) can help, and can speed up the process of learning how to build closer relationships. (Maybe this isn't the healthiest thing/good to share, but I used to think of suicide as a backup that I often ruminated on when I didn't see any other options, but recently I’ve been finding that there’s basically always other options you can try first, even though it really, really doesn’t feel that way when you’re so suicidal. If you have Any other options, you have nothing to lose by living a bit more and trying them first.)

I’ve been in a drawing mood recently, and made a small drawing of a person in a warm house, looking out at a bridge. I hope you stay inside tonight, and I’m optimistic that you’ll find times of peace during life.

Here’s the drawing:

[https://imgur.com/a/kwDK5f5](https://imgur.com/a/kwDK5f5)