Self and not self abuse. [really long, any input, words, whatever would be appreciated]I just need to rant. I can't say I'm suicidal as much as I am just resigned to give up. I can't seem to try to will myself to live. And I have so many bad habits, that it's getting worrisome for myself, but no one can help me. Only I can help me and I can't handle it all, I can't handle all of the stupid habits I have that make me self destruct and try to stop them all without managing to up abuse in an area while reducing it in another.

I was raped when I was 19 or 20. I often tell people I was raped when I was 12. I don't really know why I do this, I suppose I just don't want to remember actually being raped, but I want to tell people about it for some reason. So, I feel guilty or ashamed of that. Maybe hoping that if I tell the right person then I can, I don't even know, I just keep waiting for the right fucking person to come along and help me and they don't exist. So then I can forgive myself and just stop hurting myself. Because I can never believe anyone, and the only things I can believe about myself are various sets of knowledge that aren't related to me, and all the pain. Probably 12 years of straight pain, I can really hardly remember anything pleasurable about those years at all. If I recall any memory at all, it is usually of pain. Except for the last year, which was me going crazy, and now I have pain as a result, and I've almost forgotten everything that was happy because of that. Pain tends to stick around the longest because it's supposed to teach you to avoid it, but for some reason I am very good at directing myself into pain and just finding more pain there, growing numb to it, and then repeating the process.  

Right now I feel like the most horrible person in the world. I have been abused but I lie about the the circumstances surrounding my abuse. I feel compelled to tell people these things about me, and I have absolutely no idea why. I just blert them out, like I'm testing people. But I don't have any defined behaviors for these blerts, I don't decide who a person is based on how they react to the blert, because the blert itself is wrong - I shouldn't tell random people these things about me, at least not with my name attached so they can judge me, but when I did this stuff, I didn't know that. I just wanted it to get fixed, and I fail at that over and over again, probably because I keep seeking people to help me fix it but no one wants to deal with someone who is probably going to just fall over dead one day. 

And now, I feel like I am being punished for that, because I told the wrong person these things about me. I have basically had someone following me around the internet since then, finding all of my various user-names and manipulating me into more suffering, and tormenting me with knowledge that I thought they were this person X, but keep holding X out of reach that I just feel like their actual goal is to get me to commit suicide, and a few times I have come very close to really considering it, but I can't. I'm at the point where I am just worried that all of my bad habits are going to kill me instead. And pretty much every conversation I have online one on one turns into this mockery of myself, and I just continue living my life, not caring what they say to me, because I've said things thousands of times worse to myself, that often when I get this mockery, I just go, yea, that is true, I've thought of that one too. I have basically told them about my entire life and they manage to find me every time anyway on the internet, or I could just be crazy, I have no idea at this point. They probably won't find this username, because when I want to tell the real truth about me, I need to use a fake name. But funnily enough, it's really not that different from the real truth, because the real truth is just so long that all I have to do to have a little story of how much my pain I've been in is just take a few things out of my life that sucked, and tell a few of them. And then I let it out a little bit at a time, because seriously, no one believes me anyway when I tell them parts of it that exceed like, one or two situations, I assume they probably just think I'm a pathological liar or something to justify disbelief and a lack of compassion. Or maybe they just hate people who hurt themselves. But I was a child when I started and now I'm an adult with so many of these coping mechanisms that I just have so little will left to change, because it's just too damn hard. It's just easier to keep smoking and not eating and not sleeping and trying to get into relationships with people I shouldn't and basically killing myself over desires that I could never have in the first place.  

I am not comfortable right now discussing my rape with my therapist. I only get to see him one or two times a month, and we focus more on what has happened recently to me, than actual trauma I have been through.

My stepfather used to hug me and wouldn't let me move to muffle me crying. My mother's boyfriend would mock me for puking upstairs when he heard me, often said sexual things to me, and walked in on me while I was bathing. My mother would constantly criticize my appearance and weight, whether it was 100lbs or 140lbs, it didn't matter. I remember curling into a little ball often crying, because of how much I hated myself for weighing 130lbs instead of 120lbs. I had to get straight As, my sister was nagged less and punished less and got Cs. I was socially ostracized, often to a degree larger than what I would consider normal, I was often ostracized within my own group of friends. I don't know, people say I'm too sensitive to shit or something, but from my perspective, the way I have been treated by nearly every group of people I associate with has been just more harm onto me. And I blame myself for all the harm, because I do it mostly to myself and they have to watch me to do it me, I mean I am the one who keeps trying to kill myself, keep cutting myself, smoking. But I don't know, I just, my parents were highly critical of me, I coped poorly, then I had friends who often did not accept me and occasionally were abusive, so I coped poorly with that, then I started getting into abusive relationships  and eventually was raped, verbally abused, had shit thrown at me often, chased around the house being screamed at (while the stoned neighbors laughed), and just, I don't know. I always feel like the person I am is just instantly hated, for desiring to be accepted by others. And somehow I have let a troll on the internet learn everything they can about me, learn all my usernames and just constantly harass me at every turn and all I can do is just avoid the messages, tell them to fuck off and I don't even know who I am talking to half the time, it could be people who want to help. So fantastic, really. 

I keep trying to look for something that will just fix me. I have an eating disorder, I have had one for the last 12 or so years, it changed from very low restriction anorexia (about 200 cals/day with running 8 miles a day), to bulimia, and now I'm back to anorexia. I went to the dentist today, and the way they told me how sad it was that someone of my age had teeth like I do, I started crying through it. And I am still doing it to myself. I keep making up more reasons to not have the eating disorder - like now I need to be skinny so no one will be attracted to me and people will never tell me they want me so I can fuck those things up and hurt myself even more. I just accepted the pain as part of who I am, that I would always be in some kind of physical pain because I had placed myself in situations where I had endured emotional pain and then through many self destructive coping mechanisms, I wind up placing myself in permanent physical pain. The amount of destruction that my eating disorder has taken on my body, I'm 26 years old, is very difficult to deal with. It is mostly in my bones, which seem often times soft enough that wearing bras begins to hurt my rib cage. But I have poor circulation in my legs also as a result, so I am never comfortable sitting. My toes are often completely numb, and lately the heels of my feet feel numb often. I go days without sleeping, until I have pounding headaches. I used to drink heavily for about 6 years, not enjoying it ever, wasting the money of my then fiance which I also feel horribly guilty for but justify because I made myself have sex with him when I didn't want to, which was pretty much every time we had sex and that was always painful, because I always lied about how it felt, because having to stare at all my scarring and hate my body from the ED and also try to actually focus on being turned on is just far too difficult for me. 

I used to cut myself growing up. I have trails and trails of tiny little scars littered across my body. I have big giant scars across the tops of my legs and all over my arms, I even have scarring across my throat from 1 suicide attempt. I have scars down my wrists from other suicide attempts. I tried to hang myself, I swallowed about 200 pills once but immediately called 911 because I didn't really want to die. I don't even know why I did it I was just so angry at myself and just so sick of it. 

I don't know, this is such a long incoherent mess of crap of just complaining about all of this. I just want to let it go but I can't stop hurting myself. I'm numb to hurting myself because I've done it so long but the pain comes from the mental anguish of knowing that I'm killing myself doing it and I can't make it stop because it just doesn't hurt enough  anymore physically. I feel guilty that someone will choose to read this and probably gain nothing from it. I've talked about it so much that I don't know why I keep talking about it. I guess because I know it's killing me, I know I need help, but no one can help me and I won't help myself because I am fucking tired of trying like literally, 7 or 8 times this exact cycle over the last 10 years, and I fall right back into it much much worse. It's hopeless, this is my life, forever, endless cycles of self destruction and then something comes along that makes me so amazingly happy and of course I lose that too because how could anyone get so happy over something so trivial and non-existent, like just being able to sit next to a person they like? So what the fuck do I do? Just die? And at this point because of how mean everyone has been on the internet to me I sort of just expect a resounding yes. But all I can do is continue my stupid habits and try to think about what is actually fundamentally wrong with my life, at my core, for an answer I am sort of satisfied with, because I have never had any sense of self direction in life, I always followed my boyfriends in their careers so I never really defined a career of my own, and I make art really well, but I don't want to really be an artist because it's not dependable living, and it's also not intellectually challenging enough for me. I'm always killing myself over not being perfect and not making the perfect choices, and I never will be perfect and I know this, yet I stupidly punish myself over not being perfect anyway. 

And I just keep doing this, over and over, calling myself the worst of things and hurting myself and never being able to really get up to anything really near 'low self esteem' that I can actually feel like I'm making progress in not hating myself. I have this whole package set of appearing happy just so no one sees how much misery I carry around, I act and act all the time like I'm doing fan fucking tastic even when I'm alone in my room, just to try to convince myself to just try to be happy, to smile, to dance. And nothing will fix it. No person can say enough words to me that will make me stop hating myself, no amount of convincing seems to be capable of doing such a thing, and no set of beliefs seems to work either because I can't believe in things I haven't observed or somehow proven true through some ridiculous looping logic. And I have years of good grades, great art, people say I'm attractive and even when I'm miserable and gloomy are drawn to me, yet it's just not good enough, because of this looping problem of never getting far enough on my own to just say stop and actually stop hurting myself. I don't know what I expect. The world to be perfect? I don't want that, it would be boring. A perfect career? Don't care about that either, just wish I could get started in some direction I'm sort of happy with the idea of starting with. The perfect person? They don't exist either. All the knowledge in the world? Nope. That makes conversation too boring. I don't want anything out of life really, but to just feel happy for once and not have it run away because I made yet another fucking stupid mistake in acting weird and listening to people who manipulate me instead of people who actually care about me, because I have such shitty judgement that I magically seem to listen and stick with the people who hurt me purposefully, out of a desire of learning why they are hurting me, what makes them do such a thing, so I can help them stop doing it to other people. I just assume it's because they've got some kind of warped perspective on life that makes me so hard to be around, but eventually it gets too hurtful that I give up and I probably leave them worse off in the process, and I wonder sometimes if they are thinking exactly the same thing. I just forgive everyone, it doesn't matter what they do to me. It's not really out of a desire of validation as it is sort of just being really happy that someone changed behavior that could have hurt many more people. And I know that my behavior is hurtful to people who have to watch me do it, so I just hide it, but I also know it's like this long drawn out suicide that when I'm dead is going to just be a stain on people's lives. So I feel bad about something that hasn't even happened. I just feel dead inside. I cry when I write things about thinking about how other people have to deal with me over and over. I cry when I see pain on someone's face when I tell them stuff about me. I know I need to go on anti-depressants and I'm going to do that. I've just been on so many different ones and none of those really helped. 

I mean basically, I am poison. My existence shows people what they do to people when they are careless with the feelings of others, because sure, I am too sensitive. And it's not until I leave those people that they change. And I can't leave myself, so....yea. Totally fucked. I am totally aware that I need to take care of myself before I can take care of others. But I literally can't at this point, left alone I do stupid shit because I'm always dwelling over the last disaster of attempting to socialize and find something like intimacy, but now I've managed to make myself more frightened of that than I have ever been, even after being raped. And I don't know what I actually did, that did that. 