I think my family would be better off without meMy mom dropped the ball on me yesterday that she's going to petition to remove herself as a cosigner of my student loans to allow me to default and save her house &amp; retirement. I got really mad and told her I'm waiting for her to die so I can sell the house. Now i'm getting 0 support and my family wont talk to me because i'm too volatile.

I feel like they're purposefully screwing me over. My family is 2 people - my mother and my uncle. When they die I'm going to be alone. I have no other family and no friends. I work 2 jobs that I enjoy but I spent at least 2 hours a day commuting. My job pays shit. Everyone wants me to get a new job but the thought of getting another job makes me feel even worse. I feel like my entire family is abandoning me and not seeing that I'm scared. I feel like every decision I make is out to hurt my family - staying with my crap job, racking up so much in student loan dept, living on my own. 

I try to explain to them and they just get frustrated. Now nobody wants to talk to me and I've spent the last 2 days crying non stop and wanting to vomit. I have to go to work because we're short staffed and they've been very nice but I have to keep lying down because I start crying.

I just feel hopeless, like there's nobody else there who can just be like, "Its fine, I get it, and everything will be OK". Instead people tell me "Get a new job", "you're ruining your family", "You're too angry to spend time with anymore". The people who tell me it will be OK just forget about me at the end of the day. My boyfriend just distances himself from me because he doesn't know how to deal with me. I'm selfish and stupid and fat and ugly and worthless and I've never been a benefit to society.

I feel like at least if I'm dead I don't have to suffer anymore. And nobody else will have to suffer because of me. My family can be happy that I'm not here to fuck their lives up anymore. And ultimately I won't have to continue being in pain and feeling like a shit. If I off myself before work today at least I don't even have to deal with that.