Suicidal but I wont get helpEveryone's saying I need therapy, or I need to talk to someone. But the thought of anyone knowing about it just

I don't want to tell people.

I can't let them find out.

I want to kill myself, I haven't figured it out yet, but when I do I don't want to be blocked and have people making sure I don't kill myself.

Also if anyone finds out about any small part of my problems, the entire web of lies that make up my "personality" would just crumble. They would know everything. I'm horrible I hate myself.

But it doesn't matter what I think about myself. Nothing matters. There is no point to anything. Everything's fake. Things that aren't fake still don't matter. There's no escape from chaos. All of us are just jumbled up particles reacting with each other and free will is just an illusion. Shit I did it again. Stop it

I want to stop thinking. I want to stop everything. I need it all to stop.

But I don't see any way out other than death.

But I don't want to try because I might mess up. Then everyone would know, and I might be paralyzed or injured. Then I would want it more. But it would be worse because I wouldn't be able to try again.

I can't talk to someone. It would ruin everything. But I don't know how to kill myself. I'm stuck. I just want to stop existing.

I'm trapped in my head. People say these feelings aren't a part of me, but then what is a part of me? I am in my head too. Isn't everything in my head me?

I want to stop thinking.

I can't keep doing this.

Everything looks fine on the outside. I look like I'm focused on programming something while listening to music. Nobody would ever suspect that I want to die. I don't care what they'll think after I finally decide to do it, because I'll be gone and that's what matters. I just need to fake it until I make it. Keep pretending I'm fine.

It's so hard though.

I don't know what to do.

I know what I should do, but I can't.

I only talk to people on this account. I can't let anyone find out about me.

I just want it to stop.

I wish someone would kill me.