Not really suicidal, but I know suicide is the correct answer.I'm 22-years-old, I live with my parents, I've never had a job, I left college after three years because I failed the same class five times and still couldn't figure out a major, I then went to community college and failed all my classes (including that class I failed five times) because my mind kept telling me that I'm a complete failure, and I don't have a car.... okay, that last one's a little silly, but it still bothers me.

I'm almost 23, actually. I have accrued a fair amount of debt from college, so that also sucks. I can't ever see myself getting a job as I'm a lazy fuck-up who can't leave the house -- I mean, I'd love to leave the house, but I don't know. I just end up stuck on the computer all day. There's also not much to go to around here. Sorry, going off-track, I feel like a piece of shit because my parents haven't kicked me out onto the street yet. I'm sure that if I lived on the street, I wouldn't want to kill myself. Sure my life would be shitty, but at least the only person who would be suffering would be myself. 

That's another reason I want to kill myself: I'm sure that me being alive is a constant disappointment to my parents, so at least if I kill myself now, they can get over it. I'm sure that I'd come up in their minds in the future ("First son killed himself, yeah, sad."), but it'd be little blips here or there, where as now it's (like I said) constant disappointment.

With all that said, why shouldn't I kill myself? I mean, I don't want to be dead as life has some cool things, but if my parents have to suffer because I'm alive, well, that makes me feel awful. And I don't want to change either. Like I said, suicide makes the most sense.

EDIT: Also, this is my first time on SuicideWatch and I have to say that I dislike the Reddit bots all smiling. I feel like I'd feel more at ease if they were all depressed. Though, I guess that's more for /r/depression (though there they still have a smiling robot).
EDIT2: Three hours later and still no comments. I guess you guys all know I would never kill myself, even if it is the right thing to do. Heh heh, my writing has that effect sometimes. Oh well, definitely better for y'all to spend your time helpin' others.