I'm so pathetic to think anyone would care about my painI'm such a pathetic loser and can't stop feeling sorry for myself. I should just fucking do it already, I've been suicidal since I was 12 and I'm 30 now, enough is enough. For a long time I've wanted to kill myself but couldn't do that to my parents. Well, my dad died 2 years ago from a 10 year battle with cancer and a part of me died that day too. I miss him so much it fucking hurts, I'd give anything just to see him again. I told myself I'd wait until my mum dies then I'd do it but that could be another 20 years and I'm  wearing thin. It does break my heart to do that to her but I treat her like shit anyway so maybe she'd be better off. She has lots of friends and is pretty close with her family so I think she'd eventually be ok.

I'm just so fucking tired. I'm tried of pretending I'm ok. I'm not. I'm so fucking over this shit. I don't recognize myself anymore. I'm just a shell, a husk of the person I once was. I'm not just grieving the loss of my dad, but also the loss of myself. I can hardly remember what I was like. I used to be outgoing and bubbly and friendly, now I dread having any social interaction whatsoever. I don't even have friends anymore, and looking back, most of them weren't really my friends and were pretty shitty to me, but I was a pathetic desperate loser so I allowed it. My only friend I saw on a regular basis has moved across the country for a job and we hardly talk now so I guess we weren't as close as I thought. I'm so fucking pathetic. I just wish I could have one friend that I could talk to and count on when I needed them, like how I was for all my "friends" but I was just their doormat. I just want someone to make me feel worthy, like I matter to them.

 I've never had that, not until I met my wonderful boyfriend. But I treat him like shit and he resents me for it, which I don't blame him, I hate me too. He only stays with me because he pities me. I don't deserve him, and when he finally can't take my shit anymore, he'll leave me and I'll deserve it. He deserves so much better than I've ever given him. Anything good I have I just ruin. I'm self destructive and my own worst enemy. I try to come up with reasons why I'm like this, but its all my own doing. I am the sole creator of my demise, so I have to be the one to end it. God, I fucking hate myself. 

Well turns out, I do have that option. I had an episode last night and was researching different methods, and it turns out one of my meds is THE most used antidepressants to commit suicide. I have more than twice the leathal dose, so it would be low risk of botching it. For the first time in a long time, I feel a sense of peace.

I bet no one will read this. Pathetic loser.