I hate myself and how i feel and i want it to endI was dating this girl. One day we were kissing in her car which is forbidden in the country we live in. A guy opens the car’s door and he is shouting and saying that we are under arrest. We started to talk to him and begging to let us go. He pushes me and tell her to go in the car and he will drive her to her parents. She tells him she doesn’t want to get in the car with him in the car alone. He says that he will just drive her to the end of the road far away from me. I tell him that i will ride with them until he drops her off. He says no and threatens to arrest us. Shouts and tell me to leave and not ride the car. He keeps threatening me and drives off. I run after the car until I cannot anymore. Kept searching for them until my girlfriend calls me and says to meet her at the end of the road. When i get there running he is still with her. Drops her off and she leaves. Keeps threatening me but i tell him that we won’t do it again. He left i call her and she doesn’t answer. Kept calling until she does and she says “you left me alone”. That moment it crosses my mind what happened. She hangs up. 


She calls two days later and tell me that it wasn’t my fault and I shouldn’t be hard on myself but she can’t be in a relationship right now and that i remind her of that day. She wants to remain friends but she needs time. I told her I understand and i am there for her. She refused to tell me what he did to her but she told me that “it wasn’t the extreme case”. 

Its been 9 days now and I can’t sleep, eat and keep thinking about her and what happened. I really cared for her and I can’t believe i was the reason for that to happen to her. It doesn’t matter that she told me that she doesn’t think i am responsible and she doesn’t hate me at all. I am the reason this happened. If she didn’t know me or haven’t been dating me this won’t have happened. I will remind her of that day and thats how she will remember me. I shouldn’t have left her. She changed my life, i was suicidal and she helped me through it and stood by my side in everything (we were friends before dating) and when we started dating i was the happiest man alive. And all i did was ruin her life. I still want to be with her. I want to wait for her. But she says that this isn’t smart for me to put my life on pause for her. 

now i think that yes i want to be with her but I don’t deserve her. She deserves better. I am just an awful person that deserves to suffer and die.