I just don’t know what to do.This is going to be a long post. I don’t expect you to read it all, I’m just kind of writing to get my thoughts out. Apologies for formatting, I’m on mobile, and also tend to be scatter-brained.

Ever since I was little, I’ve had issues mentally, socially, and physically. I’ll try to tackle issues in chunks if I can.

I am diagnosed with clinical depression, severe anxiety, eosinophilic esophagitis, ehlers-danlos syndrome type III, visual snow, anemia, exercise-induced asthma, lyme disease, and have life threatening allergies to tree nuts and gelatin, as well as being severely allergic to animal saliva and skin, pollen, and some various other foods and nature things. It all causes a great deal of pain for me and I struggle with depersonalization/disassociation as a product of everything that I am constantly dealing with.

From as early on as I can remember, my parents put a lot of (unintentional) pressure on me to achieve higher than the norm. It really just made me feel like nothing was ever good enough for them. This is an issue that has never gone away, it has followed me from preschool to senior year of high school. My mom especially causes issues with it. She is always overly critical, pokes fun at me even when I tell her to stop or when I give other cues that I don’t like it, and made me do things I had no interest in (ex: making me do tons of sports and not letting me quit, having me get a job and an internship, sign up for a volunteer program at my school, so on and so forth). No matter what I do, there’s always more I can be doing. The stress of that in addition to everything else became so much that I just had a complete breakdown at the end of my junior year, and had to do homebound schooling as well as take time off of my jobs. Additionally, my parents never emotionally invest in me. They only ever talk to me about practical things, never how I am. They just send me to the therapist, claim to understand how I’m doing, and call me ungrateful for getting mad at them for never doing a single thing to personally make sure I’m not struggling emotionally.

From preschool - 8th grade, I was bullied immensely. I only had a few friends, and they were wonderful, but it didn’t cure the constant insults, physical attacks, destroying my belongings, and attempting to hurt me by chasing me around with walnuts (which I can die from). Also, my school was a private LCMS (lutheran / christian) school. The education was mediocre and causes me to struggle immensely in math to this day. I was also heavily indoctrinated but I’ll spare the details of that as it is complicated and frustrating to think about all the insane things they taught me. I began going to a public high school and have since become agnostic/atheist.

But even though I’m at a different school now, I hardly have friends, and my social life is practically non-existent. People hardly text me or ask to hang out, or even check up on me. I try when I have the energy, but I always come off as weird or overbearing, and no one treats me the same as they treat their other close friends.

I have become very tired of life over the years. I have been trying to get better since 7th grade, and no medicine or therapy helps my depression and anxiety get better. There is nothing I am passionate about or interested in, and I have no idea what to do for college and a career. Every day and every activity feels long, boring, bland, and ultimately, unrewarding. I see no point in getting out of bed, ever, when all I do is the same thing: school, work, sleep. And being a seventeen year old in America, that’s all I’ll ever do in the future as well, if I want to be able to live with a roof over my head and food on the table. 

And nothing ever feels real. When I do feel good, I can’t fully enjoy it because my brain stops me to remind me of how it feels like I’m watching everything on a movie screen, as if it’s not really happening, or as if it’s not happening in real time. No matter how I feel or what I do, I always feel like a shell of a person at the end of it, as if my life isn’t even my own.

I can’t even take care of myself on my own. I forget my medication without reminders from my mom. I never feel hungry, I just know when to eat because I start feeling sick, but even then I don’t eat enough. Most days I can’t even find the energy to shower or brush my teeth.

The only things keeping me alive the fear of hurting my boyfriend and my family. Life sucks. I hate it.