I need help. My life is picture perfect and I just want it to end.Good morning. I've thought of writing posts on this sub since I was around 15, creating and deleting post time and time again, but here goes nothing. I'm a 21 year old sophomore in college that has everything going for him. I wasn't abused or had any traumatic childhood crap. I've had a couple of long lasting relationships, and a handful of quick ones. I come from a 1% background, have a loving family, and have no problems physically or with my appearance. I'm very blessed. This is probably part of why I feel so guilty for my depression and wanting to kill myself.

For the last third of my life or so I've pretty much constantly suffered from depression. I simply don't have the motivation to live. The only thing that I believe has kept me from killing myself is probably my sister. Every time I imagine the relief of not having to wake up ever again, I picture what it'd be like for her. We are very close. I grew up learning that I need to protect her. And it'd crush her heart if I went through with things.
I often think of the consequences of my potential actions. On one hand, I'll be dead, so I won't give a damn. On the other hand, I picture my loving parents and sibling and what they'd have to deal with. Normally that picture is enough to stay strong, but lately I've just been starting to think "fuck it." I'm not sure what to do. I've gone to therapy for years. Tried ~8 different medications, ranging from anti depressants to anti anxiety to adderall. Nothing really numbs the dull, constant, comfortable ache. I don't have the motivation to go to class. I barely have the will to feed myself. 

Putting up my strong front in front of friends and family is becoming more difficult. I feel hopeful that one day I'll be hit with a car and die on collision. That way my family would take solace in that it wasn't me who pulled the trigger. Anyways. Hopefully I didn't sound like too much of an ingrate. Thanks for reading.