HmmmSo, I was with a girl for 5 years and we had 2 children together. One of them is 2 years old and one of them is 5 months old. She stayed at home and I had a pretty good job and enough money to pay all the bills. I lost that job in November of 2014, and I got a new job that doesnt pay near as much. I had to use a combination of savings and income in order to pay the bills. I was constantly looking for a new job and still am but have never got a call back. We were both stressed all the time and I did not treat her right at all. I treated her like shit tbh. We broke up about 2 months ago. I only see my kids on the weekend, and I'm out of savings and can't keep up with my bills anymore. She has already moved on and has another boyfriend and she has admitted to me that they are already having sex. I do not have friends anymore because after being in a relationship with kids so long you don't always have time for friends. My family lives over 100 miles away and I only see them every 2 months or so. I spend every night alone in my bed thinking about her and how I could of done things so much differently. I text her all the time, and she texts me back, but its very clear she is not interested in giving me another chance. I have no friends, family, and I hardly see my kids. I have been trying to use social media to meet new people but it has just driven my confidence into the ground because I send 100s of messages and get no replies. I'm alone, completely alone. Nobody puts me first or considers me their #1, I'm not even in anyone's top 5. The only reason I'm not dead already is because of my kids, but I'm starting to realize they like their grandparents more than they like me. They are still to young for this to hurt them. I cut myself for the first time last night, it felt good, but now I feel like a retard because I'm not a 14 year old girl so I shouldn't be doing stupid shit like that and now I've spent the whole day at this worthless job trying to hide it. I'm actually about to lose this job. So, with no way to support myself, no place to go, no people who love me, I think I'll just leave. I just wanted to say this, honestly I don't think any reply on Reddit would sway my decision one way or another. If I really want to I'll do it. So dont bother replying.