One of my close friends is getting married today..and I want to die.My friend is getting married today, I wasn't invited to the wedding, and I've become even more suicidal over the last month since I last posted. Everyone says that it will get better, with patience and time. It's only gotten worse. My friends and family don't even want to hear me talk about it anymore. 

I tried to plan and have a huge self-wedding, but everyone talked me out of it, and I just felt even worse when no one supported me. 

I'm chronically single, and have never experienced anyone loving me the way that I love them. I cannot see myself as being single, and I've tried to see the positive, and embrace what I have....only to end up the next day set off the constant engagements, weddings, baby announcements. I'm in my thirties and I go out on dates only to be told that I'm a great person....but not for them romantically.
I've literally prayed for someone to want me the way that I want them since I was seven. I'm in therapy, and have been for years. I am on medication. But, over the last five years I've become more and more despondent about trying to meet someone and marry. I want to have children and take care of my family....and I tried to become a foster parent, to adopt and even conceive on my own. Nothing resulted other than many tears.
My friends and family have heard me talk on and on about how much this bothers me....and tell me to be patient and let G-d handle it. I'm done with being patient and waiting for endless time. I've tried online dating, approaching guys in bars, getting involved in my community, even trying to meet others on Reddit under my usual Reddit name. No dice. I can't live my life like this, being single and wanting desperately to have what my friends and family have so easily.
I literally want to die. Seriously end my life and never have to deal with such terrible pain.
TLDR: I'm unhappily single, have been for a quarter of a century and want to die because of it.