Suicidal thoughtsI kind of hate posting here, Ive done it once before and It makes me feel kind of bad. I just hate the thought of strangers worrying about my dumbass. I dont really have anyone I can talk about this kinda stuff with, I would look so crazy saying I'm thinking about killing myself to anyone and it's kind of hard for me to say tbh, so I just hold it in. Last night I considered taking my life for hours, I was up until 7 in the morning walking around my town trying to take my mind off things and calm myself down. I eventually went home and just slept but when I woke up I felt so degraded. I just burst into tears and stayed in bed all day. I couldn't for the life of me get up I just wanted to curl up in a ball and not deal with anything. I feel like tonight's gonna be a long night, my mind just isn't my friend. I'm absolutely exhausted I've been sleeping about 4 hours every night this week sometimes no sleep at all I feel like actual shit. I got so much on my mind and the last few months I have been fuckin beyond stressed out it's sucking the life out of me I feel like I'm losing my mind sometimes. I'm trying to do good for myself and get better, but every day gets harder and harder to cope I can't seem to pull myself out of this and I'm so scared. I started out months ago just having the odd thought about killing myself sometimes but I never considered actually doing it. now it's gotten to the point where I think about it every single day and sometimes I just can't think of any other way out of this. I'm so desperate to stop hurting its just constantly there it's so debilitating and I feel so trapped. I lie awake alot of nights contemplating to myself if I should just do it now quick and get it over with, but I always end up thinking about people I care about and leaving them behind so I tell myself just one more day I can do it. I really don't want to die, but I literally don't know what else to do I'm in agony every day I want it to stop god I'd do anything. I just want my life back, I wanna feel excited to live again:(