have no wordsit is just awful. i cannot do anything. i cant function at all, all i do is talk all day and do nothing. ive attempted 20 times yet it just never worked the more i tried. ive never blacked out. i am mentally ill and i dont have a solid grasp on just what is fucked with me. yknow, it does seem ironic that i posted here if i dont even want to "recover." its forever a lost subject thats disgusted me so much. im not condemning recovery at all, but i myself just cannot find myself to do anything worthwhile. i am hell. all i do is hurt people. i get friendly, i get close, and then i explode. and it ends. theres no one here but myself, i know that.

i have spent years in isolation in some aspects that i truly dont connect to anything nor anyone anymore. my feelings of huge sympathy, empathy, "love", happiness, they really disgust me. im so, so sick of myself i couldnt explain it all even if i had all the time in the world. i do not deserve anything, i punish myself. ive punished myself by keeping everything far far away from me and it fucking hurts but i deserve it all. i know i do. i cant change.

it wouldnt matter at all what the few who love me would feel. ive done this dance so many times, they know it and i know theyre sick of it despite them saying otherwise. i dont care about them not wanting me to go, i just care about myself. im hurting so much! all the distance was worth it to push me past reasoning, whatever is left of it. see? im an awful person. its resound and stays in me permanently etched into my mind.

i always hear of people getting better, and wanting to get better. i feel so left out, it just doesnt apply to me at all. i get the message that you need to want to recover in order to get better, and its true in most cases in life, but what about me? i dont want to break my promise to myself. im nothing more than this. im done. this is what i am, and i am -

listen, im going to get helium. im going to die. even if not by tomorrow, next month, or next year, i will die. i always will be here. there was no real point to this post but to vent, im sorry. i know its useless when im already this far gone.