I suck at lifeMy parents died young. My dad abused me so I became fucked in the head. My childhood was terrible because I was always isolated in my room. My dad left me a 250k euros inheritance. I wasted all that money on studying abroad, rent, weed, cigarettes, food delivery and other bullshit. Like it was just too fucked up for a person like me. Being 18 and just having a bunch of money without knowing how to manage it. Over the past month I've also wasted like 4000 euros on gambling because I first made a nice 1000 euro profit with betting on football matches, then I lost that by doing blackjack 😭 I chased my losses and lost 3000 on top of it. It gave myself a wake up call to really get my act together.

Right now I have about 40.000 euros left after 10 years of living way beyond my means. I'm currently much more mature. I quit smoking weed and cigarettes two years ago. I eat extremely healthy. I work out 6 times per week. I'm trying to save money. However, I'm just so fucking depressed man... I hate that I took risks with my health. I'm fucking terrified I quit too late because I would just chainsmoke all day. Like 5 joints and 15 cigarettes per day and only eat garbage. I lost so much fucking money. I graduated with a shitty degree. My plan right now is to move to abroad to teach English. I also write as a freelancer for some online magazines. Next month I'll use myself as a test subject for some medicine. That's a nice extra 4000 euros too. I'm going to work, work, work. Around April next year I'll move to Asia and then I can really save a lot of money combined with my freelance work. Maybe like 1000 euros per month and because I'll be living in a poorer country and I'll be staying there, that money is much more valuable. For 30.000 euros I can buy an apartment so within a few years I won't have to worry about rent anymore.

Often I just think to myself, why even bother though... I'm most likely going to get cancer anyway after smoking so fucking much. What's the point. I ruined my life...

MY LIFE IS A COMPLETE MESS AND I HATE IT SO MUCH THAT I USED TO SMOKE! THAT'S THE WORST PART ABOUT IT! All the other problems can be solved, but I also fucked up my health and that makes it even worse... For context: I'm 28 now. It's really hard to judge how fucked I am. It's so bad that I smoked spliffs. They're much worse for you compared to cigarettes because it's unfiltered smoke. I'd constantly smoke. I was the heaviest smoker I know. And I also only ate garbage and was very skinny. I'm so scared guys... And I'm so mentally broken 💔