I'm a teen, haven't experienced life... but I'm fucking through.It's so fucking unfair. Why the fuck are some people so lucky and some aren't? Why was I born into bumfuck nowhere and without a sliver of money?

Why do we get notices monthly about late bill payments? Why don't my parents have jobs?

Why are WE so fucking poor? Why not possibly you, who likely has an iPhone and pay 200 a month for your Internet without second thought?

I really fucking don't care. Why should I? I have nothing to look forward to. I have no life. I am embarrassed, but now, I don't think I am. What the fuck purpose does it serve? What the fuck is my point? I'll never get into college. I'll never make it in life. I'll be poor forever, an overwhelming statistical disadvantage proves it.

I'm so. FUCKING THROUGH. I want to ram a fucking blade through my skull right now, the only thing stopping is me thinking about how my family will react. If it were up to me, I'd end it. Easy. Quick. Get it over with. Don't trudge through life, just fucking toss it out the window and never remember it even existed.

I should just leave existence. I'm so fucking sick of this unfair life and this fucking idiotic existence I inhabit.

What makes me most angry is how most of you guys are so fucking well-off, lucky enough to be born into wealthy families (by my standards, over minimum wage is wealthy), likely wore new clothes, grew up without a hitch, never got bullied because of clothing, had/have an iPhone or any phone, it's no fucking fair. Why you? Why can't I be happy? Why can't we switch places?

You know what? I don't want any of answers to my bullshit questions. It's not fair at all. Fuck it. Fuck this life. I'm sick of crying myself to sleep and in the shower. I'm fucking sick of being afraid of dating because I'm on fucking food stamps and don't want them to see my horrible fucking life.

Fuck all of this shit. There's no point. Instead of working my fucking ass of for no benefit, to no advantage, and going day-to-day worrying about why it's so fucking unfair and crying all day, I should just fucking end it all now.

And I'll never even remember my existence. Easy and quick. Instead of pain, nothing. Nothingness. Sounds good to me. Why not? Why shouldn't I? Hmm?