Help meI am currently living in Australia so I don't know how senior high school systems works for the rest of the world but I actually just want to kill myself right now.

I have always been an excellent student ever since I started school. Always one of the top people in class, and always getting top marks in every assessment. It was the same when I started off pretty good in Year 11, my exam marks being part of the top 20 people, that is, when I just started falling apart completely.

I started to lock myself away from people and avoid school due to the stress, pressure and my unhealthy living conditions with my parents. I've been avoiding it for years, but everything just started to get heavy that I feel like I can't take anything anymore. That's why I looked for help and after about a month of counseling. I was diagnosed with depression and possibly anxiety as well.

I had 3 panic attacks in total, one ending up in the hospital. I was even more scared after that and my semester 2 grades started depleting really quickly.

Here in Western Australia, when you fail the second semester, it means you've failed the whole year. I failed just by a couple of percentages since the acceptable percentage is 50. All my teachers said in my reports that I would've done better if I completed all my work, but I couldn't since it is really hard to focus. All of them kept saying that they know it wasn't my best that shows in my report card, and my report does not reflect my abilities. I had a meeting with the vice principal and she said I have to repeat.

I don't want to repeat. It's so embarrassing since people will recognise me especially those ones who look up to me from my old school. I'd rather kill myself that repeat, and I mean it. Maybe I'm overreacting, but I will never repeat and I really just want to be able to go on to year 12.

Please help me. I have a meeting with the Department of Education in my district and I have a feeling that they'd force me back to school. School started last week, and I haven't shown up because they signed me up for Year 11 courses.

Help me, I'm so desperate. I don't want to repeat. Could I somehow just redo my second semester and not the whole year? Help me, please 