Does the feeling of wanting to end it ever go away ?I don't wanna say I'm depressed or that I wanna kill myself but the thought of ending my life makes me happy and hopeful that all of the shit thats bothering me will go away. I'm tired of learning, keeping an appearance and "listening" to others. Every time a new problem arises all i think to myself is "I wanna kill myself", and not that saying in a sarcastic tone but in a real tone where I'm actually so tired of doing everything. I've been going to the gym for the past 3 months and wourkouts feel great but the moment I step out of the shower and get a clear head i start feeling down because I'm left alone with my real thoughts. Video games started to bore me, I see no carrer/school path i want to pursue,  human relationships became to tiring to maintain or even create. I've noticed I started smiling impulsively just to fit the social norms. Even around people I'm comfortable with I started to just smile to let them know I'm hearing them out but i have a sudden realisation in my head that I seriously don't give a shit. I've also have a really high standard I set for myself in everything I do and once one bad thing happens I just give up and feel sad for not accomplishing anything. This semester i passed 5 out of my 6 classes but I still feel like shit because I have to retake one class. In my mind if it's not perfect its not good at all. My video game skill deteriorated to the point that i'm average at most games and i feel like shit because I dont have fun anymore becase i know i'm not one of the better players. I have a lot of self doubt and idk how to fix it. I tried "PMA" and letting the little things go but that lasts for a day and i go to my old self. I'm tired of being so hard on myself and wanting to solve all of my problems through ending my life. Does this feeling ever go away, maybe with more life experience ? Idk. If you have any, please give me some tips on deling with self criticism and sucidal idealisation. 