Could anyone give me advice?I've had psychological problems for as long as I can remember and I've reached out for help so many times, but no matter what I do, nothing changes. The first few times I asked for help I told my parent I was depressed. This was when I was barely a teenager, and she just did the normal parent thing of saying, "What do you have to be depressed about?" 

Then, a few years later I started self-harming and not attending school. My school made me see a psychologist (for low attendance) but they said I was fine. My Mother told them about my self harming, which I'm sure they already knew about if and this psychologist said it's just trendy and that her son does it because he's a Goth. Those words makes me cringe to this day. My Mother took me to my GP anyway and they refused me to refer me to any mental health service and gave me a leaflet for a mental health service of which I was not within the age range. I later dropped out of school.

I started drinking to deal with it, then having strange symptoms (derealisation/depersonalisation). I was having panic attacks multiple times everyday and completely socially isolates myself for a few years. I felt terrible all the time and was deeply disturbed by my thoughts.

When things got a little better I decided to go back to school as I had no qualifications and went on to study a course which could get me into University studying a science related degree. I found the work stupidly easy and went through with good grades. By the time I was on my last year my mental health was deteriorating quickly, I could no longer concentrate or function at school or in any other area of my life. I went to my GP and they asked me some irrelevant questions about my Father, none about my symptoms apart from weight loss/gain and sleep. Then refused to give me SSRI's. 

I went home and some time later, my memory is a blur, I tried to kill myself. I've now had two serious attempts at taking my life and I'm positive there's no way for me to get help, but if I don't get help soon I know I'm going to try again. And I know it will likely work this time. I've tried to get help so many times, I can't even leave my house anymore. I don't know what to do. Nobody is taking me seriously and I have no idea what's wrong with me. How can I get help? I've even tried reaching out to people working in the NHS. Nothing comes of it. I have people who depend on me and I don't want to put my potential to waste but I'm running out of time and I've tried everything I can. I don't even have the emotional energy anymore. 

I'm not scared of dying and the idea is quite appealing to me regardless of my mental state, so if it happens it happens. I have multiple mental health problems as well as sensory processing problems relating to a neurodevelopment disorder I have and just existing is torture to me. Even when my mental health is okay. I want the suffering to end. I'm so, so tired. I just need to know that I tried for the people I care about and my own philosophical reasons. And I would do anything in my power to turn this situation around. If anyone can offer any advice to me then please leave a comment. Anything you have to say will be helpful to me.

