It's either everything at once or nothing at all. (20F)This is going to be quite long, I’m sorry. 
I don't know if this is all going to make sense, but I just need to let this out now while I can. I'll try to be as coherent as possible, but I apologise if nothing makes sense at all. 

As the title suggests, I either feel everything at once or nothing at all. I don't know how to describe what I mean by "everything" but basically everything feels so intense and it's like experiencing every emotion all at once. And then suddenly everything shifts from colourful to nothing. I feel so numb and everything seems to be so static. This drop from one pole to another is so frustrating and tiring. 

I've always been sad growing up. I only know my dad through pictures as he passed away in a car accident when I was young. It was my fault though. I was with him in the car. If i wasn't the ill child I am, or if I simply wasn't born, he'd still be here in this world. I always think about how I never got the chance to tell my dad that I loved him and to go out with him. Everyday I think about my life if he was around. His death affected my family so intensely. 

My relationship with my mum used to be quite good until she remarried. I was really happy that she was going to have a partner to be with and for the fact that I still somehow get to experience what it’s like to have a father. Her husband was really nice to use and he treated us like his own. Until they had their own child, that is. I completely understand that naturally, he would love his child more than us because obviously, we aren’t related to him. I was starting to feel like family isn’t just about blood. But unfortunately, it is to her husband. All their attention were starting to shift to our step brother. Don’t get me wrong, I love my step brother and I am still close to him right now. I’d understand if you think I’m just a selfish bitch here, but my own mother forgot about us. She treated us like servants. 
She wasn’t too hard on my brother, but she used to scream at me for being a “lazy, selfish retard” when I was ill. I suffer from cystic fibrosis and some other stuff related to it so being ill was a given already. lol. I literally thought she was going to kill me at one point when she was so furious at me she started hitting my head against the wall. I still remember evert bit of that event and I still have dreams about my mum coming after me to kill me. 
Despite her anger towards me though, she’d still pay for my medical bills so I’m thankful for that. But what was worst is that my brother was showing serious symptoms of brain tumour but she didn’t do anything about. We only found out about it when he had a stroke at my uncle’s place. If it happened at my mum’s, he probably didn’t even get the chance to fight. Turns our his cancer had metastasised to his lung when we found out. He passed away eight months after his diagnosis. It really shattered me when he died. He was such a talented 18 year old who had so much to expect in the future. After his death, my uncle and his wife offered to take me in and ever since, I’ve been living with them. 

Looking back at time, I feel like I was coping quite well with my emotions until my boyfriend died 3 years ago. I met him a few after my brother’s death at hospital. He too had cancer and I really didn’t want to lose anyone anymore but we started seeing each other even when we weren’t in hospital. He was there for me whenever I needed him. He'd make sure if I've taken my medication and he always reminded my to eat and drink. I know this kind of sounds like TFIOS but my relationship with him was basically like that film. 
I was really afraid to enter a relationship as I have borderline personality disorder and I’m bipolar as well. You can imagine how hard it is to be with a person like that. But he didn’t leave when I told him about it and stayed with me despite the awful things I’ve said to him. He was just beyond amazing. 

Although I’ve had thoughts of suicide before my brother passed away, it’s become more intense especially after my boyfriend passed away. I tried a few times and I got really close but it just left me in a coma for a few days. It just made everything worse especially after my second attempt, my psychiatrist only gives me medication for a week, my aunt checks on me every fucking hour just to check if I haven’t cut myself and if I’m still alive. Everything is so controlled around me. I feel so trapped in my mind and in my surroundings. I want to live, but I don’t want to live. I want to feel better, but these thoughts are now my comfort zone. All of these dilemmas are too hard for me to weigh. I can neither choose to live or die as my life is meant to be shorter than everyone else. I can’t deal with the physical torment and mental torment I go through everyday. My body is never at peace and so is my mind. I can’t even get a lung transplant even if I wanted to since I have a few mental illnesses and because I’ve attempted suicide a couple of times. A part of me wants another chance to live, but I’m not “reliable” enough. Sometimes, I feel like my mind is so peaceful and even feel like I want to live, but then it’s just another bipolar cycle. I become depressed as hell right after and just makes me want to kill myself, but just too depressed to even do something about it. It's been really hard lately and my aunt makes a big deal out of everything like staring at a knife before dinner. 
Tons of people have lectured me about how it’s so wrong to commit suicide and that I should learn how to find worth in my life. But I don’t get it. I’m just running towards death everyday and at twenty, I’ve lived the average life expectancy of CF patients. Everyday that passes, a part of my body is deteriorating. Why should someone who’s capable of ending their life from be expected to carry on in an extremely suffering capacity, slowing getting worse, hoping their life to be taken away, live? I’ve seen others who battle CF pass away. It’s pure torture. Why on earth is suicide a “crime” in our “modern” society?

I know this is all just a long word vomit, but I don’t care if no one reads it. Thank you so much though if you did. I just wanted to write it out and feel like someone’s listening. 