A really tired and depressed guy.I don't even have the energy to switch to a throwaway. Looked at my schools fee bill. Another 10,000$ for next semester, due in 4 days. I have nowhere near 10,000, the only reason I was able to pay the first semester was because my dad died in my sophomore year, and I saved up the social security benefits. I'm looking at all of the things for financial aid, and just too difficult. I mean, I'm reletively intelligent. I have a rough 3.0-3.5 average. Trying to get any aid is incredibly difficult, partially because my mom is little help and I don't understand any of this. Everything feels like it takes too much effort. I'm a relatively fit guy, but I don't have the mental energy/fortitude to remain living. I'll probably have to drop out. Since middleschool I felt like I was an old man, ready to die. I had a mini midlife crisis, in middle school, because I felt like a piece of worthless shit because I did nothing but to school and play video games and the like. I felt like i should have a full time job, doing some, any good in the world. Not exactly rational, but i don't think these kind of things are. Honestly, I don't even want to die really. I wish I was never born. That way, if I were to die I couldn't cause anyone any problems. I just wish, one day "poof" the thing/soul/person/whatever is the guy in this body, would just... leave. Disappear, never have been thought of or made. I'm just so tired, of everything. I'm just sitting here listening to Blue October and thinking about suicide. Wishing I could even cry, then I would have some release, some form of emotion. I haven't been able to cry for years, even if I feel like I want to. I don't even know if this is sadness, I just feel empty and tired. Yes, there is a free student health center on campus but I can't even look at it. I can't force myself to go. I can't even tell a friend so they could make me. I physically am not able to form the words when I try to tell them. I've prayed. Oh, I've prayed very many times for God, the Devil, the universe, the Force, the flying spaghetti monster, anything I could think of to take me from here. Kill me, make me not exist, I've bartered and pleaded. They haven't replied. I'm scared. I'm terrified. Theres this buzzing in my ears, and it looks/feels like everything in my vision is falling, that I'm sinking farther and farther into depression. It's pulsing, like a dark wave in a line around my sight. I'm 100% sober. When I'm not typing this, I'm staring at my hands holding my phone, trying to make an effort to do anything. Then I give up and just let it take its course, until I somehow start typing again. I guess this is some form of a cry for help, if it's in any way coherent or comprehensive. I can't tell. I've been like this before. It comes and goes. I guess I'm too lazy, or dumb, or just not strong enough for this world.