I have no idea what I'm doing, and feel like my life is doomed to either suicide or mediocrityI'm 27 years-old, male, and living with my dad. I got a GED when I was 17, and no college. My work-history consists of working as a mechanic on semi-trucks -- a job that normally requires 2 years of training and a certificate, but I did without because it was my grandfather's business -- and a few months as a Barista, earlier this year.

I'm in Florida now, and I've been planning to move up to Virginia for a few months now, moving in with my friend and his wife. Only... I went to visit him last month, to help with their wedding, and something about the area I just didn't like. It's a surprisingly small town, now far from D.C., but I just got a really creepy vibe from the area. And, I mean, Georgia and Florida feel like *home* to me.

Well, I'm supposed to be moving next week. My dad's fiancee's daughter is already planning to move into my room in just a few weeks.

Even in the absolute best-case scenario, that I *SOMEHOW* found a full-time job in the next couple of days, I don't know how I would get by. Everything here is expensive, and I would be struggling just to "get by". And it took be over a year just to find the 16-hours-a-week job as a Barista.

This past week, I've just been paralyzed with fear. I've basically just stopped thinking about everything, because I feel like I'm on the verge of a total mental breakdown.

Hell, even my friend in Virginia... I don't know what to feel. Part of me is scared of disappointing him; I'm the type of guy who has a reputation for "backing-out of things last-minute", and offering me a place to stay, rent-free for at least a couple of months, is a huge gesture. At the same time, though, when I went to help with his wedding, I felt really shafted; I felt almost like I was there as "free labor", and even though I showed up days in advance to help put everything together for the big day, I was stuck sleeping on a couch, so that other guests that showed up just before the wedding could have rooms all to themselves. It probably sounds stupid -- and maybe it is -- but I really felt kind unimportant.

And then, I've spent most of this morning crying, because on Facebook, there's this kid that my sister used to babysit; I would always come by, because she was a full-time nanny for a while, and I felt like I knew the kids pretty well. I watched him grow, from infancy, to probably about 4 years old. He wouldn't remember me. Anyways, he's 8 now, and he's at St. Jude's like 6 days out of the week for cancer treatments. He has a rare brain-tumor, something rarely seen in kids his age, usually toddlers. Just seeing him now, he's so skinny and has lost all of his hair, I just want to do *something*. And then I feel bad, because I guess I'm not *that* close to him, that maybe I don't have a right to be crying. Maybe I'm just a shitty person, looking for an excuse to cry. But this has been going on for months now, pretty much every since we found out about the tumor. I know this isn't related to my own personal problems, but it's just something that's been weighing on me.

I honestly don't know what to do. I feel like I'm angry all the time now; resentful that my parents didn't do more to prepare me, or my sister, for the real world, and also that my mom moved to England when she was the only one who actually *pushed* us. I fight a lot with my dad, but he's always been there as a "safety-net" for us, and I respect him for that. He's just never been one to "make plans, get things done", even with his own life, and if my mom hadn't just totally abandoned us, I *know* that I would have a college degree by now, and probably be living on my own.

Part of me just wants to go into my closet, grab my revolver, and just be *free* of all of this stress. If this is what "life" is supposed to feel like -- constantly worrying about "where am I going to be living next month", and never feeling like I have have a home, that I'm going to spent the rest of my years "just getting by" -- then I really don't see the point in going on. I have not *enjoyed* being alive in years. At best, I amuse myself for a few hours, with a movie or a video-game, but if I try to hold an actual conversation, or try to read a book, all my anxieties come flooding back, and it feels almost like choking on my own throat.

I'm 27, and I feel like the past ten years of my life has been a waste. No, worse than a waste; I'm older now, I've put on weight, and I've still never been in a relationship. That part was "uncommon" at 17, but I literally have to lie to everyone I know now. I learned that I had to, when I was probably 21 or so, because it marks you as "weird". Shit, maybe I *am* weird. I just don't fucking know anymore.

At this point, I don't even care if you have to lie. Somebody, please, just *tell* me that life gets easier. This isn't "depression" talking anymore, this is the completely logical, unbiased part of me. If the rest of my life is going to consist of "just getting by", then I'm *not* going to keep going. I have to believe my life isn't going to be a constant game of Jenga, that all of my plans are constantly going to fail.

And if you have advice, about how to find a job, or what to go to school for or how to pay for it, whatever, I would appreciate that, too. Because at least if I feel like I have something to work toward, I'll be okay. Right now, I don't have anything on the horizon; just "move to Virginia, burn through what little savings I have left, and then kill myself when nothing works out for me".