:,)hello i’ve been struggling with depression and suicidal ideation since i was in fifth grade (im 16) and no one ever took it seriously until this year, when my mom finally took me to a psychiatrist and put me on meds. my psychiatrist has already increased my dosages for lexapro to 20mg, and also added wellbutrin and buspirone. i dropped out of school my second year because i physically could not handle seeing people or doing anything anymore. but i decided to go back to school this year because i was feeling a little better after seeing a therapist. two weeks into school, i’ve missed over half the days and suicidal thoughts are seeping in again. i found interest in an art career, i have a pretty good family (my parents were both physically and emotionally abusive since i was very young but got much better), a loving boyfriend, and a few trustworthy friends. yet i still feel hopeless and find no reason to go on.

i’ve been told so many times by people that i have so much more to look forward too, that i’m too young, that it’ll break my loved ones’ hearts. but none of it matters to me. although i act kind and care about people around me, i know all of my internal thoughts. i know that inside, i’m completely toxic and awful and think the worst thoughts.

i feel so bad for my friends and family because of how many times i’ve broken down, cried, told them i was going to die, etc. i feel like i’ve told them i’d kill myself so many times that no one takes it seriously anymore. and even if they do, i can sense them getting tired of me.

i was diagnosed with severe depression and anxiety, i’ve never had an official diagnosis for an eatinf disorder but i’ve been forcing myself to throw up and feeling guilty for eating since middle school. my mother also has depression, and i feel like shit because i know i’ve made it worse for her. my father is very distant and emotionally unavailable due to his experiences with abuse. both of them have told me to die, they’ve tried to kill me, thrown glass and ceramic at me, thrown me out of a car, and so on. my mom constantly threatens to kill herself whenever we fight. they only got better about a half a year ago, but they still go back to old habits from time to time.

my boyfriend is extremely caring and sweet and protective. some of the things he does is questionable, though. i’ve asked for advice from my friends, because i sometimes can’t tell whether he’s being toxic or not. he makes me unbelievably happy at times, but i also cry and break down and want to kill myself because of fights with him.

i don’t want my mom or my boyfriend to suffer from my death. i don’t want friends to be left with trauma. i don’t want to leave my lovely pets. but for some reason all of my pain and hurt overweighs all of them. am i a shitty person? or is this how a lot of people feel? am i being a stupid angsty teenager or is there a legitimate problem? i’ve always wished someone took me seriously and admitted me to a hospital or something. i recently quit smoking and i feel worse than ever. i’ve tried to kill myself and i’ve cut several times, but i always pussied out at the end. i take way too many painkillers and i dissociate constantly.

i’m just vomiting up my thoughts after coming across this subreddit. i apologize for the never-ending post i hope none of you had to read throught this