I really need to talk about thisHi everyone, I'm Mohammed, 19, and I feel as if I am utterly close to breaking point. I've flirted with a knife and even though I have seen a psych and made a safety plan, I am completely unwilling to call a helpline or talk to a friend, so this community hearing me out feels like something of a last resort to me.

My father was born in Iraq and lived through the gulf war, got exiled to Iran, lived in complete poverty for a while, but he somehow made it, travelled through 4 different countries before he ended up in NZ where I was born. Throughout my life, I have been afforded many opportunities that he had no access to and he's provided entirely for me and I have done nothing appreciable in return as of yet. 

I'm 19, I'm still academically mediocre, I've never had a job, never sought out hobbies or skill development, never took care of my fitness or my posture and never settled into routine in any sense of the word.

Right now, I'm in a deep bout of self-hatred and negative introspection and I've never felt so badly that I want to die before. I really want to die. I have a friend with whom I'm somewhat opened up to, but despite all the support she's given me, I still can't seem to find my way going forward.

I can't sleep at all, but then I also don't want to see a doctor about it, which in hindsight sounds terribly irrational. My daily routine feels reprehensible at the end of the day and it feels like I'll never be able to make use of the resources my father has provided for me nor ever make him proud.

I don't have control of my emotions anymore, I don't do what's best for me even though I know so well that it's indisputably a step forward. I can't live with myself anymore. My father still works 5 days a week as a GP but is on call 24/7 and effectively has no free time whatsoever. He's a kind, caring and encouraging father figure and yet I can't manage to make progress on any of my goals at all.

I really want to die, I can't live seeing my own potential waste away anymore, I'm so sorry dad, I wish I had done better for you and me, I'm so sorry dad, I'm sorry