How to help my best friend with her depression/suicidal thoughts?My roommate is my best friend of almost 10 years and we have lived together for about a year now. We have both always struggled with depression, but she struggled with suicidal thoughts a lot more than I did and she has been to multiple therapists and has been on medication since she was a teenager. She hasn’t seen a therapist in over 2 years so she’s been on the same low dose Zoloft prescription since then. She was also admitted to the hospital on suicide watch when were in high school. 
She has always been very adamant about the fact that she is going to kill herself at some point in her life and how she doesn’t care if she dies. When we talk about anything related to death (car accidents, coronavirus, murder, etc.) she will bring up how she doesn’t care at all if she dies and she welcomes it. 
Today she had about 8 shots and we got into an argument about it because she was saying some concerning things about drinking, about how she could drink the whole bottle and she would be fine (it was a 1.75 liter bottle) and doesn’t care at all if it damaged her organs, cus she’s gonna die at some point anyways. And when I proved to her on the internet that it would kill her she just shrugged and said “it’s ok, if I drink it all it’s because I want to die” and then I started to get upset and she said “don’t worry I would never kill myself if you were going to still be alive and be sad about it, but if you died or something then I would probably go for it”. 
She says that she has just “always felt like this” and no matter what I say in return, she refuses to say anything other than “I know my brain 100% and I know that it won’t ever change”. I told her she needs to go back to therapy and even offered to pay for it but she said that she’s been to years of therapy and already knows exactly what they’ll say so there’s no point. I told her it’s not normal to feel that way for your whole life. We argued about it for a while and she just says the same thing over and over and over again. “I know my brain completely and I know it will never change”. Over and over; it’s her only argument. I don’t know what to do. 
She had an incident a few months ago where she got really really close to attempting suicide and she didn’t tell me until the next morning, and yet she claims now that if she was at a point where she was thinking about it then of course she would tell me. But she didn’t before, so I don’t know what to think. 
Thanks in advance, I don’t really know what to do.