I need to talk to someone.My life is falling apart at the seams and over the past week I've been thinking more and more seriously of just walking away from it all and ending it.  I know that's the wrong answer, but I'm falling into a depression and I have no one at all to talk to about it.

My wife of over a decade wanted a separation and then I found out (illicitly) that she cheated on me earlier this year and that she's been with at least six other guys since she said she wanted out.  I know two of them, and one of them was the "friend" that I'd been talking to about the upcoming divorce and all that I'm going through.

So, that's it. I don't have anyone else to talk to.  I'm slipping every day further and further into this and the only thing that brings me out is looking at my young son and knowing he needs _me_, not some dick-of-the-week that cheating whore will bring into his life.  But then I go to work, or he goes to bed, and I start to slide further into a depression.

I lost my big salary job in December and the contracts I'm picking up are barely paying the bills. My wife is fucking around indiscriminately. My closest friend was one of them. The rest don't understand or make it about them somehow and won't listen or help. Debt collectors are closing in. I want to cry, but I can't; it won't come out.

I don't know what to do, but I know I have to live for my son. I just can't see out of this.  She's out every night, overnight, and I know what she's doing.  I'm not attractive enough to find anyone, and certainly not while still married (how the hell is she doing it? Man-sluts?) and with a kid and no stable job.  I've gone from a happy family man to forever alone in a few months. She still talks down to me and lies to me about what she's doing like I'm an idiot without the resources to find out. No one respects me anymore.

Since I'm not supposed to know about her and my friend, I had to spend time with him working on a contract today and pretend to be a friend. That's killing me, but I have no recourse. I have to work, and he's helping.  Playing both sides, as it were.

Please help me.  I can't do this much longer.

Edit: More than this, I made the decision to accept my fears shortly after the separation and let go of my religion. Now I understand that before I was born, I was not. When I die, I will not be.  It terrifies me.  I don't know what I am anymore. Why am I thinking? Why am I here? Why are we doing _this_ and what is the _this_ we're doing? What's the point of it all and why am I fighting through all of this if in the end I just ... end? Why _not_ just get it over with? What's the point of carrying on and trudging through this shithole of life when it just ends and it's all meaningless?