Been doing nothing/sleeping all day for 2.5 months now. I am a useless burden and I need to be dead.Hi. 

I am a 25 (soon 26) year old female. Diagnosed with depression and anxiety. I am taking meds, doing both individual and group therapy yet I am a useless brick. Totally unproductive. I graduated university and worked a summer job until August of this year. Since then, I have been lounging in my house. 2.5 months and counting of doing absolutely nothing productive at all. I am lucky enough that my brother gave me the chance to live in his house and pay rent whenever I can. I owe him over $1200 now. I paid money to write a test for grad school (over $700) + the applications ($1000), and yet I have not studied at all for the test. It is in exactly two weeks. If I don't do well, I can't get into any grad program. I am a loser. I spend all my time doing one of the following: (1) Sleeping (2) Eating (3) Swiping on Tinder, (4) Internet or internet trolling or (5) Masturbating and watching porn. I am a failure, disgusting, a loser, a total waste of human life. I wish I was not even born. If I could kill myself I would do it right this minute. I am done with my life. I also have an expensive gym membership and of course I never go to the gym. All I do is lie to my therapist and tell him that I am exercising and studying when in fact I did not see the gym in over a month and I have not even studied one word. I tried all the solutions. NOTHING and I repeated NOTHING seems to work. Therapy? 4 years of therapy. Group therapy? 2 months of group therapy. Meds? 5 diff medications and currently on the highest dose and not working. Psychiatrist? gave me the same meds my doctor gave me. Needless to say. They were useless. Change of diet? Exercising? I do not even have one drop of energy to carry out those simple tasks. Please do not comment and tell me to find a job. I already have a part-time one and I can barely make ends meet. I barely do the work they assigned me, I am surprised they still have me as an employee and I did not get fired yet. They have been waiting on a task they told me to do in the summer. It is Nov now and I have done nothing. I have no money, nothing at all. I wish I had some money so I can go on a vacation and distress after 4 years of going hard (Without stopping even during summers) in university. I always had a part-time job as well along with uni. Not that impressive though. My gpa is shit. I am shit. I am in a shit ton of student debt. 30K of misery that will stay with me for at least 10 years.