Hi, can anyone help me? Bit of a dark issue.Hmm... I thought I'd finally try something like this. For the past six months, I've been trying to provide support on this sub and /r/depression. I know to expect little responses if any. Really looking foward to that auto spam I've heard so many great things about. 

Anyway, here I am. Struggled with severe depression for a little bit about four months ago, had mild to moderate for the last eight years, no friends, unsupportive but at least providing family, and late highschool. Nothing too exceptional from the rest if you've been here long enough. 

Well, mostly. Let's first speak about school, since that's practically the majority of my life, right? Always had a strange personality, I think. Haven't had a group of associates, nothing like that, for the past five or so years? I actually liked my solitude (or at least pretended to), would just do homework, then continue to be quiet in class. I could talk a lot more about the dreadfulness of the lunches, the cold sweats you'd get in every public crowd, but who comes here to listen to sob stories? Honestly I can talk so much more about so many things in such great detail, but I'm guess I'm too used to describing personally issues in brevity. I'll expand if anyone's interested in any aspect, I've got a lot of stories. Especially during the severe depression bout, oh what hellish months those were.

But on to home. In the majority of my past, my parents were acoholics. Drank everyday and night and screamed at eachother and us, making me feel threatened and ready to take a hit always. It never got to physical abuse, I was only slapped once and shoved a couple times. For those two there might be a push down the stairs or a couple cuts and small bruises. Nothing terrible. All emotional. Worst thing about it was that they'd either completely forget the next morning or worse, blame me for getting on their badside while they were drunk, as if they were completely sober the entire time and every action they took had absolute logic behind it. That really hurt and confused me when I was small. Luckily these days, it's down to maybe once a month. A huge and extremely acceptable improvement, not that I ever wanted to leave.

Siblings, well, we were never close. I'd describe my whole relationship with my family as professional, as in, they provide simple necessities, and I obey and do well in school. Simple, and working. No qualms about that.

It's not that I'm lonely. I may have been lonely once, but after half a decade, you just accept it and forget what things were like. 

Ah, but why am I here? Well I've been trying to hang myself for several months. I practice until my vision goes black, but that's just the problem. It terrifies me, that darkness. Gets my heart pumping and body shivering. I used to have the conviction to go through with the act during the period at which I was suffering the most (and keep in mind, as I'm being brief, I may have glanced over more serious emotions) but at this momentary peaceful time, at which I'm trying to prevent future suffering, I lack the bravery. I know with certainty I will suffer to the point where this is all painless again, and it will be easy as it was not too long ago (during which I practiced for suicide with pleasing results but took a bet with myself that forced me to live for a couple more months). Huh, those couple of months I promised myself are coming up, too. Look at me, trying to break my own promise.

I really tried to not suffer. I never sought happiness, just mild peace. Just not suffering. I would continuously and still do put myself in extremely uncomfortable positions to try and save myself. 

I really tried to die productively. I tried working myself to death first, sleeping an hour every night with plenty of anxiety coldsweat and trembling. I tried help out around these subreddits, tried to prevent people from ever getting to this point (I started helping during the fall of my severe depression). I must not be helping as I seemingly made two people, out of the hundreds of people I've typed several paragraphs each for, feel worse- what the fuck am I saying, ugh. These self-depreciating thoughts plague my every action and I blame myself for every possible discomfort I might provide someone.

The worst thing about all of this is that no one cares. No one cares at all. All those I speak to, most don't even have nothing and are nothing to most others. You try to open up to others and they don't care at all. My remaining fluffy companion (dog), really the only thing left I personally love... I think he will be just fine now. He'll get fat, no doubt, that little goomba. He'll live happily, though. I made sure of that. 


Want to know how I measured my depression? I cry at least once every week. Usually most days I cry. Always at night and silently. Silent screaming. It's not cathartic. I never feel any better. I always am silent to not disturb. I don't think anyone's ever heard me. I usually have dark fantasies (fantasy=narrative constructed in imagination) that end up doing it. Trying to prepare myself for the next death of family, for the next snowball into hell, for my suicide options if I ever become hospitalized or expensive. And things can always get worse. Things can fall far, far below the most torturous imaginable postitions.

 Fuck, I even had to change my personality to adopt pessimism to survive. I used to be extremely resilient when I was younger. My ideology used to be: "It doesn't matter if there's no reason, no reason is enough of a reason to keep fighting." Haha, I am so proud of my previous will to survive you have no idea! So very proud of all I endured. At the height of my severe depression, I was so selfless, too. Constantly thinking of every offense I may give someone, constantly screaming at myself for every slip, for continuing to waste resources. Now, I'm somewhat dead inside. Death is pending, and I'm trying to speed it up.

As for religion and afterlife, I have something of a nihilistic perspective. I would trade everything I've ever accomplished, everything I've ever made, everything just for it all to stop and to be forgotten. I imagine I will just stop feeling anything at all. If I'm wrong, well shit, my quest for obliteration will have to continue in a strange new place. 

Well, that about covers most things. When you think about this sort of thing every second and in every activity, you always want to say more, but as I know, if these things get too big, no one will spend their time to read it.

Sorry, I really meant to have kept it more brief. I guess a few memories popped up.

I don't think I can be helped. I don't think there's really any opportunity to "get out." I started typing this from a noose, hoping I'd eventually remember something to help overcome that terrifying darkness, but not I'm an idiot, in a bed, spreading my burdens and begging for someone to care. It's not going to happen. Hasn't for 8 years. Hope leads to devastation. I can't let myself suffer like that anymore. I wouldn't wish that kind of suffering on any sadist. No one at all deserves to feel like that.

Okay, that's enough. I...need to get ready for school tomorrow. I'll be silent with my stoic face as always. I need to get ready to see my family tomorrow. I'll speak of nothing and try to obey. I need to be ready for next night, to try again for an end.