Not really sureI guess I'm having suicidal ideation. I'm just overwhelmed. A therapist has suggested anxiety medication. I'm not interested in relying on drugs. I understand that its replacing potential chemicals that are not being produced. I'm just not willing to try it. 

I have a pornography addiction that I've been attempting to get away from with little success. Even recognizing the adverse effects I continue to participate. This last relapse, I made the decision to get back into porn because I was feeling a certain way, anyway, probably vulnerable and I saw a woman figure in a effing video game that was desirable so i went home and it's been off to the races ever since. I've been on r/NoFap and I've felt grateful for the people I've spoke to from that sub. It feels like following that sub is a bit of a trigger and there a lot of "motivational" posts that just dont feel right to me. 

I truly believe I have let this addiction change who I am. Even my preferences have changed. I find trans women attractive now. I know that its widely accepted, but I feel there was a time when I knew i could turn away but it felt good in a fucked up sort of way, so I stayed. The pleasure is different than what I've ever recieved from cisgender girl porn. So this makes me feel perverted and maybe insane, knowing something doesnt align with my beliefs but participating anyway and more rapid than ever before. 

My dream has always been to marry a girl and have children. Maybe now it's a little less in that I just want to marry a girl. I feel like I've seen what love and marriage is but I've never experienced it, and I think I want to. As I'm writing this, I'm thinking that there are things I'm just not willing to give up, yet. One obviously being porn. I cant love a girl and look at porn especially trans porn and expect to have a good relationship or sex life. 

So the ideation comes in when I'm deep in addiction and not seeing a way out. When my therapist has encouraged, encouraged, encouraged me to reach out to other people in recovery(drugs/alcohol). I clam up and I'm not seeing a way out. I need a sponsor for drugs and alcohol but I've got what I feel like is a more serious addiction. I'm clean 3 months. I talked to a guy tonight and it was nice. I just dont see the hope I saw before. 

There was a girl that i shouldn't have talked to but i did and now I feel love for her. I cant talk to her now. Shes remaining faithful in her relationship. Which is good. I knew going into recovery from drugs and alcohol that I did it for me regardless of her coming along. Theres been gleams of hope here and there where I thought she may come back but there has also been times where I've really felt happy with me. It seems like a paradox I'm happy with me, I need no one. I hate me, I need someone. She cant fix my porn addiction or any addiction.

I think I know the answers:
Stop looking to the future.
What's right here and now.

What do I have control over? 

Nothing. I cant control that I love her. I'm trying to control the fact that I'm getting better for myself  and not her but shes still there. I still have hope for a future with her. A guy on here says,"you should stop." No shit I should I just dont fucking know how. She may not even be that great anymore, or maybe she never was.  What I'm doing today, is praying for her (and his) happiness and success in their relationship. Trying to remove resentments I've made with her S/O. Loving them both. And the answer is letting them go. Moving on. Grieving, I guess. It's likely that our love is past due, and maybe, all it ever was was a dream. 

But I'm struggling to see there ever being another like her. Maybe trying to accept that being alone is what I need and not finding reasons to off myself because of those circumstances. But that dream I had as a boy sticks with me. Love