I'm trapped in a life I hate, having failed everything I've ever attempted and with no chance of achieving my dreams. What's the point?I guess I should provide background for how I ended up in a life I no longer want. 

My mother is crippled. She had a massive stroke years ago and lives on disability benefits (UK). 

I'm 19 and had a huge bout of depression in 2015-16 which resulted in my grades dropping from As and Bs to mostly Cs. I ended up resitting my final year of school. At the end of that school year (last summer) I got grades BBC. My first choice university wanted BBB. I was devastated. I ended up going through clearing and getting a spot at a university I'd never heard of, which actually ended up being a great campus and uni, just in a really awful area with nothing to do, and I failed hugely at making friends and was lonely all the time. This combined with dwindling passion for my course resulted in deciding to come back home and reg a part time job for a year or so and then reapply to university when I'd decided what I definitely wanted to do. Big mistake. I dropped out in mid December, and was home for 3 weeks before my mother got a letter to say her benefits were being cut. Shed lose her house. My childhood home. This supposed the pressure on me hugely to start working so I could cover the difference, and I ended up getting pushed into a full time office job. 

It's utterly soul destroying. I hate ever second of it. I have no day or life because it's so draining that my life has become just sleep and work. It kills me inside. I only wanted to work casually so I could find a new direction and go where I really want to go in life. I've always dreamed of teaching or moving to America or Canada. But my a levels mean I could only realistically teach politics or Religious Studies/Philosophy, which aren't hugely demanded areas. And I don't have the first idea of how to move to another country. And even further i can't even part-time study to broaden my options at a university level because this job takes all my time. Everything I've ever wanted seems like it's evaporated. I have no future. Just grey, mind killing monotony. 

And I'm trapped. If I even decided to go to uni againy mother would lose her home. And then I'd have nowhere to come home to over summers/christmas etc. And she could end up god knows where when my life is in the town she currently lives in. There's no extra support for disabled people, so she's relying entirely on me working this fucking awful job. 

I hate everything about my life. All my friends either have solid plans or are studying to go where they want to go. I've spent my life failing at everything and having every plan fall through constantly and have been left in this inescapable quagmire.The office I'm in looks our over a railway. I dream every minute of just walking onto it and ending this nightmare. I have no future, no hope and no solutions. 

I'm not sure what I expect to get out of this. I just felt like putting it all in words. I'm so fucked. I just want out of it all. I just want to wipe away the last 5 years and not make so many mistakes and not fail so much. I'm a complete failed waste and I can't take it. 

I apologise for any mistakes. I'm currently in that post-cry hyperventilating state and typing on my phone. 