I'm feeling really sad and I can't stop it.I know this is long, I'm sorry in advance.

Every night, when I lie down to go to sleep, I think about a night with my mom when I was really little (Probably 5 or 6) where something mildly inconvenient happened to me and I said I was gonna kill myself (I obviously wasn't serious, just cranky and annoyed). She slapped me really hard and told me never to say that again for any reason and sent me to bed.

I'm 30 now and I think about suicide every single day. I want to tell her, but the trauma from that moment is burned into my brain and I choke up. I'm not sure she'd care. It seems natural for your mom to care, but mine is pretty disconnected from me and kind of one of those "depression is just sadness that you need to get over, therapy won't help" types. Also, very anti-meds. My dad is.. ..No. He absolutely doesn't care. My friends care a ton, but it doesn't help. It doesn't feel like anything I do helps.

I play Minecraft a lot. Thousands of hours building by myself, not talking to anyone. Stardew Valley, Animal Crossing, Rune Factory. Any game I can mentally escape into for at least a few hours, I'll get and I'll put hundreds of hours into it. The second I stop, I start crying because I feel like I'm breaking down every minute and I don't know what to do. I feel like my heart is a glass ball and every day, the crack gets a liiiiittle longer. I know that if I go to therapy or get anti-depressants, my mom will be on my back about it and make getting better 100x worse than bottling it up, even though I know it's not healthy. I can't handle more criticism or yelling about even more I'm doing wrong, if that makes sense. I wanted to wait until I move out, I'm working on that right now, but it's so hard and it feels like I can't really take it.. All of my friends are online, so the second I leave my laptop to do anything, I feel soul-crushing loneliness. And yeah, I tried making friends IRL. It doesn't work for me, I don't like people being around me, it feels like people are staring and I just.. it makes me really uncomfortable. This is a lot better for me. It helps.

I used to cut myself on my legs, but my mom noticed and complained about me being clumsy (She just assumed I fell) and I knew that eventually, she'd figure it out and it would cause me more arguments and problems, so I just stopped.

The ONLY thing keeping me from doing it at this point is that I promised my friends I wouldn't and the last thing I need is for their last memory of me to be that of a liar, I guess.. But I think about it every single day and I don't know what to do. I cry every night and when people aren't around. I like to sing for myself and people assume that if I'm singing and laughing and having a good time, I'm happy. I'm not happy. I haven't been happy in like.. 10 years or so, maybe? I'm exhausted all the time just from being alive. I wake up every morning sort of.. disappointed? Annoyed..? I don't know the word, it's just not.. a good feeling. I don't really have any dreams anymore, I keep expecting to die before the year is up and no one wants to hear that. I'm a downer and I know I am. I don't know what I should do..

I'm sorry if this is too long. I started rambling and I figured I might as well get it all out at once while I could, I guess. Thanks in advance for any advice or support, anything is good. &lt;3