I just don't think I should existIt's late and I'm tired and alone with my thoughts and I felt like I needed to get this out because god knows there's no one else I can burden with it.

I'm pretty certain I will kill myself before I turn 30. I have weeks where it seems more effort than its worth to get out of bed every couple of months, and I've tried to kill myself two or three times in the past couple of years. I just don't see myself having any sort of future.

I'm weak, I'm lazy, I have no motivation nor will to push through a lack of it, no talent, no drive, and no accomplishments. My work in college thus far has been a joke and I can't get even a temporary job. Lord knows I'm going to hit the working world like a sack of bricks when I get out of college. And I don't see any of this changing. I know it needs to change. I keep telling myself, "this'll be the week that you start to get better." But it never is. I just relapse into my laziness. Not even apathy, not depression. I'm just a lazy slob who has had everything in his life handed to him and doesn't know how to claim something himself.

Even the way I waste my time is a joke. I'm on this website constantly. When I'm not, I'm playing video games, or watching anime, or, if I'm feeling really adventurous, reading. That's it. I'm a boring shallow person with boring shallow interests and nothing about me distinguishes me from a million other sad self-pitying dweebs. Not to mention I'm a gigantic jackass as well.

I can't talk to my friends about it because they put up with my shit enough already and they work hard enough, the last thing they need is to be responsible for the mental health of a sad little dependent. Besides, I can never tell if people actually like me or if they just pity me and it would be too much trouble to get rid of me. I'm not clever or interesting, and I don't have any real interests or accomplishments so I don't know why anyone would actually want to be around me. I can't talk to my family because I don't need to hear empty platitudes. 

I don't want to die. But I don't really want to live either, and one of these things is easier than the other. And I know what I do when confronted with a choice between an easy thing and a hard thing.

Whatever. Just a self-pity post anyways.