My dad just told me to go kill myself for a hundredth timeAnd I really need to let it out of me. 
Being the middle child (and a girl) it was always difficult for me to be the “important” child, not while my older sister excelled in every subject and baby brother was, well “baby boy”. I was the middle child that wasn’t especially bright at math like my sister, but instead favored art, literature, languages, so nothing to be actually proud of in 90’s (at least where I come from). I thought that being daring and rebellious would intrigue my dad and perhaps connect us? Make me one of the boys? I even had my hair cut in a bowl and everything. Nothing ever worked and as puberty rolled in and the wishful thinking of my fathers approval started to fade I began to despise him too. I should have mentioned that from the beginning, but my household was and still is toxic and abusive. I still remember being beaten with a belt or a computer cable, or the leash that our dog took for walks, not the pull out one, the leather with metal pieces. I remember not going to school for weeks at times because the wounds got too severe one night and they got worried over school noticing. I remember him ripping my hair out, kicks and punches. I still hear my mothers screams sometimes, mostly when I look in empty corners, which is where she used to hide. Both my parents are alcoholics since my early childhood. The male parent is a raging one, mom just stopped caring. She’d let him get his anger out on us, as she didn’t want to be the nurse that should actually be in hospital herself. After isolating myself for a year and him choking me out of frustration that I borrowed a book from his bookshelf I realized I’ll die before I’ll get to grow up. I ran away from that place when I was 17, right after my hospitalization from a 3rd serious suicide attempt. I booked a plane and ran. They called the police, but they couldn’t get me back since I was already in another country (it took them 2 days to find out that I was actually gone) and although homeless I was free. I guess I must have at that point completely cut all that was left of my father’s love as I have never felt anything remotely neutral from him. He’d often times tell me how he wished that I was dead, that I wasn’t found and taken to hospital, that I wasn’t saved. And don’t get me wrong, he isn’t actually a tyrant with a stone heart, oh no, the brother, the older AND a newer younger sister are his sunshine’s and rainbows. I am the middle child. Today it felt as if he’d lost it, or perhaps I did, in his eyes lost my own humanity and became  nothing to him. No words have ever burned as much as these. I’ve been hated before, but this was a new type of poison, it sinked in my skin and burns from within. It’s been almost 3 hours and my ears are still full of “I will be happy when you finally kill your self” and that’s how I know that no words have ever felt more true than his. Mind you, we see each other once a year, for the youngest children (mine and his) to spend some time together and remember that we are actually blood related. My mom just stood to the side, she must have remembered something  similar escaping her mouth at one point and I guess she would rather not intervene, good for her. I had a word vomit and although I’m still full, i really have nothing else to say.