Help, I can't take it anymoreI (13F) hate my life. My mum is always mean to me. I have depression, anxiety and panic disorder and some days I can't get out of bed for hours. Then my mum just says that it is my fault and I am just making myself feel worse and now I am making an active choice not to come out my room and it is now my fault if I make myself feel worse. I have been suicidal for years and she just rolls her eyes whenever I tell her. I have a therapist and it really helps but I can't keep going. My dad and my aunt are the only things that cheer me up. My aunt is amazing and my dad is good so long as I don't say anything about my mum or my spoilt sister (11F). I just want to end me. It's all I can think about. I have a few amazing friends but one of them isn't social and one is very very high risk and can't have vaccines due to the medication she is on and her auto immune disiese so I wont be able to see her for minimum a year, also her dad has moved out because he is a key worker and I don't want to add more stress to her. No one knows about my depression apart from my parents and therapist. I am bullied at school. Sometimes my mum won't leave me alone and leave my room so I slide my book shelf under my door handle so she can't get in. My parents are now threatening to take off my door if I keep doing this. My sisters best friend was always horrible to me. She once dislocated my knee, told me if I was her sister she would wish I was dead, told me I should kill myself ect.. Then my sis wonders why I don't think she loves me. Because she doesn't care about the fact that her friend said all of that! I want to live with my aunt but I can't :( nothing that used to matter to me matters any more. I constantly tell people suicide is not the answer but it is all I can think about. I feel worthless, ugly and stupid. I also feel so selfish. There are people fighting for their lives and dying and here I am wishing I were dead. I just want to be gone. I don't eat, sleep or care anymore an shave spent the yesterday and today off school because I am too depressed to work. Please help me