My friends endI don't know what to do anymore. I had wanted to commit suicide about a year ago. Then, like a week before my planned end, my friend killed himself by jumping under a train. At the time i got the information that he wanted to kill himself, I just stared at my phone and did nothing. NOTHING. while my friends where searching for him, I was lying in the bed.I thought it was his choice,to do what he wants. I may have saved him, if I had gone to search for him. But I did not. It hit me when I was at his funeral, and met his mother. She was crying. My friends kept telling me that he was selfish, becouse he left us like that. But a few weeks ago,the same friends tried to commit suicide themselves. On the same weekend. One of them cut his wrist and the other one tried to blow his head off with a gun. Fortunetly,they both survived. I felt betrayed.And as if that wasn't enough, now they're trying to kill each other. They got into an argument, and one of them pulled out a gun. I managaed to stop him before it was too late,but they're still going after each others head. And do I care? NO! WHY DO I NOT CARE?! WHY DO I ALWAYS START TO CARE WHEN ITS TOO LATE? I feel like any time my emotions reach a certain point, some safe mechanism goes off and I loose all my emotions, as if I was a paychopath. I dont know whether its something my mind made up when I was a kid and my mother almost stabbed my dad to death, when my sister sexually abused me, or when I started to question my sexuality. As if I didn't have enough problems, I'm transsexual, in an eastern european country,thats really against this kind of stuff. I think I might be fucking schizofrenic, yet I'm too afraid to tell my parents or friend about these things. Why? Becouse I know they'd disown me. They'd throw me out of my house, and my friends wouldn't act the same way towards me. I know them. I know them TOO well. I just turned 18 this year. I'm thinking of ending this all. Why do I have to go through all this shit? I guess my ranting has gone for long enough. I just wanted to let it out. I thought it might help me get through this.And I'm sorry if its a bit chaotic, english is not my native language.