This night ends in waysI have posted here before and as I close in on a milestone I previously mentioned, I have come to speak again. 


If you're anything like me, you might not sleep much, or maybe you sleep much more than you need, but who counts hours that are endlessly long and painful. Nothing feels right, nothing is beautiful and everything is like knives in your belly and anger in your throat. 

So, let's stay up together, tonight. The day after tomorrow, is going to be three years since my last suicide attempt. In a few days, it will be several months since I truly felt a desire to end my own life and go where it is dark and quiet and soft and where nothing feels like razors. 


You are a beautiful being, whoever you are. You are talented and gifted with the abilities many will never possess and that are inherently yours. I know the feeling of avoiding mirrors, of self-harming, of feeling like it was an effort to drag myself to school or out of bed. I know what it is to not eat or want to shower in lighted rooms. I have tasted sorrow. 



You're a good person. You're worth the life you have been given. So, stay up tonight and watch the dawn, as it crests the horizon. Watch how the colors move over the sky, open a window even and breathe in the early morning air. Beatific things like that are our bribes, they are the currency in trade for our pain. You will wake in the morning one day, hopefully soon and if you look with clear eyes, there will be beautiful things everywhere. You deserve love and happiness. There is more than what you giving yourself and what others give you. 


Life is not promised as easy, or gentle. You are not told that things will always go your way or be fair. However, you should be promised, should know that it is worth it. That we can wake in the morning and bask in the glow of the sun, or the stillness of rain some mornings. Feel blessed with having the sight to read these words, the other senses you are gifted with which to feel. Recognize that if you did not feel pain, you would not feel joy either. Find your balance if you can, but do not go places that you can't be led back from. Too many people love you, too many people will miss you. 


This night will end in ways and in the morning, things won't be as scary or unclear. I wish this for you. I pray for this for you. There will be something better out there and given time you will find it. It's about three years now and I'm going to dance for it. 


This night will end in ways, and it will be ok, because you are. You're going to be ok, one day, hopefully one day soon. 