Worried about my sisterHi, this might be long but I‘d really appreciate people reading it.

Some context about my family; my dad...is not a nice person. He’s verbally and emotionally abusive and has been physically abusive multiple times. I can’t even explain how horrible he can be to the point where, whenever he argues with one of his kids, he continuously says he wishes they were dead. Normally, this is my sister because she tends to argue with him the most, but at the same time, they’re super close and they always make up and are back to talking and laughing like normal. However, my sister had mental health issues including being bipolar and my dad just dismisses it calling her ‚crazy’. My sister has self harmed before (I’m not sure if she still does or has recently) and a couple of times she has mentioned being sick of this life (normally this is when she argues with my dad and he begins verbally abusing her, wishing she was dead). Even when she’s blurted this out during an argument he will say „good, do it.“ It makes me so so angry and upset like..you’re supposed to be her dad what is wrong with you? Anyway, she said this one time but my dad actually got worried and tried asking her about it saying I want to go to the doctor with you, etc but she got very angry and defensive saying she doesn’t actually want to kill herself or have those thoughts. I guess that is pretty much the situation I’m in; shes never attempted suicide thank god and I when I told her once not to kill herself (I know now that isn’t the best way to approach it) she was like „I won’t don’t worry.“ It‘s basically just a repetitive cycle of her arguing and getting on with our dad but when they argue he is so horrible and cruel with the things he says. She also doesn’t talk to her mum but I‘m trying to get her to try and rebuild their relationship. I don’t live with them because I‘m away for university so all I can really do is text her: I’m trying to ask her about her feelings and tell her to tell me how she’s feeling so I can try and help but I’m just waiting for her response. I want to tell my dad to be kinder and stop saying these things but he won’t change, trust me. He’d use it as a way to justify his behaviour and ignore everything I say. He doesn’t think he does anything wrong. Also, it doesn‘t seem like my sister will be moving out anytime soon so she’s stuck living with him so I’ve been trying to encourage her to start saving up for a flat.

I‘m just really scared and worried. I really don’t know if she actually is suicidal or not and I feel so helpless and lost because the person who is one of the main causes of her pain (dad) I can’t even try to reason with.

Any advice would be appreciated, thank you :)