This is horribleI wouldn't wish this on anyone. This is torture, mentally, day-in and day-out. I feel like I'm 30 feet underwater every day. I ended up cutting out all friends for weeks, because I got the point I assumed I was a terrible person, that my life was over, and that I had to end it. Over the last two months I got back in touch, but the damage was done I feel. I don't even know what I'm typing. I have no hope. I'm so lost. I hate this. Long story short: I had a paranoid schizophrenic, alcoholic Dad who died of cancer when I was 6 or 7. 

My parents separated when I was like 4. I remember watching quietly from the top of the staircase in my grandparent's home, hearing him beg my Grandpa, saying "I don't want to die." Well, he did. I grew up in poverty. Had horribly messed up teeth (I mean, seriously) that I couldn't get fixed until I was 25 but by then I felt like and asshole for fixing them, and for people for giving a shit they were messed up. No money or assistance at all for college. Arbitrary heavy anxiety and depression causing me to fail out twice, despite professors telling me how "smart" I was. It doesn't matter how intelligent you are if your brain has been melted by past trauma, apparently. 

After refusing to do substances of any kind well into adulthood, I fell into drugs and drinking. Patched me up quite nicely for a while, but obviously, as the cliche always goes, it made me worse in the long run. I've been essentially sober the last year or so, but my brain is just too messed up from all of it. I went off the anti-depressant I was on (Effexor - apparently the hardest to get off of) over the last year, and I'm sure that's part of it, but I've also read that long term anti-depressant use can just lead to "tardive dysphoria" or a treatment resistant depression for life. What's the point? 

I'm not saying my own choices don't have something to do with where I am, but I also think terrible childhood, plus crushing poverty, plus inhereted mental illness/addiction (my Dad's giant catholic family had a lot of it), might also have something to do with that. Statistically, most people that grow up in poverty stay there and I see why.

Not that it matters! This is just an arrangement of characters on the internet and it's admist this huge fucking sea of misery - thousands upon thousands of posts, and each of us - all of us have lived these lives and it is such an epic undertaking to live a life, to experience all of this. To have it reach this point - to be so keenly aware, 24/7, of how miserable you feel: that's torture. I can't even put words to it: to be alive, but want to die, but wish you could see a way to live, because you're still alive. It's torture.