I want to get off OCD's wild ridenot in a high risk of suicide tbh, so if you don't feel like going through a text wall I'd advise against reading, but as the title suggests, I'm fairly certain I have OCD and it's getting quite unbearable lately. My case seems to be more heavily focused on the Obsessive part, harming myself and others, commiting crimes, all that. whatever it is you thought it's likely I had/have those thoughts looping in my head sometimes, usually for many hours a day. On the Compulsive part my case is the "must check I locked the door just one more time" kind of thing, then I check it again and again and so on. What bothers me the most is the Obsessive part tho, I remember having these kind of intrusive thoughts even when I was a child, and seeing how I've basically wasted the first half of 2018 doing nothing instead of studying to try and get into college like I was supposed to (mostly due to the thoughts not letting me focus many times), it's been getting harder to deal with the suicidal thoughts (which I also had as a child, remember occasionally heading to the kitchen to grab a big knife and just hold it pointing to my stomach for a while). Next you're gonna say "you need to understand that these thoughts are just that: thoughts" yes I know this is not 1984, that does not help or make them any less disturbing (well, not for me at least). If you had an invisible talking bee that only you could hear fly around you telling you to stab your mother or push that dude so he falls in the subway tracks, realizing that it's just the invisible talking bee does not help, so please don't just write this kind of stuff. The suicidal ones often refer to how I would not pass the entrance exams even if I was studying, which is true for certain exams, and how I'd just be a disappointment for the whole family: the youngest cousing that never had major fights with their parents/did not even drink alcohol/never had issues at school/never showed any signs of mental issues, was just draining the parents' money and never accomplished the original goal. I've talked to a close friend about this, and while they did not really say anything I had not read already, it was nice to see I was not seen as a complete bastard for these thoughts (took me a long time to tell anyone anything at all about the thoughts because of the thoughts, guess that makes it some OCD-ception kind of thing? I dunno), they even offered advice about which professional to see if I decided to see one, talking about how the one they and their mother go to helped a lot. Thing is it took me a month to message a friend saying I was not ok, so you can imagine that me actually asking my parents for help is not gonna happen anytime soon, and while I'm pretty damn sure something is wrong with me, there's always those "what if you're just pretending though?" thoughts, and even thought I know for sure my parents would be supportive, I get the "what if they hate you for this shit though?" ones. Even if I did see a professional, I read about the treatment and I'm not taking the medication due to personal stuff -don't say that it helps or try to change my mind if you will, I'll just ignore that- and I'm not much of a fan of the therapy methods I read about. Apparently there is not a cure anyway, so I'd need to keep doing those forever if I did try and get help, and I don't see how that's any better honestly. I guess I just want to know if you have any experience with this and have advice other than getting help from a medical professional.