I feel like Little Bill (William H Macy) in Boogie Nights.  Warning:  wall of textI don't know if this is the right place for this.  I don't exactly feel like I'm about to kill myself, but I need someone to talk to.  I *do* feel like I want to die.  As in, I hope that something happens to me.  

A little background: I met the love of my life when I was a teenager.  That was about 16 years ago.  We had an off-again, on-again relationship, she ended up moving away, I thought I’d never find another quite like her.  It was more than just infatuation, I would always compare every woman I’d date to her and they’d come up short.  I never broke contact with her and we’d have a fling now and then when she’d come to town, and the feelings never really went away completely. I just couldn’t settle... and I couldn’t be happy.  My mind was always in a fucked up place.  Until about 8 years ago when decided to make it official and I moved across a few states and we got married, moved in together, etc.  

Everything seemed perfect, and things were great.  We have a decent retirement account accumulating.  We fantasize about going on trips and maybe just picking everything up and moving somewhere else for the fun of it.  Just months ago we would hold hands while walking down the street.  We’ve always taken the long view of things.  We refinanced our house this fall.  I thought my life was pretty much set on “cruise” and that I knew how things would turn out.  

And then recently she was diagnosed with a degenerative disease/disorder (I don’t want to divulge too much).  As she puts it, it “flipped a switch”, mentally, and now she feels like she has limited time, and is very pessimistic about how her health will be in the future.  She’s convinced she’ll be in a wheelchair in 10-15 years.  Almost overnight, she has become very depressed and has started to loathe the idea of coming home to me, to our house, etc. She feels like she needs to go out and “have fun” as she puts it.  It started with hints of an open marriage.  I was resistant to the idea but I said I’d give it some thought.  Then I found out she’d been flirting with a guy at work, and so I read her email and saw they’d been emailing back and forth for a few weeks and I could see where it was going.  I took that like a shovel to the head.

She said she thought I had lost interest in her because of the medical thing, and that she was confused about everything.  I told her that this wasn’t the case and I said we could explore doing things that would cheer her up but she had to do two things:  Determine if she loves me and wants to make it work, and be honest with me.  She agreed.  Well a few weeks later I find that she had made a secret email account and they’d still been carrying on, and after grilling her when she came home she admits that she kissed him.  

I felt like everything was crumbling around me.  For the past few weeks I’ve had trouble even getting out of bed and I’ve started drinking hard liquor.  That discussion almost had her leaving the house but I convinced her to stay (the hotel would have cost us money - we have joint finances and money is tight).  We talked some more and now I’ve reached a point where I basically gave her my blessing to have her fun with this guy, as long as it’s just fun and she loves me.  She said she won’t know until she does it but that she basically has to.  I feel like if I try to fight it it’s going to happen anyway.  I’ve basically resigned myself to accepting that I have to just suck it up if I want to get through this and return to the happy times I remember.  I think she’s going to get this out of her system and then settle back down.  But I feel almost like I’m being raped; allowing this to happen and just holding my feelings in so I don’t alienate her.

Here’s why this is posted here.  The thought of losing her makes me want to crawl under a bridge with a bottle of whiskey on a 0 degree night and just freeze to death.  Literally.  Or maybe suck-start a pistol.  I don’t know.  I did the math and if I have to pay this mortgage myself I’m fucked.  I’ll be living off pocket change for the next 20 years.  It also means I won’t be able to leave the job I hate, there’s simply no way I’ll make the money I’m making now.  I would have been able to start over career-wise by leaning on her (as she did a few years ago) but on my own with these bills, it’s impossible.  I also will never have a connection with another person like I have with her.  

In short, I don’t want to live if this happens.  Which is why I’m putting myself through this, trying to accommodate her.  I view her situation like a drug addict or alcoholic.  I’m hoping that she’ll get better and we can go back to how things were.  

But for now I feel like I’m being violated.  Not so much by the potential (or actual) affair, but because she lied to me about it.  And now, I have trouble with the fact that I’m letting her do this.  It just feels like I’m violating myself, and the thought that this experiment might fail; that she’ll carry it on and realize that she feels nothing for me, that hurts like hell.  I can’t tell if she actually wants me to work with her on this or if she just feels guilty about how she’s making me feel and is trying to make me feel better by sticking around as long as she can stand to.  I just don’t know.  I just know that I don’t feel right at all and I don’t know how to handle this.  I don’t have anyone else to talk to.  She has always been that person.  For some messed up reason I don't want her to feel guilty about all of this.  I just want her to be happy.