Maybe this time I'll be freeSometimes I wonder if suicide is the only way out. To most, it may not seem like a choice, to me, it's always in my mind, as a choice of action, perhaps the next plausible choice of action.
A list of things I append to the back of my mind, and one of them, suicide.
The thought is always present, always there, so easy to grasp but still so difficult to execute. I've thought of so many ways of rendering it, of fulfilling it, and I have done so - multiple times in the past, now I feel the day will come when I'll succeed. It's coming.  I'll allow anything to end my world now, it matters not to me. If there's a car, I'll take my chances and not evade.

Sometimes as the days pass, I feel like I'm slowly losing my battle, that one of these days, I will eventually lose my fight. I am greatly aware of the large repertoire or myriad of things in life that I can do and accomplish. Oh! how society romanticised life, the human potential and the wastefulness of suicide. I can look at it but I cant see, like a shade had been passed over my eyes.
 I know what others know what I am capable of, but I've always held them up against a juxtaposition of simply giving up. To forfeit. The thought creeping in by the day and becoming more alluring as time passes. 
 ‎
I make more than twice a month than the average of peers my age make, but it doesn't matter when there's no one to appreciate it with.
I can't stand this overbearing weight, the pressure, the burden, the expectations, the immense effort passing of as just as expected, I feel a massive guilt and wrenching twisting pain within my soul at every moment.

I'm certainly not at peace and I feel as if I'm chasing and living a life of not my own. Sometimes with suicide, it's like quitting that game that you no longer want to play, except in life you're  supposed to be like in a sandbox, but yet I feel like a helpless fish stuck in a rampaging river. Oh I could fight against the current, but why? Is anything worth this much pain? What's worth suffering for?

And the unforgiving pain that feels like someone dear to me has passed away the day before, and it stabs and twists the heart everyday. The shaking anxiety, the crushing depression, yet also the beautiful mania. This is the pain I bear, and I'm fighting such an uphill battle, and no longer do I ever have help for it, no counselling, no listening ear, the significant other of my life has abandoned me. 

I've spent years, months at a time like this, a cursed life.
 ‎I am always to play the facade of the strong stable man, till the day I pop just like a balloon, and the mirages fade, then my true self revealed, I had all along been a mere Impostor.