My day today...In about 10 minutes, I have to get up, shower, shave, and brush my teeth because I have to attend a recertification course for school that would otherwise be so difficult to obtain, I’m planning my suicide around it.

Afterwards, I get to go to the emergency room, explain to the unit clerk that according to the doctor I had an online consultation with last night, I am experiencing a mental health crisis, and that I’m there, voluntarily submitting myself, to save myself the cost of an ambulance ride I can’t afford. I know exactly what will happen next, they’ll put me in the “day surgery” room, which is always funny to me because of the number of things in that room that one could use to hurt themselves, but whatever; I’ll get a medical timeout until a doctor decides that a reasonable amount of time has passed and my suicidal thoughts should be gone.

That’s the worst part for me: The waiting. I have suicidal thoughts every single day of my life. Every morning, I wake up and that little voice in the back of me head chirps in, “Good morning! Are we killing ourself today, finally?” I often think during these timeouts about how if I need medical supervision because I’m suicidal, then the hospital should just clear out a small closet for me. I don’t really need that much. Just a blanket, a pillow, and a bucket. They could feed me a sandwich once a day, or every other day really. I have some weight I could afford to lose. Maybe let me out for an hour per day for recreational time? I don’t know, that seems like a lot to ask for, so maybe not. It seems like a fate as good as death.

Or they could just let me fucking die already. I’m pretty sure I met the burden of suffering required to receive medical assistance in dying ages ago. Just write me a script for benzodiazepines - call them a “rescue drug” for anxiety or whatever - and I’ll go get drunk and high in the woods, the freezing weather will get me if the drugs don’t. Done. No more suffering for me, no more burden on society.