My dad might kill himselfSo I'll preface this by saying it's all been a bit much to take in and I am fucked up on gin, whiskey, and vodka at the moment. I am sorry for any typos will I type. Alcohol isn't the best way to handle this I'm sure but I wasn't comfortable telling g someone about this till the alcohol hit me.

My dad has been unhappy in his marriage for a while and it's been pretty obvious. He has outright stated it. For the last year he has hinted at possibly wanting to take his life. Now he just quit his job recently and decided he wanted to move back across the country (to where my family lived until I was about 12). He now got a job there and starts at the end of the month. Just bought a condo there. I came back from college for the summer to visit them for part of the summer till they leave. 

I took my mom out to sushi for dinner. We stopped at the house to see if my dad wanted to come and my dad expressed general discust with his marriage and the condo he had just bought on the other side of the country.  Then he said how if I don't visit him in Michigan (his new condo) for christmas then that might be irrelevant because he might have killed himself by then.  A bit out of order but me and my girlfriend had agreed a while ago and To spend Christmas in settle where we live and my dad a few weeks ago said he wants us to visit Michigan for christmas. Anyways that's what his comment was refrencing.


Soooo at sushiland my dad texted me saying he wanted to divorce my mom. Then my mom (I saw it on her phone) saying he wanted to divorce her. I asked her if she was okay and she said it was nothing new and hes told her that he's said it a million times over the past few years and won't go through with it.

Anyways based on my dad's last violence and abuse when I was a child I am most worried that this will turn into a murder suicide.

 Anyways I brought up my suicide concerned to my brother annd sister and found out that he has mention that he has a specific plan involving the new apartment he bought that he moves I to in like 2 weeks. I won't say the thing about what the specific plan cause vague rule checking said don't be specific. So it seems he has a specific plan that can't be executed for at least two weeks. Which from my understanding is a bad sign.

So more details here :
My brother and sister talked to him and he seems okay for the time being. 

Assuming he is totally serious what the fuck can I even do to help him. Assuming he isn't actually planning anything how the fuck to I respond.

Me and my  dad don't get along well anyways so I doubt I could even help him honestly I only think my brother or sister who get along well with him could even help him. I will not want him to suicide though.

I am rambling and confused and drunk. Reddit help me know what to do about my possibly suicidal Dad. Sorry if I broke a rules