What's the point in trying? [Warning; A Tangent Rant]I know I'm only 18 years of age, but I already feel that I have seen enough to know that I don't want to be here. I have over welcomed my stay. It isn't that life is hard or difficult at the moment, its my usual stress, but nothing major. The concept of life is just downright disappointing. Waking up every morning alone, in my eyes, is another tell tale sign that I have been here too long and I'm getting sick of it. I don't want to wake up. I mean, life can be good, but its so...repetitive at times, also seemingly a worthless endeavor. 

*What's the point in continuing to live when the cons outweigh the pros?* I don't mean my physical life, I have a fantastic life. I'm too spoiled and growing up, I had a lot of support from my family which many people are dying for. Although I never had that close friends, I managed fine on my own. Loneliness is easy to deal with for me, I'm glad I can cope on my own emotionally, since I couldn't make friends in high school due to anxiety (SAD, and GAD). I always daydream because it is an escape when videogames or my computer aren't an option.

Its just mentally exhausting for such a futile existence. Its like going to a theme park. At first, as a child, its fun, and you want to explore more. Everything is fun, and you felt like you could keep doing it forever and never get bored. As you approach being an adult, you eventually begin to grow tired of going on the same roller coasters. Those candies just taste bland now, and you're beginning to see the effects of them on your belly. The clowns no longer make you happy, and when they try to surprise you, you just shrug your shoulders in a "meh" kind of manner, knowing every corner they pop up. You stare at the fence, and wonder what is on the outside. That's me at the moment. I just want to climb over the fence, and out of metaphorical context, it means I'm inching towards suicide. As an elderly man/woman, you know every patch of grass on the field. You've stared at the ground so long, you can count the spikes of grass one by one. 

Now, don't get me wrong Yes, *life in itself is a beautiful, interesting, vast place with a captivating, constituent history.* Human history has always been interesting. But I don't want to bother learning about it. I'm hate the idea of having to go through the motions over and over again. Good, bad, good, bad, good, bad. To "okay, this is decent" to "Ugh, not this shit again". Over and over and over. Would you go through a mine field to pick a flower? That is how I see it.

I'm done with the games. I mean, and to think **I'm** well off. What would happen if I was poor or diseased? It would only get worse, right? I mean, I already hate life, and to think that it could fall a part at any moment, only gives me more reason to go the easy way out. I'd hate to hurt my family or anyone close to me, but I believe every single human has a right to end their life, since its their body, their happiness comes first, always. No one should be forced to live because others couldn't bare to see them go. It is selfish to make someone live in resentment, it is not selfish to choose not to live. If it can't be achieved in this life, they may see a chance to live a better one in a another life, if it exists at all. I'm an Athiest, so I don't believe this.

If I did end up dying, and there was a God or supernatural deity, I'd have these words to say:

"FUCK YOU. I hope you feel ashamed of yourself."