Are people like me not cut out for life?(Warning: Long post, some triggering topics mentioned)

I'm only 15 but I can already tell life hasn't handed me the kindest set of cards. I grew up in a chaotic home, my father has issues with anger and abused my mother, my mother cheated on my dad and they divorced when I was about 9. All of my family has a history of mental illness, with me and my sister getting the worst of it. Both of us have depression, anxiety, adhd, and suicidal thoughts, but I was also diagnosed with ptsd and anorexia. throughout our lives, both of us only had eachother. We were pretty antisocial, so we were one another's closest friend. Ever since she moved out, a part of me has been missing. I no longer have anyone. Sure, she visits as much as she can, but she's so busy with modeling and traveling that I rarely see her. Of course, I still had friends, but no one was as close to me as my sister. Ever since she left, my mental health has plummeted. I was in middle school, the most vulnerable time of my life, and I had no one and nothing to live for. Right after she left, I made my first failed attempt. I downed whatever I could find in my cabinet and hoped I wouldn't wake up. The next morning, I had the worst stomachache of my life but no real damage. I just continued my life as normal. In the last half of junior high, I began to have a better outlook on life. I thought to myself, "Middle school is the worst time of your life. It can't get worse than this! I just have to get through this and everything will be okay!" until I've realized all these years later... nothing will ever change. Ill always be like this, and no medication or therapy is helping me through it. First they tell you it will get better in middle school, then high school, then in your twenties, then when you're a parent until... finally! congratulations, you have become another cog in the system and have only now figured out that you were right to think nothing will change all those years ago. I considered changing my mind on this when I was a freshman and I met one of my closest friends. He was sweet, talented, and one of the first people to treat me with genuine kindness ever since my sister left. Growing up, I never understood the difference between friendship and romance due to never having a stable romantic example in my life. I constantly misread signs and assumed people liked me, which would then lead to me breaking my own heart and permanently parting ways with a piece of me. This happened about three or four times before, and it happened again.. but this one is different. I can't move on, and I can tell I never will. How will I find someone who tolerates me like that again? How can I find someone who doesn't use me to their advantage again? At this point in my life, I made my second failed attempt, but I won't go into details as it's similar to my first attempt and contains several more triggering events.

I feel like i've given away every part of myself, all i've ever wanted is someone who meant it when they said they loved me, but I guess I was wrong. I guess people like me really weren't meant to make the cut. I just feel.. empty, even more empty than when my sister left. I'm so starved for affection, I need someone to tell me they love me... but I guess it's clear at this point that i'm not worthy of it. I can't stand myself anymore. I hate looking at myself and seeing the repulsive human being I am and i've started starving myself again to the point where my ribcage is visible. I can't do this anymore. 

TLDR: young teenager with a heap of mental issues who is struggling to find anyone who can tolerate them (unsurprisingly) wants to die.

My question for you all is.. why not attempt suicide? Why is it such a selfish act to want to die simply because others would be upset? If this is truly what life is like, why try at all? If it's true that nothing happens after you die and that the human race will simply go extinct in due time.. why live? 

I've always given every part of myself to others, and i'm grateful I was given a chance at life but.. Is it truly that horrible to be in such unbearable pain that you'd rather hurt yourself? Is it so bad of me to want to be selfish for once?