I want to die and have wanted to die for a while nowAs the title says,I (f14) genuinely do not wish to continue living.

I live in greece, a country well known for its rich history but notorious for its horribly broken and neglected educational system. Due to that neglect and the current minister of education Niki Kerameus fucking things over continously in an attempt to fix it,I now actually have a death wish.

The educational system is pretty much fucked,with history only being centered around Greek history and Greece's glory days and very few pages dedicated to world history,and useless subjects such as ancient greek being part of the curriculum and lowering students' grades unnecessarily (latin is also expected to join in on the fun in the near future,by the way).

All of that combined with my pre-existing issues caused by my parents making some teensy tiny lil parenting mistakes that cause me to catastrophize everything that goes on around me makes for a perfect mental environment for suicidal  thoughts to form.

I am so stressed because of school and homework that  I can barely perform and I start hyperventilating whenever I try to start working on schoolwork,nearing tears every time,and I don't know what to do.

Today,it reached a peak. I hadn't done any of my homework for my ancient greek language after school lesson and I was stressing the hell out,so I decided to text the teacher and explain that because I was trying to focus on school the whole week because of tests and many important projects worth half my grade being assigned,I couldn't put aside enough time for the homework she assigned me.

What made that difficult to do,however,is that I have always had trouble with the homework she assigns me and could for one reason or another never do all of it,so I pretty much knew hellfire would rain upon me.

And oh boy did hellfire rain upon me.

The teacher sent back a text explaining how me not having enough time to do the homework she assigned and always having some sort of excuse about something was almost offensive and how I will have to start actually studying and that I should text her whenever I think I am actually ready to have an actual lesson.

I went and explained it all to my mom trying my best not to cry,and she seemed to take it surprisingly well,so I went up and continued doing my homework.

Later on,my dad came back from work and called me downstairs,so I got out of my room and sat down at the dinner table with them. 

There they talked to me about how I need to get serious and start studying and how I am extremely disappointing because I was such a good student in elementary school. Then my mom told dad about our argument earlier that day.

In that argument I was begging my mother to cancel my ancient greek lesson because I hadn't managed to study and how if I went unprepared again the teacher would be extremely disappointed and could possibly drop me,but she wasn't having any of that and told me to just relax and that the teacher would understand. I didn't take to kindly to that since I was already hyperventilating and having an anxiety attack,so I started begging her even more,to which she started screaming and saying that I am such a little shit and how nobody could reach such a shittiness level. Upon hearing that I started crying and she hugged me and the rest is history.

Once dad heard this he started saying about how I don't know shit about stress,how I am just very selfish and I should be appreciative I have opportunities they never did,and sent me up to my room.

I am now in my room,silently bawling my eyes out and typing this because the last thing I want to do is annoy my friends with my bullshit problems. I really want to die as I have nothing going for me,but I'm not willing to do something about it since I'm too scared of dying. I know rhat it would make quite a few people sad if I disapeared,but sometimes I feel like if I did,I wouldn't have to feel this way,or any way at all.

If you read this entire attempt at a coherent and legible telling of the events that took place today,thanks for even taking the time to read this,and sorry for any mistakes,english is not my first language^^