Is it worth it?So, I thought it would be better once I go to university, yea high school sucked, but I did just fine there, had like 2 friends in my class. We weren't close, but we talked. Now that I think about it, my 2 other friends that I know since we were little kids - I don't trust them or feel comfortable to talk about how I feel. Not only did I not want their advice that is pretty much useless, but it would also be embarrassing. In my family, mental health is not taboo, but it isn't talked about. You have a roof over your head, you have a phone, a computer, you aren't going hungry? - You are fine.  I wasn't in the mood the past few days, by that I mean - I didn't bother to keep a face and when I just wasn't feeling great. Was asked what's wrong and I kinda said ''everything'' of course, it wasn't taken seriously and I was told that I have no problems and I am fine. It is not done by malice, but just of ignorance. Anyhow, if someone is still reading - fucked up in university, I had no motivation, I skipped classes because I was afraid to go. I felt like vomiting, my heart would race, then I would lie to myself - I would go next week. I missed a lot on certain subjects. I made 0 friends, I haven't talked to most of the people there. I want to drop that major, not only did I have no motivation, but I also have no interest in it. When I enrolled I thought it was interesting, it would be fine. But now I see I was wrong. I don't even think I have a career with this major. Now just to say - I don't have any student loans or anything. Education is not that expensive, I could work and save money from every salary and pay it just fine. But I can't drop out, that is a no go with my family, but I don't think there is any saving it.  Every time I go to university - my heart beats super fast, I feel like vomiting.  Funny enough today I got off on the wrong bus stop because I was too anxious to get up because no one else did. So, like I said there is no saving it. I can't even cry. Started self-harming again, I am on a diet, but something happened and now I just feel guilty every time  I eat and I vomit my food after. It sucks.  But even before that - I didn't feel like I would ever be happy with a family, it seems impossible... I've always felt like this, it is just that now my desire to die is skyrocketing. Also, lost a friend for the stupidest reason possible which makes me think we weren't that big of friends, to begin with even if we talked every day. Yes, it was just dumb shit and banter, but took me away from what's happening. I barely interact with my other 2 friends and I kinda don't want to talk with them.. I just feel bad when we talk? So, is it worth it? Living like this every day when I know it won't get better? The only time I am calm is when I am in my bed, but everything happening right now my mind is just racing about that stuff and I can't find peace. I always thought - it will get better, well it isn't.