No job. No prospects. No family. No point in being here.I met this wonderful girl around 8 months ago. We're moving in together. To be honest, I don't deserve her. She's honestly the most amazing person I have ever met. She's extremely level headed, hilarious and just all-around-awesome. Her whole family has somewhat taken me in.

Me... well, I come from a very different background. My mother is no longer in my life due to her mental health issues, her unwillingness to do anything about it and her self-medicating. I haven't talked to her in years. My dad, well... he just doesn't really give a fuck.

I just graduated with a BSc in mathematics. I also had a research assistantship during three of the years modelling real world problems with mathematics and programming. I graduated in August but have been unable to find a job. I'm lucky that I have been able to get research assistantships and teaching assistantships until now. May 1st marks the end of this. I've been applying for jobs since I graduated, at least 150 applications, and I haven't got a single call back. I can't find a job. I apply for analyst-type positions at companies: data analyst, data scientist, research assistant, research associate, quantitative analyst and many more. I cannot find a job. I've developed a drinking problem as a result of the stress. I tend to drink quite a bit more than I lead her on to believe. I don't want to lie to her, but it's been so hard. I love her to death and it kills me to be lying to her about my job prospects.

The replies I do get, that are not about interviews, are usually "your experience is interesting and unique, but not what we are looking for"

I've been honestly thinking about committing suicide lately. I don't really have any family, so I've paid for school either by working or by student loans. I have ~$20,000 of debt. I live in one of the most expensive cities in the world (Vancouver), so I will never really afford anything of my, truly, my own. Every single day I wake up I feel more and more trapped. I don't want to be a failure. I don't want her to see me as a failure.

I've been thinking about signing up for the army, merely because I have NOTHING else to do. But I don't want to drag her down with me. I have been trying to find a way to bring this up with her but I don't know how. I know it will hurt her so much, but it's for the best. I want her to have the life she deserves, something that I cannot offer her.

