Questioning Life, Existence and everything else in this so far called reality.I don't know how to start or what to write, I am not even sure why I write this, probably because "it helps to talk to someone". Unfortunately I no longer have someone to talk with. 

I've been struggling with depression since February 14, the typical stuff I'd guess, more or less, had my first real love (No, I'm not 16.) which I found in my school after moving from my old school. Everything was going on so great until we had easter vacation, we did not see us for 2 weeks, after that, nothing. I couldn't see that there was any love any longer, just like our relationship never existed. I asked what was wrong, got a simple "I can't say." as response. That was it, relationship over. I was destroyed. I still felt so much love for that one single person like I never did before, but didn't get anything back. 

We saw us every day, day for day knowing that it will never be the same again, until I left the school to start as a trainee in programming. I can't complain about my job, people all nice, I program since 7 years, have a great knowledge and skills and could earn tons of money easily, yet still I'm deeply unsatisfied and depressed. 

I'm sitting here all day questioning about why not to leave this world just to remember that I tried twice and failed. First time I tried jumping off a bridge, sounds like a solid plan, unfortunately my way down wasn't as solid and I managed to survive, with barely any damage (still don't know how), didn't tell many people about that, only people I thought they were my friends.. 
The second time was will pills, but guess what, I instantly vomited the crap out. 

I still don't know why I write this or how to go on, but that's pretty much all I can tell by now. The Internet is big, I guess someone will read this at some point. I'll wait for my chance to leave this world, I won't try to suicide again, but if there will be a chance to quit, I'll gladly accept it. 

Listened to Armin van Buren's "Remember Love" (put that on loop) while writing that.

I don't know what comments to expect, I guess I just wanted to tell my story somehow. 

Greetz,