I don't know where I went wrong, but I feel like I have no way out. Its such a long story, I've told it so many times I'm sick of hearing it, thinking about. Going to try to paraphrase, feel free to prod later about details I guess. But heres the background, I think its pretty important. 

Adopted by Great Grandparents as toddler, mother and father strung out teens, half sister inadvertently sexually abusive when very young, great grandfather passed, great grandmother turned extremely reclusive, had no contact with people other than school for most of my childhood, until dad stepped back into picture and started taking me places and letting me do things (Sorta) raped at 11, caused much rebellion, that paired with teen angst landed me in profession counseling, where said rape was found out about 3 years later, during the past year I managed to be pretty sexual. Was more or less blamed by parents and counselor, punished at home. Still was reclusive, sexually active, however, tried to be normal, then heroine addict grandmother who wasn't in the picture stepped in, helped with great grandma some, but eventually turned just as bad, ended up going to jail with felony battery on the elderly charge for pushing my great grandma away from me when she was hitting me and calling me a terrible slut. Find out I have scoliosis, bad. Shriner hospital takes me in, have major surgery spine fusion at 15. Same time, going to specialist for endometriosis problems, but doctor didn't want to heavily pursue due to spine surgeries. Dropped out of high school as a freshmen, did homeschool (Florida Virtual School) until was Junior, went to a special high school. Worked my ass off. Graduated with high honors and my A.A. in Gen Ed. 
Went to EMT school. Lost my insurance at 19. 

Which leads me to where I am now. I'm nearly 20. I'm a nationally and state licensed EMT. I can't get a public job because I don't have fire standards. I can't go to paramedic or fire academy because I can't get any more financial aid because I have too many credits earned, even though I earned said credits while in a public high school without federal financial aid. My grandmother lives SS check to SS check, never saved any money for me, thought I'd be a loser like the rest of my family. I'm a volunteer EMT for my county though. I can't even take out federal loans, nor private due to no credit, no collateral, no co signer. I work at Mcdonalds, paycheck to paycheck for hte most part. Recently blew away my savings attempting to help my father out. Waiting for my P.O.S. car to finally give in to old age ( She's been good to me. 95 Saturn SC1 manual with 210000 on it.) 
There is no public transport in my area.

I'm pretty much just waiting for my life to fall apart. The past months I've been fighting with depression. Every play Terreria? Good game, if you've played, you'll understand by what I mean when I say I've been fighting it back like the corruption, but I just can't keep doing it. 
Despite my education, I can't secure 'good' employment. I can't work for private EMS until I'm 21 AT LEAST. Top things off I keep getting letters about an accident I was in LAST YEAR literally, I hit a on duty detective. Didn't get ticket, because i just literally bumped him hydroplaning, but of course he ate up his workmans comp. If I can hold out until 21, I might have a shot. But I have to keep my EMT license up till then, so I'm juggling volunteering, home life ( I have to drive my dad around, and my great grandma, I'm the only one with a car or license, to to mention a 70 mile drive every Monday to pick up his other infant daughter now). What drove me here mostly is my lack of insurance. I either have a serious hormone issue, or fibroid/cysts/endometriosis, (Its going to get gory here gentlemen)
They put me on depo at planned parenthood because I was bleeding randomly with NuvaRing that I had been on for 4 years. Still bleeding randomly, extremely heavy, now with very rare clots as large as my hand. Not too much pain honestly. 
I don't know what to do, where to go. I just feel so stuck here in this miserable spot, waiting for my car to break down and end my struggle of survival. I always thought I'd be something, but it seems like I will turn out to be a failure like my parents. I don't even see why I try anymore. I feel like everything is just a ticking time bomb, that I'm jsut wasting resources, wasting food and electricity my great grandma could save on her electric bill. I feel like, If im jsut waiting to fail, why not do so on my own terms. Logic right? But I don't want to die. I panic, literally, at the thought of not living. I want to live! I want to be free! I want to have kids and get married and grow old. See the world grow and change. But at the same time, I don't want to go on anymore. I have no close friends, I love my boyfriend, but, I don't feel like I can go to him. He just doesn't get it. He lives pretty far away from now too. I'm suppose to drive down to see him in a couple of days. I'm sure that will help, but its just a temporary cover up. I emailed the director at my local college that I've went to, pleading for some type of assistance to go to the paramedic academy somehow. I've emailed my old gyno to see if she could somehow find me assistance. Theres just so much going on. I've been sitting here sobbing for an hour. I feel so helplesss with my own life.
Thanks for listening. &lt;3