This is Me: Struggling Day by DayI'm a first time visitor and am not aware of how this works; but I'm sure it will provide some sense of comfort to my current situation that may be able to help anyone else struggling with similar issues. To anyone who may reply: I am here for you and whatever it is that you are beholden to. I want to help people, even if I don't know how.

  
I feel discontent with my life.. I'm told everything happens for a reason, but I tend to have an incredibly hard time believing it contributes to the greater good of my life. I just started my college classes today, and felt utterly worthless when attempting to converse with those around me. I don't want to die, but I think about suicide a lot. I have practically no friends, and have isolated myself from a very young age. I did this in an effort to consolidate my issues and move forward; but in reality I was only holding myself back. 

I have good things going for me, but it's hard for me to not feel utterly useless at the thought of my inadequacies.   
And all I have ever wanted was to 'fit in'. As superficial and petty as this may sound, I am a human subject to the laws of human nature - with regards to the social awareness we are all programmed with. I go home every night and don't know who I am; my thoughts are whimsical and lack organization.

  
I feel alone. Completely without anyone who would beckon themselves to understand me. But I know this is a faculty of my mind; this ever-gazing particle that can't seem to accept the person I have become. My life feels like an endless cycle of infirmity only matched by worthlessness and desire for affluence. I like to consider myself a warm, kind and loving person; but how can I ever express these qualities when I feel ill-fitted to do so?

I only have one friend. And in October of last year, I experienced the loss of one of the only people I allowed close to my heart - sweet Landon. I had a friend named Chloe until she decided to sever ties with me because - according to her - she doesn't want to connect with me because I am not really part of her life. We have so much in common; we are both writers and poets at heart, and she is an incredibly sweet girl. I think I love her, and I believe that she is scared of the feelings she has expressed to me in return.

I'm unique, and I struggle socially. I am deficient in this category. I envision myself hanging from a tree, free at last from the pain of my day-to-day life. I have never had what would be described as a real girlfriend.. I struggle to make any friends and am 'in my head' so often it is hard to sense an escape. And I know these problems are much less contrary to other posters in this chat, but I hope from the bottom of my wounded heart that I can accept who I am despite what anyone may say.