This is my last reach for meaningful adviceI find myself bewildered as to why I even post to this particular forum as I can guarantee it won't be seen by many; I don't seek for sympathy or empathy, I just simply desire answers.

Let's start with the reason I am writing this; in essence, I don't want to be alive or in the realms of existence; I wish to not exist in any universe parallel to ours, and I goddamn hope that there is some way to erase my existence on this planet, in this given dimension. Let's outline a few reasons why I feel so horrid towards my existence and everything to do with me: I was born into a toxic family of whom encouraged deception, violence, bullying, racism, homophobia, lies, etc. It's fair to assume their moral compass was fucked up, that's for sure. Since I was younger, to cut a long story short, I was exposed to varying levels of physical, sexual and verbal abuse which resulted in a lot of migration to different towns, housing and schools. This uncertain level of instability has haunted me until this very day, as my so called 'parents' have never supported me despite my background. I went through school being constantly bullied due to my cheap, unclean clothing which induced an uncontrollable feeling of no self worth, no human qualities. From being locked in my room from a young age to being left to fend for myself, anyone I have been in the care of has disregarded my feelings and emotions and desensitised/dehumanised me to the extent whereby I do not feel human anymore. Right now, I feel completely empty and lost, and the saddest thing is, no one can help me emotionally and financially. Money will always be tight and I am so far gone mentally that I know I cannot be saved. I can't be saved.

I will never comprehend why my circumstances were extremely different to those of my past friends. They live 'stable' and relatively 'normal' lives, without unethical behaviour and a stable mindset. All I would have wanted was stability, morality and a stable, growing environment. So, the question is, will this really ever get better from those with experience in this living construct? Or, is it worth just finding the painless way to remove my existence?