Please help- existential crisis leading to severe depression and anxietySorry this is long but i'm hoping that maybe something could be of comfort.

I have had a relatively happy life. I know that everyone has their own demons, and everyone deals with their own superficial and inherent traumas. I have felt a lot of pain before, I have felt trauma, I have felt loss, but never anything of this magnitude.

I have always felt fleeting moments of existential dread throughout my childhood. I did not grow up in a religious family. Whenever I had questions, my dad never sugarcoated anything. He always said that we are nothing but matter and that our lives have no meaning. We are born and we die, returning to nothingness. The universe was born, but before that there was nothing. I always accepted this fact and never thought much of it. My mom, on the other hand, is a minister and believes in God. However, she is not very open about it. I always entertained thoughts of 'life after death' and reincarnation for fleeting comfort, because I was scare of the truth.

This year was my senior year. I did some psychedelics this summer with my friends. I did mushrooms twice and both times they made me fear death less. The mushrooms made me accept the beauty and complexity of what is existence. They made me trust that, once I am gone, I will feel no pain and no fear. I had it in my mind that there would only be peace. However, I felt that perhaps everything had a purpose. I still had an ego.

However, as time passed, I experienced a sort of ego death and began questioning existence overwhelmingly. The more that I tried to deconstruct, the more I began to feel anxious. I began to ponder the concepts of time and space. The illusion of reality. The fact that we are no more real than a computer. Concepts like love, pain, fear, joy and other abstract emotions are not 'otherworldly.' They are simply attributed to the chemical reactions in our brain meant to keep us alive. It was hard to accept the insignificance of my own life, the fact that none of this is what I thought it was. I look back on my life and keep thinking "what the fuck is this. What the fuck was all of this." Reality is absurd, and there are so many things that we will never understand. Concepts such as infinity. I don't know what all of this is and none of us ever will. There is no such thing as meaning, or purpose, as we have come to believe. Our minds are finite and our perceived reality is but an illusion and a part of infinite. What all of this is goes far beyond out minds and our capability of understanding.

While these facts may be of comfort and liberating to some, I have never not felt free. I did well in school. I had dreams of being a human rights lawyer. I am about to go to my dream college. I am a musician and love to sing. I never fell in love with anyone or experienced anyone in a romantic sense, but my life has undeniably been filled with so much love. I have amazing friends and a sense of humour. There were a lot of things wrong with both myself and my life, but if focusing on the highlights, i've had a happy life.

However, I have had non stop anxiety, which has resulted in severe depression. I have not been able to function and I am in so much pain. Everything feels like a chore. I go to sleep feeling so much fear, and wake up feeling so much dread. My dreams are filled with discomfort. I tried spending more time with friends, and had small moments that somewhat felt like normalcy, but they were fleeting and bittersweet to an extreme. I am so unhappy and using all of my energy to seem like the old me every time that I am with someone that I love. I no longer look forward to school. I can't imagine studying right now. I do not have aspirations anymore. I still love music, but even that feels like a challenge. I can't listen to music without feeling pain.

I have been having problems with my parents, and never loved being at home, but right now the only thing that I desire is to be held by my mom. My dad is sick and both of them are older, so I know that I won't be able to do this one thing that gives me the slightest most minuscule bit of comfort for long. Even her holding me is fleeting, but I don't want to be anywhere else.

This pain that I feel and these realizations are not ones that I think are attributed to mental illness, but are due to an indisputable perspective. That we are nothing more than matter and chemicals. We are utterly meaningless, in the sense that we believe our existence to be.

I do not understand why I should continue living this way. Of course I am terrified of death, as is natural. I do not want to die, but everyone is going to die. I am starting to look back on my life. There has been nothing but joy and love. My siblings love me, I helped raise my 2-year old goddaughter, my parents love me. Why should I continue to disintegrate into pain when I can be remembered as who I was, and not who I am becoming. If I go now I can be remembered as me, without this senseless spiral into pain and a lack of human aspirations. I will be remembered as the funny, bright, caring girl that I once was. Maybe the least that I can do as homage and in respect to my childhood self is that my life will inspire my family members to continue to reach out to others. I no longer have any interest in human rights, or politics, and I can't bare to see the unraveling of human connections and emotions, which I once heard dear, to be utterly insignificant. I know how much pain me leaving would cause everyone, but that is inevitable, and with time it will dull and they will remember only the joy and the love as well, until their time comes, and I am forgotten.

I am going to keep feeling this way. Even if I can find a way, through medication or lying to myself, to remedy the anxiety or depression, I will be dragging through life with this knowledge. My past and my carefree happiness will be clouded by the pain and existential dread that I feel. I will remember less and less of what came without the pain. It would have been nice to fall in love, to raise a family, but I would be doing those with this same knowledge. Seventeen years of joy seems better than a few more years of pain. At the end of the day I have felt love and people love me, so the kind does not really matter. Is that not what really matters if we are searching for meaning?

Not waiting to die makes me feel like I have control. At least I can decide this in the grand scheme of existence. That way, I won't be walking through life with a target on my back. I wish that my mom could hold me and that I could just slip away, but I know that if I die now I will alone. I am so incredibly scared, but I guess that this is what life is. I'm not sure what to do. I'm waiting for my mom and dad to get home because all that I can think about is her holding me. I wanted to write here because I am so lost. I don't know what to say to them. They will be so scared if I tell them and there's no way that they will understand. I'm trying to see if anyone can relate, just so that I know that I am not alone in this, or if anyone has some words of comfort.