I find myself stockpiling sleeping pills.So, yeah. I guess I’m not actively suicidal (it has been worse) to the point that I might do it right now, but it’s still on my mind. It hasn’t not been all year (it used to be more passive and less... around). 

The last time I had a stockpile of 140+ pills, I ended up giving them to my therapist after I shot her a desperate email (which led to an earlier psychiatrist appt too, the day after). I still find myself regretting it now, because since I did that, all that’s happened is my mind concocting more ways to die. I’ve been thinking of hanging myself at a nearby parking garage, or maybe jumping. I don’t know if I’ll have the strength to push through the initial resistance though — a care coordinator told me (after I’d given the pills away previously) that perhaps I had a little bit of hope still fighting to want to live, if I had managed to hold on long enough to pass the pills off to someone else even in a state of crisis. I just feel like pills take less effort? I’ve been pretty low-functioning anyway, probably why the thought of more “physical” methods still seem too tiring to actually do them.  

Now I don’t have much of a stockpile of pills anymore, at least not anything useful. The only ones I have now that are remotely harmful (even if it’s not like 100+ pills, but maybe 40 or so) are Zopiclone 7.5mg’s. I take them as needed as per instruction, but they do still prescribe me a full month’s script whenever I go back for a follow-up, so I have more of them than I need? I suppose I didn’t intend to stockpile them for suicide (the tons of discontinued meds were my go-to’s previously), but it’s just kind of sitting right there. 

I feel like I’m supposed to feel happy, or at least happier, with everything that’s going on for me. I got into university for a psych degree — something that I wanted to go into since I was schooling. I just got a new, great tattoo for free? And another one planned, something from The Kite Runner. My family is finally moving from my childhood home. I have family and friends that love me. I’m losing weight for once in my life (though through an ED). I have a great care team behind me — a psychiatrist that troubles herself to sort me out, a therapist that’s willing to give me hugs when I ask for them. I just finished reading a book, literally about cherishing life in the face of imminent mortality. My birthday just passed this month, and I received a lovely surprise from best friends. I’ve been trying to do nice things for people more often. I feel like a good person doing these nice things. 

But I’m just so profoundly empty with no answers as to why, or how to help it. It doesn’t go away. And I tend to get frustrated these days (about social issues, and then I hate myself for feeling that frustration), and also often sad. I don’t feel like I have a traumatic stress disorder, but I’ve been getting very triggered again this past month with news reports of sexual harassment assault, and my local community’s response to it (they make a lot of jokes and victim blame, typical asian culture) — after being victim to assault in the past, seeing the response to it locally makes me feel really unsafe. 

So dying is always on my mind? I am just painfully devoid of the ability to feel genuinely happy. It all feels so hollow and flat. I don’t even really feel like a real person anymore. Nothing is worth it but I don’t know why. It’s all just so heavy and there aren’t any clear answers to make it make sense. 

But yeah. I guess I’m keeping my zopiclone now. Wondering how many it takes to fatally overdose has always been on my mind — does anyone know?