Life ruined by plastic surgery and when I had a chance to get help I was too stupid and made it worseI got a rhinoplasty involving a serious implant two years ago

In a fit of psychosis I pulled my nose and moved the fucking implant. Over the course of the year I moved my septum and all my nasal cartilage and bones too. 

My surgeon didn't help me and said I was mentally ill.

The worst thing is that he told that to my family. I was, I am, but I still needed help. I couldn't talk to them anymore, he wouldn't tell me where it was, and I did not know what to do.

The implant grew in crooked, pressing my bones, and my surgeon kept insisting I was mentally ill when I told him with each consult how bad my breathing was, that I felt pressure as the implant was starting to press on my bones. 

I did that. 

If he had told me where it was so I had known why I felt what i did, I would have stopped. But I am responsible for pulling down the fucking roof of my nose, arrogant and above all stupid as can be. This was the most important thing in my life--I had a horrible nose, no real structural support and a lot of scar tissue. 

Like I fucking idiot I rushed the rhinoplasty because a friend I'm in love with said he was coming to visit. He didn't come. And this was the second time he had done it. It's funny, I rushed the first nose job--the one where the surgeon put in an implant without notifying me verbally. I was so stupid I didn't even no what sort of rhinoplasty it would be either.   The one surgeon who listened to the whole story and had a vague idea of what to do turned me away because like an asshole I sent one overly long, overeager email asking questions about my fears.

Instead of taking his good advice, once he rejected me, I went to a cretin with misleadly low prices who promised to take the implant out to "make the nose prettier" without ever having read the fucking operative report and made my nightmares come true.

My nose had healed, and it was ugly, but normal looking. I chose the worst possible strategy I could have out of idiocy, anxiety, and impatience. 

I didn't ask questions, I didn't know anything. This has been three years of hell. By the time it had grown into my tissue taking it out was the worst thing I could have done.

The thing is there were so many pockets and so much scar tissue in my nose then, that no, there was no way to do better with open rhinoplasty. So it was pointless. 

And worst, my septum--the  middle structure in my nose--collapsed, as I feared.

Looking back, I knew it would be worse. I don't know why I went through with it. I should have known it wouldn't be worth it. I did know in my heart. 

I let self-hatred and hopelessness delude me. 

I could do worse. So, so much worse. If I had been able to tell the truth--that I had pulled it down my nose--maybe someone could have helped me. 

The surgeon I chose was the only one I could afford I chose him out of horrible guilt for this, my third rhinoplasty, because the second had cost only 2,000. Like a fucking idiot.

It is going to cost 20,000 to fix my septum, my nose, and put back the structures so I can breath again. My nose looks exactly the same. 

I am such a burden on my family, I am such a fool, and this is one of many decisions I have made where the punishments of things I did or failed to do out of anxiety, laziness, stupidity,--they turned into problems that were unfathomable, and I didn't have the words or dignity to ask for help or understand the requests and instructions of people--the last ones--trying to help me.

I am a fuckup, stupid, and a coward, and of all the ways I have made myself suffer for it--thinking of how horrible and painful the revision will be, and how ugly I will be, and the likelihood I will never breath normally again--thinking of how horrible a choice this was--

I heap grief and pain on myself and fuck up every single opportunity for relief.

The surgeon who put the implant in to begin with lied to me about where it was and I was too stupid to figure out something so basic--it was in my septum. 

I had a vague idea where it was and could never talk about it with a doctor because I'm such a space cadet and the breathing issues and pain have made me so tired for a whole year. I actually got this fucking rhinoplasty because my breathing so so bad and I was so tired all the time. 

Now I have a hard time getting through the day. 

The key to fixing the problem was fixing my septum, and instead I let someone cut it up. Someone even warned me what to do, and I blew his advice. 

I don't know why I am not a resident of my own brain.

I am hurt my family so much. 

The surgeon offering to revise me wants to charge me 20,000 and is forcing me to fucking pay 250 to see him for another consult. He wont' even talk to me through email. 

I knew all this. I knew everything could get worse. I still rushed into surgery with a cretin who destroyed my nose.

I am 29, have never been in a relationship, never held a job, and flunked out of graduate school, going to a much worse program I had to leave. 

My life is a series of decisions and important choices I turn into nightmares, crawling downward through the dark, afraid, confused, and learning nothing, nothing at all. And I drag down my family. 

I don't want another surgery. 

I want to go to sleep and not wake up and for my family to forget me.

I want my haert to stop burning in my lungs and to not think about my disgusting face. The implant made it worse.
I want to go back to the day I pulled on my fucking nose--arrogant, horrible piece of shit I was, hopped up on prednisone when the nose was finally healed--and punch myself for my fucking arrogance. 

They will have to use my rib cartilage to fix this.  