Tried to be happy for years, but the end is near.Alright. I was in 6th grade, and all the kids called me gay, and pretty much every derogatory name you could imagine. I hated it. I got really depressed. The doctor put me on some antidepressants. I later attempted suicide in 6th grade. My mom came into the room before I went through with it. Fast forward to 8th grade. I got very depressed, the most depressed I had been in my entire life. I also started lashing out at my family. They took me to a psychiatrist. I was sat down in front of a technician, who asked questions and typed into a computer. He called in the actual psychiatrist I was supposed to be seeing, talked out in the hallway for a minute, and came back in. They claimed the diagnosis of bipolar disorder. I tried refuting this, but my parents just put me on whatever medicine they suggested. I was on pills that made me sleep 18 hours a day, made me gain over 100 pounds, made me pass out randomly regardless of what I was doing. I can honestly say I slept through most of 10th and 11th grade. I could be listening to the most interesting thing ever, and then I'd lose consciousness. I'm on pills now that regulate my sleep schedule. I mean, before I was put on medicine, I had the normal wake sleep cycle. But now I can't sleep without the medicine. I want to come off the stuff, because in the entirety of my life, other than a few sparse bouts of happiness, I have felt nothing but a barren wasteland of depression. All I wanted to do all my life was join the Air Force, but I can't do that anymore, so I'm just wondering what the point to going on anymore is. My parents didn't care what they put me through. I'm not bipolar. I can remember maybe three instances I felt happy in the last 18 months. That would be my senior prom, high school graduation, and my vacation down to Georgia afterwards. I was misdiagnosed, and it ruined my life. I know I'll eventually kill myself, there's probably nothing that will change about that at all. It hurts me, because I have a girlfriend that loves me more than life itself. Just wanting some insight into my situation.