I see no logical reason I should continue livingI've been unhappy all my life. Since the moment I was born into this world I have been destined for lonliness, depression, and suicide. I started having negative self image issues from a very young age, my parents decided to start taking me to child psychiatrists after they found me trying to kill myself by jamming a pencil into my arm. I have been emotionally isolated my whole life. Both of my parents, though they had good intentions, only worsened my condition. My mother was a bipolar and verbally abusive while my father was just very cold and emotionally distant. They would read about parenting stratergies in books and articles and would often lock me in my room for weeks on end, taking everything from my room but my bed, only letting me come out to eat. I was actually pretty popular in school up until around 8th grade, I'm not sure why, but that's when my social anxiety started to kick in. I didn't have any friends through high school and usually just relied on video games to keep me company. I tried going to college but ended up dropping out a couple of weeks due to depression and social anxiety. Fast forward to now, I'm a 21 year old guy that stills lives my dad. He treats me like subhuman shit, but I can't afford to live on my own. I've never had a girlfriend or even as much as been kissed, the lonliness is suffocating. I actually started going back to school again in August and it's going better than last time but it's just really fucking difficult seeing so many attractive girls and knowing I will always be nothing but a skid mark to any of them. I try so, so hard to fight this shit on a daily basis but it's exhausting. I work a shit food service job where I'm disrespected on a daily basis. A new girl was recently hired and I like talking to her. Want to know the bad thing? She's actually really nice to me, unlike 95 percent of girls out there. So of course, my affection starved brain can't stop thinking about her, but she thinks I'm just as pathetic as everyone else does. I have no one. I just want, for once in my life, for someome to love me, to want to talk to me. Why would that change in the future though? I've realized tonight i should just man up and end it now so that my pain can fade into nothingness.