Can't cope with guiltBackstory: I was recently married this past year to an amazing women who i love deeply but it has triggered some depression and anxiety over not being good enough. (Years of physical and emotional abuse by father). My mind has looked for everything in my past for any wrongdoing on why I am not worthy.

I am a little fuzzy on the details because this happened about 10 years ago. So during one party in college one of my good friends who was a girl was there and we all drank pretty well and all had a good time. At the end of the night i went to bed seeing has i had to much and decided to end the night for me. Well said girl friend decided to sleep in my bed with me and came in shortly after i had laid down, so not long enough for me to fall asleep. I was feeling pretty frisky and motioned to kiss her when she laid down on my chest.(we had a affectionate albiet platonic friendship) She said no no casually as she new the state i was in. I didn't actually kiss her or attempt anything else and simply went to bed. Well a few hours later i wake up and she is cuddled up against me and I realize i have my hands down her pants. I froze and by then shes awake and she casually takes my hand out and both of us go back to sleep without me doing anything else.

A few weeks go by and she has dinner with my other three roommates and she must have brought it up because one of my roommates asked me about it. I admitted it and didn't talk about it further. A few weeks later i see her at another party and when we crossed paths in the hallway I simply said I am sorry for what i did and she casually and quickly said its ok. I wish i would have said more but i was too embarrassed and ashamed. That was the end of the matter and hadn't really thought about it much. By that point in our college careers and friends groups we drifted apart so there wasn't really a follow up chance to talk. Maybe its me maturing and the scared of my own inadequacies of marriage or even the recent metoo stuff but i have been overcome with extreme guilt and depression over it. I ask myself what if i ruined her life, what if she hates me for it and said it was ok just to get over the situation? I talked with her on facebook a few months back and she talked  normally and congratulated me on marriage and asked how things were going. I've had many other interactions with women since this, drinking and none drinking, and its never been an issue but i feel terrible for being a predator and potentially causing pain. There is no excuse for it but i feel guilty and pissed at my younger self for doing something i did not intend to do or even had any recollection of until i came too and froze.

It was a mistake and now i am drowning deeper into guilt that im starting to not be able to control. Im getting more to the point where I am now questioning everything I have ever did and if there is anything else I did that I am not remembering or choosing not to feel guilty about until now because I am a shitty person. 