I need help/advice, I’ve been thinking about suicide for a long time nowFor the past month, I (18F) have had suicidal thoughts and now I have opioid medication from a recent surgery that I could use to carry it out. This isn’t the first time I’ve had these thoughts, I wrote a suicide note freshman year of high school and self harmed all through high school. I guess I’ve felt like I never have belonged, I feel as if I experienced too much too young and was exposed to things that have skewed my worldview into one I don’t want to be a part of. I have friends and family who love me, and I don’t want to hurt them, but it’s killing me to stay alive and pretend like I am fine. I am really unhappy about where I am in life. I tried making the best out of the college I chose to go to, however I strongly dislike it and never feel at home. You can say it was a “hard first semester” but to me it’s different than that. I can’t transfer because I don’t have the money, and worrying about paying for more loans and making new friends wouldn’t help me. 
I recently got out of a 3 year on and off relationship with a guy 3 years older than me. I fucked up and made some bad choices and lied about them because I was angry and hurt and let our past cloud my judgement. I took him for granted and hurt him horribly. I miss him so much and it hurts so badly to not be able to reach out to the one person who ever knew this side of me. Im so scared that I won’t find anyone else that I love at the capacity I hold for him, and vice versa. I don’t know how to unpack the fact that I was the monster capable of creating so much pain. I just want him to know I love him. 
I just feel overwhelmingly lost, I don’t want to live the basic life path that i’m currently destined to be on. I want to change and really self improve and get myself out of feeling this way but I don’t know where to begin. How do you heal? It hurts and I guess I’m just looking for some advice or help or i don’t really know. I don’t want to die, necessarily, but I’m tired of this life and this world and the routines and the hate and the violence that plague it. The only reason I haven’t by now is I don’t want to hurt the people in my life, like my parents and siblings. Does it ever get better? How’d you get there? 

Sorry if this was a mess, I’m kind of in the middle of an anxiety attack and needed to reach out to anyone. 

TL;DR: I’m having suicidal thoughts and a way to carry it out, I need some advice.