I can feel myself reaching a breaking point again.I guess I keep moving in cycles.  somebody somewhere will says something about realizing that being progress.  Thanks guy.  Now I can see the train coming down the tracks towards my face.  Not that I can move.  

I did fine in high school.  I had a mini lapse in junior year.  Grades went from straight A's to mostly C's 1 A and 1 F.  Went back up to A and B senior year.  

then I graduated and started college and I was at the top again.  Halfway through my semester my life started to fall apart.  I started anti depressants.  I failed every single class that semester.  I lost 3 jobs, 2 for falling asleep, and the other I lost when I attempted suicide and missed work because of it.  

Then I got ok again.  I got my records in college wiped, hooray, no F's.  I got a new job.  I was set up for a second try.  I moved in with my dad for a fresh start so I wouldn't have to pay rent.  

And then I fell again.  One day I left my house and picked a direction and walked for 6 hours, nearly got frostbite. I was in a mental hospital for a week.  Lost another job.  Never went back to college.  

Now I have a new job.  Again.  I'm paying off my debts.  Again.  I'm trying to move out of my dad's soon. Again.  I can feel depression coming back.  I'm tired so much more often.  Work is more and more frustrating.  I keep wanting to call out so bad but haven't so far.  I lost interest in gaming, reading, playing piano, etc again.  

I'm starting to lie to my family again.  I'm fine.  Yes work is wonderful.  Oh yeah loving life.  Yep I'd love to come to thanksgiving where all my republican angry country born relatives will have political discussions about how everything I quietly believe is wrong and bad and a sin.  Yep.  I know its all in my head dad, I realize that now.  Yeah mom, its all about just pushing through the tough times.  

Slowly stop talking to my friends.  Check.  Stop eating unless somebody is there to be suspicious of you not eating.  Check.  I have a stash of razors under my bed again.  lighters floating around my room too.  

I feel like any time I start doing well depression is like this anchor I forget about until I pull too hard and it yanks me back down underwater.  I don't know what to do.  I can't talk to my family.  Its either religious bullshit or my dad telling me to man up. ( being transgender mtf makes that fucking great x10)  

Nobody can help me.  Nobody is going to help me pay my bills, or transition, or find a better job, or go back to school, or move out.  I have to do it all myself, just like everybody else.  I don't want to though.  Its not worth it.  Just get myself to the next level so I can work some more, and struggle some more and hate life some more.  

I guess I have this problem with the rat race that everybody else on earth seems to be fine with.  Its just so stupid.  Why do I even want to do this.  I'll die in like 60 years.  Nobody will remember me in another 60.  Just another human drone.  If heaven exists apparently I'm damned.  If I'm not for some reason, why not go early.  Supposedly its an amazing place where nobody is sad.  Fuck earth, lets do that. 

And if it doesn't, then I won't feel anything after I die.  I wont regret it or be sad or guilty.  I won't be anything.  

I'll probably post this to both mentalhealth and suicidewatch , because why not.  Idk. 

TLDR I hate my life, I can feel myself spiraling again. I don't want to do this anymore, any of it.  Its not worth it, life is too painful. 