I think I should kill myselfI recently turned 24 and my life is just going from worse to worst. I have had depression for a good decade now and I managed to get anxiety too when I was in uni. I have taken meds for my depression, anxiety and insomnia at various times in my life and at one point, I really thought I was getting better. But in my final year of uni, it got really bad. I stopped attending classes and only left my room when I absolutely had to. The counsellor at my uni suggested I take a year off and then complete my final year. But I was too scared that I wouldn’t be able to do it a year later. So I forced myself to finish uni and I barely managed to get a decent grade while all the other students did great. I returned to my home country after finishing uni but now my degree feels useless cus there are very few job opportunities for the field I studied in, in my home country. And I can’t go back to where I studied without a valid visa. My mum died when I was 17 and my dad remarried without even telling me, a couple years later. He told me that my step mom would move in with us when I went home for the summer after my 2nd year of uni. At first, things were nice with her. But slowly, things started to go bad. We went on a “family” trip and she was constantly complaining about everything I did and never wanted to do any of the things I wanted to do/see on the trip. My dad always took her side. This continued on for months and I guess she started to resent me more and more. She would also wear my mum’s clothes and jewellery, so one day, I took them away without letting anyone know because it just felt wrong for her to wear my mum’s stuff, and I didn’t think I would get my mum’s things if I asked for them. My dad didn’t seem bothered at all and just told me that I was being too sentimental. Last night, I heard her yelling at my dad. She called me a thieving bitch and said that I was too selfish. She said that I haven’t gotten a job yet and it was a foolish idea to let me take over my dad’s law firm because I will amount to nothing and my dad will have to bear the burden of taking care of me for the rest of his life. She also called me crazy (cus of my mental illnesses). At first, I didn’t let it get to me, but now every kind gesture exchanged with my dad feels like a burden, like he will have to take care of me for the rest of my life because like she said, I really will amount to nothing. Over the last decade, there are have been many times when I really wanted to kill myself but I didn’t because I didn’t want to hurt my dad, but now, I can’t stop hating myself and I really think I am and will always be a useless piece of shit. I miss my mom SO MUCH, and I’m just tired of feeling all these feelings. I’m thinking of meeting all the important people in my life once, before killing myself. But I haven’t planned the act yet (oh, I tried to kill myself when I was 15 but failed miserably), so I want to be thorough this time. I just felt like explaining myself.

I’m really sorry for such a long post.

If you actually read the entire thing, thank you.