Someday I’ll disappear.Nobody needs to know. These moments when I’m all alone with myself. When I just sit and stare. And try to find a connection to this world. To this life. I try to remember how it felt when I felt joy or felt passionate about... anything. I try to remember how to laugh from the bottom of my soul. I try... but no matter how hard I try, the only thing that resonates in my mind is one simple and truthful fact: 

It doesn’t matter anymore. 

In these moments I sit and stare and wish I would have the courage to just walk out of my apartment, find the next bridge and jump. I already thought about so many ways, pills, jumping, cutting my wrists. I just can’t. Too afraid of everything. 

If a fairy would show up and offer me to just leave this world by stepping through a magic door and while doing so any memory, any trace of me would just be deleted, damn I wouldn’t hesitate for a moment. No mess left behind. No open questions. No grief. Just sweet nothing. 
As if I never existed. 

Because after all, this is the simple truth: My existence doesn’t matter. And this is probably one of the few things at the moment, that doesn’t make me sad. It’s just awareness. So what’s the sense in clinging to a corrupt world which is turning worse each day. Watching the stultification of shallow brain-washed people with cold hearts and self-centered minds?

I already tried what most people do. Build my own little happy world. Have a husband. Have your happy little circle of people you get along well with. Gather your beloved ones around you. Dreaming of raising a family. I failed. 
And my world shattered. 
It happens they said. So I shook off the dust and started anew only to find out how incredibly tired I grew of this world. And I’m not doing well anymore in hiding it. At some point I know for sure my new partner, too, will leave. Because how to deal with someone who has lost the ability to feel? Who has lost the lust for life?

I still manage to keep up the facade at least a bit. Yes, I’m a bit depressive again. Yes, I’m in treatment. Yes, I take my meds. Yes, they already help. Of course, it will get better. 
Nod. Smile. 

I think I’ll know when the time is right. I’ll be prepared. On that day, I’ll take a journey. Destination unknown. “You know, to empty my mind and have some lone-time, don’t know when I’ll be back, it’s the best thing to do right now”.  However, there’s not many people will ask about it, if at all.

And I’ll just leave.
No mess left behind. No traces. 
I’ll be my own fairy.