I'm pretty sure I want to die but I'm so afraid to do itOk, so, English is not my first language and I'm pretty fucked up so there will probably be some mistakes.

&amp;#x200B;

I have been fighting anxiety since I was 8 and chronic depression since I was 12. I'm 24 now. I lived good times, sure, was even happy (not sure if in the simplified and constant sense people think about happiness, but definitely sort of happy), like, when I lived in a certain country (away from mine) and spent some days with a certain girl. But the thing is: good cycles end, and somehow, I always end up severe depressed again.

I tried everything. Every fucking thing. I do therapy, I took a lot of medication, I embraced religion. I had good and bad jobs. I had good and bad girlfriends. I travelled and isolated myself at home. I got drunk everyday and spent times sober.  I even spent 20 days in a psychiatric hospital last year, when my suicide ideation got really bad.  I called suicide hotlines, wrote letters, talked to parents, friends and doctors. 

I had some traumas (who doesn't?), but most of them don't even haunt me anymore. My therapist is good and stuff, and I'm committed with my treatment. But the point is: even doing everything in my hands, I always end up in the same fucking place. Last night, I had to debate with myself if I should end my life or not. To be honest, most times I feel like my decision is already made. I even have a plan. But the problem is that do the thing takes a lot of courage. I don't think about me, but about my family and friends. Shit, a lot of my friends have mental health disorders, and I'm so afraid that they get worse if they know that I did what I plan to do. 

I'm also afraid that my attempt fails, and the consequences of the failed attempted make life even worse (for me and for others around me) than it is now.

I was doing well until I fell in love with this friend of mine who don't want me (or anybody, to be fair. She doesn't want a relationship at all). It's a pretty mundane situation, I know, but looks like my emotions are more fragile at each time. Looks like everytime I got my heart broken (not just about  romantic stuff, but like, when something goes wrong with friends, family or professional life), it breaks in a harder way. Like it's easier to fall in the depression black hole each time. 

Well... sorry, this is a little longer than I expected. I don't know that to do. I just want the fucking pain to end. Twelve years is a long long long time to live with all this emotional suffering.