I have nothing left....Once upon a time... I was me... a cynical, jaded, intelligent, snarky, quirky young man.   I had been in more beds than bed bugs, I'd knocked boots with the best of them.  Models, Strippers, Girls next door.

But I'm not here to talk about that right now, I'm here to talk about something else.

I am a 26 year old guy.  I have 4 semesters of college under my belt.  I'm a programmer, or well, a programmer in training perhaps.   I am broke, living with family, without a car, just got my license for the first time in July... You see, I've always been a bit of a loser... it runs in my family.   

And now we're up to the present.   I got my hours slashed at my job, down to 6 a week.   I can't afford to get a ride in, now that my carpool is without a car.  It would cost me more getting there every week than I would earn.  So I put in my notice.  They cut my hours despite having seniority / relevant experience.

But things were still okay.  I had someone that mattered to me.... so much.  I would wake up in the morning to her face on Skype.  I would spend a few days a week with her.  The sex was incredible but it was the times that we weren't having sex when she truly impressed me.

She spoke softly, kindly, and told me what it was like to be loved by me, and filled me with a rapture that I haven't felt in my life until then.  She wasn't the best looking girl I'd been with, not by a longshot.... but she was far and away the most beautiful human being that I've ever met.   Her smile melted my heart.  Her words broke down the walls of my soul.  Her laughter made me smile...

And as of late it's been so hard to smile.  Trying to find a new job, getting rejected at McDonalds, target... etc.  Trying to go to school, realizing that I don't have money.  Having google cancel my adsense account.  Having youtube invite my to be a partner then declining my partner application... It all feels like... too much.  

Right now I have $34.50 in my bank account.  And it's not enough... for anything.

On my birthday (7/27) a guy shot her a message on facebook... it was a customer that went into a store where she worked, it was fairly generic... but it got them talking.

Last week they hung out for the first time... Tuesday night she cancelled plans with me, saw him, and fucked him.  Wednesday, we reconciled and she told me that she wanted to be with me, and only me.  She saw him yesterday during her lunch break... and last night, she told me firmly, that she doesn't want to be with me anymore.

She left me, primarily because, he has money; and I don't.  She felt insecure because of my sordid past...and because I suck at showing emotion and reassuring people.   And now here I am needing reassurance.

I've never felt so cold, numb, or useless.  I've never trusted in someone this much.  I've never felt this down, scared, or hurt.

I've never felt this much pain from another person, even when my brother molested me...or my mom beat me.

I never wanted things to be this way... but at the risk of sounding emo, I really don't want to go on without her.   I have a bottle of pills, a knife, and a gun near me... and I just don't feel well.

I haven't slept in about 5 days, I haven't eaten in over 4.


As a final aside:  my real account is fairly popular on the site, I've helped a lot of people, I can't let people know that I'm hurting like this... not my friends or the people I help.   I'm trapped in this role that I never wanted to play... and now I just want out.