Have a plan, don’t have courage?It’s quite tough to put my thoughts all together, but maybe that’s the way to move it somehow. Since a long time I’ve been struggling with intrusive suicidal thoughts, what’s sometimes connected with more concrete plans, sometimes not. Of course in between there were a lot of periods where it wasn’t so bad, but I don’t feel saying it was good is okay.

I’m having a very good life, at least from the other’s people perspective. Good job in a cool place, nice living conditions, one could say I shouldn’t complain at all. But I feel since quite some time something is going wrong with me and I can’t bear it anymore. There is nothing very specific in my mind right now, that’s why it overwhelms me so much. Knowing exactly what’s the problem, I would just try to solve it. But I’ve been doing it for so long and just don’t feel it makes any sense anymore to try to chase this.

I’m not sure if I’m writing this as a call for help or just to let you know I have a plan. I tried to reach out for help, but I’m not from this kind of people having hundreds of friends everywhere.  I have a few of them spread across Europe, but only one in my neighbourhood. I had more, but at some point my behaviour was wrong and some of my relationships were just buried. My family also lives quite far away what makes our contacts more difficult. I really wanted to get some specialist’s help when I felt it still made sense but didn’t have enough courage to do this on my own. My friend rather ignored the fact I asked for help with reaching out someone, so I fixed my mind to thoughts it just don’t make sense and I should try to deal with it on my own.

Right now I just don’t feel anything. Last days were really tough for me, yesterday I went for a day trip, going out of town always helped me when I felt like my existence makes no real sense. I’m calling it "emergency trips". But it doesn’t help anymore. I don’t feel neither good nor bad things, it’s just nothing in my mind. Whatever happens, it has no impact on me.

The plan is simple, but the simpler, the better. Just a bridge. I should call the emergency to tell them there is something strange happening, but they can’t know I’m calling on myself. Otherwise, for sure they will try do discourage me. I don’t think I will cause much trouble to the people after that, for sure not more than I do now. I don’t even feel it will make a difference to many people around me. Probably for some of them it will even make everything better. Last days I cleaned up all my open projects so it will be as easy as possible for people to keep going. I don’t think there is anything else I can do to minimize the consequences.

I have no idea why I’m really writing this. Sorry for keeping it so long, I just wanted to put in here everything I was thinking about. Thanks and take care?