I'm trapped. And not even suicide is an option anymore. (TRIGGER WARNING)I'm posting here because I want to commit suicide. However, I can't do that without hurting others. Let me explain why first.

At first, the main issue was that I don't have friends that I see in person. Everyone who cares about me and texts me is just a bunch of words on a phone screen. People don't talk to me at school. I just go there, do schoolwork, and leave. I was just lifeless. And I thought I was depressed before...

Then, things got much worse. If you think what I'm about to say will trigger any PTSD, leave now. I was walking my nine-month-old puppy named Zach, and he slipped out of his leash. I was panicking, trying to call him and get him under control but he was running everywhere. He finally started to calm down after about two minutes and I was about to hook the leash back on him when a car came. He ran out into the street and got hit. The people in the car stepped out and watched the dog as I ran and got my mom. Mom left with them and took him to an ER.

The vets reported that he had suffered severe damage to one of his legs and that it would have to be amputated. I was just relieved that he was alive. My mom agreed, and they amputated the leg. Things were going to be ok, he would have three legs but he would still be able to run etc.

Then they discovered that another one of his legs was injured. Me and my dad went into the vet to see him, and he looked miserable. His emotions were just gone. He didn't even look up at us when we came in to see him. He wouldn't eat or drink. Half of his body was shaved, and there was lots of bandages and tubes attached to his body. He was suffering and we knew he wouldn't recover from this. So, through many tears, we decided to put him down and end his suffering.

Everything about my life sucks, I always make terrible decisions and I don't really have any potential. I would end my life without a second thought if it meant that I wouldn't be hurting anyone else. But I can't do that to my family. We get in a lot of arguments and they've been on my case a lot lately, and they can't seem to just leave me the fuck alone. But if I committed suicide, it would devastate them and my older sisters, both of which are in college (I'm 16M). It would also affect the people at my school... even if they don't care about me, knowing someone that committed suicide dampens things for everyone.

I have literally no options, and I'm forever stuck in a shitty situation.

