I promised my housemate that I wouldn't kill myself, but right now...I've posted here before, under a different throwaway. I don't know if that's a good thing or a bad thing. I don't know how close I am to killing myself right now, but I need to get this off my chest somehow.

A little more than a month ago I had one of those cry-for-attention breakdown near-suicides. A little less than a month ago, I moved out of my parents' house into the house where I had had this breakdown. One of the tenants of this house is the daughter of the landlord, so she's de facto landlord by proxy. For some insane reason, despite knowing how unbalanced I was, she agreed to rent me one of the spare rooms, on two conditions:

1. I keep stuff clean.

2. I don't kill myself.

For a while, I really perked up in the new space, but recently, I've been spiralling down. I try to keep up a sunny disposition, and I do clean, and take care of myself, and try my best not to be a burden to these people, but I still think they've started to resent me, and I don't know how much of that is my depression making me question any kindness shown to me, or just them getting tired of putting up with a freak like me.

I'm transgender, and I'm climbing up the walls waiting to get an appointment with the only psychologist in the province who can help me. I can't stand waiting, and I don't know how much longer I can take this, and in the mean time I feel completely alone because I don't know anybody I can talk to about this.

And I desperately want to talk to somebody, but I can't. Circling around my friends are those people who do spend all their time talking about their misery, and using it to manipulate and guilt trip people into feeding into their complexes, and I vow every day not to be like them, to make my issues into my friends' issues. Sometimes, when I want to talk, I see that my friends are happy, so I don't want to be a downer. And sometimes, they're miserable, and I feel like I would be a complete shit if I added my misery on top of their own.

And I can't focus, I can't work, and I'm stressing over the fact that I have no income, and I can't bring myself to work on my mountains of overdue term papers, and if I don't finish them right now I will probably fail all my classes, and I'm just fucking exhausted and angry and sad all the time, and I feel like I can't fucking take it and I need to scream and obliterate myself.

But I made a promise.