Hello, goodbye.The crushing loneliness that fills my heart whenever I lay down to sleep is immensely irritating. I find myself merely wanting the physical presence of another human to mitigate my sorrow, however I cannot imagine that any sane human being would even want to be near me. In my own eyes I'm worthless and the whole world would be better off without me in it. People have tried to change my mind, family, friends, therapists, psychiatrists, psychologists. All of them have failed because my self deprecation has reached astounding levels. Only matched by my apathy for any given situation. I go over silly little scenarios in my head where I meet someone and we fall in love and for that brief moment of delusion I'm happy but then reality sets in and my false happiness is shattered. So I've learned to fake my emotions, I've gotten pretty good at it. You could ask anyone who knows me and they would assure you that I'm the happiest person they've met. My mask has become near flawless. I have long since outgrown my fear of death. The real thing keeping me alive is my own aforementioned apathy. I've talked to strangers about suicide. They see it as selfish and cruel and can't see why I would want to do that to my loved ones. I however see those very same loved ones as the cruel ones. They want me to continue to suffer simply so they don't have to be sad about my death? Wasn't this life given to me? Can I not choose when and how to end it? I never asked to be born. I never wanted this life. I just want to sleep.

The more I think about it the more I realize that this life is completely pointless. Why chase happiness when I can just die and not worry about it? People are always searching for their reasons to continue living but I'm one of the few who have just simply stopped looking. I realized some time ago that everything that society teaches us is in the end goal of passing on our genetic code. We go to school to get an education. So we can get good paying jobs. So that we can show to the opposite sex that we're a worthy mate. I couldn't care less about if I had children or not. My family name will most likely die with me. I wouldn't be a very good parent anyhow. I have too much anger, too much hate, too much darkness. Any offspring I would create would be even more psychologically damaged than I am. The only thing I truly want is my own death. There is no doubt in my mind that I will die by my own hands. I've already seen myself die hundreds of times in my dreams, and each time I wake up not short of breath and covered in sweat but calm and smiling because my own death comforts me. Knowing that I'll be dead soon and that the loneliness and anger will no longer consume my entire being is such an amazing thought. I have only ever self harmed once in my entire life. Part of me regrets it, not because of the scars or looks I get when people see them, but because I see self harm as a crutch. I understand a lot of people do it and it makes them feel like their in control of at least something. Among other reasons. I however would rather harm myself to the point of my life ending. The fact that I didn't, in my mind, makes me weak. I also regret it because now that I have drawn my own blood, I have this constant need to do it again. Blood and I have a very loving relationship. To me blood is intoxicating. The smell, the sight, the sound, the touch and the taste. I love them all. When I see my blood I have to fight this dark urge to not tear my body apart in order to see more.