I don’t know what to say.For the past year and a half my partner and I have been fighting a false accusation of child abuse charges in Juvenile Court which has taken our child away from us. 

We found out through contacting experts and assessors that our child may possibly have an underlying medical condition (that we both have) that has caused fractures in our child’s body. The fractures found weren’t long bone, or what people generally think of when they hear the term “fracture.” They were small discrepancies between each of our child’s joints. The knees and the elbows. 

We’ve had doctors review our child’s medical records and x rays, to which they’ve found that they do not believe they were fractures at all, most certainly not abuse, but what appeared to be a collagen disorder. Through research this is something that we both found out, from the beginning, but then we had the reassurance of a doctor telling us this in a court room.

When it seemed like we’ve finally found the answer, we were wrong. The judge in the juv. court did not agree. The judge decided that one of us still abused our child, and that our child does not have a medical condition - despite the evidence that was found. 


We’ve been persecuted relentlessly, and have been told unless one of us admits to harming our child, then our child will not be returned to us. We’ve spent 10’s of thousands of dollars fighting this through doctor fees, legal fees, and are 10’s of thousands STILL in the hole. We barely get by month to month. The very bare essentials. 

Just recently we found out that along side our juvenile court case to which we’re still fighting in, we have after a year and half, finally had legal charges pressed against us. 

We now have a criminal case to fight for....

We’ve been talking to attorneys and friends and family, and in the process have been told that this is going to cost us exponentially more than we could have ever imagined. With the attorney fee(s), plus bail for jail for both of us alone - we’re looking at over 120k... the charges that were brought  against us according to the attorneys that’s at least 10k a piece for bond alone. 


This is something we only found out recently. And day by day, meeting by meeting, my self worth, my trust, my hope has diminished to nothing. The overwhelming amount of money everything costs... that we’re never going to be able to afford... the constant persecution of abuse that we didn’t do. I just don’t feel like it’s worth me being around anymore. I try to keep my focus on my partner... but it’s hard. Having to see them go through this, and see me struggle... and our child... our child is the only thing that has kept my eyes looking forward. But now saving them, and being a parent to them no longer looks like a possibility. 

Idk what to do, but I know that I don’t want to be here... I can’t afford to be here.... I don’t even know what the purpose of writing this out for strangers to read is even going to accomplish. I’ve prayed and prayed and I just don’t want to be here. 


