VentingWith everything going on in this world, I’ve just conditioned myself to hold back on venting as I felt perhaps it would be careless or insensitive of me to speak about my own personal issues whilst humanity is at the brink of collapse..

I don’t have anyone else to speak to, no significant other, no role model, no “go to” person... to everyone who does know me they’re convinced I’m perfectly fine when in all honesty I’ve been crying myself to sleep for as long as I can remember.

I’m 25, I’ve achieved success both academically and career wise.

At face value, no one would begin to think that I, a 25 year old male with 2 bachelor degrees, a full time job in his field while pursuing even more advanced levels of education. 

I’ve achieved the dream? So why is it that I can never go to sleep on time, why is it that I dread waking up every single morning and forcing myself as much as I can to not send that “I won’t be able to come in to work today” text to my boss.

I touch on any of my problems with anyone and I’m quickly hit with a “just be positive, be grateful, just eat better, everyone has problems” 

All of this has just made me avoid opening up and closing myself off completely.  

Who wakes up telling themselves they are going to be depressed today, who wakes up telling themselves that they should just shoot themselves in the head.. I DONT.

But unfortunately, this happens without my control and I'm forced to chow down medication that holds the symptoms off temporarily until its completely metabolized by my system and I'm back to square one feeling like a worthless piece of s**t

Ive tried a psychiatrist and hated it &amp; Im currently on medication which I also hate.

Just with Covid still quite prevalent in my city, no doctors are available for me to discuss alternative methods for controlling my ADHD and Depression. 

Thus I just bring my self here to see if anyone can offer any guidance, advice, tips or just anything because in all honesty it would be nice to just have someone tell me I'm not broken but rather subject to a completely different operating associated with my neurological makeup.