Long post. Tired of being me. I’m just done.Im exhausted. I literally can’t do it anymore. Anytime I am presented with a potential relationship, I fuck it up with exposing my feelings too soon. Ive tried all the online dating apps because I sure as hell cant meet someone the more natural way. I’m talking to this girl now felt like we genuinely connected and we were so engaged with each other but things are rapidly deteriorating. I can just sense that she will ghost me or call it a quits any day now. This girl was the last straw, I promised myself that even before we started to seriously talk. I’m done. I’m tired of being rejected. I’ve been flaked on way too many times now. It hurts so much, people have no idea. I see my friends on Instagram with their girlfriends and SOs and it just fills me with self-hatred. Why can’t that be me. I’ve never had a girlfriend and I’m 23. I just want to be loved. I want to hold someone close to me and cuddle with. I wanna tell them everything. I wanna smile with them, cry, laugh, do all these things but I just can’t. I fuck everything up. I care too much. I’m clingy. I’m desperate. No one wants me. I deleted all my online dating apps because I thought this thing with this girl was gonna work. But it’s not. I can just feel it. I’ve been rejected so many times where I can pick up on these things. I’m not gonna redownload the apps because i don’t wanna get hurt again like I’m getting hurt now. 

Don’t fucking tell me to work on myself because I have. Same results. And don’t you dare tell me that I need to be happy with myself because that sure as hell doesn’t fix anything either. I’ve tried therapy with a counselor. Nothing. I’ve tried neurological treatment. Nothing. Not lowering my standards so I’m guessing I’ll just keep complaining then. Hopefully it will bring me closer to killing myself honestly cause i sure am on the brink right now. Any advice you give me does not fucking work. I’m done. I really am done. I don’t wanna keep going. I keep getting hurt. I keep putting myself out there, I try, but nothing seems to work. I’m social, I’m funny, I like to think that I’m good looking, people tell me I’m handsome, but how genuine are they really being? I feel hideous. I wanna cry. I’m pathetic for wanting to kill myself because I can’t get a girlfriend. Hell, I can’t even hook up with anyone. I’ve tried that too and it just feels wrong. 

Smiling in public is a chore now. I have no reason to be happy. I have nothing to look forward to. I’m starting college back up again in a couple of weeks. I took a semester off because I failed all of my classes. I haven’t felt this way in over a year. I was doing so well. But women just fuck it up for me. I don’t know what it is about me. Ever since middle school I’ve been having women problems and it’s taken a toll. This is it. Like I said, she was the last straw. I know finding a girlfriend won’t fix all of my problems, but I think it would help. 

I’ve stopped eating these past couple of days, maybe I’ll eat one thing a day and that’s it. I just don’t care anymore. Everyday now all I do is drive around with no destination and listen to Mac Miller because that’s the one thing that I still enjoy to do. It’s somewhat therapeutic and keeps me sane. But as of recently, I’ve gotten tired of that too. Video games were an escape for me for a really long time but now I have lost interest. I can’t even talk to my friends anymore. They try to talk to me but I don’t say anything back. I have no energy to say anything. 

I have these dreams where I’m with someone that I love. But they’re just fucking dreams and that’s it. They vanish in mere seconds holding no value. I have these butterflies in my stomach that won’t go away. I have no nails because I fucking bite them all the damn time because of my anxiety. Wanting a girlfriend has consumed me to the point where I’m no longer myself anymore. People want the old me back but I just can’t. The anxiety of wanting to be in love has changed me. 

But no fucking more. I swear to you I’m done. I haven’t felt like this in over a year and when i did last year I didn’t do it because I still had hope. I have no hope now. For anything. 


