I am not gone yet but I don't know why/I can't cut deep enoughI am being poisoned (&amp; no one believes me) I am also taking overdoses and eating showergel, this is  without knowing about it, until after but at almost at the same time as the overdoses. At the time I take these overdoses or poison I think it isformaldehyde or something similar I do not know it is happening, it is not me doing it. Or is part of me, a fraction, blocked instantly by my fully aware mind. I didnot know I dissociated like this but apparently everyone else can but not me, I have to die because I can never get help. 

People are trying to kill me because they think I am a pedophile or that I am intentionally hurting other people. I am being threatened by someone that they will put childporn on my laptop if I go to the police or that they will put me in jail. Tney have killed my nan. They are threatening me about my mum &amp; dad. Someone is using me to have sex. I think my dad or someone else is raping me or something is happening around my dad's house.

I am hallucinating but they are using the hallucinations to program me to be a pedophile or so I do sex acts with my family. i.e/e.g whatevs I am watching the t.v, a male voice is talking to my dad telling him to imagine parting her lips, my lips. I want to spew to run away but I can't I am trapped. I hear no actual voice, it is hidden behind a colour, no voice but a male presence says that is a child now. Before nothing. No voice. No arousal. Now arousal. I think they are getting off on the fact they can abuse me like this. Apparently the strongest orgasm she has ever had. I am the pedophile now &amp; must die. 

They keep talking to me calling me a bitch, or a pedophile or asking what I did to cat (I do not know, which Cat?) If I drink wine then they are threatening me saying that they will be round with the poison late r (they have a wife) They have poisoned my family &amp; I think some of my friends too. They ask why I am not dead yet I think they are trying to kill me by giving me cancer but very slowly. I don't know why they would do this it is like a game or powerplay or some form of revenge.

 Everytime I try to get help it just makes it worse. I tried to get help from a worker at the hospital he said "just tell the voices/colours that you are a pedophile" - they announced themselves to me as pedophiles but now I see with however many turns even I will say that too. 

 I think some of them work at the hospital, with the police or on the 111 emergency line. Even the mental health practioners or psychiatrists do not want to help. 

I got a job &amp; moved &amp; they were even going on about it at work. My manager at work. Saying "you are a pedophile" plain as day. At fucking work. As if it was normal everyday whatever ""You. Are. A. Pedophile. "" like who even fucking says that??! Anyway I was off sick &amp; got fired because I couldn't cope with that amount of SERIOUSLY WTF DUDE DIDYOU JUST SAYINFRONT OF A WHOLE RESTAURANT OFPAYING FUCKI G CUSTOMERS!!!? 

I can't have my house because my housemate is in on it. I can't have my dog because I think I raped her or they want me to think I raped her on videophone. I want to live at my dad's but I can't because he talks to himself &amp; I think the above is actually happening the incest &amp; dog/me rape. Maybe he is poisoning me or letting them in whoever they are. Maybe it is Danny (an ex) as he has cameras everywhere in his house, was talking on the phone about this "cat" (but which cat?) I can't trust anyone but do anyway. Like a total dumbass. I think I am dissociating so that people think they can do this to me. 

Then I am sotting in a blue person but It is not cat it is daisy or lucy calling me a nasty bitch.

 I don't know why a person would say "if I get you again I will kill you" &amp; then there I am taking overdoses or eating shower gel without knowing about it. 

Wby am I not dead yet? I think that's all they want to know. 

I am also being injected, given needles, threatened with knives, guns &amp; have people coming into my house, maybe even feeding me cigarettes at their behest. Against my will as I am in a state of dissociation. Apparently I am a pedophile. But as many fucks as I have years doesn't count. 

The whole of facebook looks like it is set up against me. I had it drummed into my head by voices in hospital that I couldn't talk to facebook. I don't know if it means a person with *that* blue aura or typing things into facebook formy so called &amp; thusly isolated friends to not reply to. 

My phone types... I choose the middle word *tap* *tap* *tap* the 'random' words form scentences:

My phone is totally broken just have to wait till I get it now can you bring a spare hair band if you have a good weekend and I have the next day Idk what to do to appease them or get along with the poison (autocorrected gastroenterologist with poison) My phone is totally broken just have to wait till I get it now can you bring a spare hair band if it is male or female or human or whatnot I'm not sure about the after party with some random french festivals. My phone is totally broken just have to wait till I get it now can you bring a spare hair band if you have a good weekend and I have the next day Idk what to do to appease them or get along with the gastroenterologist soon so that might be worth a look. I don't know what if anything that even means. I thought they were giving me crack. The police said I was a catch. They said I was from the chase earlier. I am apparently racist now so when they laughed I called one of them a pakki. There is someone called nick, maybe the person whose voice I could hear, or maybe the guy at the hospital that said textbook &amp; pd problem &amp; made my nana have a stroke. Maybe there is a nick who is a policeman. Apparently there is a nick who is gay. Some orange &amp; white or beige person was either telling a story that I was the pedophile or that the poilice had caught the pedophile &amp; it was me. Funny how it doesn't happen in the ambulance. But they always want to put me in the police van. For show. For the story. If I am a pedophile then why would they need to threaten me with it in the first place? "I'm going to turn you into a pedophile if... blah blah blah" says a mans voice. Once it was for smoking. Another time for soending too long in the shower. Who has such power? 

But I never get it. So I must die. Now. Or in the night. Bleeding slowly into my mattress after my housemate comes in in the night to cut me some more after I make just 1 shallow cut.  Really get an artery this time. Well done my housemate. He is the stronger sex. The fitest. I shall die or else learnmy lesson. Learn my lesson this time. I want to know why I can't learn my lesson for somehow through all off this I am still alive. 

Or maybe I shall actually do as he/they like/want me too. Maybe I should be French &amp; classy &amp; throw myself in front of a train, for an audience. Adios world, I have been fat which was someone's dog apparently. I hold this blade wondering why I can't cut deep enough. &amp; I drank poisoned/tainted wine. But I am also so hungry I could just eat &amp; passout. 

Just another melodrama, the damage to my organs putiing me closer to death than the tiny blade resting in my closed palm "I wanked off a boy" reels through my head. "You made her come ******, you made her a pedophile" &amp; allnI can now think about is food &amp; my aching poisoned guts. If you wrote this before me then I am sorry that I stumbled upon your path to tell my tall tale of absolution &amp; revenge (not mine of course). They have got me, whatever I am so I will be dead soon "I must die now" so I guess a last meal or hospital visit is in order. Oh sorry, apparently "I am THE pedophile" so I can't get help, whatever that means, I don't understand. 

"The pedophile" perhaps they should call CNN &amp; BBC news. Maybe I should knock on doors down the street? Save them a job surely. They are still calling me the pedophile. 

As this is apparently a competion I will leave you now. I have my razor &amp; tainted wine. 

TL:DR I have a razor blade (from a good disposable razor) but my poisoner (see above) would rather see me suffer longer than be able to use it now. 