I(22) feel suicidal because of the abusive relationship I had with my parentsGrowing up, I was always made to believe that I am an unbearable and problematic child especially by my sister, and my parents ignored any kind of abuse I would recieve. "I bet your personality is so disgusting that you make the people around you hate you. I feel bad that your bullies even have to see you." "Shut the f up and stop crying so we can sleep". Always looking at me with disgust when I struggled. Believing I am lying and looking for attention. Any time I confronted them about it the answer would be the same. "We didn't mean it in that way honey, you just take everything too seriously". I started believing them, hating myself and thinking I'm useless.

Recently, after 22 years, I finally realized the abuse I have been through, that it is not normal and not my fault. And now it makes me extremely severed from reality. I feel like I don't know my personality, I don't know who I am, everything feels so lonely and painful.

I am fairly hardworking, really cheerful and positive during the day, and have a lovely and understanding lover. Yet at nights I feel extremely severed from reality and lonely. I do extreme amounts of useless spending just to feel connected to something, eating up all of my savings. Wake up crying in hysterics in the morning. I have never thought about suicide before due to guilt but it feels like I care less and less. Recently I had a horrible fit and my lover stopped me as I went to the kitchen to get a knife.

My family has been feeling guilty and trying to fix some of their mistakes in the past months, that only makes me realize the reality of their abuse and makes everything worse. Anything that reminds me of my sister sends me into a traumatic state.

I have a psychiatrist I see every other month but that feels so far away and few. I don't even know how I would explain myself, because it's still hard to believe the problem is not me. I don't know how to feel connected. My country doesn't have a suicide hotline, I really don't know what to do.