i told my mom i didn’t want to be here.kinda. she was talking about how she was kinda in despair and such and told her i felt like i didn’t want to be here because of relationship issues and dysphoria, as well as family issues. she doesn’t know that i have a set plan as to what i’d do to kill myself. she doesn’t know i’m actively thinking about doing it. she just knows i’m feeling suicidal. passive. but it’s active. my line is running thin. the days are nearing their end where i feel like i can continue to put up with this bullshit. when those days end, i will take my extension cord, put it in my backpack, and say i’m going to hang out with my friend. the night before i’ll put a bottle of pills in there too. i’ll go to the woods about three blocks from my house, where i often hang out with friends. i’ll go back a little bit, there’s a couple of trees i’ve picked out with accessible branches. i’ll take one of the tires or random scrap out there to use as a stool. you know what i’ll do with the cord and pills next. it’ll take everyone a few days to find me, but i might text a couple people just before. i’m getting to the point where i feel like i’m nearing my end but deep down i’m scared to leave my mother alone, and what would happen if i did end it. there’s many what ifs. but overall i’m just ready to get it fucking over with. i’m sick of the monotonous bullshit that my life is. i literally cannot see myself making it to adulthood. i’ve given up on my grades, i’ve grown distant from many friends. all i do is lay in bed and sleep, and for 5 hours a day i move to my desk and stare at my computer, supposedly in class. i’m in the class, i’m participating, but i’m not learning like i should be. we don’t have the money to move and there’s no way i’m going back to my towns school. but homeschool isn’t doing it. at this point i have no plans this summer except my mom might go to the mayo clinic and i might kill myself. im sick. i’m depressed. i’m alone. it feels like i’m in a video game, it’s going through all the motions and i’m not even making my own decisions. i’m just on autopilot. i get up, piss, feed the fish, make a bowl of lucky charms, go to my desk, sit down and open my class, sit and eat and try to retain info, go to lunch (spent in bed), go back to class, go to bed and nap for a bit, and maybe go hang out with my one friend, then go to bed. maybe eat dinner. that’s my schedule. and it’s fucking insane. on top of that my girlfriend won’t even talk to me for HOURS. and i want to leave, but she’ll hurt herself if i do.
i’m sick of this shit. i want out. i’m ready to get off the sick merry-go-round now.