Seriously considering it for the first time since I thought I was out of depression*Before I start, this is a throwaway account. I will be replying, but there's no tracing this, because the last people I want reading this are any people that may know me. If you recognise how I type, or what I'm going through, kindly don't mention it; if you really do care, and you believe you've figured out that I'm someone close to you, then either offer advice or leave, I don't need more stress, never mention it.*


I'm depressed, I'm going through a lot of stress related to getting my life started, and I genuinely don't see a reason to keep going past any motivation I try to give myself. The cliché story of my life is that I've always been that one kid that learns quickly, gets bored, gets hyperactive, and then realises he can't succeed because the system is made to help him fail in any way, shape or form. I live in a country where anyone straying from regular, memorisation-focused studying is destined to be at the bottom of the pack, and where mindless routine overpowers everything. I've been angling to move out using another citizenship of mine that my parents neglected to update, -- which was *so much fun* to renew over a decade late -- and after several years of planning, I've finally done it... I've been accepted into one of the biggest universities in the world, I'm only a few days away from leaving, and I'll have some financial support for the first month or so before my parents fully cut me off, what could go wrong?


Everything. The university accepted me late because of conditions they not only didn't tell me about, but that they *explicitly told me* I didn't need, then they decided to then tell me that I had to apply for a permit... That wouldn't be done (even if I'd started it the second I got my acceptance letter, which is a perquisite for said permit) until long after their deadline to get my courses. I emailed them about this, no reply, then I get an automated message... "We'll reply 7 days after August 4th", which is well after my deadline too. The deadline I'm appealing. The deadline that'll pass before they reply. I email another side of theirs, they'll take three days, but will reply much earlier, so there's that... I can get my rejection early.


In my excitement that something good was happening for once in my life, I accepted their offer letter before even receiving it, since they'd told me the maximum fees wouldn't exceed the budget my parents had begrudgingly set. They did. Woo. They more than doubled, in fact. I was told I'd be getting a scholarship, but whoop-ti-doo, I have to email them to get one, and guess when they'll reply? After the deadline. If the deadline passes and I haven't moved, received my student ID, and settled my courses, I'll have my entrance into the university revoked, and will have to pay the extortionate fees anyway, **yay!**


On the bright side, I can enter the country without a permit, but I have to get it before I can set foot on campus. I email them to ask about whether I can do this... "We'll reply in X amount of time", that's past the deadline. "Whatever, stay positive, this is what you've wanted", I console myself, "just look for a place to stay so you can get to them!" What a great idea, me! I look for a place, I find it, it's perfect, right near the university I'm going to, below my price range even, it's perfect! I email them, several weeks pass, no reply. Great, I'll go to their offices when I get there, but then I need to book a hotel/motel. I look for one, I find exactly one that's in the area and has WiFi (integral, as I need to have internet to keep filling out the paperwork I can only finish when I get there), aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaand it's outside my price range. My other option? Living about 15 km away and spend the money I'd save on transportation.


I'm sure there's someone reading this rolling their eyes at this spoiled little pompous brat, pretentiously posting on Reddit about his troubles while kids starve in the People's Republic of the Northern Congolese canton of the Philippine state of Thailand, but I genuinely could not give less of a fuck about getting guilt tripped at this point. Everything I've needed to get done was done as best I could do it, and it's still not enough. Deadlines overlapping, my parents -- who are not willing to pay what they paid for my sister -- being frugal, and having to start working already have all hampered me greatly thus far. Despite all of this, I've still gotten a lot of shit done, but why even bother anymore?


I can't find an apartment I can lock down before I get there, the only place near the apartment I want to get and my university is outside my price range, I'll have to take student loans I'll spend the rest of my life paying off, I have to work online because I can't apply for a work permit that'll be ready before I turn 21, *(Patreon eBegging, yay!)* and I've got to find a way to get my pets, the only thing keeping my depressed, autistic ass sane, over there. Oh, my mistake, *there's an embargo on moving pets out to just three countries from where I live, and one of them happens to be where I'm moving*. How much will it cost to get them out through another one? Oh, just the small matter of about $15,000. Welp, there goes having any company that I can stand and that won't be a burden on me before I'm at least 6 months into my stay, if I save up well enough; if I even make enough money to survive.


I was going to this particular country because it'd be perfect for me: my other citizenship gives me several months unchecked there, it uses a currency readily available from both countries I'm a citizen of, it's comparatively safe, it's got the university of my dreams, it's all within my price range... And it's borderline impossible for me to get there in time unless some serious deadline-pushing occurs, or I get some kind of angel investor to give me free money somehow; knowing my luck, that investor would then make me fellate them (or whatever equivalents) for the rest of my natural life over it. Oh, and there's the small matter that after picking this country, *cue sobstory music*, I met a girl that I fell for as hard as I can imagine, and got immediately turned down and sent to the dreaded friend zone. Woo. She'll be my one source of comfort if I somehow end up getting there, but even then, I can't help but think that nothing is worth it for me anymore.


The degree I want is near-worthless unless several unlikely things go exceedingly well for me, which doesn't often happen. My love life is in shambles, and having been cheated on several times, I'm not about to start looking again. My financial situation is going from meh to absolute shit and eBegging for the next 4-5 years, plus working my gonads off so I can get both a degree and a paycheck, perhaps also a protein bar... And my best friends, who happen to not speak any human language, but who I have a schizophrenic-level bond with that makes me look insane (or cute, depending on your gender) can't come with me for another half a year, unless I take an even bigger loan that'll last a couple centuries more.


**TL;DR: I'm getting so sick of life that I've resorted to posting it to Reddit while I ponder how the most sure-fire way of killing myself without a firearm is.**


~~*P.S.: While it's breaking the rules, PM me if you know of a great method that would ensure a 100% (or at least 99%) chance of death, hopefully quickly.*~~ *(Thank you, anonymous stranger.)*

**I've been dissuaded from it, at least for the time being. Thanks to /u/notnac9 and some help from a few other people.**