So much has happenedHello,

I am 18 years old and have been feeling very lost in this world for the last five years. I suffer from social anxiety and depression. I've been to a lot of therapists (never voluntarily) but so far nothing has worked. And to be honest, I have given up hope recently. My issues are just too deep inside to resolve. So much has happened over the years, and I think about those things a lot. I am trying to vent a bit here, I hope that's okay. The last weeks I've been feeling suicidal.

The first traumatic event was being surprised by police and handcuffed at 6am because a judge decided it's neccesary after I didn't visit school for 2 months because of my social anxiety, I literally couldnt breathe and I'd break down every morning. There was also a creepy social worker always coming by and trying to get me to school, he was there almost every other day  and I was so scared of him. I am pretty sure I got PTSD from him, because I have almost daily nightmares about him chasing me and I almost enter a panic attack when I hear a knock on the door or the door bell rings.

I also tried to escape the locked psych wards a few times, one time I got away and hid in the woods. I just couldnt stay in the psych ward anymore, there were so many people and so little privacy, I was extremly scared. Well, it started to rain and even hail. It turned night and I almost froze to death because I didnt find the way out again. It ended with me calling police and asking them to pick me up... Back to my personal hell I went.

My mum also kicked me out a few times, I just stood in front of the door for hours begging her to let me in, but she turned the TV all the way up and didnt let me in so I slept under a bridge and the next day she let me in again because I didnt have any money or water on me.

She also made a secret appointment for social workers to come get me and put me in a group living house with tons of other mentally ill and unwanted kids, that'd be hell for me but yeah, they forced me in their car and drove me there. When we arrived I jumped out and ran, just ran for miles. I was so scared. I slit my wrists on a piece of glass I found and was hospitalized and they realized that that place probably isnt good for me.

Another traumatic event is me getting into drugs and especially heroin. I overdosed on christmas eve. Upstairs while my mum yelled for me to come eat turkey dinner. She didnt even notice I was very close to death, she was used to me not responding. When I woke up my fingers were very cold and blue, my chest hurt, I couldnt walk, couldnt see, couldnt talk properly. I just said I had the flu or something because I didnt want to make my mum worry, she, to this day, doesnt know I use drugs.

It honestly breaks my lil heart, she only ever wanted to help me, she loves me, she cares, but her ways to show it werent the best. Nowadays I live in my own little apartment which she is paying for (because she "kicked me out" again) and yeah, we don't really talk, just small talk. My anxiety and depression has never been worse before, nothing will change and I will probably commit suicide in the near future, maybe only next year, but I think it will happen. I can't cope with everything that has happened.

Thanks for reading