I don't want to die.  But it seems my only real option now.I am sorry if this is long and unreadable.  I'm not sure what I'm hoping for in posting this.

I know I am nothing more than another gloomy voice in a sea of thousands, and I have nothing original to say about my plight that hasn't already been said by countless others in the past.

I find myself here because I don't wish to die.

I find myself here because I do not wish to continue on like this.

I find myself here because finding the courage to end my life seems to be my one remaining avenue through which I can exert the power to change this miserable state.

I have been chronically ill for over two decades.  More than half my life, now.

Ill enough to prevent me from having a normal life.  Ill enough to keep me dependent on my family.  Not ill enough to keep me bed-ridden, or in some kind of vegetative state where the realities of my existence don't plague me every second I draw breath.

I have chronic pain.  I have persisent issues with concentration; thinking coherent thoughts often feels like trying to do complicated math in your head while someone is yelling at you with a bullhorn next to your ear.  Physically, I feel like my gas tank is always empty.  Dragging myself through my life, struggling with things healthy people wouldn't imagine being a struggle.  I feel as if I can only live minute to minute, assessing what I can and cannot do ~right then~ and then only.  There is no calm.  There is no peace.  There is no rest.  There is only unending uncertainty and constant frustration and disappointment.

Almost a year ago, I lost a relationship that meant the world to me.  It was a long relationship, over a decade.  It seemingly ended abruptly, with no explanation, no communication.  Out of character in the most extreme way possible, she treated me like as if I suddenly never existed.  Like as if I was a thing that never meant anything to her.

The loneliness I am experiencing in this vacuum is crushing me.  I never told her I needed her in order to feel normal, to feel hope.  I didn't want that kind of pressure put on her.  But I realized that having her in my life dulled the pain of my limitations.  Made it all seem worth the struggle.  Knowing someone else cared.  Someone else loved me, wanted me, despite the things I could not change.

Having found her at all was a once in a lifetime thing.  The odds surmounted were incalculable.  I could spend a lifetime trying to get lightning to strike me a second time.

The only friends I have remaining are online.  I value them far more than they do me.  I cease to exist when their PCs turn off.

I am lonely.  Soul-crushingly lonely.  I see no way to find what I'm looking for, what my heart screams at me that it needs.  Like some kind of cruel joke of life, I've been given the desire, the need, for a connection with another... but no way to find it.  Unless I wish to pin all my remaining hope to luck, chance.. and time.

I hate being a burden to my family.  Financially if nothing else.  I hate hearing of the worry they have for me and my uncertain future.  Who will take care of me?  What will happen to me?

I hate having never lived like a normal adult.  Feeling perpetually infantilized by this existence that I did not choose.  I hate being a man that has little power of achieving what he wants or needs out of life.  Feeling as if the only path left to me is to be this docile, reactive creature that waits.  Waits for time to pass.  Waits for something good to come.

Waits.  And waits.  Watching myself age.  Watching my family grow older around me.  Wondering what the endgame is to any of this.

Alone, with half a lifetime of memories I don't know what to do with.  Haunted by the phantoms of good times long past.

I want the pain to stop.

I want to be alone no longer, but wonder if I even have anything to offer anyone, anymore.  No one wants to take on a human anchor.  A dependent.  No matter how much love &amp; companionship that person--I--could give, it's just not enough.  I'm sure of it.

Dying seems the only sensible option left to me, assuming I could even find a way to do it without mistake.  Without pain I couldn't endure or push through.

It may not make me happier.

But at least it would be something I could control.  And perhaps even give some peace to those around me, such that they will no longer have to worry, or wonder, what they will do with me.

I don't know how much more fight I have in me.

There seems no point in pushing anymore.