Genuinely don't think my life is worth anything to anyone now. 2016 has steadily gotten worse and worse through the entire year.Last year I was on a bit of a downer due to hating my job, but nothing major. Things briefly looked up for a bit right at the start of 2016, but sudden changes at work led me to hating it more than ever. Only reason I didn't quit on the spot was fear of a lack of income and having financial responsibilities. I jobhunted relentlessly for 9 months, and finally got a new job back in June.

I was so excited. Nervous, but so happy to finally find something new. However I very quickly started to struggle with the work, and even now I still feel like I can't keep up, and I'm not contributing anything useful. The work I was expecting to do was changed abruptly too less than a month after I started, which hasn't helped.

On top of all this, I've been struggling with a 4 year relationship for most of this year that suddenly hit rock bottom at the end of July. I definitely could have done with a break before then, but I was finally pushed too far and couldn't take it anymore.

I very quickly however found a love interest through a temp at my job. It might not have been the best idea but I hadn't pushed for it, we just sort of gravitated together naturally. Now we're facing a challenge of a very long-distance relationship, and at times recently she'll start avoiding and ignoring me for stretches of time. Like if I message her, she'll go offline.

I'm really struggling to read the situation, and I can't really get a clear answer from her. When she does start talking to me again, she won't talk about the silences. If I bring it up, it'll be ignored.

She has been the one good thing I thought that had happened to me in a long time. Now I just don't know if she's still into us or not, or what is going on really. My old relationship left me exhausted and depressed, and for a long time afraid to do anything about it due to the threat of self harm from her. Now I don't know if I'm setting myself up for getting too invested in this new relationship for nothing, but it's the only thing I have to look forward to.

I have genuinely been expecting to get fired or let go anytime for at least the last 2 months now, as I'm still getting nowhere with improving my work. I'm seriously reconsidering my entire career because of this, but it's all I know. I wouldn't even know where to start approaching a new career, and I don't think I can hack the one I've spent my whole life dreaming about and training for.

I don't have many friends, and none I could really call close friends. I'm always the outsider. The extra who is sometimes remembered. I've never been a first choice for anything or anyone really. It's pretty much the same with my family. I stay quietly in the background.

I don't think I'd be able to actually commit to suicide due to an incident in my past where I once strongly came close to it. But I've never felt so worthless or as isolated as I am right now, even comparing to back then. I can't sleep, and will just randomly break out crying if the wrong thought enters my mind. Until recently, I don't think I've cried for years. I actually thought I was getting a bit... emotionally detached from everything, which is probably how I coped. I really want this new relationship to work though, it's the first time I've felt something real, and exciting, for a long time.

I hate who I've turned into. I was always a bubbly and friendly kid when I was younger, until my confidence was shot in my teen years. Despite that though I always lived my life full of optimism. The one time I faltered only made me follow that even stronger. I always believed something better was waiting for me.

I hate that I've now lost that optimism in the last year or so. I've been betrayed, or cast aside, or forgotten about one time too many, and now it just hurts. I try to stay positive, and never let my personal troubles show through. I just always smile and tell everyone I'm doing great.

I don't know if this is specifically the right subreddit for this. I've never felt so bad before that I wanted to actually reach out or something. I really don't think I'll do anything, but I've never thought so strongly about it.