Abuse? I'm Not Allowed to Be Scared.I have no one. I have pretty much been suicidal since I was a teenager. My first thoughts of suicide were when I was fourteen, but a friend cared enough to slip a little note in my pocket and it somehow helped and I decided instead to fight to make my life better. So I contacted my dad whom I hadn't spoken to in three years and moved in with him the next day. My mom was batshit insane and of course proceeded to give all my stuff to goodwill because I was rude and didn't deserve my things. Later, my dad's new wife decided I was a threat to her and she made him choose between her and me. He chose her. Got kicked out and lost my scholarship. He still won't talk to me to this day except to laugh derisively on speakerphone with her within hearing. So it's no use. Um, I ran away to a foreign country and married the supposed guy of my dreams and spent three years being yelled at for being sad. Eventually attempted my life and he rolled his eyes and called the ambulance when I started having seizures. Didn't visit me in the hospital. Around that time my mom died of a cancer she made everyone promise not to tell me about so I had no idea she was dead until she was buried. Became and stopped being a Jehovah's Witness, thereby losing anyone and everyone I had in my life both ways. Husband tried to order two kilos of marijuana in my name, it was fun being interrogated in a foreign country. He never got in trouble. Ran off to a complete stranger to get out of the bad marriage and back to the US, he was just as bad. He has to not only yell at me for being sad but make sure I am properly in my place before he'll smile. The house gradually turned into a druggie house, and one chick even overdosed on heroin and died. Now there's two crackhead heroin addicts still. Spent a year afraid to leave the house and peed in a cup to avoid contact since they were abusive and I'm an easy target. 

Got a boyfriend. Something was off. He assured me I was wrong. Now I'm living with him. I have nowhere to go. Today, in my normal state of absolute terror I misstepped and he got terrifying but he didn't hit me. He says he wouldn't. He's always terrifying. Breaking things, cursing, tearing me apart verbally, paranoid, and highly defensive and upset. Today he said I was being rude and he hates being disrespected. I most of the time just shut down and say nothing at all, because there are no right words. And that enrages him to no end. 

I was suicidal today. I put on a smile and he traipsed off to the gym. He knew something was wrong so he kept calling me and texting me but I managed a smile and picked up. 

For some reason I haven't done it. I don't know why except that I fear not succeeding and being totally conscious, totally paralyzed, in a bed, with zero control over my life. 

I was certain I'd attempt my life today. But I don't have pills. Nothing he has is enough. I could get drunk, he likes me when I'm drunk so we have alcohol. Every day is fear unending. And I have no one in the world. I have no sense of self-worth. I have no ability to care for myself. I am trying to get SSI because of the horrible fear and panic I feel on a normal day. I can't be in society. I'm not a person anymore.

I just want it to end. But it won't. The pattern is, my life is always going to become more unbearable. I don't trust suicide. Suicide itself will fail me and I'll be worse off. But I want to just be done with it. It's been years since I was a human being anyways.