Update: I'll be on medication soonThis is an update from [My Last post](http://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/apdlk/how_can_a_person_live_with_no_money/).  Today I went in for a psych eval to see if medication would be helpful (working with my therapist).  I've been prescribed Lamictal and Vyvance.  The doctor didn't diagnose me with anything, merely acknowledged I have symptoms of Bipolar disorder and ADD.  This isn't surprising based on our discussion.  I don't really think I am bipolar (certainly depression), but I did describe a mild high stage I went through a few weeks ago where I was quite a bit more sexual (never engaged in sex with anyone- just spent a lot of time in chat rooms online), and spent a bit more at the store than what I wanted (I'd go to the grocery store to buy one or two things, but ended up buying stuff I had plenty of, such as peanut butter or bread... not a big deal since I like to keep those in stock).  I didn't tell her about my mild hallucination I've had a few times, where it's like I'm getting raped (I'm a gay guy, it's as if I'm being anally raped).  That's just too difficult for me to talk about.  It's incredibly embarrassing, and doesn't happen too often.  I'll start the Lamactil tonight, and the Vyvance sometime within the next few weeks (it'll take some time to get everything set up).  Both of these are provided to me for free (thankfully).  I've been hesitant about medication in the past, but right now am much more concerned about just trying something (especially with my possible ADD).  I'm incredibly tired of feeling stupid for reading things and not absorbing the material or feeling lazy because I keep putting off doing things.

Thanks to everyone for your help in my last post.  I'm still trying to figure out what I'll be doing, but hopefully my medication will help (especially the Vyvance).  In the meantime (while I'm getting adjusted to the medication), I still have no clue as to what I'll be doing, but this gives me a bit hope.