Recently attempted suicide and a friend who cut off contact has suddenly messaged me. How do I handle this situation?This is a throwaway account because some of my friends are aware of my reddit username.

I recently attempted to commit suicide for the first time and it was easily the worst week of my life. In the space of 3 days I had my first experience being resuscitated in the back of an ambulance and a police car taking me to a psychiatric hospital. My attempt also caused problems for my physical health; I couldn't walk, I was chronically fatigued and I had problems with my heart.

My friends sent me messages when they found out what happened including the guy in question. I didn't have the energy or mindset to communicate with anyone and just wanted to shut myself away. I slowly opened up to 2 mutual friends who are more mature and experienced mental health issues. He abruptly stopped communicating with me and when my friends sent me a card, it struck me that this his name wasn't on it. When I went back on social media, I noticed he unfriended me and this was 3 weeks after my attempt.

I told my 2 friends about what happened and apparently he resented that I was talking to them about MH issues instead of him. He believes that I'm obligated to tell him things because I met others through him but he's also immature, doesn't understand MH and I didn't feel safe sharing deeply personal &amp; traumatic things. It got stranger because another grievance he had was that I don't follow him on twitter and just to clarify he does have a social media addiction he denies. At first I felt indifferent because it was so soon after my attempt and I had to convince myself he wasn't worthy of my time and friendship. I later developed simmering anger but that's probably due to the slow rate of recovery and how he behaved.

2 weeks ago, he sent me a message and a friend request (after 3 months of no contact) asking what I was up to and how I was feeling. He then talks about himself and attaches an article asking me to read it, as if nothing had happened. It annoyed me more that he said he hoped he didn't offend me in anyway.

This is where I feel conflicted, I was told my mutual friends that he said he wanted to kill himself on social media but now he's taken a break. What if he's very immature &amp; incapable of handling difficult situations and his own MH situations may have played a part. A part of me is still raging at him but I'm trying to be more empathetic since my suicide attempt.

I'm stuck on how to approach this, please help.