You don't have to read thisSorry in advance for any mistakes. I'm on mobile and tired as all hell since it's currently just before 2 am. 

All my friends are out celebrating the end of a decade, and I'm curled up on the couch wishing I was dead. My meds stopped working awhile ago so I stopped taking them. I havent told my psychiatrist or my therapist, let alone my parents. I feel like I'm falling back into the horrible place I was at when I was at my worst. 

6 months ago, everything was amazing. I was feeling better than I had in years. Now, I'm back to... This.

Over the summer, my dad finally let me try my temps. I started dating an amazing guy. I was getting closer with my friends. I was happy.

The school year started and things started going downhill. I was overwhelmed with work, I was taking out my stress on those around me, I was overall being a shitty person. I realized that after since people pointed it out to me and I started trying to fix that, trying to figure out a better way to release stress. I've always kind of been a person to lash out (not physically, but I definitely raise my voice) at others, which I've really got working on with my therapist. I felt like I had made so much progress from this time 2 years ago (when I was at my worst). 

Flashforward to exams. My stress is through the roof. The week before I told everyone close to me to pretty much brace themselves, cuz even though I've been able to handle stress better, I knew that exams were going to push me to my limit and that I might end up resorting back to my asshole-like ways. I apologized beforehand and told everyone that I was really going to try and not get too bad (I really did try) but that there's about a 90% chance I'll have a breakdown and end up being, well, a bitch. Friends said ok, boyfriend said ok, sisters said ok.

Second day of exams and I'm at my limit. I go to my therapists office at school and one of my friends decided to bring all of my close friends and boyfriend up to comfort me... That went badly... I pretty much yelled at all of them, broke down, cried, bitched, allllll that good stuff. 

After my little "event" we decided to go over to Mike's (all names will be fake names btw) and Jason's (boyfriend) house, like we usually do. So, at the house, it's me, Nicole, Mike, Jason, Grace, and Mike's parents/older brothers (situation is a little weird, Jason moved in with Mike after some stuff, but they aren't brothers). I decide to take a nap and hopefully sleep off some stress, Mike n Jason get on the Xbox, Grace and Nicole do something (idk I was sleeping). When I woke up I apologized to everyone again for my freak out.

Couple days later, I'm still a mess, but I've managed to not yell again (which is good for me tbh). I'm really trying to make it up to Jason because he has issues with too much negativity, and obviously I've been rather negative. I probably said stuff along the lines of "now that exams are over I won't be as stressed, so I won't be freaking out. Sorry, I know you hate when I'm like that." About a million times. That night, he breaks it off. I knew it was going to happen, but it still really hurt...

Since Jason and Mike live together, and we really only hang out at their house, I pretty much isolated myself from my friends for about a week. I've only seen them once this entire break, while we usually hang out every other day, if not more. I've tried every day to not do anything to hurt myself, though it's been kinda tough, and I can't say I've succeeded every day.

I'm mostly over the breakup I think, though I've only seen him once since, so I can't guarantee that I am until after school starts up and I have to see him every day...

I completely understand why he broke up with me. I pushed the line. There's no reason he had to stay with me that weren't for me if that makes sense. (I'm really bad at wording things, sorry)

Okay, done with stupid relationships. Whatever, ya know?

My great uncle missed both Christmas and Thanksgiving this year, missed Christmas last year and had to go to the hospital again last Thanksgiving after being at our house, and he missed the Christmas the year before too. He's the only relative who ever has celebrated holidays with us, really. He's sick (not sure exactly how, I just know that he's fallen alot, is really losing his memory, and has been in and out of the hospital alot) and probably won't be getting better. I missed the last holidays with him when he was healthy because I was hospitalized. I can't ever forgive myself for that. He showed up for Thanksgiving 2 years ago, and for the first time, I wasn't there. He got really sick before that Christmas. I still feel like I missed out on so much because of me being stupid...

My depression has come back and hit me hard. It's a struggle to get up in the morning (or more accurately, the afternoon) even when I've got nothing stressful to do that day. I want to sleep the day away. I want to sleep my life away. No dreams. No idea of consciousness. Just nothing... 

I want everything to just... Stop? I don't even know anymore. I'm just so exhausted. That's probably like a classic "I'm depressed" line but I really don't care at this point.

I've lost someone I loved because of my own stupid mistakes. I've pretty much cut off my friends. My reliance on science's concoctions to keep me going has failed me. I've missed that one chance of seeing someone not sick for the last time. I've torn others down for pretty much no reason. I'm falling back into my depression. I don't know what to do. I guess this is just a rant or just a way to get everything off my chest before I do anything else. I really don't know what I'm going to do now.

It's just after 3 am now. I'm sorry for such a long post. If you actually read it all then... Well, sorry for wasting your time.