No one can give me an answerFor when it will get better. They just keep repeating it like it will eventually hold some meaning even though their words are completely hollow.

I've finally stopped asking.
I've stopped asking myself a lot of things. All it does is regurgitate the same pain over and over while continuously getting harder to swallow it all back down.

I. Am. Done.

I'm done reaching out to have people stifle my words. I am done trying to show people that I do care for them when I constantly slip their minds. I am done having my struggles diminished because "there's always someone that has it worse than you" (how does this statement help put anything into perspective about needing to be grateful? I DO have it worse than a lot of people and why would I be okay and comfortable thinking that there are people who have it worse than me? I empathize for them, as well.) I am done struggling day to day with even basic human interactions, even with family I've known my whole life. I am done keeping a strong facade of navigating through the bullshit. I am done being told I'm cared about when I ultimately always end up alone and hurt.

I am done TRYING. I am done with never progressing. I am fucking done going to therapy and trying to get more medications pushed on me. I am done being in mental and physical pain constantly.  I am done watching the people who I love the most in life having their patience worn down by me.

I am done. I am so, so very tired and done.

I don't think I'm going to bother to write any suicide notes because my words seem to hold no meaning. They will think what they want, they will twist it to how they want to see it. I finally know what method to use. I know where to do it. I have a pretty good idea of when. 

Most people will claim they didn't see it coming even though it feels like I've been waving around a giant lit up sign while screaming for anyone to just fucking notice me. I'm already invisible, i might as well make it concrete.

I wish you all inner peace and hope you all end up better than me. 

I can't live this "life" anymore.