I don't knowBronson.D.Gallina
Just my thoughts

For years i have been depressed but only a few times have ever been truly close to you what. but ever since this quotients this feeling  are only stronger and persist for longer stretchs of time. in school the thought would pop up, but people or songs of the class would help me  shake the thoughts away. now at home i most relia on myself to change my thoughts. so at the beginning of this quarantine I started working out nearly every day so my body would produce more dopamine but as the ones continue I feel like my body is building an immunity to the natural dopamine I'm producing and is becoming less effective. now the main reason I work out is just to feel the muscle burn which gives me at least another emotion to feel besides nothingness,sadness and the bursts of happiness i wish I could linger on for longer. I constantly have earbuds or headphones on because I would rather feel my head with the thoughts or sounds of other people than rather have my mind fill up myself.i would say my depression is a butterfly effect, it started in first grade went i was held back before I was held back i at least try to be one of the friendly kid,  you know the one that was friends with everyone. But after I was held back I no longer try to make friends and even if I made some i always lose them either  purposely or subconsciously. i first time I ever attended to kill myself i would say i was eigth or nine amd i hid failed some test and had to go to a karate class. I remember grabbing the karate blet and was going to use it but I couldn't find a place to use it. the next time I remember was freshman year i find a bottle of pills from when my brother broke his leg. I take 5 of 6 but the pill were excited so nothing happened ,lucky me. it like i try or want to think like this or take this actions. but it more like it is part of me to think this way. i know it sounds like i want everyone pity but I don't that why I have ever told everyone. well that's a lay I constantly trying to tell people. but I can only say it in a sarcastic way.