I'm posting this again, please, help me. I need help. I don't think I can handle this anymore

Hey. You can call me Ella. I'm brazilian, 18 y/o.

\&gt;Sorry if I misspelled anything.

I live this nightmare since I was born. My mom and dad abandoned me when I was just a baby. Since then, I live with my godfather and godmother. I love my godmother like she was my biological mother, but my godfather is really abusive. He always assaulted us, and it just got worse when he drinks. I remember everything he has done. I remember him assaulting my dog with its bowl of food. I remember him almost strangling my cat, and I was just a fucking child. I had depression, almost killed myself multiple times. As I was growing up, he stopped with physical agression, but never stopped the verbal ones. He broke things in house, he messed things up on purpose, among many things. Today, he threatened to hit my godmother, and I just stayed in my room, crying a lot, thinking that I can't handle it anymore. I was strong all my life to protect my godmother, but I can feel my strenght going away. I want to run from home. I want to live my life, I need to be free. I need a life that I can be happy. Please, tell me what can I do. I have no money, I have no job.. I need help. I cannot handle this pain anymore.

\++++ It hapenned again. He did assault us, he had a knife this time. I feared for our lifes. I followed what you guys said to me in the last post, and I called to the police. They came, but she didn't want to go against him, so the police officer couldn't do anything for us. I already cry so much.. I just can't handle it anymore.

He told me some shit I didn't know about myself: he told me that my dad didn't want me when I was born, and my mother tried to suffocate me until death with a pillow, but the neighbors showed up, and they didn't let her do it. My world is devastated. The thing is: I need. Money. I need money to get the fuck out of here, rent some place to me and my godmother. I'll look for a job tomorrow, and I won't stop until I find one. But I need it asap, He can kill us next time, as he almost did today. So, I create an account on paypal. I'm selling drawings, and I accept any donations. Like, literally anything help.

Look on instagram for my drawings : [https://www.instagram.com/viridi.um/?hl=pt-br](https://www.instagram.com/viridi.um/?hl=pt-br)

Contact me on instragram if you want to buy a drawing from me. You'll need an account on Paypal

If you want to donate anything to help us move, please contact me. Here, or instagram. You must have an account on Paypal to do it, but is an easy and safe way to help.

If you can't help me with money, please, send me messeges, good energy. If you believe in any god, prey for me. Thank you so much.