Just wanted to talk to somebodyI don't know why I feel like this any more, but tonight I am wondering why I am still alive and the thought of it is just eating at me and I just can't stand it any more.   I've tried to kill myself before and came very close to it, and I don't want to go back there.  So I'd just like to talk to somebody about it.

People think I'm a happy person who has lots of friends and is content with himself.  I go to parties, hang out with a lot of people; I'm 20 years old, attractive, have a beautiful and wonderful girlfriend who I met recently, and lucky to be creative, artistic, and intelligent and to be going into the spring semester at a good university.  And I guess I should be happy, but I'm not.

On the inside, I've always felt differently; Since I can remember, I've always been shy and withdrawn from everything and lived in small thoughts and dreams in my head.  Everyday I am paranoid about the people who care about me, and scared of even making eye contact with people who I don't even know.  I'm scared of the world around me and don't want to face things a lot of the time.  I feel no self worth any more, and have no self confidence.  I stand up in front of a class and shake and can barely talk.  Every day I walk from here to there, quickly and quietly.  I find myself enjoying the silence and the solitude of things more and more.  And every day, I honestly feel the world's an empty place, and wonder whether its really worth trying to go on.

I guess there are some positive things to look at.  I survived the worst year of my life, and maybe it's just luck but I don't know.  All the drug and alcohol abuse last spring tore me up, physically and mentally, and I lost sight of things. When I failed my classes I went back home, the last place I wanted to go.  Both of my parents are unemployed, my family can barely make ends meet, and we almost lost our house this summer;  It was a very unhappy and stressful place to be.  I was supposed to get a job, but I got fucked up all the time, and didn't.  I had no money and nothing to do for two months but watch my family fall deeper and deeper into poverty and despair.  Every day and night in a spare room on an inflatable mattress I'd lay in bed, listening to music and stare at the ceiling for hours, alone.  After a month without seeing or talking to anybody, I stopped eating, stopped sleeping, stopped caring.  I decided, as a staunch atheist, I had no moral qualms about suicide, and one day, I decided I didn't care about living any more and was going to die.  

I started taking acetaminophen pills and In the course of a day and a half and 30 pills in, I overdosed and my parents found me barely alive on the floor and took me to the hospital.  From there I went to a mental institution, got pushed in and out of there.  Gradually I got back on my feet with the help of my parents and looked forward to going back to school and making a fresh start in life.  

At the end of summer, I broke things off with my ex, and said that I needed to sort things out before we could get back together.  I got my shit together and prepared for school.  But I quickly started slipping back into the things that had dragged me down before.  See, people's image of me as a happy person usually comes from the parties where I am so fucked up that I actually believe that I'm having a good time, and so I can be outgoing and fun.  I went back to drinking heavily and partying, sometimes for days on end.  I also went back to smoking cigarettes, and was laying down about 2 packs a day.  
While all this was going on, I was supporting myself on about $100 a week.  All my money was going to cigarettes and alcohol, and I starved myself; literally.  Some days I wouldn't eat.  I remember a time when I lived off peanut butter and water for days in a row.  I became a human skeleton and stopped caring all over again.  I didn't shower, I didn't brush my teeth, I didn't try to keep anything clean, I didn't take care of myself.  It didn't take long for things with my ex to spiral even farther downward.  When she broke up with me on the night before my first final, I didn't feel anything.  It was weird having the one person I actually talked to and knew I really could count on gone from my life; It was even more strange at the time that I wasn't more shaken or thrown over the edge by the whole thing.  I didn't sleep, and I went through to the end of the semester and back home, half dead and in a haze.  

Over the break this winter, I quit cigarettes, gained back some weight, and discovered that somehow, for some insane unknown reason, my GPA had gone up and I wasn't going to flunk out of school all over again.  Things seemed better.  I had the tiniest sliver of confidence that things would be better, it was a new year, a new chance.

So here I am now, trying to stay away from the wrong things, trying to be the right guy for a girl I love dearly, but I'm feeling more and more detached from the world around me than ever.  My girlfriend wants me to go to a psychiatrist and I plan on talking to one tomorrow.  She's been through the same things as me (and its helping a lot to have somebody who's as wonderful and beautiful as her there for me) and I think talking to a psychiatrist will help too.  But tonight my mind is eating me alive.

I know I have everything going for me, but everything still feels as fucked up as ever inside.  Thanks for listening reddit.  Sorry to waste your time.