Sorry just ventingYour all beautiful people, even if you don’t realise it. Please stay safe, I’m so proud of you and how far you have come. i mean that with my whole heart.

Sorry I just have no one to talk to and I really feel like just venting, you can ignore this.

Im so sick of being alive, I hate it more than anything. I have to get up and go to school and pretend like everything is fine, my friends don’t know about me being suicidal or that I self harm or that I’m depressed. I’m always so animated at school, and it’s so fucking hard to stay like that. I don’t want to worry them so I don’t say anything. I try to be as kind as I possibly can, I try to accept everyone and be as supportive as possible but I’m still a fucking horrible person. I’m trans to, that’s my main struggle. I hear people constantly making fun of people like me and I tell myself that they arnt educated or that they just don’t understand but they are still so fucking mean. I hate being trans I hate it so much. I’m not proud or special, I’m sick and I’m tired. My body disgusts me, I can’t even walk without getting dysphoric because my hands brush against my hips. Speaking hurts too. I told my parents and they swept it under the carpet for 6 months, and are only starting to get better now. But it hasn’t helped at all, my body is abhorrent. I can’t wash myself I can’t put my hands on my body I cant sit down without feeling terrible. I don’t even have the energy to self harm anymore. And my parents don’t know any of this, they expect me to function normally. I’m scared to tell anyone that I’ve tried to kill myself and I’m thinking about it again incase they tell my parents and it makes them even more worried about me.   
I have terrible social anxiety as well, I can’t go anywhere alone. I’m so scared to come out or cut my hair or do anything because I’m just so terrified. It makes the things that should be easy so hard for me. I wish I could just be a cisgendered boy, I wish my life could be a little bit easier.  
im just so sick of living like this it makes me want to be sick. The only reason I’m still here is because I dont want my family to be sad. I wish they didn’t love me so I could leave this place. That’s why I’m going into the army, so I can pretend my death was a mistake, but I don’t even know if they are going to accept a trans mistake like me.   
im sorry if you read that, please look out for yourself I believe in you.