How should I feel right now?I feel so sad and confused. I'm so angry at the world and myself. I feel so... numb, at the same time.

A few years ago my Grandpa had a heart attack, and had surgery to fix his heart. He pulled out of it because he's strong and wanted to live. Now here we are a few short years later, his foot is dying (he has diabetes) and already had his other foot cut off a few years before the heart attack. It's infected and just awful. They were worried that he would have a heart attack if he went into surgery, but a test showed his heart was okay for him to have surgery or something, and then they tested his foot and saw it's safe (a vein or artery is alright for blood flow I think they were looking for?) to have the surgery. So the doctors are saying that it's looking good (or better than it would with the other complications) meaning he should live, right?

The thing is, he doesn't seem to be fighting... He talks about it as if he knows he's going to die, and he's accepted it. When we visited him he was on pain meds and he turned to me and said "I'm a little loopy, mija, please don't remember me like this" like talking if he is going to die. when we say it looks good and he should survive he sounds so doubtful.

He doesn't seem like he wants to fight, and he might have pneumonia that they are over looking (I think they've finally testeed for it or something so that's good hpefully they'll know)

I just... My grandpa was my best friend as a child. I would walk to his house after school every day and we'd eat pringles while watching Tom and Jerry, or we'd watch M.A.S.H (which I wouldn't watch becuase I wasn't interested in, I just wanted to hang out with him and talk to him) and he'd tell me how he got all of his scars.

Now that i'm older, it's understandable for me not to be close to the parents/grandparents, but he will come in with chocolate sometimes to give me or something else, like as a connection and such right, and even though I don't like chocolate I take it because it makes me happy he still wants to be in contact with me and such.

I just... If he doesn't make it... I don't know...

I'm sad and angry and upset and feeling so alone and numb... After visiting him yesterday (which he doesn't remember now...) I went straight to bed when I usually have a hard time sleeping and stay up all night, I was just so exhausted from everything and so numb and just was right out. I don't want him to go...

I don't know how I'm suppose to feel, and if he dies I don't know how I'm suppose to cope with it..

The only one who can comfort me is my best friend, but her grandfather died earlier this year and I jsut... I feel like it would be selfish to try to get help from her, bringing up painful memories...

Another thing... I had a dog once, she saved my brothers life so my parents decided to keep her (stray at first) and she was there my whole life. Growing up I would have bad dreams and she came to save me in the dreams. Other dreams where evil was on me and she would attack me, trying to get the evil away. Even when she finally passed away four years ago... She's still in my dreams. Every time theres a death in the family she appears in my dreams. Every time I fly in my dreams, she's there with me. I feel like if there's such thing as a spirit animal or something, or some angel to protect me, it's her. After my grandpa was admitted into the hospital, I had a dream where I was in my house. Something in the house was making me sad, so I went to the front door to leave, to fly away. I passed a hallway, and saw my dog there.. but it also wasn't my dog.. She had this evil to her, this darkness... She ran towards me, and I ran out of the house and floated into the sky, and she was under me, the darkness to her separated from her, so I went down to her because I knew she was safe. the darkness was near us, but it wasn't evil to us, we just watched it, until I started to just float away, my dog following me, and the darkness close behind but we made sure to stay away from it. I don't udnerstand the dream, because darkness means evil, and it scared me like evil, but it made no move to attack us and even my dog accepting it was there. 

But.. because my dog was there- and my grandpa is sick, I am worried that she came for him, that he's going to die and she's there to warn me or something... Or warn me about some danger, I guess...

I'm just so - I don't know how to feel, I've been trying totalk to friends all day but they are all busy or just ignore me, and I feel so alone and numb and just so sad, I feel like I can't even do anything, I can't stop I just feel so sad and need help or something I don't want to be alone, I feel so alone...