Sick of living in denialI think the first time I really became aware of my depression was when I was 10 or so.
 From then on it kind of snowballed until the point where I let it control my life, which has resulted in me being a failure, who has neglected even the most basic achievements. Now I am 22. Everyone says there is always a chance to turn things around, but I think it's about time for me to give up. 

I used to keep myself motivated with small goals and my family, but things have become increasingly strained over the years. It's become hard to think that it is worth it to be with them, especially now that I have thoughts that would endanger myself and others. I used to dream of committing suicide in a way that would inconvenience others minimally, if at all. Even then, I was too afraid to act out on it. Recently, I've been thinking about how easy it would be to end my life or at least ruin it if I were to do something stupid while driving. At some point I was staring at the concrete between 2 lanes, but I snapped out of it because there would be too much risk of others being hurt. 

I don't want to continue pretending things are okay, only for them to get to the point that I don't consider the impact that my actions will make. I have told my therapist about my thoughts of suicide, but not about possibly harming others since I thought they were just intrusive thoughts until now. 

I am unable to trust people to the point where I can even mention what is bothering me in passing. Although my family and I love each other, I always felt as if I had a barrier up. Even with those who are supposed to be closest to me are kept at a distance. When I do try, it just gets glossed over. I am always told not to say how I feel, when they are uncomfortable truths.

Since the pandemic is getting pretty bad, my options for treatment are limited. To be honest, I don't have much desire to continue getting treatment anyways. I feel like I will never get to a point where it the pros outweighs the cons for the world. If I were to die, and have my remains used as compost, wouldn't that be better than me wasting resources? Not to mention organs being donated, which can be used for people that actually deserve a chance.