Useless rantIts all the same. We are alone, we fucked up, we had a rough start... Then, the first year (or years) it starts to build up. That reality where there are no things that really matter, or, if they matter, the are usually beyond our reach, usually in our regrets.

One day things don't look the same. The world has changed for you. The world is no longer big or bright, its too big, too bright, reality starts to spin fast like a hurricane that throws you away to be left behind while the rest is chilling, enjoying the hurricane, which is a mellow summer wav for them, with a few bumps but alright in the end.

We start to be thirsty of peace, numbness, death. In my case, it started with drugs. Now I'm on a splippery slope (is that the correct expression?). I'm back home, left aerospace engineering due to my depression, hoping to start next september with a double degree in physics and maths (which I really like over AE). However, I feel worse than ever. I'm not the same and people notice. They feel my scars, those kind of ones that make people look away. I have Social Communication disorder, probably undiagnosed ADHD, diagnosed depression although I've always turned down all med offers.

Anyway, I was planning to write a wall of text but I'll just skip it to those horrible, long nights (like today) where you feel like the world has taken over, your nerves about to burst, anxiety to the point of hyperventilation, everything going down that unstoppable spiral that hunts you. I'm listening to a spanish rock song (I'm spanish) while wondering if taking all sleeping pills I've got with some wine will kill me surely (I once accidentally has a 0.5 l beer with one and it was enough to make me pretty dizzy).

Actually, I'm not even listening the full song, just the first 2 minutes with the following verses. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EWWJwZzilek

To live
adrift,
to feel
that everything is going ok,
to fly
always upwards,
and to think
that I can't lose.

I'm going to make a drum out of my scrotum
She left, she left just a picture.

To live
so uphill,
to feel 
that I don't know what I'm doing here
and to walk
always crawling
and to lose, for I cannot think.

Spelling and grammar not checked, sorry if it bothers you.

Bye.