I think about ending it every day, every hour, every second...I've been seeing a doctor and no matter what she tells me, no matter what medication she gives me, I just want to end it all. I'll start with the why, two and a half months ago, I fucked up really bad, I ruined the best relationship I ever had by just being angry. We were at the lake together, and her mom started saying some snarky comments to me and it lit a fuse in me. I started to cuss her out and just overall was yelling and angry as hell. This isn't me though... I'm normally very quiet and understanding and won't put my opinion out there. I just broke I guess, and after all that, I went out to the lake and stood there for a while, my girlfriend came over to me and called me stupid while she was crying, and of course, at this moment I was still pissed... I told her we were done, I didn't mean it, I knew I didn't mean it the second I said it. But I said it and I followed through with it because I was angry...  This was a relationship where I was happy, for five years, I was planning on proposing last month in September on our anniversary, and I was overall just happy with us. The problem was I've been struggling with depression my entire life, and this last year it had been really bad, I had been mean to her friends, ruined a few days because of being upset. My girlfriend had been telling me to see a doctor and to go back on my medication, I ignored her because I thought I was fine, clearly, I wasn't. I started seeing a doctor shortly after all of this happened, and I started taking some anti-anxiety medication and some anti-depressants. This is where things got really bad, the medication caused me to have panic attacks every second of every day, and I freaked out. I freaked out at her, I accused her of hating me, cheating, everything and anything under the sun. The problem here is that she never gave me a reason to believe this, she always cared for me, and she never would have cheated on me. This got to a point where she did hate me, she hated everything, she didn't want to talk to me, she would ignore me because she didn't want to talk to me anymore. We started to patch things up again when I stopped taking the medication because of the horrible reaction I had, I lost 30 pounds to not eating, throwing up and have diarrhea every day. We saw each other for the first time a couple of weeks ago, and everything was great, we had fun talking and we were happy... The problem is, that's all she wants now, is to be friends, but I love her so much... I care for her in every way, and I don't want to lose her. She said that she's been flirting with other boys and that she might go on dates with other boys, and I already have horrible anxiety and it freaks me out. I've freaked out at her a couple of times because I was scared, and I feel like I can't control myself... I know it's super selfish but I don't know what to do anymore, I'm losing my best friend, my lover and my partner of five years. I cry myself to sleep every night, I have no friends to go talk to anymore, as they all sided with her. The one friend that I went to for help told me "go find some other friends, I'm too close to this situation" problem was, he was talking to her. Now it's got to the point where he won't talk to me, she won't accept that I love her so much, she just wants to be single. I don't understand anymore, I started looking at how to tie a noose, where to buy rope near me, and how far I have to fall to die. I don't know what to do anymore, I feel like I've tried everything, tried to get medical help, tried to talk to people, nothing works, and I'm scared of myself. 