I’m Just So Done and FrustratedI have never been this depressed in my entire life....it has never been this bad before and I’m so tired of crying every single day and being in an eternal anxiety attack....

Over 3 months ago I moved back to my home state, leaving the city I always dreamed of and loved. I didn’t think it would be a big deal leaving my $50000 job because I’ve never had issues finding a job before.

A little over a month after I moved, I got offered a great job, with what I thought was a great company and great money. Well turns out they had decided to eliminate the position I had originally been offered so that left me with no job. (Upon further research of the company they are involved in a lot of sketchy things).

I started looking for other jobs and now it’s been 2 months and I am just so done. I have never had an issue finding a job before but this time has been awful. I’ve been to over 50 interviews and none of them have done anywhere, except for one that I was offered from the hiring manager that was then denied by the owner of the company because I would have been the only female besides the hiring manager there and he only wants guys working there (I am in the process of filing a complaint against them). 

I’ve had no money for 2 months because I had let my boyfriend use it all because I didn’t think I’d be having this much trouble. My relationship is deteriorating by the day because now neither one of us have money and he blames me for every thing because I ran out of money. 

I’ve gone to staffing agencies (which have all been sketchy and advertise jobs they don’t even have) who have nothing. I’ve been to counselors who have told me to take things off my resume (my master’s degrees and a lot of my previous employment) because it shows all my experience and places aren’t going to want to pay what I’ve previously been paid. Nothing has worked.

I went from an average of $24 an hour, to lowering myself to $18, then $16, then $12 (which I haven’t made since I was 16) and realizing I’m going to be working 2 or 3 jobs just to get us an apartment and yet I still can’t get a job. 

There is no money. At all. I don’t even have gas to go see him. My friends (some of who I’ve been staying with) are all so done with me begging for money all the time.

I seriously just don’t know what to do anymore. I’ve never been in this position before and I’ve lost every thing and nothing is getting better....

I just don’t want to live anymore.....