IsolationIsolation has been a curse for me my whole life. My mother has gossiped about me to everyone who will listen since I was little. I was the outcast in my family. I had too much shame and was too depressed to make friends in high school. C used my complete isolation to abuse me in college. He made the existing shame much deeper.

I came home then and started working at the ice cream shop. I felt like I finally had a place where I sort of belonged. Where people liked me.

I started doing therapy regularly with M and felt like I belonged. I completely remodeled my personality. A little more anger here. A little more trust there. I little bit of independence here. Some self compassion there. And some toxic externalization and victim identity slowly creeping in. No accountability or maturity or motivation or direction. That was too much for her. And too much for me apparently, being merely a reflection of some wounded part of her.

I met you and felt like I had a place where I belonged. It always always always felt like a dream. I almost don’t believe that year happened. It barely exists in my memory. It felt wrong because it was too right. We were too compatible. Too in love. You were too sweet. And I was way too disgusting and ugly for any of it to be real. But I pushed down the doubt and the pain and the suspicion the best I could. 

I thought things were finally getting better. It was like a miracle. I finally was free. I didn’t know that it would all blow up in front of me. I didn’t know everyone would turn against me. I didn’t know.

I needed limits after what happened to me. I needed someone trust me enough and have enough compassion to tell me gently and respectfully “Stop. I know you are hurt and confused and you don’t know what is happening and you’re just trying to protect yourself, but this is where you are crossing the line. This is where your responsibility lies. I’m still here for you but it needs to stop.” Instead I got skepticism. Passive aggression. Raised eyebrows. Judgement. Overindulgence. Enabling. Abuse. Yelling. Accusations. Assumptions. Silent treatment. People gave up on me or attacked me before they even made an effort to help me.

Nobody believed in me enough to just try to understand and then say no to me. Nobody trusted my strength enough. Nobody understood my character or my past well enough. Nobody understood my humility and my confidence in myself and my ability to accept feedback. They misunderstood my fear of being yelled at as stubbornness. They misunderstood my flashbacks as manipulation. My kindness as pretense. My passivity as laziness.

And as a result those good qualities have been eroded. 

I’ve been cut off from everyone. All because I was confused. I just didn’t know who was trying to hurt me and who wasn’t. I didn’t know when to fight and when to trust. Nobody told me. Everyone just assumed I fought because I was stubborn.

To have people give up on you before they even gave you a chance. We matched in good ways and terrible ways.

It’s all of my worst nightmares coming true all at once. It’s the isolation I felt all my life but with profound rejection and misunderstanding and PTSD and cognitive problems and stress added in.

I did terrible things in the name of PTSD. I wasn’t a victim until I went for help.

There’s nowhere for me to turn anymore.