How can someone want to live?Like, I actually don't understand it! I mean, even if you had the perfect life, a lovely wife/girlfriend, kids, pets, anything you want. It can't be better than just chilling in the void without a conciousness, right? Not having to wory about anything, actually...not being able to. I can't word it...it's just so peaceful and stuff. I want to die and I don't understand how anyone doesn't. Do people really not realize that or what? 

The only reason I'm still here is that my survival instinct is too damn strong! I would much rather recieve a tip on how to overcome my survival instinct, but I guess I won't get that advice, since it's literally against the rules of this sub. 

Everyone is worried about death, fearing it like it's something painful, but whenever I thing about death, I feel relief. It gives me a kind of relief from my problems, knowing that even if shit went real bad, I can always just take the easy way out. I remember when I was like 8, I was laying in my bed trying to sleep, but then I suddenly realized that every time I go to sleep there's a chance that I will die in my sleep and won't even know about it, and that thought terrified me. Now I think about it almost every night and it actually helps me sleep, because I HOPE that I will die. 

Because if I die in my sleep, I won't have to actually press the trigger next to my head or convince myself to jump off that damn bridge, since that's probably how my life will end. I don't cry over these thoughts, I just accept them, I don't feel sad, happy, or...anything. I just pretend that I do. I pretend to feel happy when I'm with my friends, I pretended to feel sad when my grandmas cat died, even though I also liked him and he was one of the reasons I stayed alive. The only thing that was bad for me was that it happend near Christmas, and I already had enough problems spending the money I was saving for not sure what on gifts for people I don't even care about because if I don't buy them, that will just be another disappointment from me. 

Like, what the fuck?!? Why do I need to do this, because someone made up these traditions about a thousand years ago?!? What the fuck is wrong with our society?!? This shit is pay-to-win with no refunds and I'm not even having a good time! I'm just so exhausted and tired.

I see everyone being happy and planing for tge future, while I just accept anything that comes to me and hope that I will die in my sleep. People tell me "if you don't work hard, you will not achieve you goals", but my goals are to die in my sleep, but I just tell them that I will start to do something, because I am afraid that if I tell them that, they'll just tell me that it's just a phase or that I want attention, just like my dad did. 

That's why I don't get any help with this, but as I said, I don't care that I feel this way, I just accept it. I don't even want to change it, I'm so used to it that I can't imagine actually having motivation to do something about my life. 

My normal day consists of coming home from school and then scrolling through Reddit until I feel sleepy and go to bed hoping that I won't be alive the next morning. My dad thinks it's just a phase and my mom thinks that I'm addicted to my phone. She took my it once, and I just let her, because I thout that it would make me motivated and that I will start doing something, but nope. A couple of hours went past and I found myself staring at the ceiling counting seconds. When I thought I could get up and play a game or something, I couldn't even get out of my bed because I felt like something was telling me not to. Keep in mind that I was just counting seconds passing by, and even that felt more entertaining at that moment. 

What am I trying to achieve by posting this? I'm not even sure. I guess I just got bored scrolling through Reddit and wanted to do something else. Or I just wanted to tell someone and be sure that they won't call me selfish or attention-seeking. And even if they will, they don't even know who I am so who cares. I've never written something like this, and it honestly feels good. 

I don't want a therapist or something. I don't think that it would change anything, and even if it did... Why? I have no problem with my suicidal thoughts, they almost feel good. Losing all motivation was the best thing that could have happened to me. Before, I was worrying about every little decision, now I just don't even try and don't care about the outcome. 

With this being said, any tips on overcoming my strong survival instinct?