I think I'm doneidk, it might pass by tomorrow. but it always comes back. it's been coming back for more than 10 years.

i'm 25. female. constant up and downs. mostly downs. broke up with my girlfriend about a month ago, first person i've ever been in love with. she got distant and said she's just not capable and too busy to make me feel wanted. but she's already talking to other people... it's a pretty consistent theme in my life that i'm never good enough and never get the love others do from the people i love most. it seems like every other option is better than me and more worth fighting for or crying over. i think i feel more strongly than most people do. everything seems to hurt me more and mean more to me than it does other people, especially in situations like this, and i just can't do it anymore... something woke me up this time and i'm realizing it's never going to work for me.

it's hard to explain this, because it's such a wordless pain. it's just something deep and aching that's always been there. there's a *lot* in my life that has been and is bad, but that's not why i want to die, at least not directly. it's just this constant dull pain. it's lonely in the way it hurts.

i feel like i was born into a world that doesn't make sense to me. i inherently feel like nothing should be the way it is. and i thought i found someone that understood and felt the same, and that would have been enough for me, but they didn't. no one ever does.

i've been drinking again. i'm a recovered addict (mostly alcohol and opiates), and i haven't gone back to dope and probably won't, but drinking feels like the only thing that allows it to release. i've been cutting and self harming again too. a week or so ago i slit up my wrist but just couldn't finish it.

i'd been doing so, so good for so long. a few hiccups, a few low points, but overall so much better than i was when i was like 22, in regards to my depression, inner peace, actions, addiction; everything. but now it's all back. i'll be ok for a couple days, and then i break down again. tonight's one of those nights, and i apologize for how rambley this is.