And I'm the selfish one. The asshole he calls me.Mom made me marry him at 17 in Chester, VA.  I gave him my virginity.  He gave me herpes.  We had a quick 15 minute ceremony at a lawyers office.  My honeymoon took place at the Sheraton on Midlothian tnpk.  Special....until he said he took all his gf's there.  A year later we moved in with my Grandma to save money and get a house.  At this point we were the proud owners of a ford festiva, $155 a month.  He worked at the local ford dealership.  Needless to say we couldnt move an apartment full of furniture in that micromachine car.  So he bought an f150.  $330/month.  Why did we move to my G'mas?  I went to see my cousins baby with my G'ma. He got mad and went out drinking.  Drove home down the train tracks.   I had two daughters while living in that basement.  He had 2 motorcycles and a boat and a bronco. After 5 years I got the hell out.  To the second apartment.  I got a job cleaning houses.  I bought me an $1100 1980 something mustang.  We moved into a trailer.  I bought me a new 1999 mustang.  We moved 2 more times.  I got a job driving a school bus.  I went to college inbetween.  We moved in with his mother so I could attend nursing school full time.  Big mistake.  Quit and went to respiratory school.  Moved to the east coast of Va.  He bought a bigger boat since we were on the chesapeake bay/rappahannock river.  I tried several times to buy a house, turn down after turn down.  At one point before nursing school I wanted to volunteer at the resque squad.  He wouldnt allow it.  I would be around men...at night.  So I worked in a hospital full of men.  Things that can be done in a confused patients room.  Woooo Guess who got fired and found a job working at nigh?  You guessed it.  Not me.  Effing hypocrit
My daughter turned into a holy terror.  Didnt listen.  Came and went as she wanted.  Had 2 kids I had to take care of at night.  Had to put up with her shit and the trash she brought home.  They didnt listen either.  I begged my husband to quit his job.  I needed him there with me before I killed myself to get away from the shit.  I hated to come home after work so I would stay with my other daughter at her house. We filed bankruptcy after his heart attack because he "couldnt" work.   Finally left the state to get away.  This summer 2019, we were close to buying a house.  Until he saw an expedition he wanted.  What was wrong with my equinox at 191 a month?  538 for the expedition.  I let it known that we would not be able to a house again.  Do you think he cared?  He wined like a damn kid until I couldnt take it and said go fucking get it.  Im living with my mother in law.  I have ALS and I'm dying.  Not quick enough.  I married the most selfish SOB Ive ever met.  I have came to the place I literally hate him.  I want to die to get away from him.
Im not perfect.  The night before we got married I was with my exboyfriend.  Who, after 27 years I found him.  I learned a lot that I didnt know was going on in his life.  I wish he would have talked to me about it.  I showed my tits to a few people.  Some got to play and kiss them.  Few years ago hubs dick stopped working due to meds.  Seems to me IF you actually loved your wife you could make lifestyle changes to get off heart meds or use other means to get your wife off.  So I think he doesnt care.  I got' caught sexting with other redditors.  That didnt go well. I was diagnosed with ALS in the morning and he bitched me out calling me everything he could that afternoon.  I guess having been given a death sentence I forgot to delete his texts.
I want a clock that tunes on the hour and to go to the mutter museum and die in my own house.  Do you think that he would do  either for me?  Nope.
I stay in my bed doing suicide searches online.
I JUST WANT TO DIE AND LEAVE THIS MISERABLE LIFE OF MINE.
I LOVE MA AND PA AND MY 2 BROTHERS
I LOVE MY DAUGHTERS EMILY AND TIFFANY.
I LOVE MY GRANDAUGHTERS PEYTON AND LUCY.
I LOVE MY FUTURE SONS IN LAW JUSTIN🤞🤞and MANNY
There are my 10 REASONS FOR HANGING ON.
Suicide still crosses my mind hundreds of time a day.
If you read this...thanks.  Mariann