Help. I've fucked up, I can't cope with it.I'll freely admit this is all my own fault, but I still can't cope with it.

For 17 years, I haven't had any friends. The word that seems to fit the most with me, was Isolated.
When I was 17, I met this group of people. In this group of people, one person (Kilo) pulled me out of the isolation. Things looked good, I was actually happy with myself. In this group, there are three main people. (Kilo, Sierra, and Lima). Kilo and Lima are brothers, Sierra is the girlfriend of Lima. (Names I've obscured, because Kilo uses Reddit and knows my username. However, I am hoping he see's this.)
I helped get Sierra and Lima together, in their relationship. I myself had a crush on Kilo, but I was fully aware that he was straight. Kilo knew this, and was ok with it.
Last year, around Novermber time, I caught Sierra with another male (Delta). I told Kilo, then retracted what I said, I didn't want to interfere with the relationship.
I've seen Sierra and Delta together, doing all sorts of couply things, since then.
Last Saturday, I got fed up of Sierra having two boyfriends, and knew she was going to end up hurting Lima. They'd celebrated two years anniversary a month earlier, and her cheating had gone on for too long.

As a side note, I have a ps4 and a pc. The only reason I have a ps4, and the games to go with it, was to play with Kilo and Lima. All my friends on there, are (Were) mutual friends, that'd been K/L's friends for much longer than for me.

So I told Kilo, asking him for advice. Then shit went downhill.
By this point, my entire social group had been built through Kilo. He'd helped me talk to people, and everyone was mutual to him.
Sierra claimed I was lying. Lima believed her. (And rightly so, I had lied earlier in the friendship, in an attempt to get them to like me more. These were small white lies, which I came clean about myself, when the guilt overcame me)
Sierra then blocked me on every service I'm on. Ok, I could deal with that.
Sierra pressured Kilo into an ultimatum, me or them. Kilo rightly chose them. Thus, my social circle has been removed.
In addition, Lima has had his cousin (Alpha) to warn people to stay away from me.
On wednesday, when Kilo unvelied that he had to choose, I lost it. I told him I was sorry for what I was going to do, and I ate a packet of Codine/Paracetamol. (12). I fell asleep, woke up the next day dissapointed, and went to Uni.
I got two phonecalls that day. The first from Alpha, then from a policeman.
Kilo had gotten worried enough to call the police on me. HE used Lima's name, but it was Kilo who phoned

After all that had been delt with, I recieved messages from Kilo and Lima.
Kilo wanted to say that he can't talk to me any more, as Lima would get angry if he found out. Therefore, Kilo had to remove me from every platform.
Lima wanted to say that him caring was no indication of any change. He still thinks that I'd lie about this to get closer to Kilo. Despite the fact that three people have told him, he still blames me for everything.

These guys mean the world to me. Kilo brought me out of my isolation, Lima's forced Kilo to kick me back down deeper. I've weighed up the pros and cons of just dying, not necessarily by my own hand, but I'm primarily still holding out hope that Kilo might talk to me again.

I know I rely too much on Kilo, but I can't help it. He saved me from Isolation, I like to think he saved me from my last attempt, but if he isn't allowed to talk to me again, then I don't know what I can do.

I can't make new friends. I've been trying for my 19 years on this planet. And the state I'm in now, really isn't helping my case. I only want to know that Kilo still cares for me. But he's not allowed to show it. Thanks to Lima and Alpha, I have no-one. I'm deeper in isolation than before. I need help.

EDIT: Oh, I'm not sure how to take this. Kilo messaged someone, to message me, saying that Lima has had no effect in peoples choices. I don't want to believe that, that'd mean that Kilo lied to me about the ultimatum. Maybe they don't care at all?