Meds, feelings, and shit like thatAs I browse through subreddit, I can't help but feel like posting won't do much good for me, but I hope just writing this out could make me feel some semblance of comfort. In the next few days I'd like to die. I've wanted to die since about 12 so I guess I can't even exactly say it would be a surprise if that time comes and passes. I'm 19 right now if that even matters. Taking lots of meds that do whatever the fuck they do (ssri and a tricyclic) and I've been adjusting for like a year now to meds that I'm still not sure do shit. I guess I feel more like I'm just unable to kill myself now because I'm too tired with the meds rather than feeling better in any real way. I'm undiagnosed (at least up to my satisfaction), but I guess you could say I'm major depressive and have a constant feeling of emotional discomfort and anxiety. I'm pretty much just rotting in bed or getting high all the time lately. I know drugs don't really help, but I feel like if I can't drown my mind my suicide will just come sooner.  I guess the only thing that really interests me lately is reading my mathematics books and even there my willpower feels like it's drying up. I'm reading stuff meant for grad students so I guess that's something I've got going for me, but I'm not in school and I don't feel like I could function in a school environment again. Hell, I still need to finish my grade 12.  I can't see myself being successful in what I care about, whatever that would even mean. I feel like I've given an effort to so many pointless things trying to fix how I feel. I'm so dysfunctional at this point I feel like I'm just going to become more and more of a burden on those around me until... I guess until I become what I've always been afraid of becoming. Someone who just brings other people down. Hell, the only reason I even read all I do is just because I want to know the shit for myself. I hardly even know if I'll ever do something worth crap with it at all. I just need to not exist anymore. How do you tie together all the loose ends though? It seems impossible. I haven't spoken to my friends in months and I don't even know why. Am I scared? Why? I just feel like some sort of unrecognisable mess that used to be that one guy. I don't even know what that one guy was anymore. Then again I feel like I've been scattered through time. I feel like I could wake up one day and years will have been a dream. I can pick the day I guess a couple years ago where I feel like I resigned to death. Maybe the day, rather, that I set my death into motion. I knew things would fall apart for a long time. Maybe it was all a self fulfilling prophecy. I left school because I was suicidal and I thought it was the healthy thing to do to take a year away because it seemed like that or die. I'm wishing now that I had just gotten over with it all and just died that day. The worst thing is. You know the likely thing? I'm probably not going to kill myself. I'm probably going to keep skulking along like some miserable piece of shit and eventually fade away. I know people get better, but what does that even mean? More time spent waiting? I know that maybe if I changed my lifestyle or yadda yadda bullshit I could get back to being healthy. That's probably right. The thing is that I think it doesn't work how many people seem to think. When you get better by the "willpower" route, I don't think you should even be able to claim responsibility for your own recovery. People naturally get to the point where they can get better sometimes. The problem of depression is it takes away that power to get better. If you think you recovered by trying really hard you missed what happened. You have to naturally reach a point where you're even capable of attempting shit like that. So ya, in any case its shit advice since before you act on getting better you need to be better to an extent already. Just really not looking for the: 'mayeb you shud trie harder cuz yoy probably dunt do that before' or 'just ride a bike like me I'm happy ya that solves everyones' issues.' I'm not looking for pity or suggestions to talk to someone. I don't know what I want. Just say what you need to say. Hell if I know what I want to hear.