How do I get out of a very shitty life situation and poverty.Content Warning for mental health, suicide (not suicidal at the moment), drugs.

Alright I'll try to go straight to the point because I really need to vent and I feel like if I did so I would spend three hours writing and I wouldn't get to the point of it.

I've been living in poverty and debt for three years now, and it's gotten to a point where I'm working my ass off to get money that is virtually gone before I even get paid.

I need to give a bit of backstory, but I'll keep it short, I had a very bad public breakup, that borderline ruined my career as an artist, it left me very depressed, I didn't worked or did anything for a year, got into drugs, eventually got hospitalized for several suicide attempts, got clean, but ever since I got "back into society" I have this never ending feeling that no matter how much I need to breath the world won't stop to let me catch my breath.

I got a useless degree, I studied Game Design in Canada, where I did got to study in a couple game studios, but upon coming back to live in my home country, it because just a piece of paper, no studios or many job opportunities where I could apply my experience, specially since I have the misfortune of living in a rather small city, borderline a town.

I've been living out of art commissions for 5 years, and when it was good it was good, I made plenty money at some point, enough to get myself some nice things, a nice apartment, electronics, etc. But ever since that low point of my life I lost almost all of that, either sold to pay off some bill or just gone.

After my breakup there were two factors that ruined my presence within the community I'm going to give myself 70% of the fault given my toying with drugs and constant self harm. The other 30% comes from my ex and the community who just decided to shit talk me and blacklist me to no avail. I've had to refund clients their commissioned work because they heard things about me they did not agree with, not once, not twice, probably about a dozen times.

And I'm not going to sugar coat it I was, perhaps still am a terrible human being. On the surface I may be all for acceptance, inclusivity, forging a safe community, protesting oppression, but within on the inside I am very toxic, self destructive, cunning, I really put myself on this situation and to a degree I cannot deny I totally deserve it.

I tried to get back to my art career, new username, new focus, try out patreon, improved drastically my art-style but there was very little I could do when it comes to staying relevant on a community that clearly did not welcomed me. With little support from fellow artists, I had to lower and lower my prices to remain competitive enough to catch some commission work here and there.

Over the time that commissioned work started to pile up. Need to pay power bill? open a commission, need to pay rent? open a commission, need medicine? open a commission. It got to a point when I was taking months to even be able to start on an artwork.

At the time I was making about $80 usd through patreon, by spending about two weeks working on a pinup before the end of the month, it was a no brainer, I was putting 2 full work weeks for what should be around 8 hours of work minimum wage. I couldn't take it anymore decided to focus on the commissions. But then I realized the same applied, been taking $100, $200 commissions for projects that take me weeks if not months to complete.

Over this year I've tried to experiment a lot with art, develop artstyles that is quicker to do, something I can do in 2 days, but I still have no option but to charge around $40 to only maybe get a client interested.

Taking new commissions increases my queue, which to be honest, many of these commissions are over a year old, and adding new work just makes my list bigger and bigger, I honestly don't think I can manage to finish all of this work before the end of the year.

So I have a lot of very underpaid job that I have to catch up on, meanwhile, rent comes, meanwhile, water bill comes, meanwhile power comes.

What is worse, is that during that year I did nothing with my life I accumulated about $1200 in debt. From which I have to pay around $100 every month and that is just the bare minimum, it doesn't keep me from paying interests and the debt growing in size.

Last month I hit a low where I had to as my best friend to loan me some money to pay of rent, to this day I haven't been able to pay him back and he is struggling right now himself and I feel extremely shitty about it.

I've cut costs on everything, no Netflix, no going out, no restaurants, I try to live on the bare minimum I can, I sold as much device as I can, I have nothing left to sell at this point.

Now, the obvious is stop doing art, find another job, and I completely agree, I hate art, I hate the community, I hate everyone who has back stabbed me the trauma from the public humiliation and callouts I experienced during the breakout actually gave me diagnosed PTSD which is so fucking pathetic where as people get it from going to war, watching people die, I get it from stupid twitter drama, every day I'm posting some artwork on twitter, or I try to see my followers I see that I'm blocked or someone is talking behind my back I just lose any will to keep going with my life.

My mental health has been a huge factor not only on my delay with art but also a contributor to my debt because while the government pays for most of my psychiatric medicine living in a small city I had to take 2 buses out of town just to be able to attend medical care and get refilled, a cost that slowly added up.

There was a point when I was taking about 10 pills a day just to be barely functional for 2 hours a day. then covid comes, and great, now not only I can't go to the doctor, but the clinic that refilled my meds is closed and or wont give me any new without a medical note.

Simple, learn to ignore the flashbacks, learn to ignore the hallucinations, it got to a point where for about a year I just couldn't bring myself to cry, I had lost any sense of emotional relief from my body, I had cried so much that doing so made no effect on my physiological effect, I cut myself months ago when I realized this, nothing, no pain, no anguish, no relief, nothing was worth it anymore, I had lost my sense of fear, pain, relief, nothing made me feel any sort of emotional expression anymore, and it's remained like that until now.

Going back to the job thing, I decided to quit art, get a part time or full time job, apologize to my clients a dozen times a week, and just draw and catch up on owed art on my free days from job, use the stable income to pay off my debt, slowly get better. But not only did covid fucked that, I also happen to live in a terrible city, I live in Salamanca Guanajuato, you can look up the news, every day they find like 3 people brutally murdered, one of my friends was brutally murdered, the guys from which I used to buy dog food were brutally murdered. A store I wanted to work in was set on fire, a drug store where I was about to send a job application these days it's been getting robbed like every week, I have a bunch of photos on my phone of every time I go to the drug store and I see that someone just broke in from a new glass door or window to assault everyone inside.

No stores are open due to covid, so I tried to find online jobs, I have sent applications to every CC caption company I could find, or translation jobs, and I just can't get any.

And today was no better, I've been working non stop for 3 days on this one particular commission, this client has expressed he wants another 2 commissions when I'm done with this one, so I've been working on this with virtually 0 money on my wallet because my bank decided to double my minimum payment fee early this month.

I realized that tomorrow probably will get cut either my power and or internet as I haven't covered those bills as well as rent. So EVEN if I finished this commission that I've been working in record time to finish, any money I get paid, will just vanish, dissapear into bills, I will have no leftover for food, I may not even have leftover to cover all of my bills, and even if I manage to, its already halfway trough the month, in 2 weeks I'll have to pay the credit bills again, if I get delayed a single day I'll have hundreds of harassing calls from my bank, i pay that, then its water... power, internet, rinse and repeat.

I am in so much debt that no matter how hard I work, no matter that I stayed until 5 am working I'm killing myself working to get enough money to have nothing at all.

And upon realizing that, for the first time in a year and a half I cried. Not because I want to kill myself, not because life sucks, not because I am in debt, not because I have close to no friends.

I cried because no matter what I do, no matter what happens, I know that it wont get better, I have no interest in killing myself anymore because I've lost any sense of care for what will the bank do if I don't pay, or if I become homeless, or if I die. I literally can't be bothered to care at this point. But I cried because no matter how hard I work, I'm only delaying that future. I feel trapped, I am extremely tired. I don't know how to get out of this, I don't know where to get a job, I don't know if I'm even mentally stable enough to have an IRL job, I can't get more commissions, I can't get myself hired by any job offers on fiverr or upwork.

I feel trapped.