My parents think it's stupid and fake that I need help.I've been feeling suicidal for a few years now. Mostly of the time I pushed myself of forgetting those thoughts. So they were always there I just ignored it instead of fixing it. A few months ago everything came out as a huge bomb. I finally admitted to myself that I am suicidal and that I had to stop ignoring the thought, because ignoring it didn't help. I don't think I make any sense now. So, now I am in this constant cycle that I am 100% sure that I am going to kill myself, but then there are days that I really believe that seeking professional help may do some good. I had a few days that I was getting te courage to seek help. I had some e-mails with a therapists and she wanted to schedule me. I am a student, 21 years old. I am very low on cash and can't afford it. I still live at home ( a not so healthy home). I took up all the courage to talk to my father about my feelings, feelings I had never talked about before. So that I could ask him if he was okay with paying for my therapy. He started rolling with his eyes and said stuff like 'why would YOU need therapy, you are only 21 years old. Nothing happened to you. Just work and keep yourself busy on your work. We don't have time for attention seekers.' Maybe his reaction is my own fault. I was really vague because I was scared to tell him this. So I made it hard to understand. But his reactions made me realize even more how alone I am and I am even more questioning my existence. I keep on thinking that something is really messed up with me because I have no reason to feel like this and I am too young. I am also not sure what I am looking for on reddit, i just hope someone can relate. Will be difficult because my english is bad. I just, I just gave up. Home needs to be a safe place and therapy should help me but I just don't get the opportuntiy to help myself and now I am suicidal everyday. I am so lost. I am in so much pain everyday. It all seems not worth it. Why would I have to live till I am 80 in pain when I can end this now? I had one little spark of hope and that was trying out therapy. But this hope is just gone now because maybe my father is right, maybe i am just seeking for attention. But I cant keep ignoring this pain. I want to do somehting, I want to kill myself. I just don't see no solution and it hurts way too much. I keep talking in circles, sorry for my irrelevant long story of i dont know what. I dont know what this is, i am sorry, i feel  nothing and everything