How I got over my decade-long suicidal feelings.This is probably going to be a long read, but if you're someone who has felt suicidal for a long time, please, take the time to read this.

I'm probably the typical person that fits a suicidal demographic.  I never fit in, I didn't have very many friends in school, never felt like I could make it in life, etc.  

I think that while there is medication, while there is therapy, the way I got over my suicidal thoughts was by not only understanding why I felt suicidal, but more importantly, realizing how involved I was in causing my own suicidal tendencies.

Let's face it.  When you are suicidal, your mind tricks you into *wanting* to be suicidal.  Yes, there is that part of you that asks for help, there is that part of you that knows it is wrong what you are feeling, but when you come to accept that you are okay with being suicidal, that is when you head in the downhill direction.

It is the direction many of you are comfortable with.  The direction of "Things will be okay once I kill myself, eventually." or "Once I'm dead, the pain will finally be over."  Once your brain makes you rationalize that this is a *good thing,* that is when you are set in the spiral of not seeking true improvement.   You feel suicidal, and don't seek help for these feelings because you start to believe that the end result will be positive.

For many of you, these feelings will more than likely just fade in and out of your lives. As you hit a positive note, your suicidal thoughts and feelings will hit a backburner, and as your life hits a negative point, you start to rationalize that "suicide is always an option if things get too bad."

**It will never be someone else that makes things better for you.**  Your life most likely won't be turned around because of some one person that says something or one event that happens (unless you make 20 million dollars, I think that could make anyone happy, but who knows).  My life hit an extremely low point, when anyone would contemplate death, and then I started to rebuild.

I was sent to prison because I tried to commit murder-suicide. My reason for wanting to kill someone was because I wanted to make sure I could kill myself.  Conveniently, I accidentally left a note behind (that I honest to god meant to keep in my pocket), and it was found, so I was stopped while at the house of the person I was going to kill.  I got two years in prison for this, and as you can imagine, this did nothing to benefit my suicidal demeanor.

This is where I rationalized unhealthily.  I was constantly thinking of killing myself.  I would always think of ways I could do myself in prison, but it's impossible without pain, which is something I did not want.  So sure enough, I would put it off, making my way through my sentence, hoping to finally off myself, but deciding I would once I got paroled if I was unsuccessful.

Once I was on parole, things changed.  Something you may notice is that you feel more actively suicidal if you are put in more of a position of being able to pull it off.  If you are constantly making yourself busy (which I was, seeing friends I hadn't seen in years, catching up on old times, etc), you start thinking about things other than suicide.

So I kind of distracted myself.  I hung out with people, even when I didn't feel like it.  I went to parties when I didn't even like 90% of the people who were there.  I tried to read more, to game more, to create more art.

I know a lot of people say "Hey, look, if you have no reason to continue your current life, then create your own.  Go skydiving, run a marathon, push yourself."  Speaking reasonably, you can't pull all that off.  These things cost money, and put us in situations we may not even care for.  But the little things, all the little things add up.  Through putting myself out there, volunteering at a humane society, creating stop motion animations, spending time with strange people, I slowly began to truly understand why I would rather live than die.

I now have a fiance, and it's been no more than two years since I thought for sure that I was going to kill myself.  And believe me.  I'm not staying alive for her.  I'm staying alive for myself.  You see, I think the reason we are all suicidal is because we can not be who we want to be.  We can not live what we want to live.  And the fact is, that's life.  So sure, go out, make a new you.  It doesn't involve changing your life completely, it just involves adding a new perspective and a new plan to it.

Go read a book even though you don't care about reading.  Go spend the couple bucks to adopt a small pet, like a rat, or a lizard.  Volunteer in your local animal shelter.  These are all things you don't want to do, because your currently suicidal mood tells you that it's not worth it in the end if you are just going to die.  But you know what? If that's the logic, then fuck it.  Go do it anway, because it won't matter if you lose it if you're "just going to die."  But at least you gave something a chance.

Good luck to you, whoever you are, reading this right now, wondering what your purpose in life is.  And remember that you won't find it if you give up your search.

Formerly suicidal,

Prefers-Pineapples.

*Edits for grammar and flow and bullshit*