My Transgender Ex-GF is SuicidalHello Suicide Watch,

I understand a lot of people generally come here in hopes of preventing themselves from offing themselves but today I come to you in hopes of finding a way to cope with the stress i'm under which I fear will put me in the same position if I have to deal with it any longer than I have to;

I had been dating a Male-to-Female transsexual for the greater part of half a year now. We recently broke up because we had split apart for many reasons. The break up was in hopes of putting less stress on each other in hopes of reverting back to when things were simpler and expectations and demands of each other were a lot lower.

Anyway, I myself came to know my ex-GF by being transgender to a degree myself. I am a crossdresser, who is now questioning whether or not i'd be happier living as a girl fully and am seeking professional help with a therapist. As you can imagine, questioning your gender is a difficult situation to be in. But as my own personal gender issues came into the spotlight, our relationship had grown and we eventually became more than friends. We had a breakup before a few months ago because our relationship couldn't handle my gender issues. I don't know what I want in life, and she wants/needs a man. If I transition to female, I am obviously not a man to her and that's what she needs. Anyway after a week or so of having split apart and ruminating over it, she eventually over came her own personal issues of my potential gender change and that ultimately it was me as a person she was attracted to. This was back in late February. It's now late June and we're going through something else.

I know some of the things that have been bothering my ex-girlfriend lately which have been causing this behavior and at the same time I feel like I need clarification what she wants from ME as a person because I strongly feel that it is unfair of her to hang her own death over my head as some device to keep me to come to her aid. Though as much as I care for her as a person, I feel like I'm babysitting her and me dealing with my own issues aside from being transgendered is hard enough as I have trouble taking care of myself! I have told her that she needs help to sort out her issues. She feels like the world sees her as some freak, some fake, and a whole host of other things of that sort and that she'll never find love with a man who will never find her more than a sexual curiosity and conquest of sorts. 

She has been wanting Sex Reassignment Surgery (SRS) or Gender Reassignment Surgery (GRS) and intends to have it done later this year. I feel she is placing an extremely high amount of importance on this surgery as if it will correct or alleviate a lot of the issues she has socially and I feel that there is bound to be disappointment from it and perhaps could be her breaking point, which I fear greatly.

I have been telling her to get into therapy, get into therapy to discuss her issues, but she feels that if she does, her eligibility to get the surgery will be no longer valid because she is struggling with who she is or is trying to be. She's damned if she does, damned if she doesn't and I have no fucking clue as what to do.

What do I do?