I don't think I'm suicidal, but I need help.Let me start by giving some back-story. I'm turning 17 in about 2 weeks, and I have suffered from depression since kindergarten when my brother left for the Army. If you have a relative in the military you know it can be hard, but it happens. That's where it started. I also suffer from a slight case of brittle bone disease, not severe to where I break a finger trying to brush my teeth, But at the age of 16 I have broken 20+ bones. The pain it has caused me in unbearable, but it happens and I live with it.

Lets flash forward to about 3 years ago, I was diagnosed with Fibromyalgia which is a chronic pain disorder that is most common in women over 60, not normal in a teenage boy. And it has made life harder than I would like it. 

On September 30th I was and hour late to a doctors appointment, which meant we would be late leaving to visit my dad's side of the family (we left about 3 hours later then planned) it happens you cant always be on time, but, my grandfather passed away about an hour before we arrived. My dad never had a chance to say goodbye. *Because of me* It haunts me every day. I cant even imagine not being able to say goodbye to my father. I carry that baggage with me daily. But I deal with it.

Back to the Fibromyalgia, Because of the Physical/emotional/mental pain I deal with on a daily basis it made it hard to attend school regularly, so I switched to online classes. It was a hard transition but I knew it was for the best. But this schooling doesn't work for me, Because of my Fibromyalgia, I have amnesia of sorts. I might forget and entire week or be someplace I don't remember going to. None of this makes sense to me, I don't know what to do or how to do it, And It creates an enormous amount of stress on me. But I deal with it, You can't choose the cards you're dealt.

Now for the fun stuff, Medication. Meds have a weird affect on me, A simple aspirin will knock me out for 40 hours sometimes. Or after one of my recent surgeries, I have no memory of almost 3 weeks that I apparently lived. 

My mom insists that something will "fix" me like magic. She has put our family in debt paying med medication after medication that I take once, It makes me ill and I never take again. I mean THOUSANDS of dollars wasted and I try and tell her to stop but she doesn't understand that I WILL be in pain for the rest of my life, it's a matter of dealing with it rather than making it "go away" and it eats away at me that my brainiac of a sister won't be able to go to College because of the MASSIVE dept I've put my family in because of my medical conditions.But for now, I deal with it.

My social life has suffered immensely. The last time I just hung out with the guys was over a year ago. And it's only getting worse, This summer two of my best friends who were always there for me are moving. (One for college and the other for his dad's work) And I dread the fact that I will be even more alone then I already feel. But people move, it happens.

I just tell myself everyday, I need to deal with it, I could be worse off. But I know one day, I won't be able to deal with it anymore and I'll snap. My parents don't understand me, I'm ruining my sister's future. I have no future from the lack of schooling. I'm losing the few things I actually love in this world soon, And I just can't do it anymore. Right now, My plan is to Run away on my 18th birthday so I'm no loner The shameful burden I am to my family and they can't make me come home, And well... Die. I'm at peace with death. But right now, It's just taunting me. I could never kill myself, I Personally think it's selfish. It would only fix my problems and make everyone else's problems worse.

I have a lot more to say, but no one cares. and that's alright with me.