My brother is suicidal because he believes he is destined to travel with spiritual beings.Hello,

I am in desperate need of some information. As the title indicates, my brother has told my sister that he plans to kill himself (he said probably by gun since he hates pills. But then changed his mind and said maybe falling off a cliff or pills) . My sister made him sign a contract to not do it for 30 days and it appears that it will agree to it for reasons detailed below.

Also I have not talked to my brother yet, and will be home after I finish finals, so everything below is from my older sister and my niece.

I believe this is not a typical case of suicidal feelings. My brother believes he is basically destined to kill himself. He is 19 at the moment, and since he was 15 he has built up this alternative universe in his head where he would travel with a number of other spirits and live through different lives. He says 60% of this comes from himself, and the rest from video games and unknown sources. One of the lives he detailed involved a war with nations representing different elements and such. And that he has different bodies and destined to meet this girl with atypical features who would be his soulmate. Anyways there is a lot rooted in spirituality it appears (I do not know that much to be honest). Also he allegedly does not hear voices in his head. But he spends most his days creating this universe.

A quick background: my family is pretty dysfunctional with a mother with history of borderline personality disorder and a father who is not mentally present and who is controlled heavily by my mother. A very anxious and demanding grandmother. A younger sister who has many disabilities. Me, who used to be close (but not anymore) to my brother before starting college and now in graduate school, and my older sister (much older) and her children. My family is not very close in general. There is a lot of love, but love that is misguided through lectures and demands to succeed by having a high status job that pays a lot of money with little care for individual freedoms and choices.

My brother had a lot of obligations to help my younger sister and take care of my grandmother while being expected to become a doctor without consideration to what my brother wants. My brother is a freshman who commutes to a college that is almost 2 hours away and does not care about school nor knows what he wants to do in life.

My brother was a happy child and then became withdrawn around 15. 15 was when he alleged he started wanting to die and building up this alternative universe. He showed no signs of this until a few days ago. He was normally very well-mannered, has very little interest in other people (including no interest in a relationship), patient, and rarely showed any signs of anger. He also goes to the gym regularly and eats very healthy. In the past few months he started getting more annoyed and withdrawn because he wanted to live by himself, but refused to live on-campus with other students and living alone in an apartment was too expensive to afford. (he goes to a state school and my parents pay the tuition and don’t want him taking out loans until graduate school)

A few days ago my brother went to my sister and told her his plan that he wanted to kill himself and everything about this other world. My sister, not dismissing this other world, tried probing into it. My brother did not have answers to many of her questions. My brother also said that no one can change his mind.

My sister made him sign a contract to not die for 30 days and after that we will take a look on how we could approach this in a different way, she also made him agree to come over for dinner 4x a week and to see a therapist that she would find. 

The next day, he came over to my sister’s again and asked if he signed a contract before, because he felt it was a déjà vu moment, and that the only reason he agreed to it was because he saw it in a vision.

My sister is working on finding a therapist atm but took him to see a spiritual healer yesterday who was able to get on the same page as my brother, but still did not change his mind. He told my niece that he believed she was wise but she did nothing for him. Yet my sister sat through the whole session and said it seemed my brother throughout seemed to really get something out of this and indicated that to her on the way home.

During this time, my brother would talk to my niece who is a bit younger than him. He has expressed many oddly sexual and aggressive statements such as talking a lot about masturbation in-depth and asking if she fingers herself all day. He also picked up a golf club and looked as if he wanted to hit the pet dog, but then was told to put the club down. He also talked about if he did not die he would become a mass murderer and if a squat team came to pick him up to 5150 him he would shoot my niece in the leg but then said nah I’m too much of a softie. He also said that he only told my sister about this because he wanted everyone to prepare for his death, which would indicate he cares enough about the family. But this is contradictory with his behaviors when he initially reached out because he admitted he was scared and appeared to want to be saved and he does seem to listen and comply with my sister’s plan to help him. He also called my sister a “stupid bitch” to my niece and told my niece she is the only one he can talk too yet seems to show gratitude to my sister. He also said he can imagine a world where my niece is a dove, my nephew a superhero, my sister as an idiot on the street no one cares about, and the rest of the family as worms in the ground. Basically he shows a lot of contradicting behaviors, and has been observed to play mind games and say things to get a reaction.

Everyone knows about this int he family since my sister reports everything to them, but right now the family is backing off from any demands placed on my brother. Since my brother never had much of a relationship with my sister before, we are acting as if we don’t know because we want my brother to trust my sister since he has a hard time trusting people and having close relationships. Also not to overbear him since not only he is very introverted, but also he seemed to have a lot of anger towards my family (except for my older sister since never lived with us much), especially towards my parents. He says he despise them, and doesn't care what happens to them. Also he said the home environment has not let him develop into a man.

To me it appears that he is so stuck in this alternative universe that he fragmented that he doesn't feel attached to reality and is numb. Also it appears that when my sister and the spiritual lady challenged this alt reality world, he was taken back and seemed impressed with their insights yet afterwards would say increasingly pro-aggressive comments. I believe this is a defense mechanism to protect this other world, which is the most precious thing to him. Also I believe he has a lot of pent up sexual and aggressive behaviors that he is expressing for the first time as well not having the ability to find any passions or enjoyments in this world. Also he states that only when he feels extreme pain is when he feels that he is alive (like getting a concussion or running so fast and hard that he vomited)

If there is any advice any of you guys could give, I would really appreciate it for either my sister to do, or for me when I get home, or just anyone in my family. I love my brother so much and I want him to be okay. As far I know, my brother hates drugs and medicine so I don’t believe he’s taking anything. If he comes down to it, we will 5150 him, but right now if there’s anything that we could do to help him, I would be forever thankful.

I apologize for my writing style or errors. Please let me know if something is confusing or needs more details.

Thank you! 

edit:

I forgot to mention he also said that he's thankful for my parents for raising him the way they did because he loves his personality yet he comments that he's a sick fuck multiple times and seems very hard on himself.
