[SUPPORT] Discovering yourself, and learning how to love yourselfHello all. Recently I’ve made some revelations and realizations that have lead me to reach a level of self-love that I thought was previously unattainable due to my long history of depression, anxiety, BPD, and a suicide attempt (obviously failed). If you find you hate yourself, not loving yourself, or feeling worthless, I hope I can communicate some of what I’ve learned with you and help.

I’ve never been one to have friends. At all, really. I’ve had one childhood friend and they’ve drifted in and out of my life. I felt so alone starting at the age of 14, when your adult friend groups really start to form and you start to create lifelong relationships. My high school experience was nonexistent. It’s supposed to be the time of your life when you party, meet boys, create friend groups or join a friend group. At the least, make a few friends. Not one party, not one friend. I shit you not when I say I couldn’t/ didn’t make a single friend during high school. That’s when the depression began.

I could go on and on about the little details of my experience with depression, anxiety, BPD, and suicidal ideation. But I won’t say too much about it, since some of you know what it’s like and that’s not what this post is about. But I will say that for 4 years, getting out of bed was a chore. Cleaning my room was a chore. Talking to people was a chore, making friends was a chore. Taking care of myself was a chore. Hell, eating was a chore. Breathing almost seemed like too much some days. Some days I was manic with ideas and energy, some days I couldn’t lift a finger because it just took too much energy. I lay awake at night, taking hours to fall asleep even though I didn’t get out of bed that day. Some nights I got no sleep. Some days I slept 14 hours. The only consistency that existed was that most days and nights, I lay in bed imagining a hundred different ways to die. Everything was fucked.

My suicide attempt included slitting my wrists until I could touch the bone. Ordered a suture kit and some scalpels, went the whole 9 yards. Not many people can say they’ve surgically opened their arm up until they could touch their own ulna and radius, but here I am. How did I do this? Copious amounts of Oxycodone, Ativan, Xanax, Paroxetine, alcohol, Baclofen and Amitryptiline, of course. Yes, I overdosed and almost bled to death. In the moment I wasn’t even aware of how close I was to death. My foot was halfway over the fine line between life and death, and I just had to go a bit further. Just give in the the sleepiness from the drugs, just bleed a bit more, just let go of consciousness. It would’ve been easy. Peaceful, even. No pain, it was just like falling asleep after a long day.

I’m still alive and kicking after that. How? Well, I got taken to the hospital and by some miracle it wasn’t too late, although I had already passed out in the car. I stopped breathing. But here I am. Scars all over my arms but I’ve found the will to live. The will to kick depression, anxiety, BPD, antidepressants, drugs, alcohol and suicidal ideation. You know what the funny part is? The near-death experience isn’t what set my will to live into motion. You’d think so, right? I was suicidal after that attempt, for many months. No, it was a switch in perspective. 

My previous perspective taught me society dictates your self-worth. Friends dictate your self-worth. How much you should love yourself is dependant on how many friends and followers you have, how many parties you have been invited to, how much money you have, your line of work, what kind of family you come from etc. The list goes on and on. If you don’t have these things, there is something wrong with you, therefore you should hate yourself. You grow to hate yourself. 

There’s a beauty in being alone. There is power in being alone. Someone once told me, “You have to be your own favourite person. That’s the key to loving yourself, is becoming your own best friend.” Being alone lets you nurture yourself and become your own favourite person. When you are your own best friend, you suddenly never feel alone again because, well, you can’t leave your own body. You will never need anyone but you. 

My perspective now? I want to live, because I’ve hit rock bottom and the only place to go is up. It’s exciting to look into the future and realize your unlimited potential. What else can you lose? You can only build from this point on. You are about to meet a lifelong friend, the best person you’ve ever known, someone you love and will be there for you forever. Until you die. So many people have not had the privilege of meeting this person. That person is you. 

Try to love yourself. Fall in love with yourself. Become the person you’d want to fall in love with... and when you do truly fall in love with yourself, you will never need anyone else for validation or self-worth. Why? No one, no one can love you more than you. No amount of love or validation from another person will feel fulfilling or correct, because you’ll have a void in yourself that can be only filled by you. Not by anyone else. 

So, I began to live for myself... and life got so much easier. It was like a veil had been lifted and I felt one thousand pounds lighter. How? Because I was living for myself, to please myself. No one else. I can say it’s a lot easier to fulfill the expectations of one person (yourself) than the expectations of 20 other people. Many people don’t even get the chance to ever truly be alone in their lives, and as a result they never truly grow, they never learn to be their own best friend. And that ultimately fucks them, because eventually we all feel alone, and what sets you and me apart is that we are okay with it. Others are not. 

Validation is for parking, and opinions are a dime a dozen. If you live life trying to fulfill the expectations of others and expect everyone to have a great opinion about you, you will never, ever be happy. I thought I was supposed to act a certain way, hang out with a certain crowd, everyone was supposed to have wonderful opinions about me, and if not, at least like me. No. People suck. People disappoint. Don’t place your happiness in the hands of others. If you place your happiness in your own hands, no one can take it away from you because it’s yours to keep.

I barley had enough energy for myself, let alone others. Your energy is valuable. It’s for you. You choose what to do with it. My advice, use it on yourself, not worrying about what others think or how they feel about you. That all falls into place when you first learn to love yourself, spend more time on yourself, use your energy on yourself. There is nothing more attractive than a person that is flourishing due to their own self-love.

I’ve fallen in with love being alone... sure if I died right now, not many people would care. I wouldn’t leave much of an impact on the world. Most people wouldn’t think much of it. But who gives a fuck about what other people think?? Place value in yourself. You live for you and no one else. So fuck other people, fuck their thoughts, opinions and expectations. You are at your most potent right now, where you have nothing to lose and EVERYTHING to gain.

I’m not a replacement for professional psychiatric/ psychological help, however I am here to help anyone who wants someone to talk to. 

If you’ve read this far, thank you, and I hope my words have helped in some way.