What should I do?First of all I want to apologize for my bad English. I am not a native speaker. I’m a 21 years old guy, I am (or I was, things are not clear for me right now) in a relationship with a girl for two and a half years and after five months of relation we moved together. We did this because we were moving towns to college and this seems to be the right thing. She managed to adapt quickly to the new town, I don’t. She has friends over there, relatives, I have nothing except her. This drives me into a depression. This is when I had my first suicidal thoughts. I did not find a reason to live, to try to do good in life. I did not want to work or go to school anymore because I did not find a reason.  I’ve talked to her and it made me feel better for a short period of time. We made future plans, marriage, kids, a big house with pool. Stuff like that. 
I love her more than anything else in this world but I don’t know how to show it. I don’t know how to treat a woman, how to be romantic, spontaneous etc. A week ago she said she is having and affair with a guy. He’s a nolifer, no school, no future, no money but she found at him what I can’t give. Attention. We need to move back together at the end of this month. We had to stay in the same house for at least a month so we had to talk. Two days ago she came to my house (during summer time we have to stay at our parents house in our hometown), we talk, she said that she still loves me, but she did not want to leave that guy for now. I have to wait till the end of the month to move back together and then maybe we can still make things work between us. Then we cuddle, we kiss and even had sex. After that she asked me to drive her home. I’m naive so I am willing to forgive her and I don’t want to be judged for this. I think it’s the best thing for both of us. 
I came back home and I started to cry. I opened the windows, lit a cigarette and I was prepared to jump after I finish it. For some reason I called a friend and I said to him that he’s the last person who will talk to me because I am ready to die. He kept me on the phone, run to my home and talked to me. We drank beers, talk and laugh for the rest of that night. It felt better for a short period of time, but now I am afraid to remain home alone because I’m sure I’ll want to end my life again. I’m afraid that if we go back to our home, and then one of us moves out I`ll kill myself. I`m afraid to talk to her about this because I think she will get scared and run away. Who the hell wants to date a guy like me?
I don’t know why I write this. I hope that a good word from someone who has been through what I'm going it will make me feel better. 
TL;DR my girlfriend dumped me, I don’t see any future for me and I already tried to kill myself. I want a good word from someone who won’t judge me.
