Friend tells me she plans to end her life when her dog dies.Okay, the title sounds pretty messed up I suppose, but this is what I'm dealing with... I was going to go post something in r/relationship advice before, but now I'm here instead with a much bigger problem.

First some background. For the tldr, just scan down a few paragraphs...

I've known this girl for a few years, let's call her P. We met through my best friend whom she was dating at the time. Long story short, they broke up, but all three of us remained friends. One evening, P and I got drunk and watched a movie together, one thing lead to another and she was spending the night -- a pretty amazing night. We fooled around a few more times after that, but while we were both having a lot of fun together, she was still pretty hung up on my best friend, who wanted very little to do with her at that point. (We never told him about us... Figured it'd be awkward.) I decided this was a bad situation for me to be in... We clearly had feelings for each other, but I attributed that solely on the great sex, and decided that not telling my buddy, and just ended the fooling around with P would be best. She agreed.


A few months later and I'm dating someone else. It becomes serious. Fast forward a couple of years, I'm happily broken up with my ex of 2 years, and have a place of my own again. I've kept in loose touch with P up to this point and she happens to be single as well. (After a couple of short relationships in the last couple of years.) We talk about how much fun we had together, and decide to see each other again; spending a couple of nights together, then again on Valentines Day. I realize I genuinely feel very strongly about P, and it's not just a sex thing anymore... Maybe it never was. I've thought about her off and on in the last couple of years, but just pushed that out of my mind, as I was with someone else. I digress...


She tells me on Thursday that she thinks we should just be friends... I'm confused and ask her a few short questions about why, and she assures me it's because she doesn't have enough time for, "this situation" so I play it cool, just as she did years ago when I told her the same thing... I think about it for a couple days. I consider asking r/relationship advice about what to do, but decide to just stop being an idiot and drop it... Being friends is fine.



Last night I throw that out the window and write her a fair sized message about how I feel. She responses extremely wellthis morning, telling me that she thought it was just about sex, and if I'm really into her, she thinks we would be successful as a couple. I feel like I've won the lottery.



Then she hits me with, "Oh, this will probably change your opinion of me though..."



When her 10 year old rottweiler dies, she plans to check out with her... I'm like... "What?"



Apparently she was suicidal in her early 20s; Very serious about it. She made a list of all the things she would do before she ever considered suicide again. She's completed that list, short of dropping everything and moving some place far away, because in her idea, if you're planning on ending your life anyway, why not take a chance and just pack up and get a change of scenery...



Her mother died when she was in her teens... Her grandma died last year. She doesn't get along with her sisters very well, but apparently the "rational" ones already know of her plans and understand her... She has life insurance, so that makes it okay. Again, I'm going... "What?" She's taken various anti-depressants over the years, but nothing has worked for her... She's tells me she's usually unhappy and it gets worse every day.



I spent some time with her earlier. We talked about a few things, and I tell her that what she's just told me this morning is all I can think about, though I don't know what to say or do... 



Honestly, it sounds crazy to me, but I'm taking her seriously. I know she is attached to her dog, and I have thought about how much of a wreck she'd be when it dies... I thought I could be there for her when it happens, but I didn't expect this at all. 



I'm afraid and don't know what to do to help her...
