Academic problems are making me want to commit suicide.I've already decided that if I don't succeed academically I'm going to commit suicide. (Better to end my life than live an absurd one.)

However, being as I have asked for help several times both from people at the school and from third parties I would like to post the reasons I've made this decision:

1. Asking for help from instructors (one aside) has been futile. They make it increasingly clear they don't want to help me. I'm not argumentative, but my way of learning anything math based is to do a problem, and when I make a mistake to be corrected. Ensuring I don't 'make any mistakes' through the entire process of the mathematics.(I'm going into a stem field.) None of them seem to understand this.

2. Going to the help offered at the school has also been useless. Of the 15 (yes 15) time I've gone to the math help place, I was 'helped' 3 times. Of those 3 times, only once did the person not get up and walk away saying "I can't help you sorry." (Its trig I was getting help with. Not even anything complex.) There are other places you can get help, and the results were similar.

3. Talking to the therapists at the school, their responses were almost in disbelief at my experiences above. They went along with it, and told me to go to the disability resource center, where I could learn better study habits, and see if I had ADhD (I was diagnosed when I was younger.) I also have attended therapy, but not for academic problems.

4. I have almost no interest in anything outside of my major, and refuse to work any menial job.

5. My academic advisor has yet to do anything but criticize me. He quite literally told me I was a waste of his time, before even asking about my grades.

6. Going to outside sources for help (tutors/peers) has been mostly a waste of time. One person is helping me effectively, and I had one good tutor, but it wasn't for the classes I'm currently in. I'll go through the list of tutors briefly: (all but one were from the schools website, try to guess which.) 1. Showed up, told me out right he wasn't going to do anything that he stated he would on the phone, and that we would only go over what he thought was right. Told him to leave, and I wasn't paying him, tried to fight me. 2. Sever autism, not going to go over what exactly he was doing, but believe me it was apparent. I'm not sure he could speak. 3. Showed up completely wasted on the second 'sitting' told him I wasn't paying him as soon as he showed up, also tried to fight me over it, and kept screaming things like "You are going to fail with out me." in public. 4. Showed up, did a good job, later text me saying that they couldn't help me again and apologized. 5. Refused to help me unless I came to his house, wouldn't meet in public, sent me e-mails stating that I would fail without his help, 'your worthless blah blah blah' type stuff when I refused to meet at his house. Kept telling me I owed him money. 



None of my project member's, or group member's have done a single thing on any project, 3 of my projects I turned in having done all the work. The one group that wasn't the case in, one of the girls constantly threatened to turn us in for plagiarism, for reasons beyond my understanding. (As nothing was plagiarized, she kept saying "I'm an honors role student, and if we get a bad grade I'm going to make sure something bad happens to all of you. They *will* believe me." To which I replied "I'm going to make sure we get bad grades, and call your bluff, cunt." One of the other group member's laughed and she just got huffy.)

I'm at a point and I don't know what to do from here. Honestly I'm just at this point where I want to learn the material from the major I want, but am seriously questioning if there is even a reason other than 'to get a job' for going to University. It feels...like a waste of time. Like if I could just find someone who was competent, and willing to help me (even if it meant paying them) it would be worth it. I know how I learn, and I cant find anyone to help me.

Edit: Almost everything posted here shows a general lack of understanding of the situation I am in. If anything its honestly only made me see the futility of my attempts.