I've had itI feel like I'm good for nothing. I can't hold my ground in an argument. I can never seem to be right. I never win. I'm bad at everything I enjoy. I have people that act like they care about me; at least half of them are doing it out of pity, though. I always feel offended/attacked when anyone disagrees with me, and it's because I'm so dang sensitive. I left two subreddits because I felt attacked by a couple of users there, even though they supposedly had no intentions. I take everything as a personal attack. I never win. I end up in this spiral of self-deprecation, and my mind always drags me back in when I try to get out. I try to defend myself when I feel threatened, but I only get attacked more to the point where I want to take the nearest sharp object and kill myself.

Sure, I'm 16, and *maybe* I'll get better at this whole "living" thing. But who cares? I don't how long it'll take for me to mature enough to get better and be able to not get offended and adequately defend myself. I want to get from point A to point B without being between A and B, if that makes sense.

I wanna do it. I want to die. I don't know how. I'm too scared. I do not have the willpower to harm myself with anything sharp. I'm too scared to ingest some harmful substance like bleach. I could run my car off the road, but I don't know if I even have the willpower to do that. I just want someone to break into my house and shoot me point-blank in the head while I'm asleep. Sure, call me a wimp. I'm probably not suicidal anyway because I can't find the guts to try to do it.

I don't know why I'm posting this. I guess I just want to get this off my chest somehow. My therapist isn't helping. Lord knows my parents don't know how to handle me. My school counselor doesn't know me well enough. Of course, you don't either. This just feels more comfortable. Can anyone relate? Does anyone have any advice for someone who's trapped in a household and just wants to push away every person in his life?

Sorry if that was an incoherent ramble. I doubt many (if any) people will see this (especially with only 562 online), but I figured I'd apologize anyway.