Not depressed or suicidal, just need to talk/ventHey, so I don't know if this is the right place for this, as you can probably see I'm not suicidal, or even depressed probably, I'm just really down and have been for the past few days. I feel pretty awful, I'm not sure where to start with this so that it makes sense. This may look like a post looking for advice, while advice is welcome, I'm more looking for a place to vent/sympathy :)

 I live in a small village, very small, there are about 200 people in my High School and about 20 in my class last year. Accordingly this small tight knit atmosphere can make you feel so alone, and it did for me. Until I was around 15 I was bullied, very badly in the start though it got better until it stopped when I got older. That doesn't really bother me that much though at the minute, I've gotten over it really, what bothers me more is the loneliness I feel right now. For various (academic) reasons I have taken a year out after High School instead of going to University, and went to College for a year, so right now I am barely seeing people.

Though it's not just the lack of contact that makes me feel shit, it's more a lack of female contact. Due to living in a tiny village and being socially inept until I was 16, I've never kissed a  girl, which, at the age of 18, really depresses me. On Saturday I went out with friends I didn't really know (long boring story as to why we all went out), in a city (about 3 hours away) and I met a girl. I'd met her before years ago, and we became quite close friends but kind of drifted apart. Anyway we hit it off well on Saturday. (I think anyway, pretty sure there was something there, just don't know what that 'thing' was, just drunken mutual attraction or something more, other people did say stuff as well), I'm pretty sure I like her, she's pretty, smart, nice, fun, slightly nerdy, likes awesome music, probably cooler than me and artistic, all things I love in a girl, but there are two problems. Firstly she lives about 3 hours away from me, this is also a problem as I have no excuse to see her, and it's unlikely that I'll ever see her again until at least September (The University she goes to is my second or third choice university, but my first choice haven't responded yet) and even that is pretty unlikely. And secondly she has a boyfriend. I feel pretty down about this and it doesn't help that I spend all my time on the internet.

College is only a couple hours each week and it doesn't really challenge me, I live at least a 2 hour walk from the nearest village, and I can't drive (yet). I'm looking for things to do, but I can;t seem to find anything, I've thought about exercising but find it hard to get myself motivated, plus there's not much to do apart from walk/run through forest, which never interested me. (I'm a pretty skinny guy, but by no means unattractive), apart from that I've got no idea what to do all day.

Thanks for listening reddit, advice, sympathy and e-hugs are all very welcome.