GreyLife is grey. I remember a time when I used to see color. I remember a time when I felt involved. I remember a time when I could see a big plot in my head about how my life was going to go. I remember when life seemed like a bright opportunity to me.

But as I grew older I came to realize that life is entirely pointless. There is nothing I wish to accomplish. I don’t even want to survive. I don’t want to work. I don’t want to go to school. I don’t want friends. I don’t want partners. I want to disappear from the rest of society like a ghost and just do what I wilt, no more hunger, no more fatigue, no more authority.

There are some things I enjoy in my life. I maintain a very active lifestyle and eat well. I love rapping, exercise and spearfishing. That’s it. That’s where my ambitions end. 

I don’t think I could ever make music my career, because I don’t want to go to school, which you have to do if you really want to work with the technical side of music. I write and write and sing and sing day in and day out, another bar and another beer and another freestyle. But it’s going nowhere. I’m so poor I don’t even know how to get anywhere with my music. I have nothing to record it, I don’t know many other musicians (I struggle to make friendships), all I do is wander the streets of my little beach town getting drunk with the hobos and rapping. People always love my stuff, which always makes my day a little better. But it doesn’t pay the bills so why does it matter anyway; money is the only thing of true value in the eyes of the human. 


Unfortunately the majority of waking human life is a treacherous, worthless fucking lie where you slave away to no end till you wind up dead like everyone else anyways. No big party. Life is not fun. Human life is a miserable fucking struggle born out of a omnivorous ape growing too smart for its own good. Life is not meant to be enjoyed, it’s made to be fought against till it inevitably defeats you in one way or another. Maybe it defeats you with a bus, or cardiac arrest, or a fucking plane crash. At least that’d be more exciting than pathetically slitting my own wrists in a public bathroom so my mom doesn’t have to find my dead body.

I’m 21 and I’m watching from the sidelines as my peers get married, go to school, move out, enjoy their pointless lives somehow. I’m just resigned to my tiny corner of life, alone and having no place in this void. I watch them and know in my heart I’ll never catch up. I never fucking will. I was not born to survive this cycle. I was born with a broken mind and a weak soul. I try to express myself through music and poetry, and it does help, but it realistically gets me nowhere in this life other than impressing girls and wowing people sometimes. I have no ambition. I have no clear-cut path to follow so I just wander into nothingness and twiddle my thumbs hoping something pops up from out of the fog of life. It’s a very hopeless feeling. Love is the same thing every time you feel it, the circumstances just change. Hatred is the same thing every time you feel it, the level of intensity just changes based on your perception. I feel like after experiencing all the basic human emotions, I’ve run my course. I’ve had 21 years to observe how this all works, and I’m formally opting out of it before the next cycle starts, worse and more intense than the last cycles I’ve run through. I’m weary and sick of repeating myself like I’m stuck on a loop making the same mistakes, burning my bridges anytime I build them, lying around because it doesn’t feel like there’s anything better to do. This life is boring, and then hard, and then more boring. Fuck this shit I’m out.