There is no polite way to kill yourself  This is the single fact that has stopped me ending my own life time and time again. People always tell me "things will get better" and "there are people that care about you," only the latter seems to be correct. People do care about me, but I still haven't gotten better, try as I might I can't get over this. I'll have weeks go by without incident and the faintest hope that things will change, but one bad day and I'm back at the edge. If I did end my own life, chose to take the easy way out, I'd be hurting others in the process: If I decided to jump, who would have to sweep me up? If I shot myself, who would have to wipe my brain of the wall? In taking my own life I leave others with a bigger burden, I'm not a selfish person...

  I don't really want to die, just to stop existing; To depart without hurting anyone, to have never existed in the first place. If only that were an option. I don't really know what I seek to gain by posting this here. Just to get the standard; "Your life has meaning!", "There are people that can help you!", "You aren't in that bad a situation.", from some random people I've never met. Though, I'll probably gain even less by devaluing people like that.

  I'm 19, I live with my parents and 4 other siblings, I never went to highschool but I got my GED and I'm a college sophomore. Despite having a loving family I've never been able to connect with anyone on a deeper level. I've always felt adverse toward people different than me but feel disgusted by people similar to me. I don't actively push people away but I often don't notice how my actions affect others around me. I have a lot of problems that have gone undiagnosed and untreated for too long and I'm not sure how bad it really is, but bouncing from apathetic to suicidal day to day isn't a good sign.

  I'm honestly disgusted by myself. I can't commit to anything, I can't make up my own opinions (when I do they're the unpopular ones), and my taste in everything is trash. My whole childhood growing up in special-ed I was an outcast among outcasts. I was bullied and I felt like I deserved it. Nobody ever took my side, when I stood up for myself I was the one who got punished. I may be cherry picking but I struggle to remember things from my childhood that weren't traumatic in some way. My parents removed me from school in 8th grade after I nearly killed the worst bully in school. All his "friends" didn't help him. Teachers? Just stood and watched. It was only after he stopped moving that they finally pulled me off him, I'm still haunted by what I did that day. The school was closed down a few years later for more than just inhuman treatment of students. Too little too late, the damage was done.

I suppose venting here did make me feel slightly better. But something's going to ruin my mood again soon enough. I spent way too long editing this.