Everything is fucking against me and I don’t think it’s worth it anymoreSorry for the poor grammar and formatting, i’m on mobile. 

I’m 14 years old. I’m currently in therapy and on antidepressants and a stimulant. I got put on meds in late june and started therapy a few weeks ago but I’ve only had two appointments. I’m in therapy because i’ve been struggling for a very long time. In fourth grade my grandma died and I never got over it. I also got teased a lot in fourth grade and was very lonely. This was the first time I expressed suicidal thoughts. I told my mom I wanted to jump out of my window. She didn’t even fucking remember. I haven’t talked to my dad since september because he was a manipulative bastard yet I didn’t realize it for a long time. I had to move in 2017 and again in december of last year. I only really have one friend who I talk to regularly. Everyone i meet online gets boring after a little bit. Everything seems to be against me now. My mom, the one person i had didn’t even fucking remember i told her i was suicidal. i’ve been fucking suicidal since fourth grade, i fucking told her i was suicidal yet she didn’t even remember. i was too much of a pussy to kill myself and now the only reason i haven’t is because of my chinchilla and turtle. everything is against me and i’m so tired of trying to get better. suicides the easy way out and it makes no sense to not take it. i ain’t religious, i believe that when someone dies they just don’t think. it’s just nothing. i’ve gone through so much fucking suffering and i’ve only been on this dumb world for 14 years. i don’t want to leave my friend or my pets but i’m starting to get to the point of not caring. i don’t have another therapy appointment for two weeks and i don’t want to be stuck in a mental hospital. my step sister had to go to one and she told me about it. that fucking hospital would make someone suicidal. i don’t know what to do anymore. i just want all of the bad things to go away. i can’t even talk to my mom. sorry for the rambling and i know i didn’t use proper grammar.