Stereotypical feeling, but I have no idea how this will go onHeya, I'm Julie, 20.

Well, I'm back in my realistically suicidal mood again. Right now it doesn't feel *extremely* acute, as in, I'm not going to kill myself tonight, but I know I've had acute passive suicidality for 3 weeks again now, that is, I legitimately would love for something to kill me in my sleep or during a walk or whatever. (My own way of testing is this: I can easily panic in the dark and am at least uncomfortable enough in the dark for a night light [at 20 lol] to be almost necessary, when there's nobody around. Whenever I feel this "passively suicidal", I absolutely don't give a shit anymore about darkness or anything.)

Until 3 weeks ago, I've been somewhat mentally stable for an overall length of a year - with short exceptions, but overall I thought I was finally "over the hill". Then, on one day 3 weeks ago I got the news that:

* my best friend, let's call her Isabelle (the love of my life since 3 years; it's not mutual, at least not in a romantic sense, but I've found ways to make it comfortable for both of us being best friends and loving each other, while differently, in a de facto mutual way), moving in with another one of my closer friends, let's call her Hannah.

* Hannah, who I've also been romantically interested in since a few months ago, starting to date another one of my closer friends, let's call them Mackenzie (who I'm [well, was] *also* romantically interested in [this one was semi-mutual for some time, until 3 weeks ago]) and it now being some sort of teenage relationship between them (you know, matching couple names on social media, liking all of the other's statuses, always together, etc. etc. - essentially them making sure you *know* they're dating)

Apart from this, my cat died 2 weeks ago and my university, despite good performance, might kick me out as I'm unable to attend a lot of classes because of my mental health.

I told all of them about how much these things hurt me - rationally and irrationally (some days I'm better at dealing with it, on most days, however, I'm feeling like today) - and, for example, Isabelle did hear me out, as per usual, and re-iterated that I'm her absolute best friend and that nothing could change that. My problem is just that Isabelle's actions don't really match that. She's talking so much to Hannah right now, and barely ever talks to me. She often times ignores me messaging her (though, that is understandable, because she has ADD, but recently it's been way over the average) and she, not even necessearily in exceptional situations (where it's almost coercive), says a nice thing about me. 

It just feels as though my best friend will be gone soon, Mackenzie and Hannah will both just continue to ignore me and that, in the end, I will have lost 3 of my 4 close friends in a matter of 3 weeks. All of that combined with the other stuff just makes it absolutely, entirely unbearable and I have no idea as to what to do. I am in therapy, even on medication (irregularly, Mirtazapine), but it just doesn't help.
I've been through so many therapeutic ideas, but none of them work. The primary problem, in my perspective, is that I *am* entirely reflective, I have been for such a long time, I'm looking at my situation, trying to find the good bits - but right now the only good bits I actually have are that my physical health has gotten better (ironically), that I recently have gotten a rare, historical rifle for free and that I have a place that I can sleep, eat and "work" in. Everything else just doesn't exist.

I know, objectively/statistically speaking, that things can and will change, especially when you're only 20, but I just do not have the energy anymore. I just don't know anymore as to what to do.

Thanks for reading this short, absolutely unexhaustive and rambly thingie, but I just need a place to unload this. And, thank you in advance as well for any comments, if there will be any.