I just want to go to a nice, clean, comfortable medical clinic and be euthanized in peace and with dignity, with as little pain and trauma as possible.And the Canadian gov't won't even give me that. Euthanasia is legal, but only after the Canadian gov't drains you of every last penny they can wring out of you. I fucking HATE this piece of shit country.

Canada is a shit hole and yet it's supposedly one of the best countries on earth... what's the point of living if this is the best life has to offer? to slave away every week to keep living in a shit hole?

people in my community WANT me to commit suicide, it'll give them something juicy to gossip about for a few days, especially my co-worker Jean, there is nothing more he would love than for me to commit suicide so he can crack some more jokes at my expense, eh, you piece of shit? same kind of guy who would ridicule someone with Down's Syndrome to their face, what an emotionally bankrupt douchebag.

hope you get hit by a bus, you privileged, ungrateful, incompetent PIECE OF SHIT. i'd stand over your dying body and chant "JEAN JEAN JEAN JEAN" under my breath and then laugh, just like you did to me, you piece of shit.

fucking piece of shit, Jean, ostracizing a co-worker, a woman, who survived years of child sexual abuse and violent child abuse in foster care and this piece of shit if GETTING OFF ON IT LIKE IT'S THE FUNNIEST THING IN THE WORLD.

hope your life is destroyed and you find yourself living in a fucking gutter and have to crawl your way out all on your own, just like i had to do, all by myself, you PIECE OF SHIT.

Jean "Privileged Piece of Shit" Douchebag coworker, may all your hateful words and ridicule and ostracism and DOUCHEBAGGERY come back at you tenfold, you utter and complete piece of shit. and all you who stood by and let him get away with it? who didn't call him out on it? hope the same thing happens to you. hope it comes back at you tenfold too.

i never did anything to hurt you, and you go out of your way to hurt me and drive me to SUICIDE?

you deserve every bad thing in the world.

you and every person who stood by and didn't shut you down.

you deserve every bad thing to happen to you.