I really need help guysI’m literally on the brink of suicide. The only thing stopping me is my boyfriend. The thing is, he’s hurt me to the point me recalling what’s happened in the past is encouraging me to end it. It’s not just that though, the sexual abuse I suffered as a young child at school by another student along with the verbal and physical abuse from my dad played a large factor. I keep a knife in my room as a way to stop cutting. This seems really weird but I made a promise to my boyfriend I would stop cutting. Cutting has always been a coping mechanism of mine but in exchange of him stopping something, I agreed not to cut nor smoke. It’s been difficult but I love him enough to stop. Fair enough I’ve broken the promise in response to him breaking his promise but now I’ve stopped for about 2 months now. I keep a knife in my room so I can teach myself to be strong and fight the urges. If I can be exposed to a knife and not want to cut. It’s getting harder and harder every day though. I wake up every night from nightmares and have to convince myself not to kill myself. But when I say ‘convince’ I mean I have to physically restrain myself from going downstairs and slashing myself up or taking a load of pills, go on a walk and lay on the train tracks anything that will just kill me. My self esteem is so fucking bad. I’m physically repulsed by the sight of my own body. I sent nudes to different guys because I wanted the attention and compliments, something I’d never had. When I told my boyfriend, he got angry and said he thought I was an attention seeking whore. That really fucking hurt. Hearing the love of my life say that about me and I know that’s what he really thinks. He tells me that he said out of anger and he wanted to hurt me(we were having a very heated argument) I just can’t do it anymore. I nap just so I don’t have to be awake, I need help but I can only get it at the start of next month, I don’t even think I’d last that long. I help others and try to convince them to not commit suicide and honestly that helps. Me helping others makes me feel good, but it’s not enough to make me happy. I honestly don’t think I’ve ever felt true happiness, not even with my boyfriend. However, being with him has brought me closest to true happiness as I ever thought I could feel. I don’t think I’m ever gonna be happy. It’s gonna stay shit forever so what’s the point?