I hate my life and my choicesI'll be honest and I take complete responsibility for below par performances, and failing in an entrance exam twice. Being an average student in India is being a liability to your family. I didn't have such bad performances before, until last 3 years. I hastily took Science( Maths and Engineering) after 10th grade to avoid spending huge amount of money for tuitions. I loathe myself for not thinking it over properly. I failed twice, and am now only eligible for a new non-engineering and a local college with no countrywide recognition, no job prospects . And I didn't fair well into other exams either. I did as much as I could do, but it wasn't enough. It always look liked fighting a losing battle. I do not have much options in my hand. I have developed a dislike for engineering and I can't get on board doing it now. I want to pursue non-technical fields like law, business administration and journalism, and to pursue I can give their entrances next year which would mean spending another year in home, considering I fell just short of clearing their entrances. Another thing with that is if you have difference of two years between your school and under graduation, you are overlooked for college placements, and any promising job in general. The society isn't kind to you at all if you are 18 and have no college. 

I have let my parents down massively, twice. I can't afford to do it once again. I feel miserable for letting them down and dashing their hopes, time and time again.  My mother feels that my life is looking more and more destined to not be great, unlike kids she teaches and kids of her colleague, who all made it to good colleges. She avoids talking to anybody about me, because it will be embarrassing.

It really hurts me. Sometimes I can't sleep enough or sometimes I sleep a lot. My distant family isn't close, they only care about their success in their lives, look down to those who aren't mighty. I'm alone in this. I can't see the look of disappointment and embarrassment on the faces of my parents, anymore. I can't bear anymore of " why can't you do better ?" or "why are you like this?" . There have been plenty of moments where I just wanted to run away and just end it all, but I can't. I cannot live and be a waste of space. I'm sorry. 