Hey I kinda need helpI'm writing this pretty early in the morning, everyone is sleeping rn still. I guess this is more a confession / cry for help more than anything.  


Basic gist is, I'm a trans-woman who is... pretty attractive. Before I got a gf about a year ago, I used to go on reddit and post nudes or various lingerie pics, etc... I don't have a lot of self-esteem and so I became pretty reliant on others for any kind of self-worth. When I got with my gf I still had those feelings but obviously had a different outlet. Having my gf compliment me or us having sex, etc... helped me push myself away from that codependent mindset I had with positing pics and stuff and into another... codependent relationship with my gf. Even worse is we're slowly drifting apart now and I feel as though a breakup is on the horizon. I'm very anxious avoidant and scared of people leaving me and so this right now is just like... tearing me apart.

The thoughts of going back on reddit and posting pics or talking to other people is starting to come back to my mind again and I'm both scared and upset at myself. I don't consider myself someone to ever cheat on someone but the mindset I'm in rn feels like it's pushing me to post pics again and stuff again because I'm just so. fucking. depressed.

Even more so I'm upset because me and her are like fucking soul-mates and we have all the same interests and intersecting hobbies and stuff, it's just that we met RIGHT when covid hit, right when my medicine started costing 400 a month ( basically couldn't afford it and it was super stressful ) and just various other stupid shit. She's basically only seen the anxious, upset, sad version of me this whole time... kind of a uhm, right person at the wrong time situation. 

There's so much other relationship stuff I can talk about here but it's literally too much for this page.

I've always rly just wanted to be a model I guess and be "wanted" by others and I want so much to just drop these stupid fucking low-paying day jobs and DO something and GO somewhere and BE someone. I posted a while ago on a dating site and got a bunch of responses for sugar-daddies or well-to-do people and I instead went with my gf. I don't regret that decision at all ofc, but when I'm in this mindset rn I keep asking myself that "what if" y'know? I mean like trans-surgeries are like 50k like I'm never gonna be able to afford that... but what if I met someone with money a long time ago? what different situation would I be in now...

I'm just feeling stuck and lost and worthless and idk what to do. I have a super bad history of depression and stuff and suicidal thoughts, and I'm almost questioning on the daily whether I should just like... kms y'know? But I'm stuck even more because what if this relationship DOES workout? or what if some miracle happens and I inherit money and can live not paycheck to paycheck or finally get a surgery or something...

god just help me lmfao