September, 05. 2020.*Diary Entry: Rainy Days*

Woke up on Friday with suicidal thoughts. Had a nightmare on Thursday. Had anxiety last night. Woke up depressed on Wednesday. 

It’s Saturday and things are so... blurry. I wonder if there’s ever any end to my mental sufferings. I feel so lost in life, in my journey. I feel tired all the time. 

I’m really struggling with suicidal thoughts right now. I want to end my life, and not continue this endless self-disappointment, imperfection and struggles. These pointless fantasies of having a great life. Anxieties. These mini-heartbreaks. These resentment, anger and envy I don’t even know where to direct. 

Whatever I will do will not fit into the narrative I love and perfect picture continuation of the story. Whatever I do will disappoint me. I will continue being hit by life and myself, again and again.

So why can’t I just finish it?

How easy would it be. These thoughts are obsessively rolling in my head like old cinema tapes. I know life is all about misery but I can’t endure it. I am indeed really well, not tough enough, I’m sensitive. I’m a snowflake. 

No matter how productively and perfectly I finish my schedule, I still get no satisfaction to its fullest. 

I don’t love myself, I bore myself. I think no man should love me either. There’s nothing good about me and if a man loved me, he’d be fooling himself. And how can I let my lover be dishonest to himself? It’s the best if I just die alone and not bother anyone, not even the nurses should bother with me. 

I want some peace of mind. 

I really envy people who just... exist. Have no thoughts, heavy ideas, have no crazy ambitions they can never realistically achieve that hurts them, have no anxieties, or a tyrannical figure in their heads telling them every single thing they do is not enough. 

Every time I think about suicide, I disappoint myself. I feel like all the growth and progress I’ve made since my last suicide attempt and my mental is lost. I feel like I betrayed myself again and again. 

Then, when I feel good, something in the back of my head tells me this happy moment doesn’t matter because I will have suicidal thoughts again. 

I have no friends. I feel so lonely.

I love to assume that I don’t have social circles because I’m quiet and introverted. 

Maybe at the end of the day I just have a really shitty personality that nobody wants to deal with. 

It’s honestly surprising how good I am at keeping my composure when I feel like breaking down and cry out loud in public. I always suck it up. I always carry myself elegantly, very calm, very ladylike, and wait until I get home. 

I really fucking despise myself. I hate the way I look, the way I sing, the way I dance, I hate the way my voice sounds, I hate my heavy ambitions, I hate my dreams that don’t let me live in peace, I hate the way I dress, I hate my habits. I hate the way food tastes. I hate the way my stomach rolls when I sit down. I hate the way my chin doubles when I lay down. I hate the way my eyes get puffy in the morning. 

Most importantly, I hate how complex I am. My personality, my thoughts, my mind, they are too hard to understand, too hard to analyze. It I was another person watching my from external world, I would never deal with me. Too much labour. Too much hard work. And joke’s on me for dreaming about a man I can bond with and call my soulmate. No person would ever want to deal with a woman whose mind is as heavy as an airport baggage. 

Honestly, if a car hit me, I would thank the driver.  I hope someone accidentally runs over me today. 

Oh, wait. I don’t even go outside my house anymore. No drunk drivers for me. 

I feel like there’s a big authoritarian, abusive tyrant in my head that makes me write those awful things about myself, the very tyrant that makes me do the greatest things in my life, overpushing myself, allowing me reach the perfection, the same tyrant that inspires me to do great art is the same tyrant that pushes me closer to suicide. If I didn’t have this tyrant, I’d be happy, but I would also be absolutely untalented. 

I understand Kanye West so much when he said when he takes his meds, he can’t be creative. When he said his mind is in genius mode when he’s depressed. 

I think artistic people are born to suffer. 

It’s not that artists do art, therefore suffer. It’s that those people suffer, they cope by doing art, then become masters in their craftsmanship, then become great artists as a consequence. 

Great artists suffered long time before their first artists debuts. 

It is so tempting. If I had to describe my suicidal thoughts, it’d be like putting a cheesecake in front a of a girl who has been dieting for months. She knows she needs to stay on diet, she knows she should not give in, otherwise what’s the point of all of this? But it’s still so tempting and she salivates, because it would be something that relives her. And it’s so painful to watch the cheesecake and hope that hunger will ease down a little bit. But once she gives in, the diet is over. Diet symbolizing life and the cheesecake being death. 

I am the starving girl on diet right now. 

If I had to describe my depressing thoughts, It would be “sounds very irrational, but feels very convincing.” Because I know, I KNOW how irrational they are. I know they are probably not true. But it JUST feels convincing. Just like when you turn the lights off and feel like someone is staring at you from the darkness even though you KNOW there is nobody else in the room and you turn back the lights on from that convincingly scary feeling because it overpowers your rationality and logic, I feel the same way about suicide and depression. 

Sounds irrational, but feels convincing.