I need someone to talk too, and I feel too awkward to call a hotline...Hi

I've had a pretty mediocre adult life, I spent my childhood skipping grades and graduating early and always being told I was going to do something special with my intelligence and my life. When I got to college I didn't know what to do and I ended up dropping out because I couldn't handle the social pressure combined with deciding my life. (afterwards diagnosised and therapy for aspergers, which had been misdiagnosised as OCD, ADHD, and Depression. 

Here I am nearly 30, I work a blue collar shitty job that barely pays the bills. And recently the one aspect of my life I was happy with...turned to shit.

I was friends with this girl, she liked me but I was oblivious too it, until we became roommates. Then we started sleeping together platonically then as lovers. She has kids and for the better part of a year this carried on being lovers, playing house, etc. Then a guy she was interested in but never has time for her, wanted to try and make time. And she dumped me and broke my heart. I've continued on living there...and after that guy broke her heart and she single she doesn't want to be anything more then friends.

I keep trying to tell her...that I can't be just friends. I can't go out to the bar and watch her take someone how, or flirt with other guys. I don't want to be in that situation but if I leave I'll be leaving her financially vulenrable. Ie she can't afford the place without me. So now  I gotta choose between letting down the woman I love down.

And then I've tried moving on somedays are better then others. She doesn't care for me the way I care for her. I'm in love with her, and yet no woman can replace her.

I'm stuck in this stupid loop, I love her, she doesn't love me, I can never replace her. Everytime I go out with another girl, she seems drab and timid in comparison. 

I've gotten low, real low a couple of times and tried to work up the adrenaline to end my pain. Just ended up scarring my arms with hesitation marks.

I just want this all to end. I'm never going to be able to replace her, I'm nearly 30 and I have no family to speak of, I tired of trying I just want to curl up in a ball and feel nothing.