I'm told it get's better, but it is not... and it shows no signs of doing so.I left home from my father's when I was about to turn 18, I was tired of living in squalor while so many families lived happily... I wanted that so badly, just basic living standards... and I wanted purpose, a career.

Our living condition just deteriorated to the point where the walls and floors were bare, our furniture was tarnished and broken, there were too many animals living with us and everything stunk of piss.

So I ran away... no message, no notes... and I found myself in supported accommodation for the physically and mentally disabled.

I spent 3-4 years there owning my social skills, attending college, being taken care of... and at the end of that I left to study at university whilst living in student housing.

I graduated at the top of my class and had my first internship... my social skills were not anything to praise about and it often left me in situations where interaction with me was undesirable to my peers.

This became commonplace. Those I tried to befriend over time grew distant. This could be in part to my preference for solitude as I find interaction with other people to be a little tiring in the workplace, but more casually I thrive.

This happened again in my first full time job, whilst I did well at my job for someone with barely any experience in the skillset required they still kept me on... for a time.

Then I was made redundant... and I lost all of what little confidence in my abilities I had and it reinforced my inability to be social... including with my partner who is still with me now.

The next job I couldn't concentrate at... I was too distracted by the idea that they would let me go at any moment... my ability to work deteriorated as a result and eventually I was reprimanded for my poor performance... so I quit.

The next job I had the same issue occurred except they ended up firing me.

It was at this time I considered killing myself by throwing myself onto the rails at London Bridge Tube Station... I couldn't picture myself in any future where I was happy and not in a situation of inescapable poverty.

Around this time I had planned to propose to my Fiancé which I did... we were both covered in tears as I announced that I needed this... I needed something to hold onto In This Life... he said yes. and we're still together.

Ever since that day I have been striving and struggling to make myself better... employers will no longer consider me... my industry does not see me as a viable option as more and more graduates surpass me out of pure fortunate circumstances, I am falling behind and that is a fact. I cannot rise past that.

This became painfully aware just a few moments ago when I decided to travel down south and place my bets on getting a job that I was so sure I nailed at the interview stage... my work was seen as impressive and the reception was lovely.

Yet again, I did not get the job.

This has happened before, many times before each with it's own flavour of rejection. One decided not to hire me because they thought offering me a ride back to the station that cost me £64 and 3 hours to arrive at was unprofessional... yet he offered it to me at the mere price of 3 minutes.

Another job with I've applied for 4 times now seems to always overlook me for reasons that don't really offer critique or areas to improve.

--

My life has not been easy, it is not easy now... and I am waking up every morning with the self enforced requirement to do more whilst also being chained by the doubts that it will ever amount to anything.

My fiancé loves me, to do anything to myself would devastate him utterly.

But... I was once told you have to be selfish to get where you want to be... and right now... I want peace.