No one understands me.Hi reddit. Throwaway so.

Ever since my ex walked out I started having suicidal thoughts. I am over her and with my current girlfriend but I guess her leaving just left a scar. I have suicidal thoughts almost daily, I can't walk out of myself. But this is the trigger I guess, it uncovered the whole darker sadness in me. 

I can't talk to anyone about my stress. No one will understand me. I tried to but everyone just tells me that my problems are not problems; simply because I was born into a family that is slightly better to do than my friends. 

My dad became successful at the age of 30 and he treated us all very well. He gave us whatever we wanted. I feel pressured because my siblings both are academically very successful; ones a doctor another already married with kids. My parents have been nice to me, they always told me that grades didnt matter and as long as I am happy that is good enough. But I can't help but compare myself with my siblings. 

I often ask myself: Will I be able to treat my own kids the same way my dad treated us? Can I sustain when I am no longer financially supported by my parents? I feel very pressured. I cannot tell my friends because they start telling me how my life is better off than theirs. But I don't know how to explain to them how I feel. I feel like it is not the same. I know tedium are circumstantial but.. I'm just so tired. My anti-depressants do not work, I take combination of 3 medications daily just to fall asleep. 

I'm tired.. I'm so tired.. I'm tired of putting on the mask, I wish I did not look down on myself so much, I wish I didn't compare myself with anyone, I wished I could undo my life. I am 24. 24. I am 6 years away from when I am 18 and 6 years away from being 30. 

The only thing holding my life together are my parents and my girlfriend. I cannot imagine how sad they will be if I go. The only thing stopping me is that I know they love me and will be sad. I have drifted from my close friends because I want them to not feel love for me. It is easier for them if I decide to go.

All these feelings are scary to me because the idealization of my suicide have been planned out. I haven chosen the way I want to go and it is so real. The planning are real. I'm sorry if I offend anyone. Sincerely. I just need to let my thoughts out. This is the first time I have let them out. I am anonymous online. 