I don't know what to do?So, I'm not really sure how to start this, but i just want to talk to people who may feel the same as me or you know, ... just talk.

I'm 24 years old and I live in Europe. I don't have a lot of friends, but I have a lovely best friend, which I really love more than anything, and a loving boyfriend, who I live with. My Boyfriend isn't home alot and my best friend moved to another city (like 6ish carhours away from me). We still talk alot on the phone, but you know it's just not the same.
I've always been kind of... a "darker" person, if that makes sense. Never depressed as a Teen or Kid, actually even kind of happy and quirky. But I have always been into dark stuff like horror movies (watched the first one when I was 7 I think, shame on my dad i guess?), horror games or the dark stories behind nursery rhymes, all the dark stuff you'd find on the internet, and so on, I guess you know what I'm getting at. Nothing, maybe except my parents getting a (sometimes violent) divorce or me thinking my dad loves my sister more than me, really *traumatizing* happened to me. And even now as a "young adult" I dont have any major problems. I have a stressful job but I love it, I'm not in dept, never done anything crazy stupid, I have a wonderful relationship to my mom, I have my loving boyfriend and this beautiful angel I call best friend. 
But for the past 3-4 years (I can't actually say when it started) I, atleast now, feel like I've been "talking myself" into depression. I haven't talked to anybody about it, I feel very embarrassed and I'm scared they won't help bc there's nothing *actually* wrong with me. 
I feel like I kind of slipped into it? I just gradually stopped making friends or seeing the friends i already had, started being alone alot, started fighting with my mom (which thankfully stopped!), stopped going out and doing things, started to have alot of very dark thoughts telling myself what I can't do and how stupid I am for example - and one day, after a year or 2, I woke up, looked into the mirror and just hated myself, this empty, pale, malnourished, tired thing. I started hitting my head and sitting on the floor punching my thighs. This happened a few times, not often, but it has been frequently these last few months. 
I dont even know who I am at this point. I dont know what my favorite color is, I just say black and always wear black. I dont know what my favorite food is and what I like, so I can NEVER decide what I want to eat, which frustrates everyone around me (every decision is extremely hard but I *dread* the moment I have to decide what to eat every day). I think I'm annoying because all I do is sit around and look angry or sad.  I can barely even keep up a conversation and I noticed that I have gotten kind of awkward and silent around groups, as a Kid/Teen I was very outgoing! I dont know what I want in life and I dont have any dreams for myself. I just have to live with myself every single day and I hate it. It frustrates me that I have to be this way, not just normal. And I mean ... it's my own fault? I can't blame anyone but myself.
I dont know how long I can put up with this. I feel like I'm too deep to get out anymore... 
I could never kill myself, I could never do that to my mom, my sister, best friend and boyfriend. I just wish I was never born. Just gone, nobody would miss me and nobody would be hurt. I just don't know what to do. I feel very trapped and lost in myself.

thank you for reading this far.

I know, there are people here and on this earth that are in way, way worse circumstances, and I feel deeply for them and do not want to put my problems above theirs. I wish all of you the best.