Just...yeah. I need to get some stuff off my mind.My first kiss was when I was 16 and he was 23. I didn't want it, I didn't know it was coming. It's not anything too depressing, but looking back, I wanted it to be special.

I never felt pretty. I never felt significant. Nothing bad ever happened, but...I still felt off. Especially after my first kiss...when he called me and asked me about my boob size and virginity. The only thing I felt was as though I was an object.

Fast forward two years. I was a high school grad working at an amusement park and living in the dorms. Everyone knew I was a virgin. Come August, I was close with my crew of lifeguards on "Wave". We had a special party. A handcuff party. The type where you pair up with someone and are handcuffed so that every time you or your partner drinks, the other must do the same.

My partner was a cute, russian foreigner. I got semi-intoxicated. Before heading to the bar I realized I forgot my ID and badge. He offered to walk me to my room. I accepted. 

We walk in. He takes his handcuff off and forces it on my other wrist around a bed rail. He puts himself on me as I say no. I beg no, looking at the door handle- waiting for my roommate to come back...she didn't come back. He sees me looking and locks it. He finishes and allows me to go to the bathroom.

In shock, I walk to the bathroom, sit down, pee, and wipe. The toilet is filled with blood, and the toilet paper is saturated with the same. I shamefully walk back and crawl in bed. To my disgust, he spoons me. I did not want it, but did not know how to say no.

The next morning I wake up, and my sheets are also saturated in blood.

I go to work, and rumors are spreading about this individual taking someones virginity. It's true. It was me. My turn for break. "Krista, did you hear about how ___ took someone's virginity?" I acted clueless, walked away, and cried as I knew the true events that had taken place. They found out it was me and thought I GAVE it up. The summer season ended.

I turned into a slut. Hooking up with people left and right. I want my special things back. I know it was only a kiss. But I wanted a good first kiss with someone I really liked...I know it was only virginity...but I wanted it to be with someone I loved. My current boyfriend, who is sleeping in the other room...the man I love. The man that respects me.

I know this may not be suicide watch material...but these events, specifically the rape, haunt me in my dreams. They haunt me. They conquer me. They make me feel like nothing. 

I sit here, as I have so many nights, wanting to end it all. I feel like it'd be easier to deal. I know it may seem simple and dumb- but I want my firsts back. I know other people have it harder, but it doesn't mean I don't hurt too. It's not like I'm sitting here, having one thought. It's been years in the making. 

If you read this, thanks. It was more so for venting because i'm having a bad night. Sorry if you think i'm having a pity party, I just like to address what people may think before they say it.


**tl&amp;dr My first kiss was stolen. I was a virgin and raped. My work crew found out about it and it was a joke. i turned into a slut. it haunts my dreams. i love my boyfriend and wanted it all to be with him. i have regular thoughts of suicide. sorry if i seem like a panzy.**


