If I can continue to write my suicide note while I’m sober, it’s more real.I do this. I get drunk, I cry. I go through all the ways I can do it without my family finding me. I stumble around the house late at night while my kids are with their dads. I pick up knives. I start the note. I cry more. I read every love note from my ex. I examine every photo of us together. I clean my kids rooms. I pass out as a mess. The next day when I see the kids. I hug them tighter. I tell them over and over and over again that I love them. I don’t want to let go. I kiss their little faces while they’re struggling to get free to go play. I yell to them as they’re entering the school doors that I love them! I get in my car; and I cry. I open up my notes to last nights suicide note. I don’t have the right words or enough words to continue the note. I walk into work and greet everyone with a smile and declare what a great day I’m having. I throw myself into work. Throw my headphones on and listen to the lyrics poor over me on how everyone else has found that ever lasting love. These songs are reminders of what I had with my ex. He’s dating now too. I found out on Valentine’s Day when I showed up to drop our son off and there was a girl there. She’s of course prettier. Probably smarter and has so much more to offer. I’m 31 with two kids from two different dads. I wanted a family. I wanted love. And I know! I’m selfish! I have my kids. My babies. My parents and family. I’m selfish. But I’m sick. I don’t want to die sad. But what’s worse. Loving each day with overwhelming sadness, or having those final moments in despair. I’ll cry, I’ll panic. I might regret it. But then. Then I sleep. 
I’m such a fake. I’m a fake ‘good’ parent. Friend, daughter, sister, aunt. The inside of my body is dead; and I physically feel it. I can’t stop shitting from the amount of anxiety I have. I ran a red light today while day dreaming about the past. I don’t sleep because my thoughts revolve around the man who broke me. I had a dream last night he was hugging me and kissing me and when I asked what he was doing? If he loved me? He said no. He said he wanted to do this. That is was all. I’m a broken person with no answers. No explanations. This man abused me, mentally, emotionally. He tore my family away from me. Sexually assaulted me. Told me to kill myself. Treated my son like shit. He was Dr Jekyll and mr Hyde. This man called CPS on me. Lied about me. Stole from me. Am I a victim of abuse or am I so god damn stupid? Maybe it’s me. I’m the real asshole. I wish I could feel nothing at all than to ever feel this cancer. 