Is it really enough to just exist?I’ve grappled with my mental health for over a decade, none of this is new to me. I’ve been hospitalized twice, seen 3 therapists long-term, several others for single visits, 4 psychiatrists, been on 3 kinds of medications, and yet I still can’t figure out how to function in this world. I tried to kill myself a few months ago, and got a while afterwards I really was getting better, but like always, I just crash back down again and ruin everything. 

I have always hated being in school, and I was forced to leave college a year ago, and I got a shitty job at a cafe. I spent those months doing drugs every weekend and not accomplishing any of the things I said I would if I didn’t have school. I became so depressed that one day I didn’t have any clean pants to wear, so I just didn’t go to work and never went back. I decided to try to go back to school. A month after getting back full time I tried to kill myself. I got treatment, dropped some classes, made it to this semester. I was really doing it for about a month: going to class, going to work, seeing friends, working out. Then suddenly I couldn’t do it. Couldn’t get out of bed again, couldn’t do any work. And now it’s too late. I’ve flunked out and can’t continue my degree. 

I feel crushed. I don’t know what I thought was going to happen. My parents have sunk thousands of dollars into my education and I’ve just wasted it. My boyfriend has ambitious plans of buying houses, retiring early, but I will never make any money, and I just feel like a burden to him, a burden to my family. 

I see things posted all around like “it’s okay if all you did today was survive” but is it? I can already feel the rage and resentment of the “why couldn’t you just do it?? Everyone has to work. Everyone just wants to sleep all the time but they don’t!”. I know. But how am I supposed to do all these things when I don’t want any of it. I don’t even want to be alive, how can I want to succeed enough to graduate from college or find a good job? I just don’t want to participate in this world. I am so tired of trying. I don’t believe I’ll get better, and I don’t even really want to die, I just feel like I should want to die for being a failure. Like it would be more honorable to be in agony and kill myself than it would be to just be at peace. I feel like if it wasn’t for all the lofty expectations other people place on me I would be okay. I really don’t want much. Why is it my job to make someone else happy or proud? I do not want friends or money or fame—all I want is to be left alone, and yet somehow that is the most shameful choice I can make. I just feel paralyzed.