nobody will see this but-I don't think anyone will see this so I'll post this as more of a vent/rant I suppose.

So, I think I may have a condition called Depersonalization/derealization (dp/dr). It makes me feel like reality is a dream and feel out of my body all the time. Atm, I am self diagnosed (since it is hard to seek out proper assessment during this time). 

My dpdr causes me to feel...separate from the world. It is very difficult to explain but try to follow along.

I often don't feel like myself. Not metaphorically, I literally don't feel like myself. Touching my arm with my hand, for example, is a weird sensation. Looking in the mirror is confusing and uncomfortable to the point where I have to avoid any reflective surface. Most of the time, I feel like an essence of a person, not a physical human. The best word to describe how I feel is like a "soul". A soul is part of a human body but is not a physical force. It is an essence. It is a spark of sorts. And my "soul" feels disconnected all the time. It wants to leave. To go home. No, not to my house. It wants to go home. Wherever I came from before I got here, that is where I want to go. To me, that is death. That is dying. Past the brink of life is my home. I want more than anything to go home. I don't feel safe here in this world.

The problem is, nobody understands this feeling. Nobody gets it. Therefore, I can't tell anyone. Because I drag them down my rabbit hole of problems and then we will both wind up getting hurt. I wish I had never been born. Then I could stay home forever. But now, I'm stuck here for the next like 75 years. And I can't kill myself, because that would cause the people around me to suffer. They've trapped me here. By my own human emotions, they have trapped me here. I can't leave, and if I do, I suffer the consequences.

I just want to die so badly. I hate feeling like everyone is fake. I hate waking up every morning and just wishing I hadn't. I hate waking up in a bed because it's not my bed. This bed belongs to my human. But not to me. This house belongs to my human. But not to me. I want to go home. More than anything else. Only the innate human fear of death and my human connections are tying me down. I need to leave this place. I need to leave. Please help me.