I snapped and was ready to kill myself today, but...... I had no way to do it.

Fair warning: I'm a terrible writer, and I don't want to give a massive life story here, so this will probably be really disjointed. I just feel like I need to talk about this.

I've been depressed off an on for the past six years (mostly on). I turn 22 in July, and I have nothing going on for me. I've never had a job, I don't know how to drive, I don't have a car. I spent two years taking online classes at a community college before dropping out. I'm not an idiot. I understood the lessons and the assignments were easy enough, but I could never bring myself to actually do any of the work. I just felt some *block* in the way every time I tried. Most of highschool went the same way, and I barely managed to graduate. I've had a few girlfriends, but that's rarely gone well. I'm not ugly, overweight, or stupid around girls. But I'm 21 years old and I live in my mom's house, sharing a room with my 17 year old brother. Pretty miserable. I can't tell if I'm in this situation because I'm depressed, or if I'm depressed because I'm in this situation. Maybe it's a bit of both.

I've been having trouble sleeping lately. I usually sleep from 2 to 11 AM, only going to bed once I'm too tired not to. Otherwise, I spend an hour laying in bed thinking about how hopeless things are. I've been trying to find a job, but I'm limited to everything within walking distance (no friends/family to drive me around). That wouldn't be so bad, but I live in a little 2000-population town with nothing big nearby. I've applied around, but been turned away (lack of experience mostly). It's incredibly stressful, because it takes a monumental amount of effort to wake up early (for me, anyway), make myself look nice, and walk along main street (which we live on) looking for places to apply/asking about my applications. 

Anyway, like I said, I'm a bad writer. I wanted to talk about today, but there's some of the background I guess. My brother and sister normally walk home from school, but today my brother had detention (for being tardy too much), and my mother has to work all day... Leaving me responsible for picking her up. No problem, I guess, except the general anxiety I get from going out. So the night before, I went to bed early... Only to discover that one of our cats had peed on my bed. Great. Nothing new though, they've been doing it for about a week now, and we haven't been able to get them to stop. They're litter-trained and we have 3 boxes for 5 cats, but two of them just don't seem to care half the time. So I had to stumble around in the dark (quietly, since my brother was sleeping) for new bed clothes and to clean the mess. Couldn't find anything, so I slept on the couch.

I woke up just as my mother was leaving for work. Before she leaves, she mentions that our trashcans had been blown across the street. Trash pick up was this morning, and it's been extremely windy lately. Anyway, I got dressed, fixed my bed up, and went outside to deal with that. The trashcans were easy to gather up, but the lids had been blown off too, at least 20 yards down the road both ways. Keep in mind, I live right on main street, so chasing those down involved dipping in and out of traffic. Someone was nice enough to yell "FAGGOT" out of their "rich asshole mobile" (I don't know shit about car models, I just know it was a nice car). Pretty nice to hear when you're already feeling like shit. Anyway, I finished dealing with that first world problem and went inside, ready to lay down and relax... But wait, there's more! I walk into my room to see one of our cats taking the most godawful dump on my nicest blanket. Now, as one might have gathered, I'm a poor motherfucker, so I have very few nice things. I have a pretty decent computer and that's about it. Of course, the deed was done, and the cat just ran off with me standing there trembling with rage. For the first time in a while, I wasn't upset, or just a little mad, or depressed. I was *angry*.

Now, I'm a pretty typical nerdy guy. Wouldn't hurt a fly, and generally pretty quiet. Hell, I have a hard time bringing myself to talk above an "indoor voice" even if I'm among friends. But not today. For what felt like a very long time, I just stood there, picturing myself walking into the middle of the street and blowing my brains out as people honked their horns and drove past. I didn't want to hurt anyone, I wanted to stop hurting. The more I write about today, the more I realize my reasons seem insignificant... But it's the tiniest things that build up until the dam finally breaks. For a long time now, I've thought that I'll probably kill myself someday. Maybe in a year, five years, ten, fifty. But today, it was no longer "someday", it was "right now". I wanted to stop living. I no longer cared about seeing the series finale of House, waiting for the next season of Breaking Bad or Dexter, playing WoW with my friends, seeing what cool games come out next year, going back to school, or trying to meet a nice girl. I wanted to die. I didn't care about how much pain it would bring the people who think they're "close" to me. I *wanted* my friends to have to come to my funeral, and know that I wasn't just being a bitch when I talked to them about my depression. I wanted everyone who ever brushed my feelings off to realize how fucked up I really feel inside. 

But I couldn't do a damn thing about it. We don't have a gun. I don't want to slash my wrists and bleed out. I don't think I could even manage to OD right. Jumping into traffic would just put me in the hospital. There are no bridges high enough to commit suicide from. I could steal a gun, but I'd probably get caught before I could do anything. Instead, I picked up a chair, tossed it across the room (thankfully it didn't damage anything) and screamed. I had no words to say, I just screamed louder than I'd ever done before. This was 5 hours ago, and my throat is still a little sore. I went on for several minutes, only stopping when I realized the neighbors might hear, freak out, and call the cops, giving me more to deal with. I didn't cry. I didn't make a phone call, or text someone (&gt;implying I have a cell phone). I didn't walk to the corner store and buy a treat. I picked up my chair, put it back at my desk, and got on Reddit as if nothing happened. In the past four hours, I've done nothing special or new. I don't have some sudden urge to change my life. 

I'm not sure how I feel about that. I don't think I want to kill myself now, though I'm not far from those thoughts (I never am). But today, I had every intention of killing myself as quickly and painlessly as possible, but couldn't. I think that's important. I think that's terrifying.

I'm sorry for rambling so much. My only goal with this was to share. I have (almost) no one I can comfortably talk to. My friends avoid discussing my depression, and when we do talk about it, it's limited to bullshit like "do ___ and you'll feel better" or "you have ___ and ____ going on, you have no reason to be depressed". The few people I can talk to, I talk to so much about the issue... I don't want to burden them, you know? I don't want to be *that guy* who only talks about how miserable he is.

I really want to be happy, but I don't know how. Everything I see tells me I should "find something I like" or "follow my dreams". I have no dreams, I have no goals. I'm not exceptionally good at anything. I can draw decently, I'm "okay" at programming... but I don't care about either skill enough to want a career out of it. Or maybe I do, but I'm too depressed to tell. Spending time with family doesn't make me feel better, and my friends are growing more distant. That's not their fault - they're in college, working, meeting girls, making new friends, etc. I just don't know what to do anymore. I want to go to school again, but my family is poor. I'd get a job and go to school, but then I wouldn't have time to do the few things I'd enjoy, and I'd be too stressed out. 

Sorry about the wall of text. Thanks so much for reading, if you made it this far. Have a good one.

Edit: Sorry about the slow replies. Like I said, I share a room. I didn't want my brother looking over my shoulder and freaking out or something. Thanks again for your time. 