I wish I could die, I really really hate myself and I hate my lifeIt's like every time I pick myself up something brings me back down. I remember I first started feeling sad somewhere around August 2017 and that everything before then was so good, I had never felt like that then. Not long ago I was thinking back years ago when I was a kid like 9-11 years old. I was recalling a really hard time in my life and I realized something. I remember vividly just saying "I want to hurt myself" out loud over and over and my mom kept telling me not to say that and at the time I was confused why she would say that. I also remembered how one time I was sitting under the dinner table with a pencil and I had wrote "I don't like life" under there and I checked, almost 8 years later and it's still there. At the time I didn't know what depression was, I didn't know a word or something like that existed I guess. Idfk I was like 10. I didn't know about that stuff but yet i was saying i wanna hurt myself and i wrote that thing under the table. I was just thinking back and I remembered this and me remembering now, it really makes me think....

 For the past like 3 years my life has been a series of ups and downs with mostly downs being the majority of it and the ups not lasting long at all. I remember I always felt down and sad in late 2017 to like mid 2019 but I never wanted to die, I never wanted to kill myself and I didnt used to cry nearly as much as I do now. It was only until earlier this year that I started crying a lot more and gradually I just kept getting so fed up of everything I just want to die. I used to say that I'll never kill myself as long as there's at least one person who cares about me but now I don't know.. I know if I kill myself I might make my parents and my brother's life worse. Maybe my relatives and my one friend who I'm really close to. I don't want to die for their sake or at least I really didn't want to but gradually I just feel like I dont care anymore.

Whenever I think about wanting to die I feel so awful. How could i possibly want to kill myself? After my parents put so much time and effort and money into raising me and sending me to school and providing me with food and clothes and stuff. Me thinking about killing myself means that I just didnt care and or appreciate all the sacrifices my parents made for me. I do appreciate it though, I really do but I just dont think I can keep this up for much longer...

I'm such a fucking failure I just want to end my life. If I die I might make some people sad but at least I won't be able to feel sad right? This miserable life will be over. I'm turning 18 in 4 months

I'm so conflicted, I want to die. I want to die as quickly and easy as possible. I dont want to ruin other peoples lives because of me dying but I really hate having to keep waking up every day. I wish there were an easy way for me to kill myself quickly, maybe that will help me change my mind