Baseline suicidialityI don't always feel suicidal. In fact, the past two weeks have been going pretty well and I haven't considered suicide nearly as often or as realistically as I had before. But to be honest, I know that the only reason I am feeling better isn't because I am now a happier person, but it's because I have been able to distract myself for long enough to forget how blank I feel. The moment I hit the smallest speedbump - today it was the tone I thought someone sent a text message with - I'm back to feeling low. And looking back, I don't feel like I am really the one who is living my life. I feel like my body is on a certain track and that I live inside it or view my life from the outside. Decisions I make and things I do aren't my choice, I just do them. I hate it so much. 

I'm so hopeless about the future. I'm on track to have a happy life, I have a good family, loving friends, and I am enrolled in a great college. My life should make me happy, yet it doesn't, nor has it ever. Even when I do things that bring me happiness and satisfaction, I know I'll just revert to feeling suicidal once I am alone. I'll always return to this mood and I am honestly not sure if I'm going to make it through the next few years. I have been closer to suicide than ever before and I don't forsee anything changing. I want my life to have meaning but it all feels so fake. And please don't spout more of the existentialist/absurdist bs. I don't care. I just wanted to vent. 

It's so hard to motivate myself to seek therapy because I feel like other people need it more. I have sat at my desk with my finger on the call button but I  cant do it because I feel so invalid. I feel like the fact that I am still alive is a testament to why I don't need therapy - that I can handle it myself, but I know thats a dumb mentality. I dont want to talk to my old therapist because she would be mad/disappointed that I didn't seek further help after I stopped seeing her. I promised her I would but I couldnt do it. Im so mad at myself, and while realistically I know and understand that I should seek help, I truly don't believe i need it. I wish I could express this better.