i dont know how to go on. if i should.when i moved to a different school it suddenly got really bad. i was 13 when i first experienced social phobia. eventually it got so bad i cried and threw up every time i went outside. i wasnt able to go to school, fucked up all of my grades, missed 80 percent of classes. then ocd came. then an eating disorder. i managed to get help and started taking zoloft. its been almost two years now. it got better, yes, but i still feel like shit. 

my parents are alcoholics. but im so attached to them. its a fucking rollercoaster, they make me feel loved and cherished when theyre sober, i feel as if theyre the best parents anyone could ever dream of. but then it all happens again and something dies within me. this summer, after graduating high school i attempted to move out to a city very far from mine. and it was by far the most painful period of my life. i have NEVER felt that bad. i was still aware that my parents are ruining my life that they made me this fucked up way but i felt like i couldnt live without them by my side. i love them so much it hurts me to think about how much i love them. and it hurts more to think that the people i would violently die for do such horrible things towards me. so i moved back. wasnt able to go to uni. still trying to do things, still trying to study. my contact with my best friends is getting weird. im not sure if its frienship anymore. 

yesterday my dog died. i was 8 when we got her. she was a stray, a skinny little diaster that wasnt even able to eat or drink by herself. so we took her home. she was so dirty at first we thought she had brownish fur. she turned out to be pure white with a couple of spots. baby, my sweet little baby, she was so smart and shy, she would always come to me when i cried and cling to my knees and just sat there, silently. she was 11 years old. god i still cant believe she's now gone. she cant be fucking gone. my baby, my baby, my sweet little baby is gone. and my friends said nothing. but i understood first. i know  pretty well how hard it might be to show empathy. but they managed to hurt me even more. just why. what for. what was all of that for. 

spoke with my mom today. she was extremely drunk. still is. i was reminded once again what an awful child i am, what a shitty person i am. 

so the loss of my dog. it feels as if the last things holding me there are vanishing. the only things making me happy are my second (now only) dog and a video game... i live in an asshole of russia. and its bad in here. really really bad. so grey and pointless as if the whole setting is pushing me towards ending it all. its tragically funny how we humans, hypersensitive creatures live in a world that doesnt give a single fuck about our feelings. 

how do i go on. how do i go on. should i even go on? i dont know anything anymore. i just want to rest, want to stop, want to catch my breath.