Been depressed my entire life and just want to dieMy entire life has just gone to waste. I've been depressed since I was 6 years old. I tried to kill myself when I was in kindergarten. What 6 year old does shit like that with the intention of ending it all? My early childhood went to shit, my teenage years were even worse, and I'm just perpetuating the cycle. I would kill to only have been depressed for the last 5-6 years. It's been 16 years now, the entirety of my waking life. My entire life I've been completely alone, watching life pass me by. Hell, it feels like "I" don't really exist, that "I" am just sitting back and watching this physical body fail to live its life. I can hardly remember anything in my past because every single moment of my life has been spent in pain. I am pain itself. I am toxicity and pain that has taken hold over a human being. I am a waste of a human being that failed to step up, failed to escape toxicity and be better. I don't deserve to be alive, and I should have never been born. I have done nothing but be a toxic, worthless presence in the world and it would be better off without me. It's always been this way. I never had a chance, and I don't deserve one now. I'm done with this shit. Hell, the fact I made this post is pathetic. I'll just add making this post to the list of pointless, pathetic shit I've done. F*cking end it already.

I know nobody gives a shit about me. I've long-accepted that fact. Nobody cares about the person who's been "depressed their entire life." Hell, if I heard someone say that, I'd laugh at them for being a pussy. They're not even a person. Look at that pathetic piece of shit, crying about their entire life. Whatever, I don't care. Nobody cares. I don't even care about anything. I hate everyone, I hate everything, and I hate myself most of all. There's no place for someone like that. I've just gone every day of my life being a complete piece of shit and not caring at all. I'm done with this shit. I'm gonna die alone on the streets as the garbage that humanity threw out. Nobody thinks about people like us, people who have literally been shit on their entire lives. This world is cruel, and that's all I've experienced. 

Some kid in Africa just died at the age 11 after watching his family die and being conscripted as a child soldier. Do I give a shit about kids like that more than once a month? No. Does anybody out there give a shit that I have lived my entire life in pain, depressed, wanting to die, that I have never had a break? Well, f*king great. I'm gonna die and my whole story will be that I accomplished nothing. I was truly a disappointment to the world and a complete failure. I deserve a Darwin award.