I want to die but I don't want to inconvenience anybodySo I'm currently in a psychiatric hospital after spending several days in the ER for my second suicide attempt. And to be honest, I don't regret attempting it at all, I only regret not succeeding. I spent weeks preparing and planning how I would do it. I made sure to spend time with my friends and family so they would have positive last memories of me. I wrote and erased a note multiple times, unsure of whether I wanted to leave one or not. I wrote my abusive ex boyfriend a letter, telling him why the things he did destroyed my trust in everybody, my respect for myself and my faith in the world (lol he probably didn't read it though he dumped me after my first suicide attempt a few months ago and indirectly called me an attention whore). I sent him the letter in the email, left a short note apologizing to my friends and family, sent a few kind texts to people I cared about, and then tried to kill myself. I had done my research and was absolutely sure that what I did would be lethal. Then I lied down in my bed and fell unconscious. I woke up a day later in the ER, extremely confused. When I realized what had happened, I cursed my shitty luck. Apparently my room mate had found me in time and called an ambulance. Normally you hear stories about people regretting their decision to commit suicide after surviving. This was not the case for me. When I was unconscious and thought I was dead, I felt nothing. And it was great. I've been put through so much pain in my life that I would really rather just not feel anything than feel the way I do. But seeing the effect this has on my friends and family is so painful. I care about them all very much and hate seeing them in distress. I know that if I have people who love me I shouldn't want to die so badly and all that, but I've just been hurt too many times to recover at this point. I don't think I could ever bring myself to trust a person again. I want to take matters into my own hands and ensure that nobody can hurt me anymore. I wish I could die without hurting the people who care about me