Does it ever get better?Almost five years now.

I'm so fucking sick of people telling me that it'll get better or that I'm good enough. All my life I haven't been good enough.

All I do is work on myself. Appearance, mindset, etc: I've tried it all. Subliminals, hypnosis, nutrition, lifting, looksmaxing, 'confidence', whatever. I'm an ACE certified Nutrition Coach and Personal Trainer for fucks sake, I have nearly a 315 bench at 195 6'1, and I spend most of my money right now on products to maintain or improve my appearance. But I'm still not good enough for women. Before anyone says anything about 'personality', it has literally nothing to do with that anecdotally and according to hundreds of university studies. Your face = your personality.

So what's the issue? Well it appears to be my face. I'm 6'1 blue eyed muscular and lean and very well groomed but it doesn't matter, nothing changes, I can't beat these god awful genes.

I've been diagnosed with BDD and depression but I mean it's all bullshit. BDD is simply opening my eyes to the source of my plight and this is what makes me depressed: I just want to be good enough and to be loved.

It's not like I've been without relationships, I've had a few, but they're negligible for reasons I don't need to go on about. They all end with me feeling more like shit than before; the last one was 13 months ago.

I've wanted to kill myself for a while now but I don't have a gun and would not want to hurt my family. 

I just want to be happy with myself and to not be alone.

People feed me platitudes and tell me I'm a good looking dude who's very much so good enough, hell gay dudes and my buddies think I'm some Chad. Clearly it's not the case.

I don't know what to do anymore. I'm 22 and will finish college soon, my life seems to be just never ending loneliness and depression. I'm watching my youth go by and there's nothing I can do despite trying my best. I don't want to be alone. I've been in a bad place for a while now; I truly believe that I'm not meant to be happy. Hearing my name makes me sick.

Will it ever get better?