teetering off the edgeOver the past few days, I've been making several throwaway accounts and posting on advice and similar subreddits. I've obviously had little to no luck and have now resorted to this. With my string of unhelpfulness, I doubt I'll get much support, but anything helps. I just need someone to help before I do something erratic. (I made this account today because I don't feel like I can go on any further.) 

I don't know how long this will be.

One year ago from today, my windhound, Skye, passed. She was beautiful in ways I couldn't describe, both in personality and appearance. She was loved by all and returned it with equal passion and endearment. Skye was the perfect companion and I just loved her so, so much. She helped me through rough times and even just looking at her sometimes made me feel so much better. I was severely devastated when she collapsed unexpectedly, I was severely devastated when the vet called me and the rest of my two dogs to say our goodbyes, and I was broken when she took her final breath. One of my dogs was crying out of confusion and fear of the vet as a whole, I was crying because I was shattered and ripped apart from the inside by sharpened claws destined to just... destroy me.

My two other dogs are with my sister while I "pick myself up". I couldn't find the motivation to take care of them, not without Skye there, but I still wanted the absolute best for them and felt like my sister would fit that. We don't talk, we barely talk at all unless one of us needs something, but she was still so gracious as to accept and I'm eternally grateful.

I've lost my job due to poor performance and have spiraled into a neverending hole since then. I'm falling and it feels as though I'll never hit the ground, constantly going down and down and never up. I'm ensnared in my own sorrow and I, myself, can't find a way out. I can't find a way out. It's a locked door and the key is on the other side. It's an invisible wall blocking me from my family, my friends, myself. It's something that screams at me to die, to kill myself, for them to finally look my way. My mother always told me she'd watch over and protect me, but I'd hate to wonder what she thinks of her pathetic son now.

What a sick mindset I have. I'm sick, I'm teetering off the edge of a lethal cliff and I need someone to pull me back.