I feel like I might just end my life soon, not like it's not an end I'm living in already.I constantly told my psychiatrists I didn't want to be on meds long-term, and I had doubts about being on meds at all.

One day, I was feeling depressive, and this is probably gibberish thinking in retrospect, but I decided I'd get "better care" at a hospital. I went there and HE (the psychiatrist I loathe) prescribed me risperidone. I anxiously ate it up. Over that month I grew weight and developed stretch-marks. At home, I noticed my breasts hurt, my GP ordered a prolactin test, and lo it was increased. 

Then I switched to sertindole (after a rough week in the unit with cold-turkey lorazepam 2.5mg) for a while. And I started reading more about what these meds, both anti-psychotics and benzos can do to your body. So, I decide to taper off the benzo; I didn't want to repeat the unit stay with HIM.

I managed to taper down to 0.5mg. Everything was going cool. I set my eyes on 4mg sertindole (I was prescribed 12mg, but dropped it quickly to 4mg with no effect). I lowered to 3.5mg for a week. Then 3mg for 2 days (too much too fast). I drank half a bottle of Coke. It was the end of me.

I ended up in the psych unit with high blood pressure (160/90?) and cold feet. I was offered some meds called Betamaks (Latvian), but I refused them. I did take the 1mg lorazepam, as I was feeling as all hell by the 2nd day, sleepless. 3rd day I met HIM, and we didn't discuss anything. I was sent home.

I restarted 4mg sertindole. And tried to go back down to 0.5mg lorazepam, but I decided to keep doing 1mg. The thought of timing my dosages right before the symptoms didn't come up yet. I switched to 2.5mg lorazepam soon after. Suddenly, I started waking up at nights, but it didn't bother me one bit. I woke up 3 or 2 times each night, always had dreams, some lucid dreams, and one sleep paralysis case.

Then, I started waking up earlier. My mind wanted to frame it as me finally getting better, but I knew I was getting worse from the new fatigue.

Next day, I wake up and realize some of my evening (the subsided symptoms) were popping up in the mornings.

After that day, I woke up, cleaned my guinea pig's cage, and realized I felt dizzy. Blurry vision. Cold feet. Lack of breath (just a feeling I guess).

Now I'm in an infection ward at a hospital, and lorazepam isn't working anymore. I thought I had at least 2-5 months left on it. Nope. I woke up 10 times (counted) yesterday and slept 7 hours in comparison to my 12 hours usual. I'm not surprised the benzo can't handle me.

I just want to die.

I really just want to take a tab of lorazepam and die.

And I don't even know how I'm tearing up now. The past 6 years have been the worst thing on earth to me. No friends. Undeserved hate towards my family. Hate against people. It's not like I can control it. And I'm supposed to know what my "undefined schizophrenia" diagnosis means, when all of my fuck-useless psychiatrists just shrug to my fucking questions. Dangle money in HIS direction, and you can watch him have a fucking erection.

I hate ever getting on anti-psychotics, I hate ever touching any of these so-cool meds. I'm not saying it's anyone else's fault but mine. But at least fucking tell me how much they can fuck my life up, instead of praising them like some pharma genius candy.

I'm not even feeling suicidal. I just want to die. I don't know what the fuck is going on in my crock-pot of a head. And as far as the internet goes, I'll never be normal, I'll never have the life I thought I could have, I'll at best be in a half-way home or a pensioners home, or some shit. Just fucking end me.

Of course there are no ways to, and everyone's going to say, "but... but... there are people that love you" And I'm just going to hold up a middle finger in the air and jump. Everyone just loves themselves. It doesn't matter if you're in pain, you have to exist for THEIR selfishness.