My dog is the only thing that’s keeping me alive. He won’t know where I’ve gone if I left.Tired of living. I’m a 22 year old female living in an Asian country. 

I’m honestly not sure if I’m depressed or not because I’ve never been diagnosed. Especially in an Asian country, where having depression is basically taboo or your family doesn’t want to have anything to do with you if you get diagnosed. 

I basically feel like my parents don’t love me at all. They only love my elder brother. Because he’s smarter than me. They’ve always compared me to him and I always feel inadequate. 

I help around the house, I do the laundry, cook, clean but to them I’m just a lazy slob. 

I cry myself to sleep almost every night because I’m so tired of living. Sometimes I feel like I want to commit suicide because I feel my life isn’t going anywhere. I’m 22 but my mother always says when she was at my age she’s already graduated from university and has a job. While I’ve just started University. She keeps saying I’m slow and stupid. 

Not to mention when I got tattoos and my parents found out (back in 2017) my dad slapped/ kicked/ punched/ strangled me. Because of tattoos. He says only prostitutes get tattoos. I wanted to kill myself that day. My mother saw everything happening but never stopped him. When my dad just beat my brother, she would put herself between the both of them physically. But for me? She just stood there and watched. 

I wanted to call the police but she said I would be “breaking up the family”

Right now I’m so tired. I also have been having issues with my boyfriend. I’ve posted in another thread that you can see if you’d like. 

I’m just so tired of living. I don’t feel like anything is ever going to get better. I feel I’ll forever be unloved, and I’ll die alone. I don’t think anyone will ever miss me. 

The only thing that’s keeping me alive right now is my dog. Because he will be wondering where I went and that tears me up inside. But if my dog passes away, I wouldn’t have anything to live for. Anymore..