Descent into MadnessAs I look back into my life all I see is failure after failure, one after another. As a kid I fought all the time (when you're the tiniest kid around you have to or you'll be getting picked on). Regardless, you still get picked on, hell, sometimes someone will literally rub cow shit in your overalls during shop class. But regardless that's no reason to view life as a failure but a failure in society.

What I consider my first failure came to me when I got rejection letter after rejection letter from different schools in 2004 because my dumbass procrastinated in the submissions. This lead me to joining the military, in which my father said I was going to fail and in a way he was kind of right.

I joined the military and picked up drinking like a fish in water. It got me into few legal issues, but I got out honorably after 4 years, but since all I did was get in shape, a drinking habit and didn't go into combat I don't see my time in as much of an accomplishment. Some tell me it is, maybe I should believe then. Besides, one of my biggest mistakes would come right after the military.

Three months after I got out I was working a shit job at a retail store when my brother convinced me to start school at fucking ITT tech. Don't really need to tell you why that's a failure, right? Anyways I was too deep in when I realized I probably should quit ITT but ended up getting my associates degree and then transferring to an actual State University to continue studying.

There I found that my associates degree was as useful as a blank piece of paper, I had to start over from square one. This is what I called failure number three, number two came a year before in the form of a DUI, from that drinking habit I had picked up. Failure number four would come a year after starting University via a totaled car.

Wrecking that car left me messed up. Regardless though I quit my drinking for about 3 months and then started back up and continued onto several incidents, one on which I went off the road and almost totaled my car (no drinking was involved), the other I was drunk so I let a "friend" drive my car because he "didn't drink". That resulted in a blown engine and a useless car. This was failure number 5.

I buy a 900 dollar truck to get me by while I get the money to fix the car and then I realize I'm no good at the major I chose which leads to failure number 6, I eventually did graduate, 8 years and two cars later, one of which I've replaced the blown engine only to roll it over a year later some months after having surgery. I call that failure number 7. This is also the time when I'm not too sure if my drinking caused the wreck or if I tried to kill myself. 

At this point I'm feeling like I couldn't do worse. I now have a breathalyzer on a beat up truck and I'm seriously thinking of hanging myself. Right after the wreck I tell my brother to go ahead and take my gun to the range and keep it at his house. I can no longer trust myself with it and I cannot trust myself with alcohol. Since that wreck I stop drinking and haven't touched a drop since, that was 7 months ago.

Failure number 8 came via my failure to submit some forms resulting in a raise in my rent thus having to move. At this point my depression has been officially diagnosed and I'm starting antidepressants yet I'm still distracted with my mind somewhere else. That's when I wrecked my truck and find out that my insurance had lapsed and my license had been suspended. 

At this point I'm only thinking of one thing. That was "end it, go into the freeway" over and over. I call my brother for help and I completely break down in his car. Thoughts of me jumping out of it or stealing my gun from him kept running through my head. Jumping into traffic or hanging myself somewhere seemed to be the theme all the way until February when I start a new job on which I basically had placed the little hope I had left.

I tried my best, it seemed like I was going to succeed there and become a permanent employee. Three weeks ago I go into a meeting and I'm told that my numbers are just below average and they're going to extend my temp time but 5 days later I get an email on Friday night telling me not to go into work, my temp contract has ended and they've chosen not to hire me full time after all. 

During all this my depression was going on full swing. Getting those news via email did not help at all. I keep thinking those thoughts and now that I'm unemployed this seems to be taking a bigger toll than I expected. The meds somewhat work, but those thoughts are still there. I will not follow through, but I'm tied and I need someone to know.

