I need adviceSince January, I've decided to try and get my life in order, stop feeling like crap all the time and to actually seize the day. As you can imagine, this hasn't been working out. While I have made some real progress, I still feel like crap all the time. I did end up seeing a counselor for 3 sessions after a very painful process of telling my sister how bad it is (she's very close to me), her telling my mom that I need to see a counselor, my mom crying about it because she feels she's failed me as a parent (she hasn't), her telling my dad who tried to get me to talk to him, but I never talk to him because he's not trustworthy, me getting made fun of by both my parents while I did see the counselor.

The counselor was actually pretty good. I had trouble telling her things the first few times. The first session basically went, "my mom has depression and anxiety. I feel like crap all the time and feel suicidal." The next session, I didn't feel so bad, since the feeling of crappiness sometimes comes and goes, I basically sat around and told her what I had for future goals at that time. The third session, I told her everything about my life. This was the most important session and allowed her to understand a lot of things. It was unfortunately the last one. The general consensus was that I should move out, live with my sister, get a job, do more counselling and go to school. 

Unfortunately, I've found myself in a deep pit. For the past month, I haven't been able to set any goals, because I can't even see the point in living. The best thing that I can do in these cases, is forget about all the big stuff and simply focus on getting help. The problem with that is, that my next opportunities for getting help is free school counselling, which will be available in September, to pay for a counselor, which would be available as soon as I move in with my sister and have money, I could take LSD, which is rumored to have the ability to sometimes cure what I'm going though, which would require me moving to an area that isn't in the middle of nowhere (move in with my sister). I could also self medicate with marijuana which can supposedly help with depression, but I'd have to move in with my sister for that. 

The problem lies in the fact that I would certainly have to move out and most likely get a job. I don't see the point in living at all. I truly just want to fall asleep and never wake up. I feel far too depressed to be able to actually feel like going to work, let alone actually function at a job. I get told continuously by my parents at how difficult and terribly hard working is. That further discourages me. I wouldn't be able to pay for myself. I live a very crappy lifestyle. My room is a disgusting mes that resembles something off of the movie Hoarders. I wake up at 2pm and go to bed at 4am. I spend most of my life in front of this computer screen because nothing else entertains me, and I'm usually always bored on here.

In essence, I lack the motivation to sleep well, eat right, clean my room, move out and get a job, which are the requirements for me to get help with what I suspect is a mental disorder, which causes me to not have the motivation to do any of those things, constantly feel sad and terrible and make me feel like killing myself. I feel like I've reached the point where I may end up doing it soon. I need advice. 