If There's Anyone Out There Maybe You Should ReadI don't care much for a throwaway because it won't matter in very long. Maybe this is just a rant rather than a cry for help but maybe other will get something out of it. I can't say I don't know what happiness is, because I've felt it before.

People would always be able to make me laugh but when I wasn't hanging out with them I start feeling down. Or when I didn't get a text or I got informed, I felt like I was unneeded and greatly unwanted. I've always been cooped up in my house for most of my life, I've had so few opportunities to do much, but it didn't make me a weird kid, it made me I guess develope they way I react to things.

Friends had often treated me like garbage, even in kindergarten my "friends" were cruel. My "friend" groups changed and it all seemed the same until I became friends with this one girl. She even bought me birthday presents when no one else did. I've had girlfriends in the past and during that friendship, but I was treated like crap once and then other times I just didn't feel a connection because there was one girl in the back of my mind.

Until I started dating my best friend of 3 years I didn't know what love was like. We both wanted to be together but never had the guts to do it but eventually we did, and it was amazing. I finally had someone I could trust. She could never lie or she'd feel terrible (she grew up in an honest home). She was literally my best friend, anything we did, even unpleasant things like getting hopelessly lost driving around was fun. It was oozing with romance, there were so many sweet things she'd say and do, it made me feel happier than I've been in the whole of my 18 year existence. I did so much for her too, I spent hours just trying to perfect some origami animal with a little love note inside. She was so grateful I was in her life and that I was there to stay. 

But eventually that started to change, I think it was mainly because I was very anxious, if something went wrong I would think of the worst thing possible. It never turned out that way but I created unnecessary stress on top of her extremely stressful school year. I know it was my fault, I've realized I've got it from my parents, who I've been around majority of my life, who never thought positively and got upset and angry at the smallest of things. I never got angry at her though, I got frustrated but I got frustrated at myself because I never wanted to hurt the girl I loved. I saw what my parents are like and I didn't want to be like them. But sometimes I can't help it, feeling anxious and being negative.

I drove away the most precious thing in life and now I have nothing. I have no friends that care, I have no hobbies, I have classes but my motivation has turned into nothing, I want to die. There's no future for me anymore. It's not just about losing the girl I cared about so much. It's everything, it's everyone who mistreated me, , all the loneliness that's built up, all the people I've hurt when I don't want to hurt anyone. When I die I won't hurt anyone anymore, it will lift a giant weight off of everyone around me. And I can finally get some rest from all this stress. 

I have read through a lot of posts on this subreddit and what I see is a lot of people with depression that don't see what they have. People with girlfriends/boyfriends husbands/wives, people with awesome jobs or an awesome skill or hobby, people with friends that care. There's so many people that have SOMETHING to hold onto here, I really don't have anything. I really wish I did.