Mental illnesses working together to kill meThis time in lockdown has really made me aware of my mental illnesses... less distraction, I’m more alone than I’ve ever been. I suffer from a cocktail of mental demons.  The biggest one is my eating disorder, exercise addiction, anxiety and anger problems, bipolar disorder, and soon I will be tested to see if I have a personality disorder. 

I’ve realized... I’d rather be the one in control of my life and death rather than my mental disorders. My eating disorder will kill me one day, I know it, why wait. My ED has already taken so much from me, why let it take my life. I want that power. I want the control in taking my life, my fate. I sit in the shower, cold water running on my body, it’s the only thing that makes me feel alive anymore, a cold fucking shower. I’m trying to come up with ways to go that won’t make it hard on my family, which I know is impossible. But I’m insane and continue to try. We used to all be really close until we lost our loved one to suicide he was my best friend, my cousin and the same age as me, 21... but 20 when it happened... I was the first one to know, I was shooting a movie in Asia when his roommate called me saying they found his body hanging in his room. Exact words. Right before shooting an emotional scene, Ive always believed things happened for a reason, but this wasn’t a moment that needed to happen, no matter the reason. It was shocking, no one saw this coming, I guess that’s how a lot of suicides leave us, wondering why we didn’t see the signs, why we didn’t help, what we could’ve done... I’ve never been the same since. I’ve seen first hand how suicide affects so many people,  yet I still battle these thoughts. I’m sorry I know this was all over the place, a ramble of words and improper grammar... my mind is full of thoughts, most of them full of anger and despair. I’m sure no one will read this, perhaps I needed to vent in a place I feel less alone, almost understood. I have no one to talk to about this because I don’t want to be a burden on my family. They know I struggle with these illnesses, that alone hurts them, but they don’t know I suffer with suicidal thoughts... my mom thinks I will die from my eating disorder if I don’t get help, so I have an excuse... 

Take care everyone, I understand your pain.