How do I keep going like this.I'm in a bad place at the moment, actually, bad would be an understatement. I started cutting myself again last night after a particularly painful dream. The dream started with reliving the last time I saw...her... reliving her hands on me... her marking me... the feeling of being violated.  The dream then shifted into a mix of the hell that is ...her... and the hell that is my mother. My mother is a very religious woman, and her denying to accept me, at all, just because I happen to like women and men, is a common thing that crops up in my dreams. Where was I? Oh yeah, I was being violated, then it suddenly shifts to my mother and I in my kitchen, she starts berating me and belittling me calling me a whore, a faggot, a sodomite. Every name in the book. I just stood there and took it, I soaked in her words. I then shifted back to... her... again, but this time I was in my guest bed restrained. I shifted back to my mother, she was still going at it, but I started to cry and beg her to stop, she called me pathetic and hit me. I shifted again and I was in my bathroom looking at myself in the mirror and assessing the damage, the bruises she left on my breasts and neck. I saw the knife my dad had given me the day prior on counter, and I started cutting. I sliced violently anywhere there was remains of where she touched me. That's when I woke up. It was 3 a.m. and I saw the knife on my bedside table and reversed 7 months of restraint. My mother and I had an argument the other day where the topic of my bisexuality came up, where she used a few of the colorful words that she used in my dream to describe how she felt. But she hasn't hit me in a long while so I don't know where that came from. I haven't seen ...her... since the start of quarantine and recently I've been worrying about having to see her again when school starts back normally, I'm scared of what she's going to do to me, I blocked her on all social media, but there's no way to protect myself when I see her in person. And I know that I have it coming because of what I did, blocking her and all. I'm screwed. So I've been toying with the thought of death again. Killing myself, so that I dont have to see her ever again, so she won't haunt my dreams anymore. Or to scar myself so severely that I'll be so undesirable to her that she'll leave me alone. I've tried telling people. But no one believes me. No one listens to me. Since she's a pretty girl no one believes me. I want this to end so bad. I feel like she is controlling my every move. I want to control my own life again, but I can't. If I can't figure out another solution I'm going to kill myself before I have to see her again.
-xh