lol. look who's back again. no surprise therelocal failure sits in bathtub for 50 minutes, contemplates overdosing multiple times and doesn't go through with it yet-a-fucking-gain. lol

im so sick and tired of being alive. im tired of being perpetually fat because my shitty body type means i gain fat so easily that starving does nothing anymore. im tired of having a gross ugly body ruined by 8 years of estrogenic puberty and im tired of doctors not listening to me when i say this short, curvy, disgusting body makes me want to fucking hang myself on a regular basis. god even just *disclosing* my afab status here makes me feel sick. it's a fucking curse. i hate it. i hate it i hate it i hate it

and the only reason. the only *god damn* reason that i wont end it all. is because my FUCKING family will inevitably use the wrong name and pronouns for me in the post-death proceedings. i'll be remembered as the troubled older daughter and everyone will invariably sit around scratching their heads and say "hem haw, i wonder just why she could have felt *so bad* about herself that she wanted to end it all. i do not personally understand and therefore my \[insert terms for female relative here\] is selfish for putting herself out of her misery :((( smh my head" as if i havent been out as transgender to my parents for *FIVE FUCKING YEARS NOW* after THEY went through my social media and outed me to themselves completely against my will.

yeah.

im so sick of this. my depression isn't going to be cured. it's gone on too long, like a cancer reaching stage 4. the moment i go off my meds--that honestly only act as a wall between me and my *really* bad depression at this point--i will no longer be able to function as a normal adult in society. and suppose i do live long enough to go off my parent's insurance, chances are with this shit economy i wont even be able to afford my own insurance or meds because fucking college and (maybe, possibly) med school debt. lol, i dont even know why i think of going to med school anymore. it used to be my dream for so many years but now. lmao. no way they'd entrust a clearly unstable transgender cripple to look after the health of other people. 

yeah you read that last sentence right lmao. im like the textbook strawman caricature every single meme page ever shits on on a regular basis. my entire identity is such a massive fucking joke i cant even take myself seriously at this point. im hoping this pneumonia im getting over somehow comes back and kills me because frankly i can't do this anymore and it's only a matter of time before i finally, *finally* crack and do something about it.