My family are keeping me alive.My name is David. I am almost 18 and from the UK. My depression started when I was bullied by not only students but teachers as well in my early teenage years. I started feeling better about life after I got a new school and a new girlfriend. This didn't get rid of the depression, just made it easier to handle. (The bulling continued)

Recently however my depression has kicked in full time. It is currently 3am in the UK and I cant sleep without the thought of killing myself. The reason for this is a lot of things piled into one outburst. I have been bottling everything up for months just to keep my family happy. They are all I have, now anyway since my girlfriend broke up with me and blocked me on everything she had me on. This alone was enough to bring back my depression but not enough to want me to kill myself. She was everything to me. While I was still unhappy when I was with her because of unrelated reasons just seeing her could make my day and watching her leave was heartbreaking.

At this time I was going into college and the first couple months were fine until I realised I was an outcast. I was that person in the corner with his head in his hands for two hours just waiting for his next class. No one would come talk to me, no one wanted to see if I was okay. They all gave me the same look. Like I wasn't even human. My therapy was at this stage and that didn't help.

The reason now is because I know for a sure fact that I am a waste of space. Everything I do to try and help other people or myself for that matter just ends up in me fucking things up even more. I have poor grades and have 0 talents. There is no hope for me. I have tried to get a job but no one wants to hire a sad act kid with autism. My biggest achievement in life is getting Diamond on League of Legends for Christ sake. I'm pathetic. 

Everything just keeps get more and more difficult and the only thing holding me back from suicide at the moment is my family. I love them and I cant put them through the torture after I am gone but on the other hand I am dragging myself through hell knowing full well there is no hope for me becoming anything successful. All just to keep them happy. Is it worth it?

Please help. I feel dead inside and I don't know how much longer I can last until I make up my mind.