I don't want to be here at all. I don't want to feel like this.I don't even know. For the past couple days, I've been visiting this sub trying to muster up the courage to post something or whatever...

Nobody who knows me personally would ever think I wanted to kill myself. I am an EXPERT at hiding it. The best of the best. Yes I'm attractive, I'm extremely intelligent, I've got a big heart, I've been studying and following my passions, but none of that shit matters.

Living with severe depression, anxiety, and profound obsessive-compulsive disorder is very tiring. Very, very tiring. And nobody has any idea what I go through... I mean, how could they?

The thing is... is that I'm just too fucking afraid that if I open up to someone, they'll kick me out of their life, tell everyone they know, think I want attention, or change their behavior towards me completely out of pity, confusion, and fear. I don't want that at ALL.

But worst of all... I have people who look up to me, and I'm worried that if they find out, I would negatively affect their lives. I refuse to let that happen. One of our good friends Mike just died from a drug overdose, and I will NOT add my personal struggle to everyone's grief. All these reasons are why I know I must stay alive... but I still suffer :(

5 years ago, I opened up to my best friends and bandmates about my suicidal ideations. I thought, hey, they're my friends, they would want to help me. I was dead wrong. They gave me shallow, meaningless advice like "travel" or "go skydiving" and shit like "I will never forgive you if you kill yourself". I felt backed into a corner and immediately regretted my decision to open up. A few days later, they kicked me out of the band. They now live in California. I've tried but I've never been able to let go of my anger and hatred towards them. I felt so immensely betrayed. I hate them so much... but deep down I know I need to let go of that hatred.

I'm sorry for so much text. I just couldn't keep this shit in any longer. I'm not going to kill myself, but I know that it is really important for me to talk about this. Talking about this shit is the only way... and I know none of you will judge me.

If anyone I know stumbles upon this... I'm so sorry :( I will be okay, I promise.

EDIT: Thank you. Thank you so much, you have no idea how much your support means to me.