September 10Less than a week away.

Earlier this year I had a very powerful dream. In the dream I was driving around Hollywood one sunny day trying to find the entrance to a parking garage where I was supposed to meet my girlfriend (who in real life had just left me a couple of months earlier). I went around the block a bunch of times before I finally found where to go in. Then I drove up, up, up, around and around in circles up to the fifth or the seventh story or something. 

Then the parking garage got replaced by an apartment building that looked like the one my dad had after he and my mom got divorced, when I was a little kid. I went inside and I was surrounded by my family on my mom's side. My mom, aunt, I think my uncle was there, grandparents, some cousins maybe. And I didn't feel angry at them, or frustrated, like I usually do around them. I didn't feel like I needed to prove that I was an adult anymore, I didn't need them to see who I was, because we were all on the same page, and everything was ok. I was lying on the couch.

Then my aunt went and got the mail. There were letters for everyone. 

There was one addressed to me, handwritten, with no sender. I opened it and found a series of different colored envelopes inside, one after the other, with different sender addresses on them. Finally I got to the bottom. The innermost envelope had two or three folded up pieces of paper with all these weird diagrams drawn on them. Occult symbols, witchcraft/Satanic-looking imagery, geometric designs, weird stuff. On one sheet there was a dead tarantula that had been crushed and taped onto the paper under some writing in another alphabet that I felt like explained it to be a sacrifice or something. I suddenly had a flashback to years earlier, when I'd received a similar letter in the mail at my previous residence (where I currently live in real life), but that I'd brushed off as unimportant and thrown away.

There was a handwritten note from this mystery sender, who clearly seemed to have an intimate knowledge of me, telling me that I would kill myself on September 10th this year, and that when I did it, it would "be because of her."

I shared the letter with my family, who all freaked out and urged me to call the police. But I didn't want to. I didn't feel like I needed to. It wasn't a threat--it was somebody who knew me very well, somebody who knew exactly what was going on in my life and how to scare me, not threatening to kill me, but flat out TELLING me that I was going to die on September 10th, and that it would be from suicide, and that when it happened, it would be because of my ex-girlfriend, the only person I've ever been in love with, my best friend, who spontaneously decided her career took priority and she had no time or energy for a relationship, and cut off all communication with me. The last time I saw her was on February 14th, and I've been haunted by the love and the memories of her every day since then. One time I tricked her into thinking I was going to commit suicide just to get her to call me. Just so I could talk to her again, just so I could tell her to calm down and say she was overreacting, so I could hear her urge me to move on with my life and meet new people, so I could  tell her how angry and hurt I was, so she could ask me to please take care of myself, so I could hang up on her and cut her off the way she cut me off.

My therapist had me play detective and try to figure out who the sender was. Somebody who knows me very well, but I don't know them. I get the sense he's very much like me, calm, calculated, somewhat methodical, he knows how to be manipulative, but he uses these traits to hurt others. Then she pointed out--he's me. He's the unconscious, unmanifested side of the self that hides in the darkness, what Carl Jung would have called the Shadow.

Why September 10th?

It's the day before September 11th, arguably one of the most important events in human history. To have died the day before would have been to miss out on this tragic event that, while it lead to unimaginable further suffering and destruction of life, brought lots of people together as well. To have died a day early would have been to never experienced that connection with the rest of the human species. You would have died alone.

Why September 10th?

Last year I was really paranoid because I heard that on the weekend of 9/9 and 9/10 that North Korea was going to do another ICBM test. This was a week after they detonated a hydrogen bomb. We'd met less than three months ago, and I was still madly in love, and the idea that one person had the power to end all of it, for everyone here, terrified me. I spent most of September 9th in a low-key panic mode, waiting for the sirens to start blaring, waiting for that flash of light to annihilate us all. But it never happened, and on September 10th I woke up, alive, and I felt so grateful to have her in my life.

Why September 10th?

I wondered how many days were left until the end of the year after September 10th. The answer is 112. That means September 10th is the 253rd day of the year. For those of you who have watched Twin Peaks (probably my favorite show ever), you may remember that in the new season last year, 253 was an important, sort of cosmic number that kept showing up in different places. I remember I kept noticing the time was 2:53 when I looked at the clock. It was kind of interesting because the show aired around the time I met my girlfriend, who was fascinated by the idea of "synchronicity" and claimed to have certain numbers keep appearing to her, which she said started after a profound psychedelic experience she'd had almost a decade earlier. So I was already kind of getting interested in this stuff at the time, which is interesting too because Twin Peaks famously uses characters' dreams not as messages from their subconscious, but as messages from some higher realm, akin to what Jung called the "collective unconscious."

Why September 10th?

September 10th is World Suicide Prevention Day.