I am obsessed with a girl and will never stop seeing herI once fell in love with a girl my senior year of high school. we never officially went out but it didn't feel like a typical relationship. we had both told each other we loved each other and got very close. I had then found out that I was just a long term rebound from her old boyfriend. But i could not leave her both because i am a pansy and still would continue to give her whatever she wanted, and because our friend groups became intertwined so there was nothing i really could do. Even though she did this and it hurt me, She generally was a very nice person and i really did love her so i thought we could be friends. It got to a point where the emotion built up in me so much that i met up with her one day and told her i couldn't see her anymore. When she got defensive and began questioning me, I told her it was because these emotions i felt for her made me want to commit suicide. She began freaking out and drove home. Im not going to lie, part of me was telling the truth, but i think another part of me felt like i could (selfishly) get what i wanted out of saying that. I felt terrible and we hadn't spoke for a long time after that. After a few months, i had apologized and said i don't feel that way anymore. the truth is i still did, and i think about her every day. the day i apologized was about a year ago. Since then she has come to my college and i see her fairly often. I play things cool as if nothing has happened, and we are cool now, but the truth is i still feel so much guilt and shame over what i said. I don't know how she feels about it. Its had me fall into a tremendous hole that i feel like i can't come out of. My grades have slipped, I'm constantly in emotional pain. I don't allow myself to be happy because i feel as though i don't deserve it. And the worst part is I am still obsessed with her. Not a day goes by that i do not think about her. I don't want to, but i do. I fear I'm never going to be able to move on. She has since added me on things like snapchat, so i have to see her stuff pop up on there. I just don't know if i should tell her how i feel, but i am terrified of bringing this history back up to her. I want it to be over so bad, but i feel like it never will be. I feel like such a creep and i hate myself. I hate the pain that i am always in because of it. I can't focus on anything else because this takes over my mind so much. I really want to die because i honestly think this has done serious damage to my mind and i think i cannot recover