I wish someone could actually help me.Instead of my trying to obsessively organize all of this to make perfect sense, and therefore never actually post anything, I'm going to just dump all my thoughts out here.  There'll probably be things missing or out of order a bit, but whatever.  I don't expect anyone to even care enough to read this, just as I don't expect anyone to actually help me or anything.  I can't think of the last time in my life that anything worked out for me, so there's no reason that'd change now.  I don't even know if I'm suicidal or not.  I know I wish I was just... just gone, or elsewhere, or I don't know.

I busted my ass for years to get into a great college.  I'm in the US, so of course I took a large chunk of debt (and threw my family another large chunk) so I could attend; my family has never been more than a lower-middle-class type, and some points we've been close to bankruptcy.  Even with that, they helped me go to a college to study what I had wanted to for years prior.  While there, I determined what exactly it was that I want to do, changed degrees within that program, and graduated with good standing.

I graduated in May 2008, and since then, I have never landed a job better than working food service.  I did everything I could during college to find internships, but I'd always get shafted at the last minute, some way or another, and I could never get one.  It didn't help that my focus wasn't something that particular college did a lot of outreach for.  I graduated and spent a year living with my family, building my portfolio and applying for work, with each application bringing a lower standard for job quality and farther distance from home.  After a year, there was still nothing - in the entire time, I got two declining emails from two companies, and a call from a third also declining my application.  Otherwise, I never heard anything.

With almost no money, I moved back to my college town to get away from my family, which had always been miserable - yelling, swearing, and general discomfort.  I met a great girl there, and since have been living in a shitty apartment with her and a few friends.  The apartment is a shithole, and we're under sports jocks who scream and yell and run all day and night, keeping us awake and raining plaster from the ceiling.  The landlord is a deadbeat, so no help there.

Upon first moving here, I found a dishwashing job and worked it for two months of absolute misery - 14-hour shifts with no breaks allowed for bathroom or eating, standing in two inches of dirty water.  I quit after they cut my hours repeatedly and had me earning so little that I could only afford to eat one meal every two or three days.  I found a "better" job at another restaurant, and then transitioned to the attached hotel's banquet hall, where I busted ass for 13 months.  They had me working 60+ hours for minimal pay, and no raises allowed.  My longest nonstop shift was 25 hours; I once worked almost 40 hours in two straight days, where I slept in the kitchen to save time.  I was treated like garbage, but I worked hard and saved up a small amount of money.

I quit that job in October due to job stress causing me to have constant breakdowns (which the managers didn't care about despite me crying and once blacking out).  I've lost hair, and my body has permanent stress-caused injuries (for example, I have no sensation in most of my feet/toes, probably from all the months of working 7-day weeks, 10+ hours each day).  But there was a hope!  I found a new college to attend, and was planning to move to Boston with my girlfriend and another friend.  I lined up a new bachelor's at that college, and was ready to turn my life around - the place was just perfect for me.  They loved me, accepted me, and wanted me to attend, and I had it all going smoothly... until I needed a loan co-signer, and my family refused because their finances are too shaky to sign a loan.  I begged them, but they refused.  I tried every person I knew, but not a single person could reliably offer to sign for the loans I needed.  Even with scholarships and grants, the amount I needed was too high, and at the last minute, I turned it down.  This happened just a few weeks ago, and the move was planned for mid-December.

My girlfriend is also attending the college, and will still be.  My friend is still moving there too.  I can't back out, and the lease was already signed anyway, so now I'll be moving to an extremely expensive city with barely over $2k in savings.  With all this in mind, I buckled down hard and got my portfolio website online, and made some new projects to show.  Even with all that, I have been turned down by every job I applied to.  Then I tried data entry places, and no luck.  I've actually been told that having food service on my resume is bad for me, because it makes them question why I spent time doing crap jobs - makes them think I don't have the drive to get or hold a real job.  I basically wasted my time with those jobs, when I was sure they'd make me seem like a solid worker.  

Now I'm stuck looking at food service jobs, but they don't pay enough for my bills and loans, so I'll need two.  The idea of doing even one food job makes me want to die.  I have not have health insurance in years, and before I lost it when I turned 23, I was already diagnosed with multiple severe sleep disorders, bipolar manic depression, and being pre-diabetic.  I need health insurance, but I sure as hell won't get it working food service!  I know how they operate to make sure employees don't get coverage, and besides, on the pay I'd get, I could never afford it.

I'm about to move to a new place, and immediately watch my life sink to bankruptcy.  I have no family to support me, no savings, and my degree is worthless.  Even my resume is too weak, and every day that goes by is a step closer to being a "lifer" in the food service industry.  I would honestly rather die painfully than ever go back to that madness.  My options are so limited though - I check job sites every day to no avail, and the stress is driving me to a breaking point.  I'm an emotionless blob that sits at home nearly crying... I lose time, my hair is still falling out, and I can't sleep or eat right.  As it is now, I've been awake for two days and I can barely eat without feeling ill.

I don't even know what I'm typing this for.  I'm a wreck.  I want to just disappear from all this, but I can't.  By the end of January I'll be out of money, and then what?  Jobs are so scarce, and I'm so miserable that I can't even think about looking for them now.  I just wanted to work an honest job and earn some money so I could live like a human.  I have a goddamn degree, for fuck's sake, but apparently I'm just trash.  I wish that someone could help me.  I swear, I just need those loans signed, but it'll never happen.  Good things don't necessarily happen to good people; maybe I'm one of those people who will never get a chance to be more than a slave, serving food to those who are actually successful.

I suppose I can chat to people if they want.  I tried to be vague since I know a lot of friends use reddit, but if you message me, I can maybe talk more detail or chat on AIM or something.  I dunno.  I doubt anyone is still reading by now... why would you?  I'm just a mess, and you probably have better, more important things to be doing.

EDIT: I hope people don't think I'm just here to beg or pester them or whatever.  I felt this was a better place to post for some helpful words than something like /r/Self... the last thing I want is a ton of upvotes turning me into some ridiculous circle-jerk front page charity case, so this seemed to make more sense.  I apologize if I was wrong.