I don't know who I am anymoreA quick couple things before the wall of text I'm undoubtedly going to type out tonight:

First off, I will be using first names, as I intend to show this to a friend. Hopefully he can provide support. He's a good guy, and he's provided me with emotional support in the past.

Second, this will be a sort of rant about life, but it will also be me trying to get some help comprehending what's wrong with me. 



Alright, so here we go. Let's do this.

I would like to begin my wall of text with a pretentious, asshole-ish statement. I think I'm smarter and, by far, better spoken than any other person I know personally. I am aware of how much of a loser I sound for saying that, but I mean it, and not in a snobbish way. I genuinely feel as though I have a better understanding of people, emotion, and reality than any of my friends. What I feel to be my one unique quality has turned me into a horribly cynical, negative person. I have serious problems finding things funny anymore. I now default to looking at something and analyzing it, despite knowing that it's meant to be humorous.

I used to be extremely funny. It's the reason I have the 3 great friends that I do. But this year, my junior year of high school, my shit hit the fan. Life went reaaaally downhill for me. I recognize my decline, but I don't know how to stop it. I used to be a funny, outgoing kid, but not anymore. Instead, I'm this emotional wreck for reasons I have a hard time comprehending, let alone explaining. 

So I have three close friends: Gerry, Don, and Kanai'i. They're all funny, great people, and I used to be like that too. To quote Gerry, "You used to be the funny one, but Kanai'i replaced you this year". 

The three of us hang out on occasion, but more often than I not, I don't get invited. A normal weekend for us will consist of me waiting on them to text me back, only to see them on facebook, tagging each other and talking about how much fun they had. In fact, at lunch yesterday (the four of us share a booth), they went on about an awesome party that they openly admit declining to invite me to.

I feel as if I've now become the infamous third wheel (or rather fourth, in this situation, I suppose). My friends, namely Kanai'i and especially Gerry, tell me they care, and I believe them, but I don't think they understand. I tried telling Kanai'i how I feel these days, but he just told me I need to lose weight, which brings me to my next point.

I've never been a real attractive guy. In fact, I'm not a good looking guy, at all. I have a weight problem, and that only makes it worse. We're not talking morbid or Fat-Albert territory here, but noticeable enough that it makes me quite unattractive and socially awkward. I can hold an intelligent conversation with the best of them, but when it comes to someone of the opposite sex trying to make small talk, I just can't do it. I get so aware of my appearances that I end up unable to look them in the eye while conversing, and often sit in awkward positions that I've convinced myself help make me look thinner and direct attention away from my chronically shitty haircut.

I have a girlfriend, despite all my physical quirks. Or, sorta, at least. I'm not really sure what to call her anymore. It started off as my first relationship with a girl, and she was someone I'd had a strong crush on for nearly 2 years. So, when I finally got her to go out with me, I did what anyone would do: I got attached. And now, these last few months, I've really realized how little I mean to her compared to my feelings for her. Though it may not sound like much, that realization has really messed me up. I think she might be insane, but that's a whole 'nother story that I probably won't bother telling. We fuck like rabbits and it doesn't help me feel better. I just rue the day (May 19th, actually) when she graduates (she's a senior, I'm a year younger) and leaves me alone when she goes off to college. It's helped to steadily increase the progression of my declining sense of humor and fuck-giving. 

I feel so desensitized a lot of the time. Things just don't impact me in ways they used to, whether they be positive or negative. I don't have fun playing video games on my brand new gaming computer. I just can't find joy in them anymore. I am completely unable to motivate myself to do anything for school. I literally will just pass up the opportunity to do an easy assignment worth lots of points, simply because I don't want to do the work. I know how smart I am, and I know I could finish the work, but I just don't. I don't know why.

My friends know how I feel, sorta, and they know how broken I am thanks to this girl (not really her fault per se, but she plays a strong role in my depression), but I don't think they realize how serious it is. I think about suicide every day. Not so much how to carry it out, because I don't have a realistic means of ending it painlessly and quickly, but more how better it might be just to make it all go away. I don't think I would ever go through with it for my family's and Gerry's sake (I tell him everything, and I suspect it would hurt him if I killed myself) but I still wonder. 


My real reason for telling all this is because I just want someone to tell me how to make it better. I know that it isn't an easy thing to do, making someone feel good, but if someone could provide some insight as to how to fix my life, please do. 

There's much more, but I'm too tired to finish. I need sleep. If this has any views by tomorrow, I'll finish it after school. I also apologize for any trouble you may have trying to decipher my way of speaking. I tend to say/type things exactly the way I'm thinking them, and forget to format them so others can make sense of them. I don't see any red lines under my words, so my normal number of typos should be reduced. If not, I'll fix those tomorrow. 

TL;DR I'm probably being overly dramatic and my hormones are getting the best of me, but I feel hopelessly lost. I don't know what to do with my life. 

I probably won't hurt myself, but I figured that since I still think about it, r/SuicideWatch was a proper location for this. 

Cookies for anyone who read the whole thing.