I'm going deaf, on top of two of the worst months I've ever had. My depression was in full remission in November and now I'm back to wanting to die.Back in 2017, I had a falling out with the only group of friends I had, and with my family as well. I tried killing myself twice, and ended up having to quit school a semester before graduating in spring '18. I needed time to recover, so I took a year off and came back fall of last year. I did amazingly well, better than I'd ever done before. School opened up new opportunities in my personal life, I got an incredible job, I was going to get a life-saving surgery that wouldn't have been possible without going back to school, and things were finally looking up.

Then my girlfriend's grandmother died. 

She had to take three weeks off work to be with her family, help with funeral prep, and make sure her estate was in order. Losing three weeks of work meant financial disaster for both of us. I had to shoulder every bill, which drained every cent I had saved for my surgery. 

When my girlfriend came home again, things were different between us. We argued more, we miscommunicated more, and generally seemed weaker as a couple. Recently, she told me that she doesn't think that she's sexually attracted to girls anymore (we are a lesbian couple). I don't know if I can stay with her because of that, but without the stability she gives, I'd be lost. 

Right before the new year, my cat got sick. She hadn't peed for days, was being antisocial, and was screaming when she tried to use the litterbox. I took her to the ER, and they tried everything they could short of surgery, but nothing unblocked her. They weren't even sure *what* was blocking her, but that didn't stop them from giving me a $600 bill. My girlfriend had to take a loan so we had a chance of not euthanizing her, and that's strained things between us more. My kitty can pee again, but she's not back to her old self, and might never be at this rate. 

A week after my cat almost died, I started getting tinnitus in my left ear. Then my left ear started hurting. Then my right. I went to a doctor, who diagnosed me with an "ear infection" and put me on an antibiotic that I had an allergic reaction to. She took a week to prescribe me a different one, and that one didn't work after taking the full course. When I told her that, she said she couldn't do anything else, and referred me to a specialist. My ears haven't improved or stopped hurting since January, and if anything, they hurt more. And guess what? I'm not going to be able to see that specialist for another month. On Thursday, I went deaf in my right ear. I went to the ER, who could do nothing. I can't get in to the specialist any sooner, and I haven't found a single doctor in my whole damn state who can get me seen for losing one of my fucking senses until fucking april. If there's any one thing that makes me want to kill myself, it's the fact that by the time I get the help i need, the damage will already be done. 

Through all of this, I've been trying to finish three god damn classes and find an internship. That is *ALL* I have to do to get my god damn degree. And I don't know if I can do it. I have an exam worth 25% of my grade in two hours, which I'm not at all prepared for. I have to turn in an essay in one hour, which I haven't done. And I haven't even fucking started looking for internships.

If I don't get this degree, I am going to fucking kill myself. I can't live with getting so fucking close and failing for the second fucking time.