Circling the drainI am 24 year old male. Lately things have been feeling worse every day. I feel so lonely and desperate for even a single friend who enjoys my company. I have "friends" now who i have known since my school days, but i am consistently forgotten by them when organising events. They all have little sub groups of which i dont fit into any. I also relised that i am the only one to ever initiate conversations, and even then they are always ina rush to end it. It has left me feeling increasingly worthless, unwanted ans forgotten.

I had a boyfriend for over a year. He was a good guy who i talked to every day. However we had our problems, i didnt feel unloved by him but i didnt necessarily feel loved. We argued and i always felt pressure to keep him happy with me. The stress got the better of me and i broke up with him. Honestly i thought he would be relieved that he was free from me, but he wasnt. We were both left absolutely heartbroken. I dont regret the breakup because I think things would only have gotten worse, but how hurt i made him has really affected me. I wanted to keep him in my life and hoped we could end up friends but he doesnt want to see me anymore,m understandably of course. I feel like a fool for letting go the only real friend i had. The only person who wanted to spend time with me.

I work in a fairly dead end job that i dont enjoy, it doesnt pay particularly well and i often feel taken advantage of, but i feel like i cant do anything else. I did what reddit would call a "starbucks degree" so i have no real skills and my experience is limited to my line of work which has no progression. Even if i was to leave I would not know what to dobecause i have no dream jobs. Nothing really interests me anymore, i have no hobbies and everything makes me bored.

I feel like im at the end of my rope. The loneliness is so crippling but every time i meet someone new i get left disappointed. I took a month off work to go on vacatiom but i was miserable the whole time and all i could think about is how i had noone to share it with. If i got married i wouldnt be able to have a best man, and noone would ever ask me.

At first i would wish a plane would fall out of the sky and kill me or a car would hit me crossing the street. But lately ive been fantasising of hanging myself, or jumping from a height, or overdosing. I still feel like i would never actually do it, but the thoughts come every day. If i did die people would get over it quickly and then id just be forgotten.

Im just tired of being let down, and im tired of being such a crap human. Maybe if i was more articulate or more interesting or more fun people would want to be around me. But i have trouble talking to people, i just have nothing to say. Im very shy with new people. Mostly im just boring, i couldnt name anythjng interesting about me, as if my life so far has meant nothing.

Im out of drive.  I cant be left disappointed again. I want to just be gone