Feeling DownHey guys, I guess i just want to get this off my chest and there doesn't seem to be anyone I can talk to in my life that can help me. So just a little backstory, a few months ago I had the delight of going to the olympics with a friend thanks to my mom as well as my sister and her friend. The experience was fantastic and I got to know my sisters friend and she turned out to be amazing. We continued seeing each other after the olympics just as friends (She was dating at the time). Anyways after awhile she broke up with her boyfriend (Completely unrelated to me and I'd rather not disclose why), and we started to get even closer. Thats about the time the friend I brought to the olympics, a guy I trusted, tried his damn best to humiliate me and make a move on her and when he failed to humiliate me he then went around to all of his friends (my friends too) and started spreading rumours and twisting the event into his favour. Thats the last time I've ever went over to a friends house or had a friend over excluding the girl, plus almost all of them now either don't talk to me or they treat me like a leper. Well after that I got even closer to the girl and we spent quite a few nights together and despite losing most of my friends it was one of the best times in my life (I'm not attracted to most women, I love personality not looks). However over time she started growing distant and I got more depressed because of that and the fact that I was getting incredibly lonely. Now I only see her if I'm lucky once a week while she's started seeing the guy that screwed me over more and more....I know i should just get over her but I can't get her out of my head, I care for her like no other and truthfully she's the only person I could say I've ever loved (Includes family members). Anyways to add on to that I've lived in an abusive family my whole life, I've been backstabbed by friends before resulting in total loss of social life and a steep depression when i was in grade 7 (I very nearly committed suicide back then, I had tied a rope and everything). My father was verbally abusive and physically intimidating and an alcoholic and my mother rejected me to protect my older sister from him. They are now separated and both have said at least once that I was the cause of the separation. Also around 3 years ago I developed an itch that became terrible during the night causing loss of sleep ever since, only last january was it finally diagnosed as Lichen Chronicus Simplex, a rare skin disorder. I've gotten slightly better but it's up and down right now and as a side effect of this condition I lost my job and had to drop out of my rugby club because I simply had no energy. So yeah I guess to sum it up right now I have very few friends, a rare skin disorder that makes me incredibly unconfident at getting a new job or participating in sports, a girl who I'm crazy about but shes rejecting me for the guy that stabbed me in the back, I'm nearly broke and I have no secondary education. I used to think suicide was the ultimate selfish act (Prevented me from doing it in seventh grade) but lately I've been thinking how nice it would be just to overdose on the sleeping pills I have or to attempt hanging myself again. I'm sorry I really rambled on and was all over the place but its just like my thoughts right now, all jumbled up :(. Thanks for reading