Everything Is Too MuchI feel like the world is crushing me.
All because of money, and my lack of it.  
My tooth is dead.  It aches and screams and hurts - I finally schedule an appointment, haven't gone yet, and I'll go next week...to either go in debt another $1k for a root canal or get it pulled and officially fuck up the last chance my mouth had.  That's when my teeth will begin drifting, and they'll hurt even more.  The pain...everything hurts.

But what's 1k more debt on top of 50k?  50k of unbankruptable student loan debt and some credit card debt, all for a degree that is useless.  A writing degree - who the fuck is SO STUPID do get an arts degree?  Me, 10 years ago, being told I can "be anything I want" even though I didn't know what I wanted to be.

I still don't, so I write shitty blogs and I HATE my job.  Hate every moment of it, but I guess it could be worse, I could be pregnant.  If I were pregnant though, this post wouldn't be happening, because I would just be dead and a-okay with it.

The world is TOO MUCH.  I have to spend the REST OF MY LIFE working shit jobs to pay off debt I never even got to enjoy really?  Never getting to go on vacation?  Never owning a house?  Never owning A GARDEN!!!!  The only thing I want to do in this world is open up a cat sancautary but...
THAT ISN'T PROFITABLE.  

I hate money and thus I hate this entire world.  I don't want to die.  I tell everyone I'm not afraid to die, but it's a lie because I'm afraid there is no reincarnation, no afterlife, no anything - not that I'll know, but still I love my boyfriend.  I love our cats.  I want to stay here and be here - but every single day for MONTHS and maybe even YEARS I have thought "I want to die" and 'I want to kill myself"

Now with this tooth...with even more debt incoming or an even uglier face and mouth incoming, I don't even know why I bother. I love our cats.  I love my boyfriend.  But those things...I could lose those things.  He could leave me, and take his cats with him.  Then I would have truly nothing - and that makes everything even heavier and even harder to deal with - all my worth and goodness and love is put in another person, another entity - it's not in me.  I feel like have zero self worth.  I don't even feel real.

Please talk to me. I absolutely cannot afford help.  Reddit is all I have.  I have zero friends.  My family doesn't care.  My boyfriend works 55+ hours a week so while things are nice when he is home...he is rarely here.