Can't wait for my suitI'm not about to sit here and explain a life story but everything is pretty much a lie and it don't matter how much you "try" or "succeed." Yes there is no quick way or no magic pill to fix things yes I understand that. I'm currently 20 turning 21 in September. I never saw myself making it past 18 let alone 21 but I know it might not happen and I'm ok with that. In November I lost my job fired because I showed up late due to me fucked up in the head, failed all my classes, and I got hit by a train and almost died because I wasn't paying attention. Add up countless self harm marks on my arm, suicide attempts with a shotgun that had my family worried and breaking relationships and failing classes due to suicidal thoughts and depression. 

Last semester I only had to drop or WS one class I did better and I been working out since last May dropping quite a bit of weight and trying to make my mindset better and skating a lot. Now I tried to make up all my credits because this summer I would be done. I set up my classes and my financial aid didn't go through so now I won't even graduate from this community college this summer when I was supposed to graduate last year because this is my 3rd year here. I CANNOT handle being at this another semester. I went to my science class yesterday and I was happy bc im like "wow this science class is gonna be easy and my other 2 classes are im gonna graduate on time." Then they deregistered this morning when I sent in my papers yesterday so I had to hurry up and register for these ones so they wont get locked out. Im not graduating in the fall semester. I been at this college for way  to long and then my mom is gonna keep asking me questions about why my graduation date keep changing like im the one that's bullshitting.

&amp;#x200B;

I don't want to hear keep trying or just do your classes in the fall. Why the fuck is it always a struggle. Every time I have shit set up it always goes bad. I shouldn't have to struggle mentally and physically EVERYTIME I wake up. It should be fun sometimes right? My happiness never lasted more than 2-3 weeks since I was 13. I've been thinking about killing myself since I was 13. I made it through a lot so and tried to be more positive and talk to more people and lose weight but there is always this void inside my chest and this aching feeling I get in everyday life knowing I wont be happy. All I wanted was for this to be my last semester since I was fucking up I did good last semester and was hopeful for this semester but I'm not gonna make it to the fall. Ill still try to see if I can get back in it maybe I wont. 

&amp;#x200B;

I don't wanna be at this school another semester telling my mom "oh I got one more class" that's how it been for the last 3 semesters. I cant even get a damn associates or get it together. So I wont be making it to 21 and im happy about that. This is what I deserve and I will have cold feet and a suit to match the only happiness I will have is when I am buried in that fucking dirt or burned up. I been putting off but I will not be a failure anymore. Atleast I will be remembered as I guy who tried and who was on his way,