Tried to kill myself yesterday. Told my mom. She did nothing... (Long rant)I basically tried to do it with a scarf, panicked and backed out at the last minute. I just feel like I need to be hospitalized, because the medication I used to be on wasn't working and did more harm than good. *(So I only take birth control since my (ya know) affects my mood quite a bit, and sometimes Benadryl to make me fall asleep, which obviously never works.)* All she did was take that specific scarf away, and I have literally a whole drawer full of scarves. So that doesn't help. I feel like she didn't take me seriously. 

Also, I love my therapist/counselor. She seriously has been looking up these shitty DBT counselors that most DEFINITELY won't help me, because I've done that in the hospital. She KNOWS I love my therapist, and I can't just leave her.

The reason I want to go to the hospital is because I don't take medication anymore since, like I said before, they don't work. I want to try ECT. From *real life* experiences (as in other people from the hospital), it has helped so much and almost cured their depression. My mom even agrees that it's a great option and she really wants me to do it! My counselor even does! But the problem is, is that my psychiatrist wants me ON MORE MEDICATION. EVEN WHEN I TELL HIM THAT I DON'T WANT TO AND THEY DON'T WORK. I have tried literally every antidepressant, antianxiety, and antipsychotic there is. WHAT ELSE IS THERE TO TRY?? I only feel sick on these meds, and I don't want to take them. I'm sorry, I forgot to mention I'm only 14, so I'm pretty sure I don't have much of a choice. 

1 more thing. I do this rating thing on myself, on a 1-10 scale. 1 being normal, content. 10, being hospitalized because I'm certainly going to kill myself. These past few weeks (yes weeks) I've been literally 8-10. Not exaggerating. Right now, for the heck of it, I'll say I'm a 10. I have it all planned out. I just don't know what to do. 

If you've read this far, I'd like your suggestions, from what worked for you, your experiences, stuff like that, to how I should convince my mom to hospitalize me and get me some damn help. Yes, I do know that it costs money to be hospitalized, but the thing is, is that (sorry I don't know that much about healthcare just bear with me) I'm all "spent out" so the healthcare would pay for it all? I guess that means that I've been hospitalized so much (2 times as an inpatient at a psych ward, 4-5 times for suicide attempts). Thanks for reading this far (if you have lol).