The first noble truth...Life is suffering. The Buddhists believe life is suffering because of its temporary nature. That everyone and everything we know will end and our attachment to those people and things is the cause of suffering. I feel this deep within my soul. I feel like I cannot go on living because it is too painful. It’s too painful to accept that everything ends. Instead of living with that eventual conclusion, I want to die now and avoid the next 40 years of loss and heartache. Like what is the actual point of all of this? I am married with two young daughters. I love them so much it hurts. It hurts so much that I have intrusive thoughts about taking too many pills. It scares me. I want my husband to know how badly I’m feeling and how much I’m struggling with my mental health. But I’m also afraid of him knowing and thinking I need to be committed or he doesn’t love me anymore since I’m crazy. Our youngest daughter is disabled. She was born that way. It is the single life event that has fucked me up beyond repair.  I have a broken heart. Sometimes I think if I do it, should get the kids in the car and go out together. So we can be together and escape this cruel life. My children are vulnerable and if I took my own life I couldn’t guide, love and protect them. I’d really fuck up my older daughter and I wouldn’t want my death to haunt her. My parents would be wrecked and my husband would be devastated. Life is like a shitty ping pong game where you just bounce around from one life event/milestone to the next until you land on your last milestone, death. We’re all just bouncing from one to the next with so much ignorance of our mortality. It seems the more “woke” I get, the less interested I am in enduring the suffering of life. I don’t talk to people about these feelings and I’m scared to, but I’m also dying to share my truth and get through it to a place where I want to thrive in life, not escape it. I’ve been on antidepressants for 6 years and I’m back in the darkness. No one knows how I struggle. I have so much but it doesn’t take away the grief and pain.  So I medicate, as we all do, with shopping, trips, surgery, food, gambling, racing, eating, not eating... just stuck in the ping pong machine of life finding my next source of happiness. But nothing makes me happy. When i snuggle my children I am flooded with oxytocin and feel so bonded to them. Then I feel so vulnerable to have them in this world, if anything happened to them I could not recover... well much has happened to one of them and I cannot recover. Life is so cruel and I want to stop hurting. Please help. 