Prom NightBackground: Be me. A male junior in high school. I'm typically not a happy person and often think of suicide. I don't really know why. I never see purpose in life. I never have hopes or dreams or anything to really look forward to. Then there's the loneliness. I always feel isolated and alone and I don't know why. I'm not neglected by my parents and I have a few close friends but yet I still am faced with a crippling plight of loneliness. I had a few girlfriends but nothing lasting longer then 2-3 weeks so that doesn't help either. All of these things pile up to create one disgusting melting pot of sadness. Hence why I desire death so greatly. 

Story: It was around March maybe? Prom bids had just gone on sale and i was undecided as to whether I wanted to go or not. There was this one girl. She was just amazing, I loved everything about her. I had fancied her for quite some time and I decided that I would ask her to go to prom with me. Somehow I mustered up the courage to ask her and somehow she said yes. I was ecstatic.   

This had changed everything. I now had something to look forward to. I now had a reason to continue to live. It completely changed my outlook on life. I was now more outgoing, confident, and less shy. I would now do more things with my friends and even make new ones. I don't really know why this change occurred but it did.

Fast-forward to the day of prom. I woke up feeling better then I ever had before. As if I was on top of the world. I go through the school day still feeling better then ever.

It had finally come. Prom night. I was all dressed up in a nice suit and a shirt to match my beautiful date's dress. I pick her up and we arrive at the venue. Things are kind of awkward at first as these things usually are. But after a while things got a little more intimate. We danced we flirted we even held hands and we had a great time. I was confident she was into me as I was head-over-heels for her. 

The night had ended and as we where headed back home i asked her, "does this mean we are dating now?" I was not prepared for her response. "Well, we are two very different people and I just don't think it would really work out." I was crushed. I really thought we had something together. But I guess I was wrong.

I walk into my house and immediately start bawling my eyes out (because I'm a giant bitch when it comes to things like this). Naturally my mother is there for me and tries to comfort me although it doesn't really do much. And then head to bed. 

This was last night. Today I woke up still feeling crappy about what happened last night when i realized that once again things had all changed. I now had nothing to look forward to, nothing to hope for, and all of the confidence I had the day before was all gone. I was really counting on her agreeing to be my girlfriend and I was hoping that would then give me some semblance of a purpose in life. But i was wrong. And now the only thing I hope for is death. Just as it was before all of this ever happened.