I need help so badlyI (19F) have had mental health issues my whole life including substance abuse and trauma from sexual assault. I started drinking heavily at 15 because both my dad and brother are alcoholics and it helped me get over my ocd. I always had trouble making friends, and I had one close female friendship but it turned toxic and she is now addicted to meth. I met my boyfriend when I was 16 and he rapidly became my best friend and a completely codependent partner. 

I had very bad alcoholism issues and one day our drug dealer offered me alcohol and so I went with him and ended up being unable to see or walk and had sex with him. I actually thought he just kissed me but he told me that we had sex later. Something similar happened with another guy a year later. I would use Xanax or alcohol to excess to make my obsessive thoughts go away and then I would wake up and someone would tell me that a guy had sex with me when I was out. My boyfriend found out about one of these times because my friend told and I tried to commit suicide because I had ruined our relationship and nothing else mattered to me. 
  My relationship got somewhat better and then worse. He was very verbally abusive and I was drinking a lot, then he got a DUI. He moved in with me and my parents and I was supporting him and taking him to every single meeting and court appearance. While he was living there my drinking got worse. I would enter blackouts nightly and have no memory of what had happened. I actually made another friend but when I was in a blackout I sent her boyfriend nudes. I have literally no clue why I did this, I am not attracted to him in the slightest. I think maybe I was doing it to spite my boyfriend? I would message random guys and send nudes for attention. My boyfriend is basically asexual as well and rarely ever has sex with me and that would make me upset. My relationship with him was toxic and grew physically abusive. He would still show moment that he really cared though and I had no one else. 

  My drinking reached a really scary moment when my mom threw all my liquor away and I, in my blackout anger, threw her iPad and her clothes and phone in the pool in retaliation. My dad came in and held me down and was hurting me and left bruises so I bit him. The cops came and had to chase me down and I very narrowly avoided a felony. My parents told me I have to move so I’m working a shitty minimum wage cashier job now and saving up. 
  I have OCD and the guilt from the cheating was eating at me so bad. I knew I couldn’t move in with my boyfriend (he was talking about moving with me) and carry the guilt so I told him about the cheating and he says he feels like a retard for trusting me and he wants nothing to do with me anymore and that I’m a horrible person for not telling him. I feel like I have nothing. The relationship I built for years and the only close friend and romantic relationship I’ve ever had is done now because of stupid mistakes I made while drunk. I have nothing to live for. I am thinking about killing myself soon. I can’t keep working this horrible cashier job making barely any money with no friends or relationships.