don't know where to turnI'm guessing people here won't read a huge wall of text so I'll just say that I have made a suicide attempt in the past and have been living with the ramifications of that ever since. Now I see myself heading toward another, and this time I have the means to see that it's not another failed attempt. Obviously I'm not sure about it yet or I wouldn't be looking for help. 

I don't have anyone I can turn to about this, and this post is probably not going to be any help either. I guess what I'm thinking is I should at least try and see what happens. I'm not far from the point of no return here. If I don't find some miracle by tomorrow, well, then it won't matter anymore.

If anyone wants to try and help me here, I can give a little explanation of what's going on with me. I'm a 29 year old man with a house, a car, a steady, good job. I'm healthy, not bad-looking, educated, well-liked by my coworkers, etc. so on paper I have no right to complain about my life. I've come a very long way in the past few years. I've fought hard to better myself and surpassed the goals I had set. The past year has been some of the best, most fulfilling time of my life. The fact that I know all this is in conflict with what I'm planning to do is why I feel like I have to ask someone else to try and explain to me why I'm wrong.

The past two months, I've experienced something I don't know how to deal with. I realize now that what's happened is I've fallen in love with someone. I have been alone all of my adult life. I never tried to have a romantic relationship or anything like that. I've never known what this would be like, but I can't live with it. I'm increasingly unable to function. I barely eat or sleep, I've cried twice in the past week, which is something I never do. If I can't fix this, my life is going to completely unravel and I'll have nothing left. Worse than that, I now feel like everything I had all along is nothing, meaningless. It doesn't make any sense, but it's the truth. I wish I never would have met this person. I wish I could have known what was happening to me before it was too late. 

It seems like there might be some way to fix this, but I'm completely in over my head here. I have no idea about what is happening to me. There's nobody I can turn to for help with this, at least as far as I know. I'm hoping someone here might be able to.