Every day I feel like I wanna dieSince the last year, I have felt like I want to end it all. Let me give you a backstory. I am 16 years old and have survived from multiple infectious diseases, mainly Lyme Disease. I am currently a straight A student at a vocational school, and my brain is unmatched. However, because I am somewhat disabled, I have a plan in my school to account for this. Many kids have harassed me, and some have not become my friends because of this. I am very popular in my school because I am very intelligent. The feeling starts when I leave school, and I go home. My mom always starts yelling at me or cursing at me because I cannot gain any weight or my posture is bad or some other stupid reason. Whenever she talks about any of these conditions, she does research, but she also talks about the cost spent to heal me. Every day I am feeling more and more depressed because I feel like all she does is yell and scold me. She makes me feel horrible about myself that I want to drink rat poison and get it over with. She is also thinking of me taking a year off from school. I don't want to lose my friends and my knowledge! Especially at junior year, the hardest year in school. I like my friends and want to graduate to college with them. I want to become a surgeon, but mom makes me feel that I am not worthy to live or become a surgeon. She just wants me to be her prized show-dog, the kid who survived Lyme and is perfectly healthy. She keeps talking about spiritual stuff that is not real, and she keeps saying that she is an "evolved" being. I do not understand why my mother has to be a bully to me 24/7/365. She cares more about her business than me, and she calls every behavior an addiction. For example, if I am on the computer doing work, she calls it a computer addiction, even though I have tons of schoolwork every day. The only semblance I get is from my dad because I feel like I can talk to him. However, if I talk to him, I think he will rat to mom, and she'll get angry at me. I do not want a response saying "it's OK" or "call this number" I have tried that. Please help, it may be my last words