I'm tired.Hi. This is hideously rambling. I'm sorry but I don't seem to be able to form a proper train here.

I guess I should say who I am roughly, I'm 32, Male, self-employed (its hard, so hard, but I am surviving and succeeding at it). Its hard to say exactly whats wrong, I guess its many things. I feel like I've been fighting against all flags my whole life. Everyone who I've ever loved has betrayed me at one point or another. My friends, my parents, and the woman I loved more than anything. 

My whole adult life I've had to be strong for others, my best friend (he betrayed me too, for a woman. I let him back in my life maybe 6-8 years ago, I recognized his genuine remorse)... my once fiance. Many people rely on me to help them because I always seem to have unlimited strength. I am always willing to help others, its my essential nature -- I cannot help it. I was strong so I helped the weak instinctively.

Years ago my best friends life was in shambles, he was sick, broke and lonely and no one seemed to care, except me. I helped him through it, he was close to suicide and I believe if I was not there he would have done it. We've always been a pair since we met in Grade 9 because our lives where unhappy, we did our best and fought for years back to back against all the truly awful shit that just kept happening to us. He did betray me, but he was remorseful -- but perhaps it was only because his relationship didn't work out in the end. I think that if his relationship with this woman did work, he would have never returned to be my friend again. 

My parents betrayal is really too personal to discuss. They both love me, and again, I forgave them for their actions because sometimes people just do not understand why what they are doing is wrong. Maybe they figured it out eventually, maybe not. Still, my Dad has been awesome to be for a long time now and I know he loves me very much. But he is.. a strange person who doesn't seem to understand emotional pain very well. I would swear he was an alien if I didn't know for a fact he has produced human offspring. He wants to help me but is simply incapable of understanding whats happening with me. He just cannot understanding that I'm finally crumbling, or why.

I met my ex three years ago through a work friend. She was my first real relationship at 29. Women do not seem to like me for some reason. I don't think I'm unattractive, but something about my personality maybe, I don't know or understand it. Love at first sight should be bullshit, but for me it just wasn't, it was real and she said she felt it too. She was bipolar, very bipolar. The fact that she was somehow broken was attractive to me because of my bizarre and insane need to protect those around me. It felt good to suffer through her bipolar fits of rage and depression because it felt like I was doing what I was meant to do. I felt that my strength was doing what it was meant to be doing, and although at times I was frustrated by her mood swings... she was so sweet and loving when she was normal which honestly was most of the time. We where so close and loving that my lifelong depression just vanished. It was like it was never there, and my past and nightmares .. where just not a problem. She got angry at me occasionally because I refused to discuss my past very much -- but she didn't really understand that all my life was horrible and that I didn't ever want to relive those events, that guilt and rage where the only things in my past and I was finally free of them. I don't think it was ever a factor though in the break up.

EDIT: I'll never be to depressed and crazy to see a typo and not want to fix it.