i've been "asked to leave" workI've been barely hanging on for a while. I tried to kill myself in August but the bleeding stopped. I have had some okay days but no good days.

I have been trying my hardest to keep on keeping on, but some days are just so bad. So bad. Sometimes I can't keep from saying something and I slip up, I stop pretending to be happy and I say things, stupid things, like "I want to hurt myself" or "I want to kill myself". I have said them at work to coworkers but mostly to myself, but they hear them.

Well today was a really bad one. I slipped up. A coworker asked me if I was doing okay because I was starting to cry in the back, and I told her no, I was not okay, I wanted to end my life and I can't make it stop.

My boss took me aside when I got back from my break. He said that he had tried to work with me on this but it's gotten too bad. He said that he has received numerous comments from my coworkers that I am short with them (usually just too down to say anything or look them in the eye) or I say horrible things like wanting to hurt myself or kill myself, and that it is making it an unbearable work environment for my coworkers. Hostile. Upsetting. He said he is taking "corrective action" to the fullest extent he can because I have not gotten better, and he is waiting to hear from his boss before talking to me again. He sent me home.

He said, "I don't want to fire you. I don't want you to feel like there is any pressure on you. But this has to be your choice." He is pursuing corrective action to the fullest extent, which may be up to and including termination. He wants me to leave the company so he doesn't have to be the bad guy.

I have only kept with the company because I am so broke and need the insurance to afford my therapist. I am $1600 in debt right now because of my suicide attempt in August and the aftermath from that, a series of awful decisions. I would have worked more hours but I can't will myself to. I can barely afford rent. And now I've lost my job. It is not feasible for me to "get better" enough to perform at the level they except from me, need from me.

They had scheduled me to work on Wednesday, which is the only day of the week I require OFF on my availability to ensure I can see my therapist. I did not have the wherewithal to double check my schedule and had to cancel my Wednesday appointment. Holidays and all she can't see me until new years eve. I really need to talk to somebody. I really need to talk to somebody I need some help, I can't do this anymore and I don't see any other options at this point, oh god oh god oh god i can't stop crying, i am so sorry