Feeling helpless this summer, again.When I quit my retail job for a better paying job in a small business clinic, I thought my life was getting better.

Until I started working at the clinic and had a manager that gave me shit all the time to the point where it made my depression and anxiety worse. She would essentially tell me that I was useless and worthless and it didn't take too long for me to feel that way. I ended up quitting after 2 miserable weeks, and without finding another job first. 

Now I'm unemployed and without income. As a college student - a nursing student. My cash supply is dwindling because of food and gas expenses, and I'm lying to my parents about my unemployment because I can't bare the shame of telling them that their daughter is a quitter.

I must have applied to more than a dozen jobs in retail since then. I'm desperate, and willing to take any job. Even one that would pay less than I was getting before - which was just $11 an hour. But I haven't heard back from anyone. And this just makes me feel even more worthless than ever.

To add insult to injury, I'm not doing so hot in the one summer class that I'm taking thanks to a bad start in the beginning of the semester when my depression was so bad I had no motivation to do anything. I might have to retake the class - which is more money I don't have.

All of my financial issues are overwhelming me and I feel way too young to take all this responsibility. It's a constant burden and a headache and I just want to run away from it all somehow or some way... Suicide keeps coming back to my mind. Depression and anxiety are battles I've been fighting since I was fourteen. I'm approaching 19 this August, and I don't feel any older or wiser or more capable of fighting this battle.

I feel ashamed for complaining about this, when there are others that are going through so much worse. And I wish I was strong enough to handle my own measly problems. But I can't. And I feel even more pathetic and worthless as a result.

It's neverending.

