I am going to kill myself soon, I just know itHi. First time posting here on Reddit. Been a long time reader, though. My suicidal thoughts have been spiraling for a little past a decade. 21 now, but what's age matter when it comes to being mentally happy? It doesn't matter at all... 
"Oh, you're so young, you have so much time left! Don't give up!" Are the words I hear echoing in my head. I don't. Give. A. Fuck. Ya know?
I used to be so happy.. two years ago. Lived in New Orleans, did art all the time, was always out meeting new people, dancing my drunk ass off and doing whatever drugs I could find! I was 19 at the time. I was so blissful! Then.. I went traveling across country with this girl I barely knew. Quit my job, quit school and just up and left to drive all the way to California. Anyway.. great times were had up there! No doubt. I don't really regret it when I think of all the life experience I had gained by doing that..how much smarter I am now. 
It's not really the trip I regret, per-say.. it's what happened to me after I got back home. Dry eye syndrome. Ever heard of it? Blepharitis? Ocular rosacea? Yeah. I have all of that. Look it up. It's not fucking easy to live with, nor is it fun. I want to kill myself because life is LITERALLY HELL EVERY FUCKING DAY. IT IS MISERABLE JUST GETTING UP AND FEELING LIKE MY EYES ARE BEING POKED BY FUCKING KNIVES.
Sorry. Lemme calm myself down a bit before continuing. I am going to smoke a cigarette real fast too.  
Ok, I'm back. Ever since I've attained this, mind you, CHRONIC DISEASE, I have been wanting to die. Every day. I'll try to make you understand how bad this is and how I am NOT over-exaggerating. 
I cannot wear makeup. At all. Not even a little bit. Sounds superficial but I am a 21 YEAR OLD WOMAN WHO IS ALSO AN ARTIST. Makeup is long gone for me. 
Oh. Music festivals! Can't do that because there's the high chance that I'll get smoke blown in my face or wind in my face and my eyes will dry out for the rest of the night and I'll be stuck throwing eye lubricants in them just to be able to see correctly. Sound fun yet?
Forget the beach. Or swimming. Or bungee-jumping. Or bonfires. Or smokey bars (which I used to loveeeee). Forget sticking my head out the window to catch a breeze. Forget ever riding in a helicopter. Which I've always wanted to do, but can't now. 
My girlfriend broke up with me last month, had been cheating on me and broke my fucking heart. That makes me feel even more ugly.
Oh, and almost ALL of my eyelashes have fallen out and if they do grow back, they grow back white and not standing up correctly. The area around my eyes is constantly red and inflamed, swollen and greasy looking. After only thirty minutes on my laptop, I have to take a break and rest my eyes. What the FUCK?! I want my life back! I want my eyes back! I want my beauty back! I want my confidence back!
Now tell me, please, what's the point of living with this chronic disease? It will NEVER go away. Look. I know people live with things even worse but I just feel like I am far too young to be dealing with such qualms. I am so intelligent and I don't really want to die but FUCK THIS. Literally, fuck this pain. I give up. I do NOT want to deal with this for the rest of my life. 
Dealing with this on top of being bipolar, OCD, ADHD and having a personality disorder, this is really just the fucking icing on the cake. Fuck. FUCK. FUCK!!!!!!
Do not tell me I am now allowed to do this. I am certainly allowed to kill myself in order to take my pain away. I deserve sweet release. I really do.
I always wanted to be a mother but how can I even do that when I'm crazy like this? I couldn't give my child the life they deserve.  I am past the point of saving. If I am stopped, it will only prolong the inevitable.
I am done. Goodbye, cruel, cruel, world! 
This is all an illusion anyway.

One more thing. I am really going to miss sex. And music. And dancing and writing and singing and cooking and reading and flower smelling.. but I might can get all that and even more in the after life, right? Don't tell me that it doesn't exist. I've seen it already. I died (drowned) when I was a kid and I remember the light and I remember meeting my deceased grandma on the other side, who told me to go back to my body. I didn't want to. It really must have been beautiful up and there and I am no longer afraid.
I honestly do not think there's anything you can tell me that will make me change my mind at this point.