Maybe I should just shut up and disappear...?I don't even know how I'm supposed to live my life anymore. I feel like I'm just filled with bitterness and resentment.


When my parents decided to take our family to a different country, I was told to try and understand the situation. I didn't want to leave. I pleaded and begged. But no, "it was for the best."


When I got enrolled to an all-girls school instead of a co-ed school, my parents promised to let my transfer if I didn't enjoy it. I didn't. I felt isolated. I was so upset about leaving my home country that I didn't want to associate with anyone. And when I did become friends with some girls, I ended up obsessing about them to the point that I was trying to control their lives. I still hated going to that school. I wanted to leave. But no, "it was for the best so I didn't have to go far away to pick my brother up" (his primary school was next door)


When I chose to study computer science in uni, I thought I had it all figured out. But no, since uni started I just wanted to stop. I hate it.


When I found the person who's supposed to be the love of my life, I had to deal with a year long on and off relationship. We're better people now, but I have trouble opening up.


I don't really know where I'm going with this. You probably think I'm just being ungrateful. I probably am. I don't even know who I am anymore. 


I keep crying everyday. I feel stuck at home. I have no money. I can't move out. I don't even feel like I have the energy to do anything about it. I keep feeling like I'm either a burden or being manipulative. I feel immense hatred and resentment towards my parents even if I don't want to. I keep having intense breakdowns and near suicidal moments. But when people go away after every single one, there's a small voice in my head saying, "good job. you acted that out very well. almost deserve an Oscar there." 


I don't even know if I'm legitimately mentally ill, or if I'm just a really bad person in disguise anymore. I keep making people worry, but at the same time, it's like I get a kick out of seeing people worry about me. I seem to love blaming everyone who has hurt me in the past. Who am I even? Why do I keep being a nuisance to people? Maybe I should just shut up and disappear?


TL;DR: First part consists of me rambling about factors that could have fostered my feelings of resentment and hate. The rest consists of me questioning whether I'm still a good human being, and maybe I don't deserve to live anymore.