I didn't realize this was a subreddit. Here is what I have been writing. I started free writing about a week ago. I get so upset that I just start typing whatever comes into my head. I have felt this way since I got back from Iraq a few years ago. However about six months ago it has gotten out of control. I have had bouts or incidents of PTSD since returning home but I always bounced back. I thought I could deal with it and it would get better over time. It seemed like it was working at first. I was pretty out of control when I first got out. After several months I started to calm down though. Some time over the summer it hit me and I have not bounced back yet if that makes sense. It has been constant ever since then. I have never dealt with anything like this before. I feel like I am loosing my mind. Last semester at school was the worst I have ever done out of three years at school. I can't concentrate I can't remember things. I have gained weight and i can't find the motivation to do anything. Is this the right subreddit for this or is there a more appropriate one? I am not thinking about killing myself but a lot of times I do wish I was dead. A lot of behavior is certainly self destructive. Also I contacted the VA back in September telling them I needed to talk to someone and I am still waiting to see someone. They keep pushing my appointment back. The next date I have isn't until March. In the meantime I don't know what to do. I don't have insurance outside the VA or money to pay for a civilian shrink. Anyway here is what I have been writing.

I left my mind back in the desert and I am having a hard time dealing with the real world. I can’t deal with people and everyday life. I walk through work like a zombie. I am on auto pilot and my mind is back in the desert.

I struggle with the urge to drop out of society. To just not take part in the whole thing anymore. To just exist somewhere as a living creature. Not a human in the rat race.

Everything I have know up until several months ago is obsolete. I don’t know anything. I can’t relate to anyone. I don’t know whether I am going to scream, explode, hit someone, break down into tears or just sit there and stare the wall.

I don’t know what to do anymore. I think I would be happier if I just lived in the woods away from people. If I just drifted from town to town trying to get by, day by day. At least it would be different and exciting. I feel like the monotony of everyday life is going to make me lose it. If there is anything left to lose. The day in day out of going to a job that I can’t stand so most of it can go to pay for a mortgage.

New day

I sit and I stare at the wall. My eyes are filling up with tears. No specific reason why. I am questioning my entire existence. I don’t want to do any of the tedious bullshit anymore that makes up everyday life in society. I am ready to smash something or tare something apart.

I think back to the last time I saw *****’s father alive. He was sick with cancer and we knew he was going to die. This was my last time home a few weeks before I would leave for Iraq. I remember sitting in the room with him thinking that soon we would both die. I remember sitting there thinking at least he had lived a full life and could die with his family around him. I would go die alone in a desert at 21. I didn’t die however. I came back. Although I feel dead inside. I don’t feel any connection to anyone. I feel distant to everyone and everything. Sometimes I feel like I am watching myself move about throughout the day.
