AngerI have wept bitterly thinking of the notes I would write my siblings and a very dear friend in a similar position - how sorry I am, that I will always love them, that I want them to go forward and be happy. 

But in the last year, what I've thought of more is just letting a decades or two worth of anger out too. 



I think of letting lose on the cosmetic surgeon who left me with a butchered, dysfunctional nose that has negatively affected my whole life, my stamina, daily migraines, my ability to endure an eight hour day or reading or anything that requires being awake and cognitive attention. (That one I feel less bad about.) 



For my shitsack high school administrators, who never connected a college education to working life - so I chose a useless, stupid degree without knowing what to do with it (not that it hindered so many people I know who were given unbelievable jobs - publishing jobs, marketing jobs, executive assistant jobs)  or that if I wouldn't intern, I would never enter the workforce (as has been born out). 

My father spent 2 years looking for a job for my younger brother after he graduated; he told me I was a fucking idiot for choosing sociology and didn't ask or inquire if he could help me for a month, nor did he ask me what I wanted to do. No adult guidance.

I needed it. I was so crazy and sick after graduating, it didn't even occur to me who to ask for help. 

For friends that judged me and tell me I'm a piece of shit - because they got marketing jobs with art history and English degrees and were literally handed them by mother's boyfriends, friends, the same temp agencies that send me to minimum wage filing clerk jobs (or did) that last three days, and end without warning or explanation. 


And most of all, for my mother, who destroyed me, who told me I was a piece of shit and bad from the time I was 8, who did when I applied to every job, who screamed at me about how stupid I was, that I was a consummate piece of shit who " HATED EVERYTHING!!!!" all work! All fields! A PIECE OF SHIT, REFUSING ALL WORK, LAZY, STUPID, DESERVING OF MISFORTUNE - because I balked at turning around and going back to school for early childhood education - "glorified babysitting", as one state Congressman referred to it - the least transferable thing requiring an MS that might exist, short of physical therapy.  Their cowering, stupid, ugly, co-dependent daughter, who has literally never been able to get a job or been trained in a skill). Who shrieks and babbles like someone is torturing her if she is around her family, the way a baby does, incessant - through college finals and job applications and essays and phone interviews that weren't even followed up with rejection letters and horrible, horrible continuing ed courses completely disconnected to employment. My mother has forced me into so much bullshit based on a crazy old woman's mixture of streams and contempt- I've spent more of my life in dump campuses or wiping asses and noses (as a volunteer - still no job leads!) than working in an office. 

I know how cruel it'd be. 

I have no proof to the contrary of what she said, despite trying desperately, from my shit-eating grin in interviews  to the 12/hour jobs I accepted to horrible sweaty brand-ambassador jobs (standing on the street with a fucking flag attached to me like a harness) just to get something, courtesy of temping agencies that fed my friends to reception jobs, admin jobs - permanent jobs. I don't know what makes me different. And thus a prophecy was fulfilled and made flesh.

If there is literally *any other job candidate* applying for an entry level job alongside me - I am passed over, because in 10 years, I have acquired 18 months of work experience. 11 months were unpaid, for a not for profit that made very clear I would never, ever be an actual employee, and they trained me to do dickshit. 

Temp agencies will not place me anymore.


Since I suspect someone will tells me I made my own bed due to my anger - it wasn't anger.

Being dumb as a box of rocks, scatterbrained, easily overwhelmed, social anxiety, and cowardice - particularly thanks to cystic acne - maybe. But not angry.

Do any of you coming here, probably having spent years dreaming of just ending it to make the impotence of trying and failing and slowly becoming less over a person each year you're alive, watching the world pass you by, relate? 

I'm already dead on the inside; I have been for a long, long time. 

I'm only here because I think if I killed myself I'd destroy my family, but the level of hatred I have for myself and my mother almost undoes that. I'm so tired. Every attempt I've made towards even a shitty but vaguely normal life with a shitty job blows  up in my face. It's more than humiliating - every time I send my pathetic resume around, I might as well be sending their hiring managers my contact information with a stamped form indicating I'm a stupid basket case who may or may not have a criminal record. Instead I know I go straight into the trash.

I don't even really want to work. Work sucks if you're pretty, smart, and feel valued by society - I have never been any of these things and feel like I missed the 21st century. I want to be dead. All of this, all this horseshit - it's a pretense of life until my father dies so I can too. 


