Need help and advice about my neighbourIts 4:00am. The story started at about 1am. I was home when my neighbour knocked at my door, calling me for help. I went out to his apartment and he started telling me how he got pulled over for driving 134kph on a 90kph road, and got a suspension and a trial for doing that. He is a cab driver and drives for a living. He asked me to drive his cab to fill a full tank and bring it back to station with him. I did so.

On the way the man broke down completely yelling, crying, pouring water on himself, throwing everything, cursing out people. I was afraid for myself and him. Another driver brought us back to his apartment and I stayed with him. He smoked something I'm not familiar with, and started going crazy again, broke his chairs, broke more furniture and a door, put on very loud "sad" music. I turned it down and he screamed at me, I told him someone will call the cops on him then he let me tune it down. He took a shower and cried. I was terrified for him and myself. Later he came out and sat with me crying and explaining how he is a failure to his mom and sister that help him all the time. He is about 43 years old. He said he has a debt of about 50K, and this ticket will make him lose his Bus Driver Licence that costs 15K to make (In my country's currency) I assume this isn't the first time he's going crazy like this, he recently got married and divorced the day after. He is taking pills, I don't know which. He asked me to co-sign a loan with him. I didn't reply and I do not intended to.

After cleaning the apartment, washing the floor and calming down I said I will join him to his trial tomorrow morning. I will do it just watching over that he doesn't kill anyone or himself. While he was in the shower I called an emergency mental help hotline but all the lines were busy. I need advice for him. Thank you.

update: This morning he got ready and we left for the trial. He forgot some papers at home, took the wheel of the car and drove recklessly home himself, seriously GTA style, going over sidewalks and screeching the tires. When we got home I got out of the car and said "That's it I'm out and I wish you the best". He drove off to another friend that will take him to court. I went out because I'm afraid to go home.