I'm just going to leave this here...This is just something I needed to write.

Why i'm doing this I don't know but this will be a point of reference someday, well...hopefully.
Right now I want to die, life seems pointless, the good times are over and the end is fast approaching, I have a set of friends right now that i adore, but forget them for now, lets start with my family.
There's only really 2 isn't there? My mother and sister, those are the real family, the ones that have seen me through and made sure everything went to plan, the ones who loved me and fought for me and the ones that moulded me.
From as far back as I can remember my mother has cared for me and been a symbol of safety, I adore that woman so fucking much it hurts, I cry often at times thinking back to the safety I felt from her as a child, and the love I had
and still have for my mother, even now while im writing this I'm shedding tears, i'm so lost right now and I need that woman more than she will ever know. I wonder if she knows how much I really do need her. Yet my selfish ways get
the better of me and I treat her like shit, I make her cry. I'm so fucking sorry if you ever read this honestly, i remember my childhood like it was yesterday and the pure love I have for you, I would never do anything to hurt you,
I remember so clearly you used to pick me up from nursery and i'd be so excited that I'd make you something out of blue tac for when you arrived, to show how appreciative I was that you were picking me up, I was 4. At 6 I
remember you making my halloween costume out of bin bags because you couldn't afford a costume for us, I fucking loved that costume and didn't ever think twice about it, you made the hard times so oblivious to me as a child and for
that I thank you, I never ever felt worse off than any other kid and I thank you so much for trying so hard to make that possible, im so fucking proud of you for getting a degree with 2 children, I know it was hard and I never realised
that until later on in my life. The amount of time you put in to make not just my childhood but my sisters also so happy, I can never repay you. Theres a million things you did for us, beleive me I remember them all, you made my childhood
Magical, but lets continue.  

When I was 12 you met the man of your dreams, you deserved him so much you don't understand, our abusive dad was such a cunt and I needn't say much more about him, I was so happy for you, but this is unfrotunately when everything started
going wrong, we moved house, and I lost everything, all my friends, anything I ever knew or understood was taken from me and I was left alone and scared, I became insecure from bullying at a new school, although this got better, It changed
who I was and caused a lot of problems with my mental health, but this isn't about my problems, I dont even know what this is about. Im 18 now, and I feel i've met the end, I cant cope anymore mum and im so fucking sorry.
I do hope for my sake and yours that I make it through but i'm not sure I will. I just need you to know that deep down, i'm still that child who adored you so much and I still beleive you're a fucking angel, I haven't changed atall.
I know I still live with you and we speak everyday, but it's not the same as when I were younger, im always out now and we do nothing together, and you don't know anything about how i'm feeling, I just wish I could be held in your
arms like a child again because im so fucking scared mum, I don't know what to do. I love you more than you will ever know and i'm in absolute tears right now because I should prove it to you more, but I have no motivation, before I decide
to end it I will make a book with a list of all the beautiful things I remember from my childhood, I fucking promise. I've done some stupid things mum and hopefully you will forgive me if you're ever reading this. I never meant to cause
you any pain. You will never know or understand how I view you as a person, when i see you I don't look at you in the present, I just see all of the things from the past you have done for me. YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL TO ME, YOU ARE MY WORLD,
YOU'RE...Well, you're my mum x

To my beautiful sister, you are amazing. You're the most artistic person I know and you're going to go places, you were always going to be the one destined for greatness and don't let anybody tell you different, you're the most kind
hearted person I know and don't worry, I haven't forgotten anything you've done for me, I remember all of it, taking the blame for breaking the curtains so I didn't get beaten off dad, also taking the blame for the skateboard putting
a hole in the wall so I didn't get beaten off dad, beating up a bully in that game of football for me, I remember it all. You're older now, and the roles have switched, but I still fucking adore you and I remember it all. And I am so
fucking sorry I may not be here to protect you the way you did me, i'm a coward, I know. I remember building dens with you like it was yesterday, Chloe...I AM SORRY. My heart hurts for you, I love you the same as I loved you 10 years ago.
Stay strong. x
