I think i have a plan now...So here's some back story first and I'll try and keep it short. I've suffered from severe depression for quite a many years and even lost a girlfriendbecause we didn't understand at the time why i would constantly feel like utter shit.  But I've grownand well things aren't all that better. I'm in huge financial debt and back payments that i can't find a way to fix even though I've been constantly looking for work but overnight part time is apparently hard to come by. I watch my child 24/7 and when his mom (my gf) comes home from work, i don't really get a break. I understand she's tired to from being the only income but i man everything is left on me. I do the house work and the cleaning and the cooking and I'll admit i didn't mind in the beginning when i moved in but then i realized there was no balance and i started getting a little lazy about stuff I'll admit. Especially after she would tell everyone that she does everything with no help so i let it be true and started waiting for her to clean for me to help out. Moving on. I've recently learned she's actually developing a drinking problem because of my depression so my feeling like complete shit is screwing her up because I'm not the best at understanding howto convey many emotions and feelings or how to describe when things are wrong. Hell I've stayed bottling up everything since she's always stressed and overwhelmed. I actually started an experiment where when we have arguments where she'll blame me for something completely stupid or blow something out of proportion, I'll openly talk down about myself in some way and she'll just go along with it. Moving on. I've lost all interest in anything that used to bring me joy. I haven't been able to even finish AC Origins which i love the game but just can't bring myself to it anymore. Nor horizon zero dawn. Or any game i have. All just lost the appeal. I don't draw anymore or write or user my camera for anything and it feels like a huge chore to even try. And lately it feels like there's constant screaming in my head. I'm not hearing voices but it's hard to describe. A few days before the new year i tried to kill myself until i realized i didn't really plan any part of it. I left no note or anything. So, I'm gonna write a letter to the few people that mean the most to me and when i write the last one, I'll just end it. I can't really see a point in contributing on. Sorry fit the wall of text ..