I'm just tired of it all.[39/F] I just can't do this anymore. I'm tired, drained, exhausted. Life, up to this point, had been an amazing roller coaster and I am not regretful of the experiences: the good, the bad, and the in-betweens. But the last year has been too much, too fast for me. I've finally admitted to myself very openly that I am a useless person and have nothing to offer anyone. Not creatively. Not intellectually. Not intimately. Nothing. I have absolute zero.

I was a horrible daughter. I say was because both parents have passed away within the past five years. Being introverted and feeling like the black sheep, I felt I had nothing to talk about. My life kinda was boring. I don't go out. I don't do much. I spend a lot of time writing stories or playing video games. What is there really to talk about? I knew dad was sick before he did. And I knew it was his last birthday but I didn't show up because I was scared to death knowing he would die. My mother... I could have treated with a little more compassion and a little more restraint. I was angry because the family turned to me to be the disciplinarian when her bipolar caused her harm. The abuse sustained by her from childhood also didn't help.. So I told her to stay away from me until I could heal. She died four months after she got the letter. I am the worst daughter.

I'm also the reclusive sibling. I have one sister and a nephew. They are the only remaining family I have. I barely contact either of them. I feel I have nothing to talk about. My life is boring, stagnant, unappealing - even to me. I have no joy or excitement about anything in life like I used to. There is really nothing to share. 

Three years ago I returned to university to start my path towards my Master's. I had to start nearly all over, but I've dealt with it in stride. I've learned to live low on the hog and keep my job as an office manager. Yet, that job which has helped me sustain basic living has all but dried up due to recent downgrading. On top of schoolwork, homework, research, experiments, and working as needed, I have been desperately looking for a job. It's gotten to the critical point now and I have asked favors of the few people I know in town to keep an eye open. I now only work 4 hours a week. Not enough to pay my rent anymore and I'm terrified because I am a couple hundred short for this next month. 

I have few friends. I've always been introverted, and trying to be social takes a lot out of me. It also takes a great deal for me to get close to someone to be able to trust I can talk to them about anything. Right now, I've four friends online, all through gaming, that I could talk to. Unfortunately, as much as I respect and trust them, I wish I had never told two of them that I feel ready to end my life. One truthfully does not know what depression is like and rarely has a bad day. While the talk was at least a start, I feel there is a distance between us now. The other was so distraught and crying for an entire day that he exhausted himself to sleep. I'm scared to talk to them again because I don't want to incite despair or further distancing. 

The past few years I have tried to make friends with people IRL, I have been told no. Literally, "I have too many friends and don't need another." and "No, I don't want to be friends." I generally feel like an outcast or too weird for people. I feel socially inept most the time, even when I try to engage and push through my anxiety over it. 

And now... I can't feel motivated to do anything... Work or school, playing games, cleaning up (my place is a monstrous mess), getting out, talking, writing, or working on side creative projects or writing. I just don't care... I have no more feelings inside about anything. Everyday I pray for something to happen... my biggest is that I will be hit fatally by a vehicle. So far, the past week... I have not even flinched when the wild drivers in my city have come whipping blindly into my lane or narrowly missing my car. When before, I would have gotten mad and yelled.. Now I just sit there and wait for impact.

I do think about what I'm considering. I love my family, but they will be better off not having to worry. I'll be sure to box some things up for them for sentimental reasons. I'll clean my place up and pack my things away so my landlady has little to worry about and my sister will not have to go through my things like she did for our parents. I don't want her to do it a third time. It's unfair. I should do this on my own to save her the trouble.  I'm in the process of leaving notes for the few I care about and looking for a loving home for my pet. I'm trying to find replacements for me on various art projects that I am involved in. So far, I have found one. As soon as this person is taken on, I'll take my leave. I feel its important to tidy up loose ends.

I am alone. I feel unwanted. I feel unworthy. I feel useless. I have no skills that can be useful for a job. I have no connections to find myself a loving and honest partner. I have nothing to offer for a face to face friendship. I feel completely overwhelmed with university and burdened with fears that I'm making a mistake. I'll be homeless next month and I will have no more money. I don't know anyone here I can rely on. I am the biggest loser and I'm tired of it all. Life no longer has spark or meaning or passion.







