Back againAbout 2 months ago I made a post that I'd hoped would be my final one. I planned on ending it but I clearly didn't have the guts.

So, first I'll update on what happened after I left home. I tried to find a place to die, but I couldn't find a jump big enough and frankly I didn't quite have the guts to jump under a truck or anything. Anyways, I just decided "fuck it, I'm just gonna walk as far as my feet will take me for the entire night. Then maybe I'll kill myself." I walked from about 12pm til 3am, and then again from 3:30am to 5am. In that time I walked something like 10 kilometers. I don't remember the exact number anymore though. By this point I just couldn't keep walking. My feet ached, I was cold, I was so tired it hurt. I ended up spending a night over at a friend's place. I told him that I left home and some of the details, and he let me stay at his place.

After all that, I slept for around 16 hours and hobbled back home, using the last money I had on a train ticket. Since then, it's started looking more likely that my dad's illness could kill him, and these days I kind of wish it would. I never liked him, never even saw him as a father. He sure as shit wasn't fit to be one. Well, neither was my mother, but at least she's not an asshole. That said, if he does die, me and Mum will be completely fucked. That's one less person in the house to help with getting money in, and god knows Mum would probably never recover.

I'm still intensely suicidal. In fact, things have gotten worse in that way. I think I finally have a method that will work, too. I'll have to build something and wait until everybody is out of the house, but it's definitely doable. I'm still not sure if I have the guts to do it but if I do everything right it should only take a couple of seconds before I'm unconscious. I've become incredibly jaded these last couple of months - I browse r/watchpeopledie for a laugh now. Can't really explain why but I find that board hilarious. Maybe I'm just an edgelord.

This post is getting too long now. I've got so little left to hold on for and frankly, I'm just screaming into the abyss right now. I don't expect anything to help because I know that I can't help myself. Because of that, I'm stuck here living a life I don't want to lead - a 19yo NEET with no ambitions, no responsibility and no life skills. All I look forward to anymore is when this fucking life comes to the screaming halt I've been waiting for since I was born. I'll wait until next month before I end it, but let's just say that I've got a plan. 

Some people are born with a razor in their hand and a bullseye painted on their throat.
