Questioning**This is not urgent, just release.** 

I am an overly happy person, my depressive phase was about eight years ago due to stress over (middle!) school work and expectations that I would continue to be top of my class and in advanced programmes.  Eventually I broke down and realized that all the stress and anger I was feeling was meaningless as we all die eventually, and I completely stopped caring about all my work but was so, so happy, graduated high school with low to moderate grades.  I am now solidly in the mindset that my own happiness should be valued over anything else (though I do not harm others as I do have a working moral compass) but this means that I always take the easy way out.  

I'm at a turning point in my life and feel that ending it would be a much easier option.  I graduated a few weeks ago from a good art school, however I am aware that my own skills will not get me a job, the field I was taught in is waning in this area and there is weekly news of dwindling jobs.  I cannot find regular part time or full time work due to what my doctor believes is a severe case of delayed sleep phase disorder, I am awake from 5pm to 7am and have tried for eight months to change it.  I couldn't despite the pressures of having a schedule for school, my entire life for a very long time has been uncontrollably falling asleep every few hours during the day, I cannot stay awake under my own willpower.  I am waiting for a sleep test to receive an official diagnosis that can be legally recognized for employers, but there is a nine month wait and I cannot go jobless until then.  I live with my mother but she refuses to support me even if I try to find a graveyard shift job because she doesn't deem it "normal".  I have a week of agreed time left until she begins to pressure me to look for work during the day, I know I'll be fired in weeks even if I find a day job.

She is the sole source of any fear, sadness, stress, anger I have, she is bipolar and during arguments is unable to reason properly.  We love each other very much and have both realized that me living with her any longer is toxic to my mental health but she can't let her notions of me not having a sleeping problem go, she is convinced it's a habit that could be fixed if I tried hard enough. Whenever we talk about it I feel worthless.

In short, I live most of my days constantly drowsy, and my dreams seem like a much nicer place to be.  I'm small, I don't think I'll survive on the street, and so ending things feels like the best option.  I'm happy, I'm calm thinking about it, it's the rational thing to do in my situation.  I have many online friends that I'm close with and I feel loved, I'm not in physical pain, I just can't find any outside trigger that makes me feel like I'm not thinking right, you know? This makes sense to me, it's not supposed to be a viable option according to everyone, but it doesn't feel like a wrong one and I know I'm completely in control of my thoughts right now.  I've thought about it for a while.  Enough rambling, could I please have a suggestion maybe of what to do? 