My story. I'm dramatic but it's trueMy life once made sense to me and anyone looking onto it. This life lasted a long time, until I met the love of my life. 
	The first time I met her, I didn’t think much of her.  I had just transferred schools, and halfway across the states. I had no friends to speak of, the problem being I had moved a week before school started and had spent all my time unpacking all of our shit. I’m not good at making good first impressions and I’m a shy person. I was assigned to a homebase, and we pretty much spent the first day there acquainting new students to those who weren’t. It was my first year being at a private school, and they were really corny about being open to all types of people and taught racial equality to a body of students raised to accept others. I made a few friends who I stuck with, and we had a bunch of classes together.
	My first class on the second day was astronomy, which was the elective I took that excited me most. We started a debate about space exploration and how it would advance in future years. Debates are one of the few times when I voice my opinion freely, so I was one of the leaders in the debate. It had reached a point where two sides were making great points, and I thought for sure there was no way I’d be swayed in my decision. Wrong. This girl, we’ll call her Elizabeth, countered my points and really got me thinking. She talked for a whole five minutes, but I only really was paying attention for two. She was absolutely beautiful. I was stunned. Eventually, her debate swayed my opinion and we finally came to a unanimous decision. The teacher said some things at the end of the hour, but all I was thinking of was her.
	After class I talked to her and told her I thought she was brilliant and she blushed and said thanks. Fortunately, we had the next hour class together, and stuck together for the class. We saw each other again at lunch, and she introduced me to her social group, which for a bit of a geeky girl, I’m surprised was the popular crowd. I met the other girls, and although I admit they were hot, they were nothing like she was. I had only known her for a few hours, but she was kind to everyone we saw, friendly, intelligent, funny, and just had a way of lighting people up. I didn’t fit in with them, and after a few days of hanging around them went back to the friends I made on the first day, most of which are still my friends today. 
	I had the attitude of a guy with a crush, and my friends knew I was into her. A lot of people were. She and I got to be better and better friends, and eventually she invited me over with a few other friends after school. We went out to the beach by her house and swam, watched strange foreign films, and baked a cake together and devoured it. The other two that had been with us had to leave after a few hours. I thought the night was already perfect and I had had more fun spending time with anyone than possible, but it was just the start of the night.
	If you’re expecting something sexual in this paragraph, get ready to be disappointed. Over the next few hours we watched Netflix and just had a good time. Eventually, we started talking about deep things and I really just spilled my guts about everything I’ve ever regretted doing or what has hurt me. She told me the same about herself. We just felt so comfortable with each other. Sure as a guy most of us scoff when girls say that, but you know if you open up it is true. She trusted me and I trusted her. I thought she was into me. She nestled against me until I had to leave, and when I did, had a look in her eyes that said, “Please don’t go.” That was the last thing I wanted to do. I was so happy still when I got home, and my family could tell I had way too positive of an atmosphere on me. I didn’t care. I couldn’t stop thinking about her and texted her all night. That was the highlight of my freshmen year.
	Over the course of a few years we had become best friends. I didn’t know if she was interested in me much or not. Well, at least I didn’t know if she was a lot or just a little bit. After considering it and spending hours practicing like a chump in the mirror, I worked up the nerve to ask her out. I had it all planned out: I’d talk to her after first hour and hold her hands in mine, sit down with her, look her in the eyes, and ask if she liked me more than a friend. Confidently in myself but not cocky, I’d ask if she’d be my girlfriend and would be interested in heading down to a fancy Italian restaurant with me. It went nothing as planned.
	The ten minute period between classes finally came and I was incredibly nervous, even after planning to do it for weeks. I walked with her and told her to walk with me into the courtyard, and I had something to tell her. We made small talk, and like always, she laughed at my dumb jokes. We sat down and I did exactly as had planned trying to create a moment for her to remember. I popped the question. She got up, smiled, and walked away. 
	I didn’t know what to think but I wasn’t defeated yet. We still sat together second hour but it was a little awkward being together. The hour took forever. I thought of what to say or to do to try and end the uncomfortable position I had put her and myself into. I zoned out the entire class. At some point I was told about an assignment, I didn’t know what. Frankly I didn’t give a shit. The clock hand was being stubborn and moved slower and slower. My anxiety for class to be over swelled inside of me and I finally had a plan. Then the bell rang.
	I tried walking with her, but she made it clear she wouldn’t be walking with me when she made her way to the other side of the hall when we heading to our lockers. She didn’t once look at me the whole way down.
	I waited for her at her locker. She took a detour to avoid me, and I knew I wasn’t giving her the space she wanted, so I tried to look solemn and passive as I waited. She snuck off from the rest of the crowd and came over to her locker, making sure not to notice me. I told her I knew she just wanted to be friends and I’d try not to make anything weird between us again. She told me to fuck off.
	I had honestly never heard her swear. I knew she had no kind of commitment to anyone that I was messing with. I knew she hadn’t just friendzoned me. I knew she wasn’t on her period (yes this creepy, and yes, this is true). 
	We didn’t talk for weeks. I told my friends what had happened and they comforted me. One even had a big sleepover and we played Call of Duty until our eyes almost boiled. It was fun, but I still couldn’t get her off of my mind. They could tell every time I looked off into space what I was doing and would call me over to grab some food with them or whatever they could to distract me. They were great friends. Don’t ever forget who your friends are and what they’ll get you through. You’ll need them just as much as they’ll need you. Thanks to events I’ll get to later, I lost most of them.
	It had been weeks without her, and she randomly came up and flung herself into my arms. Literally. She said she missed me, but still didn’t explain why she rejected me. I was too busy being elated about getting her back as my friend that I didn’t even bother to ask why, and didn’t question it for quite some time. We started hanging out again, and everything seemed to return to normal, but it was still at the back of my mind. My friends were relieved when I told them.
	I finally asked her why. I didn’t feel like it would be something I should do in person. I asked her over text. Maybe that was a regrettable idea, but I did it anyway. 
	It was late at night and we had been texting for hours, like we often did. Neither of us slept much at night, and usually just stayed up listening to music. We liked a lot of the same music: Nirvana, AWOLNATION, Bloodhound Gang, Tenacious D, Macklemore, Watsky, and she liked pop quite a bit. Maybe it was the way I asked that was so blunt, maybe it was the mood it spoiled, but she didn’t text back for hours. When she replied, it was a simple “I’m just not interested in having a relationship with you, and we’re not really meant for each other that much.” No sentence has ever really hurt me like that one, not “I hate you,” or “Go kill yourself.” And yes, she has said both of those things to me.
	I looked into it with everyone. I creeped on her. She wasn’t seeing anyone, and I wouldn’t have been mad if she was, but I was curious, hurt, but curious. Nothing turned up. Just to be around her still, I pretended like nothing was wrong at all. But I knew I couldn’t take it. It was too much. My grades spiraled from straight A’s to B’s and C’s. My teachers were getting concerned. My parents didn’t care that much, and I guess that has only ever really bothered me in retrospect. They asked if anything was wrong but I just ignored them. They talked about grounding me and getting me a tutor for my dropping grades. They were just angry.
	So my family is a cluster-fuck of assholes, what I want most in the world seemscouldnt care less about me, but you know who was there again? My friends. But I fucked up a few times.
	I blew them off when they were trying to cheer me up. I ignored them when I was angry and didn’t tell them why. I left them out of my personal life. I lost a few of them in some fights, but most of them tolerated me and tried to see me smile again.
	It seemed like I was recovering, and even went to a party at the beginning of the school year with my friends. We were finally seniors. We went and it was great, but we’re not real ladies’ guys or anything so we didn’t have much fun with that. And then I saw Elizabeth there. I asked her for a dance, and we did. It was fun even. She even said yes when I asked her to slow dance. I knew I loved Elizabeth. The night had been going great. 
	Had. Then we drifted off for a while, and she said she’d find me when the next slow song came on. I was pumped for it. I was getting hot and sweaty being inside of the gymnasium with so many people, so I went out for some air. It was a nice cool night with a good breeze. There was nobody outside the gym, so I sat on the bench and took in the night air. It was beautiful with the moon out, and the flowers on the cherry trees were in bloom. I could hear some noise coming from out behind another building, even over the music. Curiosity always gets the best of me, so I went back to check it out. 
	It was like a movie. I saw Elizabeth giving some guy from another school a blowjob. I recognized him from Lacrosse, which I’ve played for years. He’s a meathead. He’s not attractive. He treats women horribly. She wouldn’t go on a date with a nice guy who treats her perfectly and loves her, who shares everything in common. I couldn’t think straight.
	Slow motion. I ran to the front of the gym. I almost vomited. I felt sick and nothing was computing. I didn’t know what was wrong with me. I hated myself. I hated the jock. I hated and loved Elizabeth. I ran home. I cried the whole way like a bitch. A few cars slowed as I ran, but no one cared enough. I didn’t care about other people. I cared about Elizabeth. I got home with nobody there. I stormed up to my room. I set shit on fire. I broke shit. I was devastated. I cried until I couldn’t cry anymore. I passed out asleep.
	I awoke to my parents screaming at me. I screamed back louder and barricaded my door. I fell asleep again. 
	I didn’t go to school for a week and had one of my friends be my mule for homework. All of my friends were fed up with me. They told me to act normal. A few tried to get me to go to counseling. I told them to fuck themselves. No one really knew what was wrong. It was my fault they left.
	I got into drugs. First I started smoking weed and drinking some. It gradually escalated. The high I was getting wasn’t enough anymore. PCP, cocaine, meth, and heavy drinking started doing what I needed. I dropped out of sports and clubs. I didn’t have time anymore. I started stealing and doing anything for money to buy more drugs. I had no one. No family, no parents, no friends. More importantly, I didn’t have Elizabeth. 
	My existence won’t bother her anymore. Don’t fuck up like I did. I wish I could take everything back. My life means nothing anymore. I have let down so many people, but so many people supported me. I blame her. Tonight, I might finish it all, but I want people to know my story. Maybe I’ll even recover. I need serious help.
	