My post some how got on to My Facebook......I had written on here about how i put my self in harms way hopping to die. Being extremely reckless. I had coppied the post to save somewhere else. Well i ended up pocket sharing it on Facebook. I found out 10 min after but by then the damage had been done. My SO who i talked about somewhat contributing to my actions of hoping to die saw it...... A couple other people did too but i did some damage control with them saying i was hacked....

The problem here now is that my SO thinks it was all cause of them, now i don't want her to treat me differently. I don't want her to think i'm fragile (even though i am). I feel like i have now become a big burden to her, that she might be thinking if she leaves me that i will do it again and she would have to live with it. That she is stuck with me. Or that it may drive her away, making her scared of getting attached (we have only been dating for two months). 

I can't stand the feeling of being a burden. I feel like she is treating me differently..... It was ment to be anonymous. I'm an emotional mess and it only made things worse. I don't want to get help because that just validated my insecurity of being burden even more. 

The problem is she has lived a relatively good life and i know her well enough she doesn't have any major mental health issues nor does she have experience with such. So i don't feel comfortable opening up to her about my thoughts of suicide in the fear that she won't understand. Which makes her mad that i don't trust her enough to open up. I don't want to load her up with the burden of my mental health that i have struggled with my whole life. 

I have always thought about suicide. The escape no longer suffering. When i walk down the street i think what if i jump in front of this car or leap off this bridge. I have never really made an attempt until the night i wrote the post that she found. Since i was ten iv always seen it as a way out. 

The point is i don't know what to do. I don't want to scare her off and leave me over it. At the same time i don't want her to treat me differently and be afraid to leave me because of it. 
