Anyone else deal with people with a Jesus complex?Not necessarily religious types (though I get plenty of DMs copying and pasting a bible quote without context as if that’s gonna motivate me. Pro tip to any of y’all: I’m not afraid of hell because I’m already living there)

I’m talking more about people, most likely narcissists, who believe themselves to be uniquely capable of curing your depression and absolutely blow a gasket the minute they discover that depression and suicidal ideation are, in fact, incurable. They always think they’re the first to make their inane suggestions and they always think they’re geniuses but that affectation of giving a shit always turns to anger the minute they discover they can’t do shit about any of this. I suspect they go from person to person doing this and that it gives them a total hard on and at this point I only respond because it’s gotten perversely entertaining to watch people be so predictable.

Like what kind of emptiness you must feel in order to try and be someone’s personal guru? I think that they all saw the scene in *Good Will Hunting* where Matt Damon is cured after one therapy session and one cry and thought it was an accurate representation. But I know there’s got to be hundreds of these types because whenever I post here, a horde of them slide into my DMs, all convinced that they’re a genius for telling me to stop eating gluten or to try whatever homeopathic remedy they’ve stuck their dicks in this week. 

Exercise doesn’t work (though you should exercise in general), tea tree oil doesn’t work, Jordan Peterson definitely doesn’t work unless you want to never have sex again, none of your snake oil salesmen work. Just because someone suckered you out of money because you’re a vacuous empty mess doesn’t mean you need to fixate on people like me who have figured out the true nature of the universe. And it doesn’t make you a genius if you figured it out, it just means that death is the most beautiful thing in all of existence and without distractions, it becomes painfully obvious. You don’t gotta do it yourself, but you sure as hell cant talk me out of it once I decide to go