OMG! Make It Stop!I'm 38, and not feeling too great.  I should start by saying that I'm not looking for a pep talk or a recommendation on a therapist.  I am looking to remove a thought in my head.  On more than one occasion, I've thought of ending it all.  I have no intention of doing this, but it's there WAY too often.  I think it may stem from my station in life.  


All of my friends are married with children.  I try not to live by comparison, but my last serious relationship was half a lifetime ago.  The last time I got laid via normal dating I was ten years ago.  When I was younger, it wasn't this difficult.  Now, I'm socially disabled.  I'm not even dating these days.  It got so bad that about 8 years ago that I gave up on trying to date.  One can get rejected or ghosted so many times in a row, right?  About 6 years ago, I started seeing "pros."  I feel like it was at this point my self esteem went right in the gutter.  Paying for it makes me feel like garbage when I just need some kind of companionship.  Even the pros are sometimes treating me like crap.  I'm treated like I'm an inconvenience to them sometimes.  I understand to an extent.  It's their profession and I'm just another buck.  


I don't make as much money as I'd like to, but I make ok money.  I'm behind on my retirement funds and I worry about it sometimes.  I won't give numbers or ranges.  It's not the pros as I don't see them often.  I figure I'd be back on track if I overcommitted for three or four years.  I'm trying my best, but it feels like I'm never going to get ahead.  I don't own a home, but that may change in 2021.  I drive a twenty year old beater.  It'll eventually fail on me.  I need to get ahead and I just don't know the right approach to that.  It bothers me.  


My health has gotten bad.  I've gained about 100lbs.  I take tons of depression naps when I can because it's a good escape.  I don't dream much anymore.  However, recently, I've had those bad thoughts creep into the few dreams I have.  How I'd do it.  Where I'd do it.  How satisfying it might be not to have to feel anxious or depressed so often.  Part of this is probably pandemic related, because I don't go anywhere I don't have to go for the most part.  


Does anyone have any tips/techniques on getting these thoughts out of my head?  I want it to stop as soon as possible.  I can't see a therapist.  Just know that I can't and trust me on that.  I also can't take meds either.  I think a little more exercise may help with some things (anxiety/depression).  I just want a satisfying life and not one of a loser.