I'm not really even sure what I'm doing here.Hey, r/SW. First of all I would just like to say that I think what you do here is very noble. If you have the time, I would like to tell you my story.

I've always thought of myself as a sort of late bloomer. Growing up in high school, I never had a girlfriend. I always attributed this to my hopeless romanticism. I would become infatuated with one girl for a long time. Every time, apparently, this was a girl out of my league who I could never have. I never even kissed a girl until right after graduating high school.

Out of high school, I got into UCLA. During my senior year, though, I was lazy as shit and got a D in Econ. Because of this, UCLA revoked my admission and I had to appeal to the office of admissions to get back in. I did, with the help of the rowing coach who had recruited me. One week into rowing at UCLA and one day after moving in to my dorm, I heard that one of my good friends from high school had committed suicide. A week later I quit rowing. I spent the next two years drinking and smoking a lot of pot. I dabbled in acid, which I don't blame for anything, but I think it's still somewhat relevant. I hardly ever went to class. I got put on academic probation and had to withdraw from two quarters.

During my sophomore year, I met a girl who I thought I fell in love with. She went to school in my home town. I spent a lot of time there because I was in and out of court for a drug conviction. She was going to graduate that year and move back to her home town and I was living a ways away, so after one date we never really went anywhere. To this day I have not met a girl who I have had as strong feelings for. I told her this in a psuedo-love-letter about a year back, but she never responded.

Anyway, after two years at UCLA and damn near flunking out, I decided I should go back to community college and get back into rowing. For a year and a half I was taking easy classes and getting back into the sport. I got my GPA up and I was doing better at rowing than I was in high school. A lot of different schools wanted to recruit me. Eventually, I got recruited to one of the top schools for rowing in the country. Even though I only transferred halfway through the year, I managed to make the varsity boat by nationals. This was last year.

I should probably mention, though, that because I transferred here after 3 and a half years, the NCAA imposed some rules on me that restricted my major options to either American Studies or Social Welfare if I wanted to be eligible to row. I went with American Studies. I fucking hate having to explain it to people.

So, this year is my last year I can row. To be honest, though, it's starting to drive me crazy. On top of that, I'm working on this bullshit major, and I may very well fail one of my classes this semester, which would make me ineligible for the last semester I can possibly row collegiately.

I met a girl who transferred here this semester, who I feel like I've connected with pretty well. After hanging out for a while, we finally started hooking up. The first time she spent the night at my place, she put on the Velvet Underground while we were making out, which I though was fucking magical. But anyway, she is a coxswain on our rowing team, and apparently she's been hooking up with other guys on the team, and everyone else has been giving me shit for still feeling some sort of emotional connection with her.

A few weeks ago, she showed up to a party as I was making out with some other girl (I didn't think she was coming, and to be fair we weren't dating or anything like that). Later that night, she left with one of our mutual acquaintances and I felt like total dog shit for several days after that. A few days later, though, it was like nothing had ever happened. I just heard last week that she's been hooking up with some other guy that she's been "pregaming" with before coming to hang out with me. Of course I heard about this while she was over at this guy's apartment. I got drunk that night and sent her a text telling her to "stop wasting my time" and that I didn't want to be her "sloppy seconds at 2am." We talked about it the next day, but when we were both sober it seemed like we were too sober to actually tackle the confrontational issues. We both ended up just agreeing that we don't want to be in a relationship right now. I think her view of my attraction to her was blown a little out of proportion. I don't think I ever hinted at wanting to be in a relationship. In an ideal world, where our time wasn't so consumed by school and rowing, I would love to date her and see where it goes, but it just seems like too much right now and we both know it (I should probably be posting this shit in r/RelationshipAdvice). Basically, for now I just want to keep a sort of intimate friendship, but we keep messing even that up.

In the last few weeks, I've had pretty strong feelings of self-mutilation. These feelings aren't necessarily new, but certainly stronger than ever. I think it's a combination of feeling like my athletic, educational, and romantic pursuits are all just futile. I keep getting urges to cut my legs. I keep imagining cutting really deep into my thighs. These seem, though, like thoughts that I could never put into action. The other night I took a pair of scissors to my face, however, they were pretty dull. I now have a pretty weak scratch going down the side of my face, but it makes a pretty obvious red line. No one has brought it up though. I few people have asked me if I'm "feeling alright?" or something to that effect, but that may just be because of the depressed demeanor I generally wear on my face.

I've been having thoughts of suicide, but nothing much more than thoughts. I'm an atheist, so the idea of dying seems more frightening than the prospect of living a shit life. I think I'd be too scared to actually kill myself, but I keep feeling these urges to harm myself. It's almost like I want to be dead without having to experience dying, or maybe vice versa. I don't feel like I'm in major danger of ending my own life, so maybe this is pointless, but sometimes I worry I'll get drunk and something will get me down and my judgment will be impaired enough that I'll open up my wrists without thoroughly comprehending the consequences.

I really don't know where I'm heading with this. Maybe it's just an anonymous cry for help, or even just an anonymous plea for attention, but I just always figured r/SuicideWatch would be there for me if I ever needed them and I felt like it was time to reach out to somebody. So, if you read this far, thank you. I'm sure I left out 90% of what I wanted to say, but if you want to ask anything just ask, or if I think of anything else I'll just add it on. Thank you.

EDIT: I don't really feel like I have any desire to commit suicide today or tomorrow, but when I try to imagine a future for myself, I just feel like I'm too damaged to make it into actual adulthood. I feel like right now I'm young and still capable of enjoying myself, even when I'm fucking up, but I feel like at some point before I make it to 30, I'm going to smash into a wall I can't climb over, and that's going to be it for me. I feel like a combination of mild social anxiety, depression, and emotional and/or psychological damage is going to keep me from ever having a normal life, and someday I'm going to have to check out early.