it’s the little thingsit’s the little things that push me over the edge. maybe just by itself it seems silly to cry over and to fully breakdown on the brink of suicide but those little things add up. and then every so often i just break. and when those little things keep adding on when i breakdown even spilling a cup of water has me sobbing on my bed wondering what’s the fucking point? i’m sick of living my life. i’m sick of everything going wrong and i’m sick of not being loved and cared for.  sometimes i just want to kill myself to escape. i want to runaway but i know it’s not a smart idea. i have to live where i’m constantly verbally and emotionally abused, manipulated daily for three more years. it gets worse and worse every day. i can’t imagine what it’ll be like in a year and i don’t want to have to. the only thing stopping me is my only friend, and my pets. i don’t want to leave the only person that cares for me, but when you have a fuck ton of people who don’t give a fuck about you and abuse you, that one person might not be enough. i don’t want to leave my pets in the hands of my parents, god knows what my parents would do to them if i wasn’t there. this is all just a big jumbled rant post but i’m so fucking done. i’m emotionally and physically drained. it’s hard getting out of bed and being productive knowing that every little move i make will be criticized. my only friend doesn’t really take anything serious. i think she’s just so innocent she wants to brush everything off like it’s not a big deal. i’ve vented to her once and she just went “umm. oh sorry.” and then talked about herself. i know she cares for me but it hurts not having someone to actually talk to about things. anyways. i’m kind of done and honestly the only way out i can see right now is killing myself. i say that every post i make, and it’s embarrassing looking back on my old posts saying that i was going to kill myself but i never did. i don’t even know why i’m making this post but it feels nice to just get it out because nobody i know actually gives a fuck about me and probably wouldn’t give a fuck if i died.