If I were being completely rational I'd probably do it.I only have one reason left to live, my daughter. I don't want her to go through life saddled with the burden of her father abandoning her. I also don't want her to go through life saddled with the burden of having a father who is a broken shell of a man. I have seen therapists, I even was trained as a "peer helper" (basically student suicide prevention) in high school, i know all the things people are supposed to say, and all the things I'm supposed to think. Nothing helps. The truth is that my life is an epic failure. I am extremely talented and creative but have been unable to turn that into a living. I have been given every opportunity, including attending the second most prestigious music college in the country, but made nothing of it. I am still madly in love with my wife. She is beautiful and smart and caring but hasn't been in love with me for a long time, and last night she confirmed that it's been years since she's desired physical intimacy with me and would prefer it if we just didn't anymore.  My whole life I have felt that a day job is worse than death. I have failed at every job I've tried.  I have enough college credits for a masters degree, but they are all random and don't even add up to an associate. I sold my car, my most prized possession, in order to pay the rent for a few more months. I have possibly the greatest kid in the world, my daughter who is 3, but i feel our bond breaking as the darkness creeps in. If i were to describe my situation in third person to anyone I know they would say "wow, that dude is a worthless piece of shit, she should leave him and find someone better" and they'd be right. I keep thinking maybe I should check myself in somewhere, but besides the fact that I don't know if that's even a real thing for someone in my financial situation, nothing would change while I'm there. My problems aren't imaginary things that can be talked or medicated away. I would still be unemployed and unemployable, my wife would probably be even more distant but also never feel at ease again, my daughter would feel abandoned. Plus it's the holidays and that would ruin their Christmas. I want to want to be alive so fucking bad. I don't think I have for a year, maybe two. 