One Panic Attack AwayI'm not usually one to seek out help, especially from external sources but my hopes are starting to run bleak. I need someone to talk to and this is the last place I'd rather ask (no offense, I know there are some beautiful souls on here that could probably help me). Before I start on how i'm feeling now let me sum up my past as I believe it may be important, mom passed away when I was 9 &amp; dad kicked me out of the house as soon as I graduated for smoking weed twice.  I was in the most important relationship of my life to date at the time, I was in love with this girl, but slowly after moving it started to affect my mental health. I started to experience intense anxiety and depression for the first time, and in turn this started to affect our relationship which made my mental health come to fruition. This eventually tore us apart. I was probably too invested in this girl, but I always like to think I became so invested because of the situation with my mom. I needed a mother figure and she was the only one that held me down. subconsciously I BELIEVE (don't know for sure) this affected me a lot for that reason. anywho, after the break up that was the final straw. I broke down, went to drugs, got addicted, &amp; attempted suicide. Since then i've been a shell of my old self not wanting to live nor die, with constant anxiety looming over my head. 21 now, been to the doc, psychiatrist, therapist but most of it was a waste besides being able to separate myself from the drugs (still clean too). Being numb so long is actually making me suicidal again, I've had non stop thoughts about ending my life for the past 2 months and haven't had a suicidal thought since I tried killing myself after the breakup which was roughly 3 years ago . I just haven't had fun with life in the past couple years, and that's literally all I want is to be happy sometimes. I'm tired of feeling this way everyday, I've been telling myself shit will get better but it's been getting worse. Day by day I've been getting worse and don't want to end up an addict or attempting to kill myself again. Sorry for this being so cluttered, I just kinda came up with the words as to how I was feeling on the spot, I forgot to include I have been living with my grandparents ever since I was kicked out, they just aren't the best with advice and don't know what to do with my situation though they are the only people I really trust. please if anyone has any advice i'm open to anything. Thank you to anyone who took time to read this big ass paragraph.