It's been a very long 10 years...I'm a 22 year old female, and I was diagnosed with clinical depression at a (seemingly) young age. I've been to doctors, psychologist, counselors, psychiatrists, and therapists. I've been on 5 different medications for depression, 2 different medications for anxiety, and 3 different medications for insomnia since I was 12. I suffer from depression, anxiety, insomnia, borderline personality disorder, post traumatic stress disorder.
I've been called selfish, manipulative, beyond help, a brat, and pointless - by doctors and psychiatrists.
My mother once told me that if it weren't for my little sister having a learning disorder, she would've ended her life.
I sat in the car with my father before and had to listen to him talk about how, if he had a gun, he would've killed my mother.
I cause a family crisis, 4 years ago, of which my siblings and I had to stay home from school and have an emergency meeting with my counselor/therapist at the time - all because I asked my father for help in buying a car (he had bought my brother one) and he went on a rampage against the family.
My family won't help my mother, who's gas and electricity gets turned off every summer because my father won't help her pay bills while he lives in her basement.

I'm supposed to be getting married after I turn 23, and I think to myself everyday "does he want to be with me really? or is he settling because he's afraid he won't find someone else?" We both cheated on each other, which usually puts a red flag up to anyone who knows. I've been told my many people "maybe you two shouldn't get married?" But the problem is, I may have cheated on him, but it was purely physical. I am in no way interested in being with another man emotionally. I am not interested in other men that I meet, whether they're my age, older, or younger. I don't want to be with anyone else for the rest of my life but him...
But I ask myself, as I said, "does he really want to be with me?"
I can't help but think he doesn't. I was his first "real" girlfriend and he was my first "real" boyfriend. We've been together for 6 years. He know's everything that is wrong with me, medically speaking.
But I don't feel wanted from him anymore.
He tells me he wants to talk to the girl he slept with... 
He wants me to go out with friends (which is a whole other story)
I'm not allowed to talk to my best friend of the last 6 years because he's the one I "cheated" on my fiance with years ago.
My best friend, who i asked to be my Maid of Honor, doesn't talk to me unless she wants me to do her hair (we met in Cosmetology school).
The only friend I had from work no longer talks to me after transfering to a different store.
That guy that was my best friend for the past 6 years, that I'm now allowed to talk to? He has made no effort to contact me what-so-ever. Then I remember him saying, about 4 years ago that to him "everyone is replaceable". Therefore, I assume I've been replaced.

I can't afford a cell phone, I can't afford car insurance, I can't afford food to keep in my apartment, I can't afford clothes, and I can't afford to pay my student loans.

I have high blood pressure, and am borderline diabetic.

I feel like I can't have children due to Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome and the fact that I'm 22 and have never been to an OBGYN due to sexual assault when I was 12.

I feel like I'm living a pointless life.
I'm never going to be a mother.
I'm don't want to go old alone.
My own mother and father forget I'm around.
My brother wouldn't be phased if I was around or not.
My fiance would be financially stable whether I was around or not. He'd be free to talk to whoever he wants. He'd get my car to drive. He'd have an apartment and he has friends who could help him through anything. He has friends...

TL:DR I have suffered with suicidal thoughts for the past 10 years, have had the talk about my passing with my fiance, and know that my family probably wouldn't know I'm gone without being told. I feel that my life is pointless, and worthless. I feel that I deserve the pain I get dealt with...but my patience in running out. I have no friends (I wish I was exagerating) and my fiance would be financially stable with or without me here. I told a friend I was suicidal last year and she just stood there and stared at me.
I'm just about to give up on trying to be someone, on trying to have friends, on life.