It doesn't get better.People will tell you that it does. But they have no idea. How could they? What they say is "It gets better," but what they mean is "Stop talking about how unhappy you are." Because they're not unhappy. They're fine. And your problems are not their problems. Laugh, and the world laughs with you. Weep, and you weep alone.

I've learned a few things in the course of being alive for what feels like forever, but has only been thirty years. The most surprising thing? It always gets worse.

It ALWAYS gets worse. No matter how miserable you are right now, there will come a time when you will look back on this as if your problems were nothing. You'll have the same problems, plus more. You'll be even less attractive, you'll have even fewer friends. You still won't have any accomplishments but it will get harder and harder to convince yourself that you ever will. Life gets worse and worse, and all the time there is less and less of it to look forward to. 

You know that thing where you go to a party you have no interest in going to, just because there's a chance you might miss something great? And you go, and it's awful, because of course it is. But you go to the next one, and the next one, because you're afraid of missing out. You know what I'm talking about? 

That feeling is what keeps you alive. You know, in your heart you know, that nothing good is going to happen. But you keep on going to the party, because keeping that fragile hope alive is your last, desperate defense against despair. And you're so afraid to despair. So afraid to die.

Ten years ago people kept breaking up with me, five years ago people stopped going out with me in the first place, now I've been alone for years and years. Sometimes I wonder whether I remember what it's actually like to kiss someone.

Ten years ago I didn't like the friends I had, five years ago I only had a couple, now I don't have any. I don't really remember how to talk to people.

And all the while, time is passing. The world and its possibilities are getting smaller and smaller, narrowing to a pinpoint, a fixed, final destination. I can die now, or I can die later. But I will die, and I will have lived for nothing. 

Nobody ever wanted me to be here. For thirty years I have struggled and suffered and nobody has ever given a shit. To myself I am the world, but to the world I am nobody and nothing. There are no pills, there is no treatment, to cure the illness of being who I am.

I tried.