Feeling alone, its late and I have nobody to talk to.  Wrote everything down but its in parts.Look, I don't even know if this is the right place to be posting this.  I just wanted to air these feelings out.  Whenever I get this feeling I start writing out my thoughts until the process seems kind of pathetic.  I put my thoughts on post-it notes and stick them on my wall and just kind of sit there and let the feelings wash over me. 

But today I decided to use reddit.

Let's see whats on the wall today:
I am a hypothetical
I am an escape
I am revenge
I am the nostalgic connection
I am a murderer
I am not attractive
I am the result of wishful thinking
I am the test-run
I am the emotional garbage man
I am a douchebag

For anyone reading this I'm sure the "I am a murderer" one stuck out so I guess I'll clear the air on that one first.  I recently gave my dog up to a shelter.  

Growing up I have always been around dogs, so when I got to college I think I kind of missed that.  The summer before last I started to get a feeling more and more like I should get a dog.  Probably because my house burned down with my two dogs inside.  Well, late October I actually went through with it.  I got a 5 month old chihuahua/dachshund mix from a local shelter.  He was awesome.  Extremely smart, I could teach him a new trick in about ten minutes once I established a connection with him (which didn't take long).  He was a high energy pup and adorable.  I would take him to the dog park and he would always get a ton of attention.  Always the most popular dog there.  However, the responsibility of having a dog quickly made things more difficult than I would like.  My roommates quickly let me know that they were not supportive of my decision.  The apartment building that I live in is also owned by the university and therefore does not allow pets.  I had to put him in his crate and wrap it up in a bed sheet whenever I wanted to get him in and out of the building.

Things became easier when a friend of mine let me keep him at her place on my busier days.  Things seemed good for a while, and when times were tough I just reminded myself that I am graduating this semester and I only needed to stick it out for about two more months and we'd be able to live together without all the secrecy.  Then he started to get out of his crate.....

The thing about my friends place?  He is being stashed in an empty room.  A room that belongs to my ex-girlfriend.  You see, my female friend who has been helping me out is really good friends with an ex of mine.  Not even an ex-girlfriend but an ex-fling.  I seem to have a lot of those....

So anyway my ex-fling does not know that he is being stashed there.  So he gets out and trashes her room.  The first time that this happens my female friend is furious.  She can't explain that she let an ex fling stash a dog in her room without her knowing.  However we chalk it up to a "Oh I guess I didn't close it right" sort of deal and we try to stick it out.

There are a lot of nuances of shittiness that make the next break out all the more terrible but I don't feel like going into the back story.  Basically he gets out, destroys some more stuff (this time the items includes some very expensive priceless gifts from her parents)  and my female friend is calling me crying.  So I drive there and in the moment we decide to take him to a shelter.  I am the one who takes him and it kills me inside.  They are a high intake shelter and the reserve the right to kill to dog on the spot and refuse to notify you if they do so.  Basically if you don't see the dog on the front page of the shelter's website, you know he didn't make it....

I turned him in Friday........he's not on the adoption page.....

I just feel like such an asshole.  The dog obviously needed a better setting but I couldn't find it for him.  I kept telling myself that I was going to find a family for him instead of send him to the shelter but at that moment...I don't know it seemed like I had no way of caring for him.  Now he is probably dead....

I can't stop watching that last clip from the dog episode of futurama.  I'm sure you know the one.
