What's the point of being alive through all of this suffering?I feel depressed and emotionally detached one hundred percent of the time. I try to think about how I could improve my life, but I don't feel happy or motivated to do anything. Doing menial everyday work is tolerable until I hit this emotional bomb where just looking at a piece of trash that needs to be disposed of, seeing that there is this little bit of work that will never end, just makes me have a mental breakdown.

I feel constantly disconnected and 
I struggle everyday to stay alert and present, but obviously it is not possible for me to maintain a present and connectee kind.

How am I supposed to find happiness? There is still nothing I could do and nothing I could have that could make all of the trouble in life worthwhile. What is the point of struggling to keep myself physically alive? Seems like all life is is trying to provide  oneself with food and shelter so they don't die. I don't know. I guess I find it harder than most to get these things. And I don't know. I feel empty. I just feel fucking empty man. I feel constantly hazy. I don't have any money. I don't want to go into medical debt. I just don't know what to fucking do. 

Why do I have to feel like a fucking case study? It's infuriating. I am completely fucked up. My brain is completely, physically fucked up, and I don't understand how I can go on anymore. I don't understand how my life can ever feel like it was worth it. 

I'm just going to die having never lived and IT WASN'T MY FUCKING CHOICE. 

There's no help out there. I already tried therapy and it was uncomfortable ever minute. I couldn't even look the therapist in the eye. I didn't want to. And I didn't want to talk to anyone about my fucking problems. I still don't. There is no point in talking about it anyways. It just pisses me off. I can get a recommendation for an auto mechanic from someone, but they cannot help my brain. I am helpless and hopeless. I think it's cruel that I have to die this way. 

But there is no light at the end of the tunnel. There will never be a period of my life where I am happy and feel connected to the people in my life. I will never have happiness. I will never have joy. I just want to drink.