Gonna kill myself very very soon. I've really tried all these years but this is the tipping pointI joined this school with high hopes. hopes that i will do well, nothing will go wrong, it'll all be fine. at the time i just thought i had anxiety and it will be gone by the end of the year. fuck i was wrong.

by year 8 i knew i had very bad depression. i already had thoughts of killing myself but no one took it seriously. probably because of my age no one will take this shit seriously to be honest. people thought i was just doing it for attention. i fucking hate those people now.

and now, at year 9, planning my GCSE's and plans of going good. all went to shit. i don't feel anything anymore. no happiness, no love for anything, nothing. when i feel sad about anything and cry everyone, even down to my parents, just brush it off and even just laugh. the only things i have slight attachments to people think are funny and weird. i wish i didn't care.

I've tried to get help at school. i say homework drains my energy and happiness away from me. what do they do? give me more homework. they only have a protocol. they don't bring the students thoughts to mind. just follow the protocol and they will hopefully be fine.

i hope my suicide might change the way the school acts. in my suicide note i mentioned about changing the school rules to something that benefits the students and not the fucking greedy teachers.

people say a 13 year old has a future. i don't i know that. my future is being a piece of shit to everyone. everything i try to do to help goes to shit and eventually makes everyone's day worse. those little things add up to the big shit hole that is my life.

i wish that i could've followed my dream of just feeling happiness. i can't. teachers force us to act like sheeple all the time and if we don't they torture you pshycologically by giving you more homework and keeping you in after school. this place has gone to shit. i feel this is the best for everyone.

this is the part where i say goodbye. goodbye to my parents. i thought i could've done better. i couldn't. I'm sorry I'm such a disappointment. I'm sorry. i know you tried.

goodbye to all my friends. if you see this, do something against the school. start a protest or something. make a change. just know I'll be with you.

bye to my microbit. I'm sorry i didn't use you enough. i hope you will find someone that will use you well.

goodbye foxy, my little plushie fox. I'm so sorry i didn't spend enough time with you. i see you everyday, i hope that was enough.

i know this was similar to the top post, but please don't pass it off as that. this is just how i structured it.


i just want someone, something to help. i am calling out to any one of you for any kind of help. i wish i could've had a future.