I have never felt like I truly belong hereHello. 

I’ve been dealing with severe depression and anxiety for 11/12 years. Maybe longer. I didn’t start to seek help until 8-9 years into it. Recently (within the past few months) I was diagnosed schizoaffective. My initial reaction was “shock” and I cried to a close friend of mine about it. I put shock in quotation because I don’t feel that those emotions truly belonged to me. I don’t feel human. I never have felt human. I think different. Talk different. Look different. I feel like an alien in my own skin most days. It’s a sick, crawly feeling I get when I try to put too much thought into it. Maybe it’s part of the depression/ anxiety or maybe that’s just the new diagnosis. All I know is that I’m alone. No matter how many people tell me otherwise. The people I’ve had near and dear have always been as inconsistent as the next. I’ve tried building close “best friend” bonds. In my relationships I’ve tried being that “perfect” significant other. It never happens the way I believe relationships with other humans should. I see people interacting differently with one another. I’m always the odd on out. Always. As far back as me being the kid on the playground no one wanted to play with. Up until now when I’m the last choice friend for when someone is depressed. None of my “friends” give me the support I need and it’s left me feeling like I need too much. That maybe it’s just me. I’ve heavily considered killing myself this morning. Just to see the other side of things. I like to believe that it’s different. Better. Most days. Other days I imagine it being a dark void. Something that will still feel better than this emptiness I feel inside. I don’t want to be here. I never have enjoyed life in the ways we should. I’ve definitely tried. I know how to appreciate the little things and be grateful for what I have. I’ve done exciting things that don’t excite me. I’m immune to it all at this point so life is just a drag. If I’m such an outcast. If there’s no where for me to fit in and enjoy this experience. Why am I having it? Why am I here. Obviously, that’s not a question anyone else can answer for me, but it plagues my mind. Day in, day out. Plagues my mind. I am so unsatisfied and I don’t think that will ever end.