I've done something so terrible...My parents died young, my father abused me and killed himself and I heavily smoked weed and cigs for a decade on a poor diet for 8 years. My current self can't believe how I was living. It was complete self-destruction. I never invested in myself until I broke up with my ex 1.5 years ago. I should have done everything differently in hindsight. 

After quitting smoking and becoming extremely healthy with a beach body and so on I looked back at my past and became convinced I'm going to die soon of cancer or something else. I got extreme stress. That stress led to even more depression and anxiety. Combined with my self-hatred I turned into a suicidal mess and started to become crazy. I contacted my ex to tell her I miss her, she wrote a message back about how she has improved a lot, I was the worst dumper ever and it's over and she blocked me.

In some random impulse I made a new account and gave off an extremely suicidal vibe. I said 'fuck improving' and she became angry at that. I started crying about how I'm going to die and how I've ruined everything. She kept blocking me  and to continue talking I kept making new accounts. It's on instagram and I just did it all the time because it takes like 3 seconds and I wanted to continue the conversation while my ex wanted to end it. Didn't even realize I was being annoying or being wrong. 

I didn't defend myself at all. I just hated on myself while my ex joined the party and had ZERO compassion while I was used to her being this 8 year older motherly figure who always supported me. It was extremely unhealthy for me. In the end she was obviously fed up with me and told me 'you didn't change a bit and only went backwards'. I made one more account saying 'but I did change...' Without elaborating though... And that's when she exploded. She wrote such a harsh message aimed at destroying my psyche that I completely lost it for like 5 months now. Her words kept repeating in my head all the time because I already hate myself so much and suffer from rumination. For example she said 'you'll never learn how to live your life' and that became stuck in my head as a negative mantra completely wrecking my mental health. She also told me she would never reply again. Because of her message I was feeling like 'you're a loser and no matter what you try, you'll always remain a loser, you're so inferior to everyone else and you will never amount to anything, just give up and kill yourself'... That's just so bad for someone in my situation and I really wanted her validation. 

I was just so frustrated at myself and her!! I didn't even tell her the full story about all the positive changes I've made and why is she so angry at me? I broke up with her because she was wasting her time on me! It wasn't meant as an attempt to get her back! And I fucking changed so much! So for months I just kept spamming her. Mostly begging her to talk it out, explaining myself, but also insulting her back. I would constantly write messages and delete them again because the insults were repeating in my head at an unbearable rate and I wanted the pain to stop at all costs. It was maddening. It was the worst form of torture anyone can experience to hear that shit repeat in your head 24/7. All my self-esteem and self-respect forever gone because of her words. She never replied to my begging and got rid of her instagram in the end 😓

It went wayyyyyyyyyyy too far what I did. I didn't stop for more than 4 months. My emotions have finally calmed down and now I'm moving from living in pure agony towards being a mature adult again, but I'm still thinking about this all the time. I feel such intense guilt towards my ex for getting her involved in my poor mental health. It's extremely frustrating and it feels like this has ruined my life beyond repair. I'm also terribly afraid of the legal consequences. Hopefully my ex is just glad that I've stopped contacting her for a month now because it's fucking ILLEGAL what I did. She lives on the other side of the world though...

I do know that if this leaks out and the whole world knows it, I'd want to kill myself out of embarrassment and guilt. I'm so scared that this will bite me in the ass 10 years from now too... I'm very worried that my ex is so angry at me that she'll use it to destroy my life... WHAT HAVE I DONE?! I'm having therapy to work on this, but it's so expensive so I can only go once per month :(... I'm so fucked. My random impulsive actions trying to talk with my ex and not respecting her 'no' at my lowest point have backfired so severly. Her words have completely destroyed me and by harassing her via text messages I've made  the situation so much worse... How could this have happened... It was like everything collided to create this situation... I feel so bad about myself... What have I done... Why, why, why, why...