I'm so tired.First off, I don't know why I'm writing this.  It might be because I'm struggling for hope.  I'm pretty sure it's because humans are just fucked up and share powerful feelings with others as a matter of course.  If someone is sad, a combination of empathy and our willingness to broadcast misery will have other people feeling sad and trying to fix the problem in no time.  I'm sorry to be taking advantage of this place.  You all deserve better.

I'm a redditor.  I have been for years.  This puppet account exists only so that I'm left alone.  I've never had anything useful to add to a conversation, despite many attempts.  Nothing witty, nothing popular, nothing that needed to be heard by anyone.  The rest of my online presence has been the same.  I used to surf forums, looking to offer insight.  I don't know what I was thinking.  I'm not clever enough, I'm not smart enough, and everyone else is too stubborn if I were.

How about my real problems?  To be honest, my online life is as important as my "real" life, but more about that later.  My father just died.  I'm only 21.  My mom will be senile soon.  It's her family history, the signs are already showing.  My older brother is going to eat himself to death, but that's comparatively OK.  I think he'll die happy.

I'm a pedophile, a gay one.  Bi in my regular, non-existent sex life (not that my taboo one is any more existent.  I did say pedophile, not pederast).  A boy in my so-called age of attraction lives across the street from me, but I'll never lay so much as a hand on him.  I'd sooner die.  I will sooner die.  None of you will understand that.  And it's not the sort of thing I can go to a therapist with, before anyone suggests it.  They'll just out me and then no one will attend my funeral.  I don't know why I care.  I've done nothing to deserve better.  Anyway, any guys my age that I have an attraction to (other than my friends) are straight or are to afraid to admit otherwise.  Same thing in any practical sense.  I have a bi and a gay friend.  The bi guy isn't attracted to me.  The gay guy is married and I've put him through enough shit that I'm not going to tempt him to break his fidelity.  I always fancied myself kind of cute, but any girl who's ever been willing to have sex with me I've been unwilling to have sex with, as a matter of their appearance.  You see, combined with the fact that I can't even find a guy who isn't (yes is NOT) ripped and wants to fuck me in the ass (not into anal) I guess I really am too ugly and my expectations were too high.  I just wanted a cute guy or a girl that didn't weigh as much as me and half again.  I find it sad I can't get a girl that would keep my cock erect, nevermind eventually have children with me.  See, all of my extended family is dead, and my brother is sterile.  If I don't have kids, this pathetic family line will end.  I guess it's time anyway.

My hearing is going.  I used to love music so much.  It would make my spine shiver, and my hair stand on end.  It could move me to tears.  I've had three bad ear infections in the past three years.  I can still understand people in a room with no background noise, but everything subtle in music is gone.  I still listen sometimes.  It makes me cry.  It touches me in a place that's no longer there.  And I feel empty.  More along the lines of my going-to-shit body, I have a pretty badly infected toe.  It's been infected and inflamed for a year now.  I suspect I'll have gangrene soon.  I have no medical insurance.  I haven't had it since I flunked out of college.  I haven't had my feet bare for more than a shower for the past year.  I keep it a secret from my family.  They'd try to get me to the doctor and we'd lose so much money.  I valued my hearing so much more than one of my toes, and I lost that.  Fuck my toes.  I've had acne since age 14.  I can't get it to go away.  I gave up trying last week.  It's about the same, go figure.  Yeah, I tried the towel thing.  Too bad that didn't do it.

I have no job.  I stopped wanting one six months ago.  All I do is cost money.

Right now, my brother and a couple of my friends are at a bar.  My other friends are having fun without me.  I've come to a realization.  And it is that I'm not good for anything.  I have nothing to offer anyone.  Oh, sure, if I died, I would be missed, but that's just because people have become used to my presence.  In terms of what I actually have to offer, they'll be no poorer if I die.  If people really knew who I was, what was wrong with me, they'd keep away.  Only people forced to "love" me by their religion would remain, but that's not love and I get enough of it now.

All my hope for the future is dead.  I feel more ostracized by the day, and I cannot keep living in a world that would, and should, rather me be dead, if there were no emotional strings attached.  I'm too tired, in many ways now, too old to become someone the world would rather keep.

Starting tomorrow, I'm just going to lay on the floor in my room.  Not my bed, I need to be lower to the ground, closer to my spirits.  I'm going to stop eating.  Stop talking.  People will protest, then they'll panic, and I fully anticipate I'll be on a feeding tube before all is said and done, even though I wish they wouldn't go to such lengths to keep me alive.  I've never wanted to die.  I don't want to kill myself.  I can't slash my wrists or blow my brains out.  I'm just so tired.  I'm too tired to live.  I'm going to stop trying.  I'm going to lie there until my body gives up like my mind.  I don't want to get up.  I mean that through and through.  I just wish I had whatever I lacked to get myself out of the way.

Sorry to burden you all.  You deserve better.  Better posts, better people.  I'll check back, I don't know why.

-----------------------------------------------------------
Edit: I'm going to get some sleep, I almost fell asleep a moment ago.  I will check replies when I wake up.  You all deserve it.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Edit 2: I'm awake again.