I can't stop screwing up my family's life.Today I got into a car accident. I don't think anybody was hurt physically, but I was at fault and don't have insurance. The damages are in excess of $3,000 for the other party's vehicle alone, even though all damage was purely cosmetic. I just finally managed to pay off a speeding ticket last month, and that was over $200. I have a medical disorder that keeps me from working many kinds of retail and labor-intensive job besides traditional office jobs, and due to my age and "lack of experience" for office work those kinds of places just aren't interested in me, so my spouse is stuck working long hours to make up for the fact that I'm a piece of crap that can't even kick off my own jewelry business that I've been trying to get up and running for years now.

I've been contemplating ending my life since before we even got together, always thinking about how nice it would be to just not be alive since the day I turned thirteen in the middle of a traumatic relationship. I'm now approaching twenty-five.

In twelve years, I've been in countless abusive relationships because I was so scared of being alone that I stayed with anybody that gave me any kind of attention, I've miscarried two children, and my biggest achievement is that I graduated high school with the eleventh-highest GPA out of fifty people. I've never been to college, not because I haven't applied, but because I haven't been accepted even when I genuinely wanted to go. I have all these dreams and aspirations for my life, but I'm too damned let-down to act on any of them because when some small good thing happens, there's always a massive bad incident waiting right around the corner and the good stopped outweighing the bad a long time ago. I can't even successfully lose weight without falling down the stairs and breaking my ankle two weeks into my diet and workout regimen. I just want to end it, so I can stop screwing up the life of my husband and daughter.

I don't have car insurance, but I have a $100,000 life insurance policy and if I make it look like an accident somehow then they'll still get the money, plus they won't have to deal with me constantly messing up and making their lives so much harder than they should be.

This will be the first thing that I've done right in over a decade.