Not sure what alternatives I have.Every day I go in to work, and as the day dredges on I feel more and more worthless and despondent.  I'm in IT support, so every day my task list grows, and I'm just getting worse at completing them.  I'm self-destructive, so I often put them off knowing I'll have to face the consequences later -- but I'll just let my future self deal with that.

I'm responsible to pretty much everyone, so I can't bear to leave my desk for fear of seeing anyone or having to interact with them.  It feels like I'm letting everyone down, and that any interaction will just be about how I'm not doing my job.

Amazingly I haven't been fired yet, although I was getting close.  When my boss commented to me on an apparent lack of productivity, I ended up confessing to him about my two decades' worth of depression.  He's a great guy, and now he's trying to help manage me better so I can fulfill my job.  But I still fall into the same self-destructive patterns, which is even worse now that he's going out of his way to help.

It would be simpler if I were physically injured, because then I could take a medical leave and come back once I was capable of working again.  But depression is a different story.  It's invisible and generally misunderstood, so telling anyone is pretty much admitting I'm simply not qualified for the job.  And I am seeking medical help: I'm on anti-depressants (which don't work as well as they did a few years back); and I've exhausted all of the options my GP has provided, which includes therapy.  I can see a therapist or talk to a counselor, and I can feel better for a day or two, or else be convinced that I actually have no good reason to feel as shitty as I do.  The other thing my GP provided was a referral to a psychiatrist for a one-time consultation on my medication, and that's on the 26th -- three weeks from now.

What I can't stand about seeking help is just how fucking long it takes.  My life is fucked up *now*, and it's only getting more fucked by the day.  My family needs my income, so there's no way I can afford to lose my job.  If I seek help, I'm told to wait weeks at a time, and in the meantime I get to see just how much worse things can get.

I'm seriously contemplating a suicide attempt just to prove that I can't stand it anymore.  The only problem?  I might actually succeed.  To be honest, that would be a good outcome for me, but I'd be leaving too many people behind who depend on me and my job.  But it's like nothing's going to happen unless I really step up the severity.  I already know I can't fix any of my problems on my own; I need someone to help, and I have to do something to make everyone understand that.