20 year old in chronic pain, not sure if I can go for much longer  Hey guys, just gonna wing it and write some shit down cause it's been a tough 14 months. September 2011 I managed to herniate a couple discs in my neck, and since then I can effectively do 0 of the things I love and have spent time becoming good at. I used to be a freeride skier, going off jumps and rails. It was so much fun, the adrenaline was better than any drug. I spent my entire teens skiing, met all by best friends skiing, and now I'm watching the snow fall, as I prepare to miss the second season in a row after my injury.  Everyone's bought their passes, everyone's happy and chipper like they should be. It's college, that's what it's all about. Before I got hurt I was a pretty happy kid, spent a lot of time exercising and reading and spending time with friends. 

I've been in pain ever since that day in september though, and it's slowly wearing me down to my limits. I feel like everyone else has such healthy bodies, nobody can really relate to the feeling of permanent physical limitation. My neck has this constant feeling of pressure, and it burns if I carry something too heavy like a loaded backpack or a chair. My range of motion is absolutely shot, my neck's tighter than it's ever been before. there's these grinding sounds when I turn it from left to right, and when I walk or run it's this constant clicking, step by step. Originally the discs pinched a nerve, leading to crippling pain and weakness in my left arm. Seriously I couldn't cut my own food, or even lift the utensils. Thankfully, a cortisone shot put an end to the arm pain, or else I would've killed myself a long time ago.  I guess I just feel like my life doesn't have a lot of meaning anymore. I hurt all the time, spend my time doing work that I don't care about for a future I'm not sure I even want to live. I've drifted away from my friends because they don't see a kid with an injury, they just see a 20 year old grimacing and wincing (there's no visible indication that I'm hurt) and I can't explain how desperately unhappy I am without scaring them away. 

 I will say this: you have to pick and choose who you open up too, because my best friend will barely even see me anymore after telling him how much of a struggle every day was. He just got really shocked, said "I don't even know what to say" and since then it's never really been the same. We don't laugh like we used to. I don't fantasize about girls or fast cars or spring break, I dream about getting shot on the way to class, or stopping a mugger and dying in the process. Or killing myself, and finally escaping the neck pain. My life as I used to live it has ended, it's just schoolwork and pain and isolation. I still talk to people and laugh and smile, but I feel numb and dead while I do it. I don't want my family to feel the same emotional pain that I do should i kill myself, but isn't it unreasonable to ask me to live in debilitating pain and stiffness just for other people? I thought I had finally escaped depression when I graduated high school, then plunged back into it headfirst after being stupid enough to mess my neck up one month into college. More than a year later, I've had almost all I can take. 