My lifeSince i was a kid my life was a series of bad shit. I was born in Serbia, Belgrade in '93. Grew up in bad hood, although my parents had good education. Had problems in home, never could bond with other children as they saw me as strange.  In the last few years of elementary school finaly learned got few friends, became thoughest of all little hooligans. After that i went from bad hood to nerd school, 96 percent of points was needed to get in that shit, i was always smart but bit crazy.. Viewed children there as cowards who dont know nothing bout life. They saw me as criminal and outcast. Meanwhile i hung with my crew from hood, they became my life. I could never love my parents so i loved my homies with al my heart to combat evil that lurked within me. Trained kickboxing, made money friends was considered legend in hood. In 2012 my so called friends struck a knife in my back, and deserted me. I was ready to die for all of them, did things their own parents did not and they tried to fuck me with police. Set me up. Wanted to kill them, parents, other deserters for years. In 2012 i went to college to study for engineer. Last 3 years couldnt train had health problems, acl, neck and back problems so my mental state was in really bad shape. In 2016 i decided that i wana get to the bottom of my problems. First read psyhology, sociology saw roots of problems. Tried to integrate with normal people couldnt hack it. Were boring, dull, children. Then i began meditating in the end of 2016. In january of 2017 my whole perception of world changed. I saw myself as i really was, saw all the trauma i endured and beggan cleansing. From march my luck went down. I injured my shoulder, then my low back started giving me trouble. Also there was a girl i rejected a while ago, met her in other city as a part of my resocialisation try. Pretty and great heart, not too smart, part of those nice guy/girl crews. Now from mid march beggan low back problems. I began expiriencing cauda equina compresion symptoms-disck bulge compress spine and you gradualy loose control and feeling in your genitalia. 2 weeks ago i decided that i will wait for a month and then on 27 of may i will beggin killing all who wronged me and my friends until someone kills me. 