I posted here yesterday and on Thursday. I have to say I’m incredibly disappointed in some of the users. I’ve gotten messages from u/OopsIForgotMyPassword that say I’m attention seeking and have abused those who offered me comfort so I deserve what happened to me, (I got doxxed when I posted a suicide note and the cops came to my house and it broke my relationship up for good and got me kicked out) 

and particularly on yesterday’s post people in the comments telling me to not “project my shit” onto them. That was said by u/thatswhatsophiesaid I think because I didn’t offer up enough details in my post due to the fact it was about the the fact that I got doxxed and cops came to my house, you guys all downvoted me for saying she’s being fucking rude and I have to say how disgusting it is to talk that way to a poster here when the point of each post is just helping the *poster*. Completely uncalled for. I had to take the post down out of fear it would happen again because I said something that could’ve gotten me doxxed again. Some of you were incredibly supportive but I’m not going to forget those that decided to address me in anger with unsolicited advice. It’s against this subs morals, and most of all. I didn’t ask for it. Telling me I deserved what happened to me on Thursday (the doxxing that ruined my life) because I’ve “abused” everyone whose tried to comfort me is despicable and I will think about that until the end. 

Yes I really wanted attention from fake internet points. That’s why i so desperately talked about how much I hated my life. Yes I really deserved this event going down that will forever change the corse of my life. I’m not going to forgive anyone that talked down to me like that when I was at a point of below zero. Below rock bottom. I’m still at that point. And I can’t say much because someone out there knows where I live but. I have to say. 

You failed me. You truly truly failed me. More than never reaching out could have. Never interact with a suicidal person ever again. You are dangerous to their mindset and it is rather despicable that you want to toy with a vulnerable head like that. Unless your motive is the opposite of what you want them to do. 

Go ahead and do the same thing in the comments. I don’t mind. In fact. I need it for today. 

And for everyone that listened yesterday and sent me comments saying what happened to me was fucked up. Thank you. Those are what helped me. I just wanted to be listened to. You understood the point of this sub. There was a lot of you actually. You do a good job. I used to support those here before my life led down this path and it’s nice to see people paying it forward. Have a nice day.