Made two attempts in the last week, long backstorySigh...Here it goes I guess. It is long but fuck it.
Backstory: My girlfriend and I have been dating for 5 years and living together for 4.5 years.

Back in November 2016 my girlfriend had an event in Florida. She was only there for something like 18 hours before she came back. After the event she started messaging one of the guys she met at the event on facebook. On christmas eve he called her and they talked on the phone for 2 hours (I was at my parents house). Afterwards she messaged him that she was feeling confused about her feelings. This was a man she had met 1 time and knew almost exclusively through facebook messages.

In February 2017 I saw their messages for the first time (I knew she talked to him but trusted her enough to never question it) and saw that he said things like "I love you" and such. She never responded to his advances and just ignored them. I told her it made me feel uncomfortable and I didn't want her talking to him anymore. She told me that I can't control her and she will be friends with whoever she wants. I acknowledged that she and I couldn't force her to stop talking to him but that it made me uncomfortable and hurt me knowing that she would keep talking to him. I also start to notice her being more distant and getting angry at me more often.

Fast forward to June and we were at an event together and she texted him "I know if I see you again I won't be able to control myself and will do something I will not regret but I will regret that I won't regret it" (I found out about this message recently). I also notice that she has grown very distant and begin to seriously worry around this time.

So in July she says she has an event in Tennessee and keeps changing the story about what kind of event but I chalk it up to me having bad memory. So the end of July comes around and I drive her to the airport for her event. She doesn't really text me the whole time because the people at the event "don't allow her to use her phone" and "it is underground" and "I signed an NDA". Well I know now from looking at her location (FindFriends) and some puzzle solving that she was at that guys house the entire time. She basically lied and set up a 5 day vacation to have cheat on me.

She gets back from the trip I notice she is extremely distant. She basically is always on her phone, she sits on the other side of the couch, she pushes me away when I try to show affection. So after a week or so I can't contain it anymore and I finally grab her phone while she sleeps and look at it...

I see her telling this due she loves him and even sending him lewd photos and talking about "what if" for abortions and such. I am destroyed. I confront her and at first she lies and says they didn't do anything yet. Then she admits to kissing him, and then finally admits that they had sex. She lies and says after the event they got a hotel (remember I later found out there was no event and she was at his house the whole time).

Then I notice she has plans to see him in another city for an event in mid August. I tell her if she goes we are done, etc... She says she doesn't want to lose me but she is going to "tell him they have to be just friends". I also notice she plans on staying at his hotel for the event. I tell her I will get her her own room and so she tells me she won't go. Then the event comes up and she packs her bags and goes.

A few days after the event I give up and ask her to at least stop talking to him so that I don't have to be crushed daily while we finish our lease together (ended in october). So just for a little over 1 month. She agrees to stop talking to him for that month. The next fucking morning I wake up to her closing the bedroom door (we don't have central AC so if you close the bedroom door it gets very hot in there). So I get up to open the door and ask why she closed it to find that she is playing PS4 with him.... Not even 6 hours after she agreed to stop talking to him while we lived out our last month together. She couldn't even wait until I went to work.

So I lost it. This completely broke me. I tried to go to the bathroom to kill myself and she tried to stop me. So sat on her on the bed and tried to kill myself so she couldn't stop me. The knife wouldn't cut deep enough so I gave up and collapsed in tears. After crying for a while I went to the bathroom to wash my face when the police knocked on the door. I heard them yell "Come out slowly with your hands in the air". 4 cops with guns drawn grabbed me and put me in cuffs. They questioned us in separate rooms and I denied wanted to kill myself. The police told me that I had 15 minutes to pack a bag and leave and that if I ever came back I would be arrested. I am the one that pays all the bills/rent and we are both on the lease but they didn't care.
After a few days a good friend of mine talked to my GF and convinced her to let me come back to the house to stay (I had nowhere else in the city to go). 

Things were okay for a little bit but in the beginning of september there was an event in our city and she went to stay "at a friends hotel". We had planned just days before to go to the event together to try to get along better for our final month. Turns out he came into town and she stayed with him and had sex with him just 1 block from our house.

I again forgave her and she finally agreed (and appeared to) stop talking to him for 7 days. Those days were nice but as soon as they were up she was blatantly talking to him again. She then moved out to her moms house in another city and I got my own place. Now I still talk to her and all but she avoids actually seeing me in person.

I know I should dump her and move on but I just can't. I gave her 25% of my time on this earth and I love her so damn much. I can't get her out of my head no matter how hard I try. Drugs, alcohol, friends, nothing gets her out of my head. She is always on my mind and I even dream about her. She is a prison I can't escape.

I tried to hang myself a week ago but the knot didn't hold and I feel and now my throat hurts like hell. I was close, even after the rope fell I blacked out. I tried again last night with xanax and alcohol but again that failed. Everything I planned for the future is ruined. She continues to lie to me everyday (we still text). She came and saw me last weekend because she needed a place to stay for an event but now that is over she refuses to see me anymore. I keep asking her to just be honest so I can actually understand it all but she continues to lie and lie.

My friends all left to another country or city for school/work and so I have nobody left. I tried to hang out with an old work friend but he ditched me. I have nobody left anymore. She meant the world to me and now she is gone. I know she doesn't love me anymore and I need to move on but I can't see a future without her.

I am so lonely and sad and feel so hopeless. I don't know what my purpose in life is anymore. Before she gave life meaning. To grow old with her, have a family with her, accomplish our dreams together. Now I am in the best position of my life (new well paying job, graduated college) but I am more sad than I have ever been. People keep telling me to move on and that I will find someone new but I was never good at making friends, let alone meeting women. Before her I had a few casual things but nothing serious and was content with being forever alone. Now I know that I will not find anyone else. I am weird, ugly, an asshole, I just... I have no hope

TLDR; My girlfriend of 5 years cheated on me and left me and now I don't know what to do or where to turn. I feel hopeless and worthless and just want to die.