I Feel Like Every Day is a Day Closer to Giving UpIt's been almost two full years since [this](http://www.reddit.com/r/relationship_advice/comments/n2jav/exbest_friend_of_10_yrs_and_the_girl_i_wanted_to/) bullshit began, and I've been through even more since. I worked my ass off to get through school and work to save money until I could afford to move. 

I had a semester completely free from my major and the other people involved in this situation. I focused mainly on work and saving up money. I even managed to break away from counseling and got off of my antidepressant meds, which just made me a lethargic, apathetic piece of furniture. I thought being more of myself was supposed to be a good thing.

I moved to the opposite side of the country and enrolled in a new school, but all the bad shit followed me here. I occasionally get texts from people at my old school criticizing me about new gossip they've heard about me.

I'm not making any friends (not for lack of my strained efforts) and I spend all my time alone because my roommates are constantly at work (not like they care anyway, I am always trying to get them to hang out with me, but they aren't interested). I try my best not to think about all the bad shit that has happened, but it still brings me down until I'm just dwelling in my apartment like a lonely hermit. When people don't want to be my friend or hang out with me, it makes me feel down. When I feel down, my mind wanders back to all that I've suffered through and reminds me how much it still bothers me.

I would be so happy if I could just have one day where I didn't wish I was dead. I've tried everything I can think of, but it just seems like this world rewards evil deeds and punishes those who are good at heart. Our culture proves it and the general population glorifies it.
I don't want to live in a place like that.

EDIT://
It also seems necessary to mention that it is also extremely hard for me to venture out because I don't know why, but I get super nauseous any time I'm in a motor vehicle. This is not like me at all. I mean, I couldn't do roller coasters and had issues with airplanes and helicopters, but when I'm driving? It's been a problem since leaving home and it IS made worse by anxiety, but I even get sick when I'm completely calm. I don't know what to do. I've been to the only insurance-approved doctor around several times, but they don't have any answers. It's another contributing factor to my reclusion.

EDIT:// 2

Happy (Super Lonely) 22nd Birthday to Me.
No love.
No friends.
No joy.