I lost my best friend to cancerWe met in college. She was an exchange student from the UK. That year was one of the hardest of my life, filled with new experiences, insecurity, failed relationships, and growth, constant growth. But Jenny was witty, intelligent, extroverted, beautiful, and so sensitive and observant and interesting. There was never anything romantic between us, but you can bet it was the first time in my life that I really felt like someone cared about me and like I mattered. And she valued my humor and my outlook on the world and loved learning about the US from me.

After she went back to the UK, we continued to talk every day, learning more and more about our separate worlds as we each finished college, moved back home, began jobs, etc. But Jenny was diagnosed with brain cancer in October 2016. After two surgeries and lots of chemo, she was able to spend the next two years surrounded by friends, family, art, culture, literature, all the things she cared about. In that same time period, I slaved away at a mediocre job, botched two relationships, but Jenny and I loved each other deeply and would talk every day. We wanted each other to succeed more than anything else in the world.

Last month, she passed. I never got to see her in the UK. We never made a big fuss about it and she downplayed how ill she had gotten. I knew she'd never get truly better, but we thought we had more time together.

I feel like I've lost my alter-ego. The only person that was there for me when I was my most vulnerable, self-effacing, juvenile, and sensitive. The only person that *dreamed* for me instead of giving hard, cold, advice. The one that shared my existential quandaries. I thought Jenny of all people would be here for me, always.

I just don't want to be alive. There was no closure and every day there's a million things I want to tell her about. I feel as if I've awoken into a life I never wanted. I don't know what my goals and dreams are. Money doesn't mean shit. My job doesn't mean shit. The dreams and memories me and Jenny shared have come to an end. The unique bond has come to an end. I know she would be devastated if something happened to me, but I feel I don't have the strength to carry on for both of us. I did everything for her, whether she knew it or not. She lived vicariously through me as her world shrank. I always saw it the other way around - she gave me hope in something greater than myself. But now that my oldest and most sacred friendship is gone, I feel so weak and pathetic.