Close friend told me I was dead to her. I really want to die. Please read and help So last Wednesday we got into a pretty big argument, but today we settled it. We talked for a bit, and she told me that I was strong for putting myself in therapy and told me she would do the same thing if she has insurance. And the conversation went on from there and we had a pleasant convo. I felt really happy. This was around 1pm. 

Around 5:30,  I got a text from her livid as hell saying she was going to murder me for burning holes in the back seat. I don't remember doing that so all I did was deny deny deny. She kept on insisting that it was me, because I was the last one back there. I was drunk the last time I rode in her car, so it could have been me. I kept on denying every confrontation I got. After I denied the last time she said "You're dead to me asshole".  That's when I apologized and asked to fix it. She told me that she didn't want me to fix it and she just wanted me to apologize in the first place. I then kept on trying to apologize. That's when she told me to "stay out of her life." and its "people like you that make men look like jackasses. "

We've got into many spats before like this in our 3 year friendship, but never has she said anything this harsh. I realize that instead of completly denying, and not owning up to something that could have been my mistake, I should of said something like "I don't recall doing that, but if it was I'm super sorry". It's too late now. I apologized over and over, even hit up the friends she was with (who are my friends to). One of them told me to let it chill, and things will be OK in time. The other said that she didn't want to make up. I kept on trying to apologize. Idk what else to do. She really makes me happy, and I was super happy to make up with her early today, now its ruined again. 

For the most part I'm an atheist, but when I do believe in God, I think he likes to build me up just to bring me back down again. We got into a fight last Friday, made up on Tuesday, fought again on Wednesday, made up Sunday, and then this happens. Our friendship never has been this bad ever. Never has our spats been this severe. Then again, for the past 3 months we where seeing each other 3 or more times a week. Maybe we've just had too much time around each other. 

Nothing would make me happier than to fix this. I know advice isn't encouraged here, but i would appreciate it. I'm super depressed and ready to kill myself. She makes me super happy, and just the thought of her no longer caring makes it unbearable. 

PS: our last spats where just about my negativity, and me being a Debbie Downer. I told her I was going to go to therapy, and that's when she told me that I was strong for doing that. All of this happened before the burnhole argument. 