16 Cuts Didn't Kill MeMaybe I'm crazy. Maybe I'm naive. Maybe I don't really want to die..

I do. 

I tried. A year ago she tried, and did. I held her head in my hands. I tried the CPR. The mouth-to-mouth. She vomited into my mouth. I couldnt call her name. I did but her name stuck on my throat. She was clay. Deaf clay. I didnt have any Narcan to save her, called 911. She didn't make it. Her short blond hair was glued to her floor. In her mouth. 

When my Dad's car was rolling over a week later, me inside it, 90 mph, drunk as a chicken bone in vinegar, I should've snapped in two. I hoped so. I wanted it. I was bracing for it. It was the crash that got me kicked out of the house. I moved to a new town and had to figure out finishing high school here..

I watched *me* crumble. I watched me fall apart. 

I can't find him. Whomever I was. I'm just a shell. I've talked to so many characters on Reddit, some very pleasant and others not so much, but I ran aground: I'm a toxic shit. I have a terminal heart problem, im not gonna make it anyway. ButbI had hope breathed into me, and for the first time in my whole life I saw past 21? I met this girl. 

Well, of course, I also lost her. I cant even type it out,the history, the hope, the conversations, how many times she'd saved me. Even though I've been chronically and serially suicidal for the last 4-6 mos. I've been stupid, toxic, selfish. Manipulative. What they say in this century about that, off-behavior we encounter?*cut it off.*  So we had to. I thought maybe I'm ok,I not so crazy I can't survive a breakup. Nope. It's been like 4 hours. 

I love her. 

So Im sitting here with a shirt wrapped around my arm. I chose 16..I was going to go for maximum, terminal damage. I just couldn't go. Some cutters may understand. So I just have a mess and adrenaline and my hands are shaking so hard rn. I wanted to die. But I also wanted love. I wanted someone to care. To be here, ler me witness her life and she witnesses mine.

I chose 16 because that's how old my prior girlfriend was when she died. That's why I was pressuring myself to make a lot out of this relationship, so she'd be - not replaced - but like - respected. The first girl I dated after grief. She didnt know what a big deal I made it to me.. 

But it's not even that.

I can't keep going. I..     I can't anymore. You know? Where ever those heartfelt relationships are? Im still the toxic one. Every single time. 

If youre reading this. You know who you are. I am so sorry. So very sorry. I wanted to do better but failed. I gotta go. Not yet, I need a better yeet plan.. Cutting don't work. My arm is on FIRE. ok.....i need some drugs or something. Bye sorry bye