I just need to knowLook, I know most people on here are doing way fucking worse than me. I know that because I used to be way worse. I nearly did it when I was 17. (Since it's probably important I've had a lot of history with depression, anxiety and hypomania) So like if no one says anything here I understand, get to the ones that need it first. 

But like he's where I am...

Like why fucking not? Everything is going so shitty and will only continue to get shittier. My life was doomed from the start. No matter what I do I'm set on the course to just struggle at some fuck-head job so I can pay my bills and then after 50 years of that I get to finally enjoy my life once my health and people have left me?? And that's only if I don't get in a fuckin motorcycle accident before hand. 

I'm aware there are poeple that love me and I love them too. But I can't just sit back and watch them all slave their lives away for some little green pieces of paper. 

I just didn't fuckin sign up for 60 fuckin years of torment. So who says I shouldn't try to have the best 2020 ever, then go get myself a fuckin glock and stop suffering? 

It just seems so insane to me that most people are just fine with this being the way it is. Everyone bitches that they never "got out of this shitty job" but I say that I think the whole game is bullshit and I'm the fucking idiot idealist?

Plus I don't have any kids, no significant other. I have a good amount of friends who are all the best people, but they'll still have each other if I'm gone. My siblings are all pretty young. 11, 5, 5, and one on the way, I'm 22. So ya, my parents will be fucked up but my mom has a preteen and a five year old. And my dad has a five year old and one on the way. So they'll have enough to keep them going. And my siblings are young, so it wouldn't hurt as much to "have that brother they barely remember who killed himself" instead of seeing me suffer and do it in 10 years when they're fucking cognizant. 

So in summation:
My parents can't relate to me because I'm too young. 
My siblings can't because I'm too old. 
My friends are too busy dealing with their own problems (broken people attract broken people)
I think the inerrant structures of today's society are unbearable. 
I can't just move because I'd feel too guilty. 

So fuckin why not?