How do I kill myself in my sleep?I grew up with abusive (physical and mental) parents for close to two decades, was taken advantage of sexually when I was about 12 by a classmate, racially discriminated and verbally abused for almost every day of my middle to high school years, and remained an introverted and socially incompetent mess well into adulthood. I grew up being treated like a subhuman and now it’s the only way I know how to be treated, it’s extremely difficult for me to interact with society normally without my medication and even then I have my moments. Ive somehow managed to force my way out of the toxic relationship with my family by taking on &gt;40k in student loans and have just recently graduated from a masters program. But in my desperation to escape my old life I had gravely underestimated the consequences of my actions. I am now 40k in debt and doing an unpaid internship at a foreign policy institute where I’m obviously under-qualified for. (I’m allowed to stay onboard because I frequently offer to help with the busy work that no one else has the time for) I had managed to land two part-times at a couple of local restaurants in order to pay rent, and even though I was going to really straining myself trying to balance the internship, the two part times, personal fitness goals, and researching for my own academic/career  pursuits, I had hope, they might be misplaced but at least I had things to look forward to each morning.  
But earlier today, I found out that my efforts might have all just gone to waste because I managed to get myself tangled up in a credit fraud, and had my card frozen and bank account closed. I managed to explain the issue with a customer support agent on the phone today and my case will be under review for at least 8 business days, during which I will have minimal ways of sustaining myself due to the sudden nature of my bank accounts closure. And this made me realize how inadequate I am as a functional member of society; not only am I emotionally crippled, I have difficulties navigating obvious situations because my brain sometimes just literally cannot not compute basic concepts. A lot of my issues originates from my self perception and how I view the world and people around me, changing that will be difficult and I’m not sure if it’s worth the effort.  

PS: in case I do decide to end it all, can someone advise me on a way to painlessly go out in my sleep. Living alone peacefully is one of my goal in life and i would love to experience it, even if it’s only for a brief moment before I die.