Nothing can be doneI’m 16, I’m living with my asshole ex and his family, I’ve been depressed for months, my mom has disowned me and thrown me out, she stole my fucking dog, she lied to my relatives and now I have no family, I live in a dining room with a shitty bed, all my fish are dead, I feel disgusting all the time, I’m constantly in pain, and no one can help me. Everyone keeps saying how they’re so sorry and wish they could help. It doesn’t mean shit to me anymore. I got thrown out this summer because I hung myself and my mom didn’t want to risk me scarring my younger sibling. She never fucking cared about me. She’s beaten me, degraded me, told me how worthless I am my whole fucking life, but it’s my fault for overreacting and trying to fucking end it. I’m so done. I feel like I’m never going to be happy. Once everyone is asleep, since they’ve locked up all the knives, cables, scissors, ropes, anything they thought I could use to kill myself, I’m going to break the glass cup I took and slit my fucking wrists. I can’t take it anymore. Every time something good happens to me, something worse happens right fucking after. I have no purpose here. I ask my foster parent all the time why I’m alive. They just say they’re sorry I feel that way. Everyone just says that they’re oh so sorry and wish they could help, but saying that doesn’t do shit. Nothing fucking matters. I’ve been waking up screaming some mornings just thinking back through all the shit I’ve been through. I can’t keep living. I’m 16 and I’m already too fucked up to be happy in life. I hate my life so much. I’m done chickening out, I’ve made a plan and I’m sticking to it. Isn’t it just fucking great that nothing is even going to happen to the person that ruined my life? Isn’t it fucking hilarious? There’s no consequences I guess for throwing out your kid, coming back only to steal their dog, and then fucking destroying their relationship with their older brother and uncle. Oh fucking well. Nothing can be done. I’ve been waiting for months, staying hopeful that maybe something will get better, then to just staying around because I have no choice. I’m done. Nothing can be done for me.