i am not coping, can't get up and go to work. started picking places to die.it's almost 9am and I'm supposed to be at work but i'm in bed. 

I haven't had a good day since I found out my best friend from university got accepted on to a prestigious free Masters programme.

Since we both graduated together in 2016 (fine art), she's won a 20k fellowship (i came third in the same student prize, winning £6000 that is all gone now). she's also been granted 20k in government funding and she's done an alternative masters for a year. On the other hand, I have lived in 7 different places in two years, was traumatised by my mothers age-gap husband trying to come on to me, ended up in an abusive relationship that only ended when i ran away in the night, spent 6 months severely depressed and unable to find work, suffered a mental breakdown and had to move back in with my mother. I now work at a gas company doing entry level admin. I am 29 years old.

Recently I went to see a mental health nurse and she told me that I am not able to regulate my emotions because my parents never showed me how. I don't feel any hope that I can learn, I feel like I had no hope from the beginning. I feel like my blood is doomed.

I sometimes wonder if I am fundamentally unable to experience happiness. It seems like, my whole life, I have had a void inside me and nothing will fill it at all. The only thing that has ever come close is when I was making art and getting recognition for it. Now, to see my friend live my dream while I have to live with the consequences of my inability to make decent decisions or any progress as an individual, is intolerably painful.

There is something seriously wrong with me. I believe myself to be broken beyond repair. I look around at the wreckage of my life and I feel no desire to try to repair it. I have no interest in battling SO HARD from here just to have to settle for the shredded scraps of life i'm capable of salvaging. They aren't worth it to me. I know I will never be able to be content with that meaningless slog existence, merely surviving. The opportunities i had to work hard have passed me by and so I don't see that i have a future worth living for. I am a woman and I find nothing more laughable and pathetic than the idea of an aging female delusional artist thinking she has something worth sharing. That is so embarrassing to me, I feel i have no choice but to kill myself. I have looked up articles to try to find reasons to live. Many say that the future is an unknown and that we create our own destinies. I know that my destiny can only go as far as my abilities. I am not talented or personable enough to create the life I truly want. I'm unable to accept less. where does that leave me? 

I've been researching the best places to go to die. I already know that the best way will be walking out into the sea. I don't think i will pick anywhere meaningful. I started scrolling around my map app to see if any coastal town names appealed to me.

I wish i didn't have to worry about my parents. I wish they understood that to force me to live out my days in constant disappointment and pain isn't kind. 
