Back to square one, and waiting....I've always suffered from some degree of depression for as long as I can remember. Sometimes it's not bad; other times it's unbearable. Since I was 14, I've tried to kill myself on more than a few occasions. They all obviously failed for various reasons. Some of them I wasn't ready. Some of them I was and ended up failing - like that time I underestimated how many pain pills and how many bottles of alcohol would do the trick. I've seen shrinks before but have never told anyone any of this until now. I'm not the type to open up. I don't trust many people.

A few years ago I met my best friend. He's been the most amazing person I could have ever asked for. And when I'm around him, or when I'm talking to him, I'm happy. Literally and truly happy. I've never had anyone as awesome as he is. He's helped keep me stable, he's helped me grow a lot, and he's really been my rock and has given me purpose since we've known each other. Since I've known him, my depression has been mostly non-existent and I've had no suicidal thoughts. This is how much he has such a positive affect in my life.

I also deal with a level of social anxiety that has made it extremely difficult to make other friends throughout my life. It's been the case since I was in middle school (two decades ago). I think all of the losses I've experienced (most of my family) is what's contributed to this. And thus, he's really my only true friend, despite some acquaintances I talk to a few times a month - most of which live thousands of miles away. I have virtually no family since most of them are deceased. And the ones that are still alive, I have no desire for their presence in my life....and vice versa. They're distant family at best, physically and emotionally.

Well, though my friendship with my best friend has been great for me, it's not been without it's fights and arguments. And recently had a huge disagreement and misunderstanding over something so minuscule. But I fear he's reaching a tipping point because of the fact that - as he said - he doesn't argue with any of his other friends. Today, he said that maybe we shouldn't be friends anymore because of this. Then he shut down and stopped talking to me. I wrote him an email explaining that I didn't mean what he thought I meant, that he was misunderstanding my intentions. But with the arguments we've had lately, he seems to just think that this is another one when it's not.  

To be honest, I'm not in a place to lose him. I've lost too many people. And I know what my life was like before him. I know the darkness I lived in. I know the years of isolation and the desperation for it to end. I can't go back to living that life again. If he ends our friendship, I've already made my mind up that that will be the end for me. He will never know this. I will never ever tell him. I know that if I did, that would be the fastest way to lose him. I have always been 100% honest with him about literally everything in my life...just not about my depression. He knows I tried a few times in my teenage years, but he doesn't know the battle I fought up until the day that I met him. He suffers from depression himself, and so I've always kept mine hidden in order to stay strong and support him. 

But I can't deal with the fact of losing him. If it happens, I know without a single doubt what I would do. The past few years have been the only break in depression that I've had for as long as I can remember, and it's been because I have someone that helps take it away....that brings me happiness. And it's been the only constant source of happiness that I've had. I can't go back and be alone and live in that darkness again. If hell exists, then I walked through it for most of my life until I met him. I'm not going back.

I'm hoping I hear from him soon. I hope he calls and says we're okay, that he just got overly anxious, that we can just move on. Until then, the old darkness is flooding in again....things I haven't felt in years. It can all disappear with one call. And I hope it does. But my friend is everything to me. And if I lose him, I lose everything.  