I would’ve ended it a long time ago if it wasn’t for my familyI’ve been depressed and anxious for about as long as i can remember. I excelled in school early on so i was able to distract myself with at least a superficial confidence that one day things will get better. Once i got to high school, i started feeling overwhelmed with all that i was taking on. I kept my head up despite increasingly frequent breakdowns because from the outside, i was still on a successful trajectory. I am now in community college and can hardly drag myself out of the house more than 2 days a week. Doing any work whatsoever makes me so anxious i sweat, palpitate, and sometimes pass out. Absolutely nothing brings me joy anymore and i’m sick of letting everyone down around me. There is no career that i would be happy doing because nothing can keep my interest for too long without making me tremble and hate it. 

I have fantasized about ending it many times. I will be honest, i would’ve done it if i hadn’t had several friends die that way and saw what it did to their families. I know my parents love me and i could never do that to them, but sometimes i just can’t take it anymore. I don’t know why i’m alive. I’ve tried doctor after doctor, medication after medication, meditation, exercise, eating healthy, counselors, all of it. Nothing has ever helped me hate myself any less. I don’t remember what it feels like to enjoy something. 

I’m not posting here because i’m at risk for killing myself. I know that i won’t do it. And that’s why i can’t get help for it. If you tell someone you’re having suicidal thoughts, you’re put on watch, it becomes a whole big thing. That would break my parents’ hearts too. Why would i bring it up if i know i won’t do it? But at the same time, sometimes i just wish i’d go in a “freak” or natural way like a car crash. I sometimes think of driving my car off of a bridge but i’m afraid of fight or flight kicking in. I want to be gone and i want it quick, and painless for the few who love me. 