I don't belong here.I’m not sure what I to say or how I to say it. I’m not sure why I am even writing this because I don’t want to hear what people have to say. I guess I just want this out there somehow. Even if I did want advice, no anyone can say anything that will help. I highly doubt anyone will even really care. Sometimes people think they care but how much of that is because they actually care, and how much is because they’ve been conditioned to believe they should.


Have you ever had the feeling of being at a party or event surrounded by people but still feeling alone? I feel like that all the time. One time in college I decided to get a minor in math. I tried to make friends in that department (as well as my own department), but I always felt like an outsider. I felt like I was looking into a fish tank. While I liked seeing them and while I felt like I could understand them and their behavior; I simply could not exist in their environment. I feel like I don’t belong on earth.


My dad had some anger management issues when I was young. I never really thought anything of it. I just figured that’s how things were and it was no big deal. Now that I’ve been seeing a psychiatrist she explained to me that even though consciously I don’t see it as a big deal, subconsciously it has left me “damaged” somehow (she didn’t actually say damaged). As I got older I found out my dad was suspected (by a psychiatrist) of being bipolar (he never went through the full range of tests to prove it). I don’t blame him because he can’t control being or not being bipolar. I wonder if I will end up with it as well or if it’s true that all his anger has affected me. I’ve read other stories of people who were abused and therapist type people say that can lead to them being easy targets for others to abuse them later.


When I was about 11, I was molested by a neighbor who was just a few years older than me. I’m curious if one of the reasons why I was molested was because of what I said in the previous paragraph. I remember a therapist once told me I might have a fear of intimacy, I’m not sure if that could have been caused by the molestation. It only happened once so I’m not sure why I can’t just get over it. 


I’ve tried finding a girlfriend in real life and on dating websites but I get nowhere. I’ve been able to meet some women but as soon as I get too close to them I start to get nervous and anxious. I’ve had sex but I never really enjoyed it. I think mostly because I wasn’t really into them but I kind of just went along with it. I’m not really sure why. I’ve also had a lot of what I call “pseudo-girlfriends”; women who I’m just friends with but we hangout a lot and sometimes even cuddle. I know you’re probably thinking, “why not ask one of them to take our friendship to the next level.” Well I have and that’s never worked out for me and I just end up losing friend.


The more I go on, I feel less and less connected to the world. I know eventually I am going to end my life one day; maybe not soon, but one day.
