I wrote a suicide note because I wanted to get my thoughts out. I'm not in immediate danger thoTo primarily my family, then my friends, and whomever else it may concern,

First of all, I'm sorry. I don't know exactly why I feel this way. I remember I told you, mamá, that I was an atheist when I was 13 or 14, and you got mad. You threatened I would go to Hell. Don't you realize that if I don't believe in religion then I can't, don't, believe in Hell? I'm not scared of divine punishment or ceasing to exist. In fact, I thinking non-existence is preferable to immortality of the soul. 

Anyway, I think reincarnation comes after this. But I don't think it will be my soul that is reincarnated. After death, I think that it's destroyed, so it's no more. Consequently, why do I have to worry about after death? I won't exist to experience its choke or whatever it entails. I think reincarnation of my energy occurs. Energy can't be destroyed, right? Maybe it goes into a new life form.

But enough about after this life. What about in it? I think I believe, or want to believe, nothing matters. I can't help but feel an itching that I need to kill myself, in this life, and successively in all the lives after, in order to beat this "game." (That's why I am so unsure about the afterlife, I have several speculations on it.) To fully perish. 

You know I am cursed with this skin condition. I have to take medication everyday in order to function well. I despair at the thought I'll never be normal- the embarrassment, the discomfort, noone will ever fully understand. It alienated me in school and has left an ink blotch on me now, so that like an abuser I look back on those depressive middle school times and wish to go back to them in an odd way. 

Because then I was consumed by my earthly woes. I was depressed and lived day to day. I didn't care for much. Now, I don't think I'm depressed. But while I saw short-term then I see long-term now. It makes me hopeless and makes me think suicide is inevitable. I imagine the cool metal of the gun in my hand, sitting on the floor and feeling its weight before raising it to the side of my head. I want to know what comes after this life. I want to know the actual true meaning on our existence. What we imagine seems miniscule; we can actually never acquire the truth in this lifetime. Why not speed up the discovery? If everything is meaningless. 

Some despair at the pain they will cause their loved ones. Somehow I am disconnected from this worry. I imagine that you won't actually experience pain, not because you don't care about me, but because everything will stop. I don't fully believe this though; it is just another murky suggestion. It is quite self-centered. But I don't think I am the center of the Universe. I just think everything is fake somehow. After I die maybe nothing will truly exist, not because I died but for some other reason. 

Hey, my reasoning isn't that great. But it's whatever. 

I love you.
-Name