People want to BE me.Hi. I am a 15 year old boy who is a freshman in high school who can't sleep. The time is 2:04 AM.

I don't know what's wring with me. I know others think they're lost, but I know exactly what is wrong with me but I can't do anything about it. I go to counseling. I lie to my counsellors that my home life is fine, nothing's been up with my mom. Communications have been fine, when yesterday she was yelling at me for crying. Apparently out of no reason. I was crying because of this. I keep thinking about it.

I attempted suicide on July 25, 2010. It seems so distant now, even though it's been four and a half years since then. Since then I keep thinking to myself "Do it. Why don't you?" Like the crazy fuck I am. I have every means to do it. Car keys I can nick from my parents, I have a fucking bow and arrow in my room I can use to puncture my skull with.

But at school. I am literally everyone's friend. People look up to me. I get a lot of attention from grills. I have plenty of people to hang out with. Popular kids, nerdy kids, socially inept kids, the anime kids, the stereotypical high school non popular girl group, hot girls, everyone.

This past Christmas my former bully reached out to me and asked if we could "start on a clean slate" since "he's changed". This is the one sole person who crippled me today. I told him that I believe he's changed as much as I believe the moon landing was faked.

My counsellors told me that I may have clinical depression. No shit, I think. I'm also suicidal. But what nobody knows is that I'm a psychopath. I have complete means to go around and manipulate and lie so well you won't know I did. This helped me a lot when I got in trouble.

This also made me think that my mindset is set on seeing others as potential benefits. Not equals. Benefits.

So I've been thinking. I have a friend I want to discuss with my problems. The only person I trust, her name is Shelly(Not really she hates people rhyming her own name) and she may or may not hate me. So I don't know whether I should talk to her, and I value our friendship.

I don't need you guys, I just need you to pick option  A or B. Just so I can just fucking make a goddamn decision

Btw I probably missed a lot of detail but my arm hurts so imma go to sleep.