I am friendless, hopeless, and suicidal (x-post)I am 32. The first girl I loved called me fat and I became anorexic. The second girl I loved cheated on me, lied to me about it, and when I broke up with her she broke into my house and raped me in my sleep, then called the police and said I was violent with her after I grabbed her by the shoulders and forced her to leave. I'm not joking and this isn't morbidly funny because of the consequences.

I made a conscious decision to get addicted to heroin just after that relationship ended.

She continued calling me, harassing me, even though she had gotten a restraining order against me and filed false reports. I left the state but resumed my heroin addiction shortly after.

I've been addicted to opiates since. It was always my suicide alternative -- i.e., I'll always choose to do heroin instead of killing myself.

I spent many years lonely. All through my life all I wanted was a woman to treat me as well as I treated her. I am not unattractive, and I'm intelligent and pretty talented, but for some reason people treat me like dirt, they treat me like an idiot even though I have a high IQ. I've let my weight get high which ruins my attractiveness.

Then I went to rehab for the first time this year. I was ready to get better. They invaded my privacy, somehow getting into my email. They saw nude photos of me and a girlfriend. (She wasn't a real girlfriend, I just hung out with her. It was better than nothing.)

I was devastated.

The drugs don't work anymore. I can't say I'll choose heroin over suicide. Now I'm unemployed. I'm depressed. 

I truly feel like I have no purpose. 

I feel like I was meant to love a woman, and be a father. I am very good at teaching and good with kids. But I only ever had success picking women up on drugs. Without the drugs they can see that I'm on the verge of tears and desperate.

I don't have health insurance.

I need someone to talk to. It's depressing to talk to me, though. I don't feel like I can unload this pain anywhere. And I can't afford a therapist, and I don't think I can even use one. I looked so unattractive, I guess, that at rehab when I said I had been raped, the therapist laughed at me.

Where can I go on reddit to talk to somebody?

I just don't know what to do or where to start.

I'm lost and I don't have the drugs anymore.
