I'm not sure if life is worth it anymore.23m, stable Muslim family, USA 

I know it’s a long read, but I was hoping that by typing this, I might bring myself a to my senses. 

I’ve been suicidal for years, even tried it once until my mom came home early and scared me out of it. I told her about it years later, but I don’t think she ever really understood why I wanted to do it. Reguardless of why, she started showing me I matter and how much she loves me and etc, and it actually talked me out of it. I was happy for a while(a long time ago). I love my mom to death, but cancer took her from me and heaven gained another angel. 

To this day I still wish that I had gotten cancer instead. 

Any how, now it’s just me. My sister. And my dad. My sister and I are just “meh”. We get along sometimes, but we fight a lot. I can sense that she cares about me somewhat, and I do care about her, I’ve actually beat up people that have threatened her, and I don’t know why, but the thought of her crying if I die doesn’t really phase me, because in the end she’ll still be alive, healthy, and she’ll move on. 

My dad, for the lack of a better word, is an asshole. He tries his hardest to provide for us, and give us an education, but it’s as if he does this out of obligation, not because he wants to. He says he loves me, but it really, and I mean REALLY, doesn’t feel like it at all. 

Nearly every week, he tells me how much of a disappointment I am. You see, he’s the kind of dad that values education and schooling and money above anything else in the world. He’s a doctor so he has a lotta money, but he makes ya live as if we’re poor, I have a job and my sister has some money saved up from family presents and such, but spending $20 for entertainment is so unjust and unworthy, he acts as if we’ve committed a major sin and goes batshit crazy. Money isn’t even an issue either, both my parents are doctors. I know for a fact that we have enough money in the bank to spend some money on leisure here and there. 

I’m a pretty sharp kid, I learn things fast and do things well, but I absolutely hate school. The whole system is flawed and is one of my main sources of depression. My father tells me how his status in the family has dropped because of me because I’m taking longer to graduate college. He doesn’t see to give a rats ass about what I’m going through nor does he bother to help me. 

I never told him I’ve tried to kill my self, not have I directly told him I’m depressed. And I’m not sure my mom knows from when she was around, but he’s mentioned my depression before, but not sure if he was joking or not. 

Before my mom passed. I promised her I would try to be good and be on good terms with my dad, we’ve never gotten along, but I promised to try. And I did. We get along a lot, but it’s always at the expense of my mental health and sanity. 

Today he started yelling at me and telling me how I’ve thrown my entire life away and how the family doesnt respect him and etc, and I lost it. I straight up yelled back at him and asked if he wanted me to run away and disappear. I yelled at him asking if he wanted me to kill myself- and I mentioned to him that I’ve tried it before and I’m not afraid to do it again, but then started his prayer to avoid acknowledging me. 

This has been going on for years now. My mom passed away in October 2019, and whenever things got bad, she would usually be the one to calm things down. But now there is nothing to stop the fights, things just keep building and building. 

I know my mom passing has been hard on him, and I’ve genuinely tried the best I can to be understanding of his random mood swings and anger issues, but it’s as if he doesn’t realize that she was also my mother.

I have nobody in my life anymore that’s worth living for. I have very few friends, and the only one that knows I’m somewhat suicidal, doesn’t even seem to care much from what I see. My boys that I grew up from don’t have a clue, and i rarely see them now. My family is huge, and they would probably cry, and it might be a big deal, being the first suicide in my family. But they’d move on fast. My mother was one of the most loved persons in my family, and they moved on and pretty much forgot her in about a month or two, for me, they’d probably move on in a week. 

I often see myself googling suicide methods and which ones are effective and painless, and usually I think wtf am I doing and I stop. But the frequency of me searching these things up has gotten out of hand. 

I know I’m not a perfect person. But I try my best to be a good person. I look out for others, treat everyone with love and respect, donate to charities and homeless people. I try my best to make make everyone happy and make sure none of the people around me are sad, And I always try my hardest not to hurt people, whether it’s emotionally or physically. 

But in the end, no matter how much good I do, it’s always me that’s forgotten about. I don’t remember the last time I got a gift on my birthday. I don’t remember the last time someone randomly texted me to check up on me. I don’t remember the last time someone other than my mother told me they care about me and love me. I don’t even remember the last time I hugged someone other than my mom. 

I know people are going to say I should see a therapist or etc, but that’s not really an option. Spending any form of money on anything that isn’t related to paying bills or education, is “strictly prohibited” in my fathers mind. And believe it or not, he even thinks mental health is a joke (keep in mind he’s a doctor). 

It’s as if I’m already forgotten in the world, so why would it matter if I were to leave this world, permanently. It’s not like anyone will notice.