No foreseeable positive future.I'm not sure if I'm welcome in this sub, but I wanted to post anyway. Currently I don't want to kill myself, but I've realized it is truly the least painful outcome for my life. 

**Background on me**: 24, single guy, holds a part time job because of nepotism, IQ 120-135 (haven't been tested), have some sort of anxiety disorder (probably either social or general).

I have no future. I dropped out of college during the third semester because my anxiety problems were too much for me to handle. Had 3.8 GPA. Honestly it's kind of tormenting that I'm intelligent. It's like God is pointing his finger at me and laughing saying "Look, I gave this kid stellar gifts, but too much suffering to even use them." I cringe every time someone compliments my intelligence... because it's like mocking a gorilla in captivity. All that raw potential power, but trapped. Creativity is a curse too. Imagine having to chisel a marble block into a statue every day or else you feel depressed. I need at least five hours of creative outlet a week or else I feel down. 

I have no motivation. I don't want to work a full time job. What's the point? To provide for a family? I'm not sure marriage is an option for me. My heart is too fragile to get invested in other people. I'm too easily manipulated for my own good. Being highly agreeable and neurotic as a guy is not acceptable. Plus, marriage is a scam for men in the western world anyway. I may be a nice guy that tries his best to give people compassion, but I know I'm not fit for a stable relationship. Not in the state I'm in now at least. 

It's not like I haven't tried to ask women out either. I've been attracted to three women in my life time. Two of them attracted me for the wrong reasons, and one attracted me for the right reasons. The latter one hurt me the most. I've yet to experience heartbreak on caliber with finding out my best friend had a boyfriend two weeks after I told her my feelings. I'm not going blame her... but nothing can change the pain and the fact that I feel alienated from her now. She was the only one I could talk to about personal stuff. Women just don't understand their value as emotional caretakers... Talking to men is not the same. 

I've even tried going to therapy. I went to two different counselors. Over time I've realized that they can't change me because I don't want to change. There's nothing worth changing for anymore. I'm terribly addicted to porn, but why change? I know from experience that even if I try to quit I fall back right into it. My best guess is that my anxiety issues are the root of my problems... but how the hell am I supposed to fix that? If I'm not willing to fix it with therapy, then I'm *fucked*, for lack of a better word. 

So what's the point of going on? I keep myself busy with hobbies and creative thoughts, but that's no enough to sustain a life. There's plenty more functional men out there to bear society on their shoulders. Statistically someone will commit suicide... might as be someone with no future. 

*At what point does the inhumane treatment of keeping yourself alive outweigh suicide?*