Please Help, its not enough and im scare of CTE.Im a 22 
Sorry for my bad english.

Fuck! im crying now but let me tell you first some things i went through:

my mother left us when i was 10 and my dad made sure to let us know that the only reason he didn't walk out on us (2 sisters and i) was because of other people's opinions. so we moved to the USA because my dad wanted to clear his mind and we had family members, that let us sleep on their garage for a couple on months before getting my dad's apartment.

Since the age of 10 ive never had a place to call home i feel unwanted, yet i learned english very quickly compare to my classmates so that i could show up at school with a fake smile, and be the "funny guy" yet every time someone tried to have a connection with me i pushed them away, all my friends and even some family.

i fell into a serious depression at 16, i felt lonely and unwanted and it went sooo far i actually bought some pills that the guy assure me will work, but i was such a coward i didnt do it, that's when started using video games and TV shows as tools to feel **good**, and it work!, even during my sister's death due to cancer this march, i was "fine" i went to my room and watch all 1-3 seasons of the tv show "Community" and everything was "fine".

But on July it came back for NO FUCKING REASON!! i started to feel it again... this... sensation, its not anger, its the feeling of never being truly happy. So i used the show "riverdale" as a way to not be alone with my thoughts. thats when i realize it never left, ive been playing video games since that night on my room with the pills just to distract myself before it eventually caught up with me, jesus i even created this reddit account just to talk about games.

The scary part is i WANT to be alone i WANT to die alone. and im scare is because of CTE something im NEVER gonna be able to feel true happiness because is something physically that i can't change.

*  My first 2 concussions at 13(playing football back when i lived on the usa), 

*  6 more at 14 (wrestling in the USA) and 

* 3 when we return here to mexico at 15-17 (playing american football).



My music taste changed after my 2nd concussion at 13, my taste buds change after a concussion at 16, and even though my English is bad, i use it as my first language(which corresponds with my 1 to 8 concussions that happen when i was exclusively speaking English). 

Lately is even more apparent, i changed all my clocks to a 24 hour format for no fucking reason!

the ONLY thing that makes me feel happiness is tv shows now, because video games and my precious dog thor are not working like they used to.


I feel unwanted, i feel lonely, i feel like life is not worth living if its gonna be like this.