I would do it but...So I’m writing this at 3AM despite having a psychiatrist appointment early tomorrow and then work but I just need to talk about this. I’m a writer. Or at least I was. That was all I had. Now I feel like I’ve lost my talent. I was writing a book and it was genius but I slowly got worse and worse writers block and then I pretty much stopped. I lost all 3 of my best friends all at once. After that I’ve been isolated for two years straight. I used to be so lovable, carefree and fun despite being depressed even back then. I would still be full of life when I was with my friends. I loved to make people laugh. Everyone told me I should be a comedian. I’d get high and have my friends push me in a shopping cart while I went on funny tangeants and got into all sorts of trouble. I can’t even smoke pot anymore. My anxiety is through the roof and if my body feels “off” in any sort of way, I get a panic attack. A really bad panic attack. Anything can set this off from being under the influence of drugs or alcohol and feeling nauseous, especially in public. Anyways. Now I rekindled with one of my old friends but its just not the same. This might sound narsicistic but I’m just trying to be honest. I was always the pretty friend. Now I’m not at all to simply put it. I don’t get compliments anymore. I don’t feel beautiful anymore. In fact, I feel extremely ugly both inside and out. I’m very conflicted and a nervous wreck. I let myself go during that period of isolation and gained a ton of weight. I was already a little chubby before that. So I developed an eating disorder which has really torn me the fuck apart. I lost all the weight but at what cost? I was 5’8 and 160 something pounds at my most. Chubby but not morbidly obese or anything. Now I’m 120 something. I lost all of that by starving myself. I’ve tried to start eating more since I have a job now and I would always feel nauseous after eating. I couldn’t deal with that because like I said, I have an intense fear of throwing up. I don’t need rhat on top of my already crippling anxiety associated with leaving the house. The mental part is still very much there. I still feel absolutely disgusting and never ever good enough. I have a big nose, fat thighs, a flat butt and I’ve lost my beautiful thick hair from starvation. I’m a piece of shit. About the writing thing again, my therapist recently said something while I was talking to her about how I wanted to be an author. She said something along the lines of “are you actually a writer or do you THINK you’re a writer?” That hurt... I’ve been writing for years. As if I didn’t beat myself up over stopping that enough already. Anyways the point is I’m at a low low this past few years. I want to end it all so bad but the problem is, I’m 17 and I live with my mom. She’s single and has been through hell and back and I am her only child. She recently lost her husband, her parents, her brother, her grandma (96) all in the span of half a decade. She’s so strong but not strong enough to deal with finding her dead daughter either purple and swollen up from hanging or bloody and disfigured from shooting myself. I don’t want to destroy her like that. That’s all. I have a friend and a boyfriend but I know for a fact that they would be able to carry on. Not my mother, though. I don’t want to die before her simply because I don’t want to hurt her. I know I won’t have to live with it but I’m not that selfish for fucks sake. I don’t know what to do. Waiting around is really driving me farther and farther into insanity with each passing day. My thoughts have became so dark and violent. I don’t know who the fuck I am anymore. By the way, I am on medication but I don’t see myself switching it since its the only anti depressant that doesn’t cause weight gain. 