I’m running out of ways to distract myself from these thoughtsI lost my job months ago and have nothing to do all day and am losing interest in all the things I enjoy. When my mind rests all of these thoughts start coming in about how this must be the end of the road for me and there’s no point continuing anymore. I don’t have a purpose. I don’t have something that gets me out of bed in the morning. I can’t take being trapped like this anymore. 

Everything going on in the world is too much and I feel like I am contributing nothing by continuing to exist. I had such a good life and had so many privileges but I’ve wasted all of it. I can’t see any kind of future for myself where I’m happy, but also I don’t think my happiness matters in the grand scheme of things. I had always thought of myself as someone who can rise to the challenge of a difficult time in life but now I see that isn’t true. I can’t handle it anymore. I want out. 

But I don’t know how I would even go about ending my life in a way that doesn’t put my partner in danger. He’s in a vulnerable group to covid so I would hate for him to have to have contact with more people than necessary. The other people in my life don’t feel real. They’re just faces on a screen. I don’t interact with anyone in person because of my partner’s health and I’m starting to feel like i don’t exist either. 

I’m always in search of the shiny new thing that will distract me from the dark thoughts even momentarily. Buying things I don’t need with money I don’t have. Finding some kind of food or game that sounds good and my mind kind of goes blank while I make it or play it. But it doesn’t last. I get tired of everything so quickly these days. I am trying to get a job, but I can’t imagine being able to be mentally present enough to work right now. 

I want to tell my partner that I’m barely functioning but I can’t have the only person I ever interact with be looking at me like I’m some kind of glass vase that’s about to break. I already regret telling him about my anxiety. I just want to feel normal for one fucking second.