Why I want to die.A brief overview of where I am right now.

1)	I am unhappy.  This is the most obvious point. I am unhappy now, and I have been for a very long time. Most of the other things listed here are reasons that contribute to why I am unhappy, but at the end of the day this is the most important fact. My unhappiness is mostly a result, however, of the fact that… 

2)	I am under accomplished. Despite having earned my Masters degree and having graduated with honors from two prestigious universities, I am trapped in a dead end job earning minimum wage. Meanwhile, my boss (as in the person who makes more money than me and has power over me in my working environment) is an uneducated child, barely into his twenties.  Yet for all my education, I have nothing to show for it. I want to improve my situation, however…

3)	I am trapped in my own inadequacy. I am cripplingly shy and I simply cannot overcome it. Every time I try, I fail which leaves me feeling even lower than before. But what is worse, because I am shy, I have no one to use as references to help me escape the horrible job I’m in. And because the job I have is only part time…

4)	I am poor. Student debt, coupled with ever increasing bills, while working a part time minimum wage job means that I am losing money faster than I am taking it in. I am not living a substandard life, I am living beneath that. I have no luxuries and nothing to distract me from my misery because things like that cost money I do not have. The only reason I am not homeless right now is because my parents are helping me out, which only contributes to my sense of dependence and worthlessness. Which I could handle if I could just see the light at the end of the tunnel, but unfortunately…

5)	I am without hope. I have been unhappy ever since I left college 6 years ago. Everyone has always told me that things will improve, my life will get better. But it hasn’t. Despite my best efforts, it actually seems to be getting worse. There is no success for me, because I am unable to save any money for my future, because I am unable to get a full time job, because I don’t have anyone who can speak on my behalf, because I’m so shy that it actually hurts to talk to people.  I literally don’t see a way out of my situation except for death.  I have thought about killing myself almost every day for the last 5 years. The thought of continuing to live for another 50 years in misery, working my ass off to help rich CEO’s and shareholders get richer, while I have to choose between eating and buying gas to get to work so I can afford to stave of death for another week has no appeal to me.  This is not a temporary moment of grief. This is a long term misery that  has not gone away or improved.  

What is comes down to is not so much that I actively want to die, it’s more that I cannot keep living as I am but I can’t seem to change things for the better. 

Note: I know that there are a lot of people whose lives are worse than mine, but that doesn't change any of the above facts, nor how I feel about my situation. All it does is add guilt about my misery onto the misery I already have actually making it worse.
