Brought up in a sick world then I lost everything I had worked for when I became schizophrenicAt age six I was abused, then age 12 I was propositioned for sex, then at the same age I was asked to take my top off. At 14 I had a man of 26 interested in me that makes him a pedophile. Then at 17 I had sex with a man of 26 it was wrong and I feel suicidal about it. Then I was taken advantage off in my teen years, then at 22 I was sexually assaulted by a photographer. Not only did he assault me multiple times but he completely ruined my life. I did beautiful modelling work and never wanted to model again. When I was 18 I fell in love with with a man five years older than me and I had never experienced anything like it. We were madly in love and he taught me so much. We smoked weed together and i was already sick from a young age with borderline personality disorders but the weed made me think. It made me think about the world and that we live in a sick twisted world and everyone is sick and evil and I know that my experiences have shaped my beliefs about the world but I truly believe we are over run with evil. That we live on a hell planet. One day after all this and more had happened to me, I was smoking weed and I started hearing a voice, it told me to smoke the weed more and to watch the smoke in the chamber. I thought it was some kind d of spiritual awakening and my third eye had been opened and I was able to access the spiritual world. I still believe that to this day. That this world is not what we think and it could be a world that is so much more beautiful than we can imagine. I started to believe that there was a god and my voices were guiding to become more and more spiritually enlightened. They told me all kind of things. They took me on a journey. They told me to look up a documentary called war dance and I had never heard of it before and it's about the children in Uganda who were forced to murder their parents. I did everything the voice said, or voices, I couldn't tell if it was one or not, told me to do. They told me to get all my slutty underwear and put them all on then it told me that each one represented a sex slave and to throw them in the river. It told me more and it revealed to me what I was like and I don't think it thought I was a good person in a lot of ways. I was told what it was like like to be homeless, I was told to look at the stars and I saw the southern cross over and over again in the same spot. One day I came back to my boyfriend's place and there was always weed there and they told me to smoke the weed again and after that they told me to clean the place which was an absolute pig sty because I had been taken away to hospital, pinned down by 7 men over and over again while I was screaming and begging them not to drug me, that I didn't need drugs that I was on a spiritual awakening and I needed to see these voices or the teacher plant weed through. That the weed and my experiences was teaching me what kind of planet we are really living on and it's full of sickness. So the place was a mess and I cleaned it for hours. My boyfriend was always working and never took care of the home like I did. The voices were helping me they were waking my mind up like ayahausca does. One day the voices told me to open up my gates and let my husky off the lead the voices talked about freedom and that my husky belonged to the universe not me. They told me to follow her into the streets and told me to say come and she came back to me, when she came back to me I was so thankful that she had but then the voices told me to let her go again they were teaching how to train her. I'm a dog trainer by trade and she was already well trained and she loved me dearly. My husky had come from a couple who owned her and I had been training her. I would walk her three times a week and I would take her into the Australian Bush and let her run off lead for hours we walked and ran for hours free in nature like she should be. Like all animals deserve to be. She would follow me everywhere then I would drop her home. One night I was sitting in my garage with my boyfriend, as we live in a small garage where my boyfriend build the bed so it was on the ceiling so we had more space as he is very intelligent, and here was Harley at my door. She had escaped from her owners house and had come to find me so we spent an hour with her before returning her home. After a week or so I got a call from her owners and they said we want you to have Harley because she sits at the gate and howls all night for you. So we took her and she became my dog. She was under socialsed as a puppy and I made her into my little dog training side kick. We went everywhere together I even stopped seeing my friends and my boyfriend and my dog became my life. She helped me train other dogs and came on all the dog walks I did with me. She was my angel and I was doing angel work. I was helping people and she was helping me. I was setting these animals free and giving them a better life and they loved me like I loved them. So I set Harley free like the voices told me to and I got upset because the voices started telling me to walk to the city barefoot to prove my love to my love like the spiritual girl I was but somebody called the pound and I was crying on the floor because I didn't want to go to the city barefoot and they came and took my dog away and took me into hospital. There were signs during my spiritual trip... Like numbers, the voices led me to a house number 69 and they had been telling me to do 69 with my partner as it's equal and beautiful . And we can both get high naturally off oral sex because he used to do it to me all the time and make my mind run wild. The hyper priming that went on in my brain while I was getting oral sex was incredible. I can't think of another sign ATM. Anyway they took my dog away and put her in the pound they said they were going to kill her because she killed a cat but in hospital I prayed for days and for hours and hours on my knees praying to God because the voices told me to and my dad manage to get her sent to a large property in the northern territory to be a pest control dog because there are no dangerous dog laws in the northern territory. God answered my prayers. He saved her through my dad. When I was hearing voices my boyfriend had been ignoring me. It all started after I got back from visiting my mum in the UK I was a lonely person but I had my dog and my boyfriend. There is so much more to the story but I can't tell it all just yet I have thought about writing a book but I'm still dealing with everything that has happened to me. So I was all alone in hospital with the pound trying to kill my dog, my boyfriend who I loved so deeply that I would die for him was ignoring me because he just thought I was sick and couldn't cope with it plus I had set Harley free and he blamed me for losing her and was really really upset about everything because he loved me so deeply. I called him so much that the nurses called me stalkerish but they don't know true love like I do. That we are all slaves to money. Slaves on this planet like my boyfriend had to slave his life away to support us and I never got to see the love of my life in this one lifetime that I get on this planet. I was too Ill to work full-time and we were living in a garage so needed the money. Unless we became completely off the grid like we had planned on doing. It all fell apart I lost my dog, my job when they locked me away, my sanity when they injected me with drugs against my will. These drugs they give you are bad for your soul and your brain and made me feel incredibly ill and stiff and I couldn't shower properly I couldn't move, I couldn't talk properly and they never made the voice go away, the plant that was speaking to me or the God or whatever it was that was speaking to me no amount of drugs made it go away. Then I ran away to England I lost everything and I was so sad so so sad. And I ran to england. I got a flight assesment done and they said I was ok to travel after a month in hospital the voices stopped and they said I could fly to England. So I ran away from the drugs because my doctor said I had to be on the injection for a year but when I got to England, my mum, nan and grandad made me go to the doctor's and made me take my medication which did nothing but make me sick and the doctor said I was far too over medicated and took me off the injections. She still thinks I'm talking the pills but I'm not I haven't told anyone. They block dopamine receptors in your brain and make your brain produce more receptors to compensate when having an over reactive dopamine system is what they think causes schizophrenia in the first place. So the drugs just cause you to have an even more over reactive dopamine system. Not only this but the drugs reduce grey matter in your brain and cause Parkinson's like symptoms. I have not heard the voice again for the month that I have been here except for one hour one night. I have been having terrible nightmares. Nightmares where I have a hole in my stomach and my insides are falling out of it, I was looking at my heart pounding on the ground and my body was made of dead fish. It was strange I've never had a dream like it but I think dreams are spiritual things trying to tell us something. So after all this I have been having thoughts of throwing myself off the cliffs that I live on because I don't see myself ever being happy again. I lost the two loves of my life and I will never see my angel dog again. My spirit animal. And I just can't deal with that. It would probably be better if I my boyfriend hadn't left me before I came to England. The reason I left was because they were going to drug me for a year and my boyfriend broke up with me. I'm just so miserable I think the world is sick and evil and I keep having suicidal thoughts for good reason and I can't take drugs just to pretend that I don't feel this way when it's a completely valid way to feel. I want to die. Part of me doesn't but part of me does and im just so sad. I'm hurting so bad my heart aches and stomach aches and my head hurts and I cry and I stay strong and pretend I can cope but just sometimes I think of throwing myself of a cliff and how much better it would be. Can anyone help me I don't have any friends except my nans dogs and my best friend who is in Australia. I missed a couple of things that happened to me. When I was hearing voices I was told to run through my boyfriend's parents house naked which I did they had all godly ornaments all over the house and the voices told me that it wasn't God and they weren't really truly spiritual people. I ran through the house and into the drive way and they told me to dance in the street like I danced in the strip club and told me if I thought I was so beautiful why I couldn't I dance naked in the street. Another time was I followed my boyfriend to work on the train and the voices told me to do lots of things and I filled him an hour into the city he kept telling me to go home and I just kept following him listening to every little instruction they game me word for word. I went into the city and he went inside the building and I broke into his work and called his name but he ignored me as he was on a call. I left after that and went back to the train station and the voices told me to jump in front of a train but I didn't listen to they then told me tell out that I was being told by my voices to jump in front of a train and two people started following me and they called the police and I was taken to hospital again for more trauma. After I wrote this post I dreamt that I was in a tunnel behind a man on a scooter and I couldn't get past him o started to suffocate on the fumes and in the end I got out of the tunnel and could breathe. This is some kind of sign either advice on how to do it or...not. this is my Instagram https://www.instagram.com/ammiereynolds/