Fucking suicide ducks are always getting whacked out of alignment!When you want to **kill your own self**, it takes quite a few things to line up just right (having your ducks in a row), but every time that happens, something stops me or I stupidly convince myself that life is worth living for my own reasons beyond obligation.

It never is though, not for me.  Every time I fucking turn around, there's dumb bullshit custom made just to fuck me over.  I know there is no god that has it out for me but that doesn't matter, it matters that it seems that way.  

EVERY (and by god I can't make it any clearer how literally I mean that) thing I look forward to gets ruined.  I FINALLY found a wine I like after years of wanting to like wine and now that I found out and JUST got into it, they're out until April.  I got into alcohol so I wouldn't have to deal with this flaky bullshit!  It's not just that obviously, this shit happens ALL THE TIME TO EVERYTHING.  Every god damn thing I love gets taken and I honestly can NOT take it one more second.

I'm so shy that I can't talk to strangers at all and apparently that makes me "mean and crazy" as the guys that have no concept of "ear shot" said.   It seems this world thinks that I, someone just being quiet and minding their own business, deserves to be treated like shit by "Nice people because they talk".  OOOOkay.   I explain how I'm quiet and how people treat me, always downvoted, because I MUST be an asshole right?  I don't know what the fuck people with burns and deformity's are doing to get shit but apparently they deserve it all too since the world thinks it's your fault if everyone treats you like shit no matter what.  

I'm done trying to understand it. How am I wrong for the fact that you get offended by me simply being next to you and not saying anything?  It's beaten into my head that I have no right to get offended when you say something cruel about it, so why the fuck is being quiet such a god damn sin?  I was made this way by those same assholes, why should I give a fuck?  Oh your sad because I sat here and played on my phone instead of paying you attention?   Yeah well I did that because experience has taught me that if I say the wrong thing, which I do all the time, I'll get my head ripped off, so cry me a damn river and come to me when someone actually is mean to you.  I wasn't fucking like this before people started their damn shit.  Yeah NOW I am a bit of an asshole but I can't do anything about it, I'm protecting myself.  I can't stop being so angry and bitter...

How can I stop being angry when I am angry because I am alive?   I have been mentally checked out for the past 10 years at least, since I decided to give up talking for the most part since it always got me in trouble.   I'm the most dead inside person you'll ever meet. 

I'm obviously not a productive member of society unless you count being good at my factory job as that, I'm not very friendly, and I am not capable of forming healthy and lasting relationships.  The only thing that keeps me going is serial monogamy but I can't do that anymore.  The guy I'm with now told me he's mostly with me because he doesn't want me to hurt myself and that he loves me and won't be happy alone or with anyone else.  I don't have the confidence to date anyone ever again after this and I don't know how to get through the loneliness that's coming up whenever he decides to leave me again.  

My reward for sticking around and toughing it out?  Dementia.  It's guaranteed (hypothyroidism...which means fuck canada and and the north places with healthcare...yet another thing life ruins for me) If I keep drinking like this (and I will, not stopping for nothing) I'll probably end up with chronic pancreatitis rather than liver failure because the world hates me.  If I end up with that, I'll have to die, no matter what.  Look at that diet, tell me how much you want to live like that.  I really don't want to kill myself, but my life is indisputably over and worthless.  I don't even like typing those words because of the stigma.  My ex made it pretty obvious I was a pyscho nobody should ever date and I was pretty naive about the stigma until then.  

My ex can call me crazy, but I think it's logical that an idiot with severe anger issues who fucks lives up should just stop existing, especially since that's ALL THEY EVER REALLY WANTED.  I feel like I'm being held fucking hostage and I'm pissed.  I. don't. want. to. exist.  I am DONE.  

I'll have to wait until he leaves me again though, and then dumbfucks will assume a 28 year old has nothing but a boy on her mind that's why she murdered her own fucking self.  Clearly there was nothing else on the mind of someone around for 28 years, nope, it was the break up and JUST the break up.  I want to do it after breakups because it's yet another confirmation that I can't make a person happy, while removing my only support at the same time, and the emotion gives me the motivation do the thing I've always wanted to do, what's so hard to figure out about that?   People who have been suicidal seem to even get dumb about it once they've recovered.  Nobody kills themselves over just a break up, you need to severely lack coping skills do that and that is what kills the person and they would have done it had it been something else devastating, obviously.  

I almost did it a couple years ago.  Never though I would get to that point I'd be fully gungho about it, but I was finally.  I didn't lock the door though and my ex came barging and and stupidly talked me out of it.  I tried to get him to leave, tried to not hear it, but I did and god fucking damn it, I missed my chance.  I'd have been free, my bf would be free, nobody would have had to put up with my shit.  Fucking idiot! 

Next time I'm locking the door.  This NEEDS to happen. I don't want it to but my brain is fubared whether I like it or not and unless I can get a new one, I'm out.  I have NO interest at all in being here.
