I can’t be a NURSE; I might commit suicideI want to kill me self. This was my first semester in nursing school. (I have a BA bIology already. I can’t really do anything with that.) It was bad, I was having a hard time getting the concepts and the application process. I kept scoring in the 70s range on my test. On top of that I moved back in with my parents. It had been good me and my mom argue a lot. I have a background of depression. Just two years ago my obgyn gave me my first script for it. I didn’t like the way the pills made me feel after a while (holding things in then blowing up) so I didn’t take them long. I figure I’ve been living with it this long. I mean since high school. Back to me being home. We argue over small things and it blows up, or her past traumas that are effecting me. When me and her aren’t argueing its my mom and dad. Or maybe me and my youngest sibling. I feel like this home environment is not helping me. It was hard to concentrate or study here. I just don’t feel comfortable in this house. I feel like I’m too old to be back at home. People in this house make sure that I definitely kno it too without outright saying it. For school had our final the other day. In order to pass the semester I needed an 84. I made and 81. Covid19 hit and a lot of other programs has been helping their students out. Ours really haven’t. They didn’t curve the test or anything like the lpn program they have did. We can’t even see what we missed online because we’re at home. I fail the semester by 1 point. I can’t go back until 2021.. I finally figured out what I wanted to be in life and I fail. No this isn’t my first failure but by 1 point average! You have to make a 78% I have a 77%. I feel stupid how do you fail by 1%. Everybody said not to go to this school because they’re program is the hardest for RN. I should have listened. I cried a lot. I hyperventilated a lot. I sweated a lot today. I feel like shit. I want to just kill my self. I’m too old to be failing. I’m too old not to have a career. I quit a good job (customer care advice for Medicaid) to do this shit. I gave up my money my apartment my peace to do this. I’m literally broke with bills still. I feel worthless. While I was hyperventilating I was hoping I’d passed out and die. I want to die. I want to kill myself. I just want it to be in a less painful way then cutting.