I wasn't sure where else to put this (long, sorry)So last night I was feeling pretty depressed and down about myself. I've been suicidal for a couple of months now and I can't figure out why exactly I am suicidal but I just know I can go only a couple of hours without thinking about killing myself. But this came to my mind last night and I could not figure out anywhere else to put it. I hope you guys don't mind that I put this here but this is a subreddit I feel safe in and feel I can express myself without judgement. (Also if you guys know of a place where I can put things like this, I would love to know about it)

I could be beautiful.
I could be...but I'm not. In today's society beauty for women takes a lot of time. Hair, makeup, diet, and all of that. But I believe that time should be used for something more productive. And I'm someone who believes more in nature than in beauty. I do not believe we humans are meant to put things on us to cover our skin or spend hours on hair only for it not to look the same later in the day.

Unfortunately the kind of beautiful I want to be is the kind that puts hours into their hair and makeup. It's something I have been taught to deem as beauty and I hate it. I hate that I find this beautiful and spend almost all of my time defying this beauty. I do not wear make up. I only brush my hair and move on. My clothing is not seductive but comfortable and my personality is not bubbly but stubborn. I do not want young girls to feel they need to cover up their own nature to be beautiful. And I find it wonderful that they are learning that they don't need to, and heartbreaking that it seems too late for me to learn this. 

I spend hours a day with my boyfriend's 10 year old sister. She used to spend time on her hair and ask sometimes to wear makeup and perfume and wear all kinds of clothing but after four years, she does not do this. She brushes her hair, wears what is comfortable, and bathes to smell nice. That is it. And I'm so proud of her. She does not feel ugly when she does this because she is young and I have continued to tell her of her beauty every time I see her.

So I could be beautiful...but I want to be so much more than that.