I finally told my grandmother she's the very reason I want to die.She has long been antagonizing me and my family. My mom is not her favorite child and she can't accept that her son has forgotten about her. Her son always says he will take her from our country to the US where he and his family lives now but they never did. They never even told my grandmother that my cousin got married already. We take care of her, feed her, and give her stuff she wants and we're still evil in her eyes. She likes to twist our words and actions so she will look like the protagonist in a terrible drama. She likes to make us look like we're ganging up on her but she doesn't really have the right or the need to know if we fight among ourselves. We do everything for her and we're still not good enough. Everyday she makes us feel worthless. I always feel like I am not doing enough for my family or that I'm not being a good person when I try my best to be. I keep quiet even if I want to scream and stay still even if I want to kill them all. I hold everything in so I won't be a burden. My grandmother likes to play favorites and if she has a favorite among me and my siblings it's me. My siblings doesn't like it when she's being unnecessarily extra nice to me like giving me food while my siblings watch or making me a drink while my siblings watch. She expects me to side her and i don't want to take sides at all. I want her to die but because she's a resilient motherfucker I would rather die myself. She's the greatest reason I hate waking up at all.

Today they fought and I screamed at her. I told her she's the reason I want to die and she just kept quiet. I screamed so loud the neighbors heard. I screamed so loud 15 minutes later my throat still hurts. She's crying I think. I hate seeing her cry because it's annoying. She can shut her trap and suffer quietly. If I can do it why can't she? I am shaking and I am mad but I am just sitting still. I want either of us to die and get this over with. Whether she goes first or I go first doesn't matter. Just want to end the suffering already. 

To any of you who suggests I should move out which my therapist keeps telling me, it's not easy. I need a month advance and a month deposit while paying bills. We're already paying for our current house as it is. Also it's not easy to do that in a third world country.