What's wrong with me?Hi.

Meds: prozac 60mg
Past meds: zoloft, celexa, effexor, mirtazapine, seroquel.

Most recent crisis: last Sunday I tried to slice my wrists with a Santoku kitchen knife. Just sat on the couch with the knife ready on my wrist to slice listening to some music for about 10 mins before giving up.

Daily thoughts: I sing in my head and sometimes out loud disgusting things. Stuff like fucking donkeys or donkeys fucking you. I often take real world songs and lyrics and change them to disgusting lyrics. Only I find it funny. I sometimes make jokes like... how can a man aid in childbirth... get a boner and stick it in her pussy just before she's about to push... then the baby can hopefully have something to hold on to on its way out. Yeah... disgusting. Vile. Horrific. But it makes me laugh. I was bullied and beaten up daily at school years ago. I actively try to find the guy that did it all not to beat him up.. but to tie him up and let him watch me beat the shit out of his kid or kids... fuck it... maybe I'll rape them too. Whatever will hurt him the most. I used to go to a kids gym after school and the owner would bully me... tell my mum I stole stuff when I never did. She locked me out the house for a whole night. He regularly beat me. He even once pulled another kids pants down and whizzed him around a trampoline saying "hey girlies this is what a cock looks like wahoo". I recently found him on Facebook and threatened him. I told him his time is coming and that one day he will regret everything he did. I'm also obese and eat a lot of ice cream. I'm only 5 foot 6 but I'm 95 kilos.

Reality: deep down I know something is wrong. Seriously fucking wrong and I know what I think and do all day is wrong... but I always have one side of me telling me... to do it all... because it's justice. It's what they all deserve. I try meds... therapies... listen to my wife reasoning with me when I say or do things... but it always seems to get ignored.

What I want: help. Please help me.