Going to court tomorrow am tempted to just end my life tonightSo I am a university student, currently in my first year studying geography. I suffer from depression and sometimes have suicidal tendencies (never actually tried anything though, just constant thoughts when I do have these moments).

 On the 22nd of last month I did something stupid, I took a couple tabs of LSD because a friend said I would have a good time and it might help me be happy. So I tried it, my first time ever with drugs and I took 5 tabs of LSD...


I lost my mind.


I ended up getting sent to the police station after going out into the streets and apparently assaulting a mother and child and also damaging some property . Thank god all I did was slap the child. The mother beat the living day lights out of me and I cant barely remember a thing. I just remember getting sent to the police station, getting strip searched because I told them I was going to kill myself and finally waking up with no idea where I was, how I got there or why I was here. I was still tripping on the LSD too.
Ended up having to admit to everything and getting a solicitor help me out in the interview. Tomorrow is the court date and I feel like crying. Honestly I don't know what to do, I am living over at a friends without the landlords approval (basically I am still living in halls and if security finds out I am here they will call the police and I will be in even more trouble) though really I have no where else to go, not enough money for a hotel and not the guts to tell my parents. I have not told my parents because they will disown me and I am tempted to just slit my wrists and be done with it. Also might I add the country I am studying in is not my home country so I need to get my plane flight home eventually and I don't even know what the court will decide for me tomorrow. I don't know how I might explain to my parents finally that I might not be able to go home for the summer since I might need to serve prison time.

Any advice to help a troubled and confused 19 year old that does not know what to do would be much appreciated.