I Can Feel My Friend SlippingHey ya'll. As the title says, I have a friend and I can see that they're starting to slip closer and closer to ending their life... I've been friends with them for a bit over a year and a half and they quickly grew to be one of my best friends. They have trauma brought about by unsupportive family from when they were a child (as well as not being very supportive now, most the time making things worse with things like "we all have issue, why are you taking medication, suck it up..." that kind of mentality), long-standing physical and emotional abuse from a past s/o, abandonment issues, and bipolar depression. She has been trying to find the right medication for her depression, but the last one she tried wasn't a good match, so due to that, along with being on her pain medication from surgery, she's currently not on an anti-depressant. As she's told me (and I've witnessed), I'm really her only true friend that she can talk to about any issues and her not be/feel judged.

Recently, she had surgery and is dealing with the feeling of being useless due to having to rest, which more than a handful of times, lead to her agitating her wounds. Due to that added stress on top of her every-day stress and a few more, she's been lashing out at me. The other day she had a breakdown and took her anger out on me over making sure that she had therapy scheduled. She sent me a message, which she later rescinded after calming down, saying that we were no longer friends. While I'm used her lashing out like this, it does still wear one down.

The following day when she calmed down, we talked about it and, being open and honest with her, I explained that I was becoming worn down and that it does hurt, noting that I'm not sure how much I can take of it. It was taken, essentially, as me choosing to abandon her and now she's struggling to believe the things that I've said (and done) about wanting to help her over our relationship.

I feel like I don't really know what else I can do to help the situation or get her the help that she needs... she lives in an area where the therapy that she can get is of bad quality bad and not as frequent as she needs. I'm just looking for suggestions or some guidance on how to further help her with this situation. She got REALLY close last night to ending it and was saying anything further is probably going to push her over the edge.

Thank you for any responses or help that ya'll can think of.

&amp;#x200B;

TL;DR Friend of mine with multiple factors enhancing her bipolar depression is on the verge of ending it... they have few resources and multiple attempts already and say they do not trust their best friend that they trusted the most (me). Any helpful suggestions, recommendations, comments, etc. are incredibly appreciated.