My StoryI'm just doing this in hopes it might save someones life, I already got my stuff worked through.
  
   In the summer between 6-7th grade is when my life went on a downward spiral. DCFS, Division of Child Family Services, randomly showed up at my house with no warning and asked to come in. My mom let them in and to this day I will never understand why. Anyways, mom and the investigator butted heads bad and started a power play like thing. So with DCFS up our asses with no real reason why, I went to my first day of Jr. High School. It wasn't that bad. First semester went pretty good. DCFS still was hounding us over nothing and my mom was asked to take a psychological evaluation. On this particular day I had a bad day at school. On my moms way to go to the eval. She had asked me to clean the living room and I replied with a simple "Fuck you." She went out the door and I took a nap on the couch. I woke around 7:30 pm and my dad was talking with his brother Darren. Something was wrong, my dad was crying. Darren told me that mom had a deep brain bleed. I didn't know what to do. I ran for half a mile and walked home. I was so stressed, school meant nothing grades slipped. It got so bad that my pancreas pretty much shut down I got real sick for 2.5 weeks. Dad thought it was the flu. I was Diabetic pretty much over night. Darren took me and my sister to Inter-mountain Health Care for treatment. They got my blood sugar down from about 600 to around 300 and they sent me to Primary's for the education and whatnot and to get my blood sugar down to where its supposed to be. Fast-forward to 8th grade, my mom was out of IHC and into a Rehabilitation center. My dad was unable to pay for the medical cost now so my mom has to come home. She was paralyzed on the left side, because of this she was in a wheelchair and couldn't enunciate anything. She was home for about 4 and a half days. One day she just wouldn't wake up. Dad called 911 they showed up and performed CPR it wasn't working so they loaded her up on a stretcher and away she went. I didn't go. I couldn't stand it, seeing her in the hospital again, it was too painful. She passed away 12-23-09. I went to school after winter break and tried to tell my friend. It took me almost a month to write a note to her, everytime I did it crumpled it up and threw it away. Skip forward to 10th grade. I never dealt with my moms death. I just bottled it up and left it there. 10 grade almost killed me.  I thought I had met the man of my dreams. He turned out to be a player. He told me all these sweet things like 'you're so pretty' and shit of that nature, after our 3rd month he cheated and dumped me like trash on the side of the road. I had loved him so much I couldn't bear to know that he hadn't felt the same way. I was cutting since the time of my moms deep brain bleed, but it was always small and never deep, this time it was around 30 cuts and about half were pretty deep. I tried to forget him and failed hard. I lost all reason for life. March 8th I left school early, went home, and took 120 units of insulin. I texted my friend goodbye. She saved my life. The police got to my house and my blood sugar was 34, which is supposed to be a coma. They saved me and sent me to a care facility they got me the help I need. When I got out I met an amazing guy, we've been together for over a year now. And I am so glad that I didn't die that day. My life will never be perfect but right now its pretty damn close. If you would've asked me last year I never would've guessed that I'd have come so far. 

        The reason why I am posting this is to say that life gets sooo much better. It really does. Don't ever give up. Everyone dies eventually why not live it to the fullest. Eventually it does get better. 
