Why bother? Please help meI’ve recently began thinking what’s the point? I’ve always had a belief that the point of life was to make a difference to other people, even if it was just something small like holding a door open for a stranger. Recently I don’t see the purpose. They will forget. We will forget. Everyone will die. Nothing we do matters. The world is so selfish and one side of me wants to be selfish because maybe then I’d feel better but the other side says that’s a horrible way to live. But I can’t understand it. What’s the point of being nice to people? So they don’t hurt? They’re going to die anyway. Isn’t it better to just get it over with? 

People always say we have to live past the bad things to see the good things. What if we just got rid of both. In death there isn’t bad or good. It’s just eternal rest. But even that isn’t a good escape because you won’t be conscious to appreciate being able to rest. 

If there is a god, or some higher power, why did they design for bad things to happen? In the Christian religion god made Adam and Eve and then kicked them out of Eden when they went against his will. But if god is all powerful and all knowing he should have known that they would eat the fruit. Did he create it for the soul purpose of letting them eat it and damning humanity? Why are the descendants being tortured? It’s like if you are born to bad parents does that make you bad? 

There are so many unfair things in life and I want to fix it so people can be happy but there’s just no point. People will never be fully happy. Humans are just pests destroying our home. How can the universe be so cruel as to create life but have no purpose. So what if the species survives? That’s supposed to be the main point of life in animals right? Reproduction? But why does that matter because eventually our earth won’t exist. 

I read a comic on the purpose of life and the person described it as a donut. She said you eat the donut because you enjoy it, even though it will end when you finish it. But the thing with donuts is, after you finish it, if you want another, you can get another. You can control how long you savour it. Life isn’t like that. There is no control over the important things. 

I’m just feeling so suicidal lately. I need some sort of purpose. I don’t want to die but it’s becoming too much. Everything hurts. There are so many sad things. I just don’t want to deal with it anymore. 

Sorry for writing something so long. I don’t deserve your answers, but I hope you’d be willing to share them with me. 