First time here, not the first time having thoughts.Going through most of the recent post, I felt at home. I got this good feeling that people are gong through what I am going through(sounds sick, but whatever). I've been fighting my depression for 11 months now and, at the moment, I don't feel like I'm going to make it.
It started while I was in overseas in Bagram, Afghanistan. Around the Christmas time, we got mortared a lot. It marked my first year in the Army and my first deployment. As I when on through the weeks, performing my duties to the best of my abilities, I began to feel down. I was overwhelmed with a feeling of nothingness. I thought nothing of it. 
In January, I got word that my grandfather died and was given emergency leave to be with my family. I didn't want to go, but was pushed by my command to go. I arrived and was greeted by some folks at the airport and then my family. It felt good to be home. 
Before I go to this next part, I feel the need to explain that my mother was both a mother and a father figure to me. I have never seen her cry or show any signs of weakness. But the night before the funeral, she broke down in front of everyone. She could barely keep here feet. I didn't know what to do. I kept asking here what was wrong, but she kept crying. I got angry, sad, then frustrate. I yelled at her, telling her to shut up and tell me what's wrong. I ended up leaving the house and walked as far as I could. When I stopped, my uncle was behind me and proceeded to have a talk with me. He told me that all I have to do is be there for her. I returned and did as I was told.
My leave was over and I found myself back in Afghanistan. When I got back, I told myself that I was not going to let what I've gone through effect my work ethics. I got back asking for work and doing everything I can to keep busy. There was something wrong. I was not the same and I can feel it...hear it. I started to get these random chatters in my hear as if I was in a crowded room of people trying to speak to each other. It would get so loud. It brought out headaches and later I became anti-social. One day it got so unbearable that I placed my M16 in my mouth and threaten to shoot if it didn't stop. My command found out about this and decided to Medevac me(get sent back to the states).  
I thought I was going to get better. Thought that it was only cause by me being over there. But it followed me back home. The last few months I've suffered from panic attacks, major depression, and some signs of bipolar. I've been planing on taking my life earlier, but I couldn't deal with bringing my family such pain. My girlfriend, or what I thought she was to me, just broke up with me. I have no real friends or anything. Those that call me friend do so because of the things I've done for them/bought for them, but when I'm in need I'm left alone(like now). I can't cry due to the medication but I feel so sad. There is a kitchen knife that I've been eying for the past month. I want it to pierce my heart to take all the pain away. I thought about driving my car into a truck, but I don't want other people to get hurt and not to mention, my car is my only friend. 
I just don't know what to do. I don't think I have much longer to live. 