I hate this so muchIdk.   I took a throwaway even thought I've posted here before because I always have a filter.  I'm trying to stop it.  But I constantly sound pathetic without it.  I'm transgender mtf, so that makes life that much more horribile. 

I feel so worthless.  I'm not pretty.  I probably never will be. I thought I was smart, then I fell apart in college and tried to kill myself and as a result ended up dropping out.  So I'm a stupid ugly college dropout screwup, I work a minimum wage job, I struggle not to self harm and I spend my nights in tears until I finally fall asleep. 

I've abandoned any semblance of my old religion, now I pray 'to whoever may be listening, good or bad, god or satan or Buddha, or Bokonon, or Tempus Spatium or whoever'.  Every night.  I only ever want one thing.  I swear I'll do anything.  I'll sacrifice everything.  I just want to be a girl, why the fuck is that so bad. 

Then there's the loneliness.  I'm so screwed up.  I'm a trans girl, lesbian.  And I've done stupid stupid things because I couldn't stand being alone.  Put myself in terrible situations and screwed my life up even more.  I guess I'm more of a girly girl, in that I really want to have a fairytale love.  I don't care about sex.  In fact, from my experience sex is terrible, frustrating, and terrifying.  But I do want to be held, and kissed and loved.  I want to love somebody back, and be with them forever.  Its naive.  

Even besides everything else life seems so pointless.  I go to work for 40 hours a week so I can be unable to afford a place on my own, and live with my dad and stepmom who hate me being here, and I'm paying off massive medical bills from my attempt, and student loans from the semester I failed completely.  

I hate the rat race idea.  I don't want to spend 90% of my time at a shitty job so I can turn around and hand off 90% of my money to random places for basic needs like a house or water or food.  I can't afford new clothes, so I've got the same Tshirts and jeans from junior high school.  Every month new things come up.  

Oh, your car fell apart again, oh you need to do emissions testing, time to renew your licence and registration, and also don't forget gas prices went up, and your job cut your hours, and your heater is falling apart and you need to change the AC filters, and the wiring in your house is faulty, by the way, and in the end I'm just sitting at my desk thinking, oh its ok, if I don't have money for food I won't eat and thats good because I'll lose weight.  

Oh boy and then I end up not eating for days until I about fall apart at work which gets me in trouble.  and I can afford food.  I just hate it.  

At this point I really don't know why I even exist, why I even try.  

I'm nobody, I'm nothing, I'm broken and nobody will miss me.  Even if I live on, complete college, get a job, etc, it doesn't matter.  One day I'll die and then what does it matter.  someday I'll dissapear from the earth completely, I'll be forgotten, and there isn't a god or afterlife because nobody ever answers me.  And if they do exist I hate them.  More than anything in the world I hate them.  

Why the fuck can't I just be happy.  Why is life so shit.  Its not worth it.  This world is horrible and terrible and humans are evil and selfish and god is either dead, or deserves to be.  We kill eachother because we disagree.  We continue to annihilate the world we live in because since we're in charge we can make decisions.  The governments and powerful people only care about themselves, or their immediate family.   

This whole world is stupid and I hate it and I'd rather die than have to deal with it anymore. 

Hey, if religion is right I'll see god, and either I wont want to be a girl anymore or I will be one.  Either way I'll supposedly be happy.  If their wrong I wont be around to regret it, or feel bad about it.  

This is so stupid.  I don't want to be rich or famous, or powerful. I just want to be happy.  Maybe I'm just super spoiled but I'm so damn tired of how much shit I have to do , how much everything costs, and how screwed you are regardless of what you do.  Congrats on finishing college, have fun doing the most menial and pointless version of whatever you studied.  

Fucking hell.  I just want to hide under my bed so everybody will leave me alone, but I can't do that because the ground the bed sits on costs too much, and I'd better pay those debts I 'needed to go into for my future' or ya know, lawsuits, jail, etc.  S'all good.  