15 years of severe depression, but chronic pain may finally send me over the edge.I've been having chronic lower back pain and sciatica for 1.5 years now. Recently it's gotten worse to the point of taking away what little quality of life I had. Saw a chiropractor who did an x-ray and discovered it's a lateral pelvic tilt that's causing it. I felt relieved and hopeful thinking I would be able to fix this and move on with my life.

A month later and it's gone back to the initial pain I started with. Had to stop going to the chiropractor because I can't afford it anymore. Unemployed, no insurance, etc. I do the prescribed exercises but they don't help. I've tried cold packs and cold showers to reduce inflammation, but the pain comes right back. All I can do is sit here, unable to do anything while my lower back aches, my leg muscles are constantly irritated and my feet burn. The only relief is sleep, so perhaps I should sleep forever.

I no longer have a reason to live anymore. In addition to the pain, I'm completely alone. No family that gives a shit about me, no significant other (still a virgin at 28), no friends, etc. Basically, if I died in my apartment, no one would notice for several months. In addition, if I don't get a job by the end of the year, I'm homeless with nowhere to go, so out on the street. All in all, it feels like the closing chapter of my life is finally here. Can't even enjoy meaningless distractions like video games now because of the pain, so there's no reason to wake up anymore.

I think about suicide more often than most people think about what they're going to wear. Cowardice has kept me here over the years, but this awful pain might just be what I need for that extra "confidence boost" to finally step outside and go right off the balcony. It's a 3-story drop onto concrete, which I think should be enough if it's a clean fall and my head bounces off the pavement.

It won't be today, but if this pain continues like this, it will probably be soon. I just want my fucking life back, and if I can't have that, then I'm gone.