how to handle anything at all/help parents understand what depression is?so I've been in bed for about 6 days now, have just kind've completely checked out at this point. 

when i get like this my parents try flipping between compassion and weird motivational speak, but the condescension and animosity they line their phrases with is kind've mind-blowing to be honest. 

i made the mistake of buying into that bullshit spiel about reaching out™™™ and telling someone™™™™ ™(because my life is so fucking sacred™™™™™™) by asking my mom if i could see someone asap

i get that she and my father are frustrated, I've been through over a half dozen therapists and tried at least a dozen different medications at this point, and I'm a pretty fucking pathetic kid for someone to produce 

but her response just really sucked. she said there was no use trying any medication or therapy at this point because up till now it hasn't worked, so here on out it's "up to me" whether i live life or not 

i dont think they're privy to my constant suicidal ideations, but this was really just about the dumbest thing I've heard yet. at least they used to lace their bullshit motivational phrases with less repugnancy "some therapists/meds just aren't a good fit!!" "gotta keep trying!!!!" 

the notion that i just cherish not having the motivation to shower or leave my bed is frankly the most backwards thing I've heard from them, and really goes to show how little regard they seem to have for mental illness as a whole 

i would fucking looooooooove to just plaster on a big fucking smile and actually mean it for once, get up in the morning, every morning, and just manage to do something billions of other people seem to flawlessly manage. i would absolutely love this. they flat out said they "[didn't] think i liked to work which is why i was avoiding school" (???) 

christ so basically there is no more "reaching out" because they're tired of dealing with me. believe me i get it. I'm just grateful no one can say i didnt try. considering they dont seem to be interested in continuing to pursue psychotherapy, because, y'know, we've totally done literally everything medicine has to offer, and at this point i just gotta get my game face on!!! :)))))

i get that they're fucking tuckered out, i sure as hell am. but i feel like this at the very least prevents them from license to grieve. because i really do not know what else to do at this point. 

i would love to be just dandy, i would. but how the fuck? 

sorry if you've read this far, i assure you that it was a massive waste of your time 