I don’t know what else to do, thought I’d try thisDepression and suicidal thoughts are nothing new to me; I tried to strangle myself when I was 11 years old, struggled with self harm throughout high school, and my father took his life 3 days before my 18th birthday. I’m 22 now and have struggled on and off with substance abuse and have not been able to hold down a job longer than 6 months, simply because I come to hate every place I work. 

I’ve been in and out of community college and changed my path numerous times, but this semester I just gave up about 3 weeks before finals and didn’t even end up taking them. I spent the night in a crisis center last year and was medicated for about 2 or 3 months before going off the meds (with no advice to do so) and no longer attending therapy. I switched the meds for alcohol and psychedelics and basically wasted the entire year numbing myself to the point of blacking out several nights a week.

All this to say, I have been seriously considering ending my life this week, to the point that I don’t even feel in control of anything and feel afraid when driving that I’ll just snap and drive into a wall or off a bridge. Nothing brings me joy. I don’t feel passionate about anything anymore. I spend a lot of time just laying and wishing I could will myself out of existence. I don’t want to feel this way, and my life could be so much worse than it is, I’m truly just exhausted and feel that I’m not here for anything. 

I’m ashamed of who I am as a son, a brother, and a friend. I have done nothing decent or productive and I only wish I could make my friends and family proud of me, and to know that I’m okay. But I almost never am and never have been and I feel like I only weigh the people in my life down. The one and only thing that has stopped my from taking my life up to this point is imagining what it would do to my Mom and my brother, being that we already lost my dad this way. 

This ended up being very long, and I doubt it will be read in full, but I’m not comfortable being this vulnerable with anyone in my real life right now.