What if suicide is the RIGHT choice?Every therapist or suicide hotline I've talked to keeps trying to get me talking about my life. But what if my life is not the issue. It's my death that obsesses me.

It's like you're stuck in a really long, difficult video game. You've tried hack 'n slash, you've tried upgrading your avatar, you've tried seeking the oracles for wisdom. Sure, you've had some fun times in the game. But how long will you keep playing? Is anyone even keeping score? What else is there? What continents lie outside of Skryim? Who's playing this game, and can we ever know them? What if we're a bored god and this life is just a suffering simulation? What if we're just making it all up as we go? If you're swamped in the pits of a no-longer-that-fun video game, what do you do?--- ALT-F4. 

I'm sick of waiting. I'm tired of patience. I'm surprised there aren't hordes of people running and screaming in the streets, hysterical about the impermanence of life. YOU ARE GOING TO DIE. How can you not obsess over that? And it could happen so easily, so suddenly.

Sure, there are "consequences." Like, loved ones who will be distraught. Landlord will have a mess to clean. Someone will have to care for my pets. But if death is mere oblivion, I won't be around to regret or bemoan such things. 

And what if it all never really existed? What if all this "life" was just figments of a bored god's imagination? I just imagined sensations and randomness around me, and made up explanations for everything and called it "learning." 

Maybe this is an experiment. A simulation. An ant farm. Take our awareness and limit it--construct rules and laws to define our universe, and funnel our consciousness into mortal vessels. Make them use things like "language" and "reproduction" to carry on an ideology. Look at these humanlings, see how they thrash about! What if the ultimate lesson of "life" is that a divided consciousness inevitably leads to war, strife, disease, delusions, and despair? 

Or, mostly likely and mostly depressingly-- life is as crazy and chaotic as it seems, and there is nothing left for us when we die. So life is cruel cruel tease.

I want to find out. Or find out that I can't find out. Either way, I'm typing this post because societal conditioning has led to me to think that reaching out for help is what i'm supposed to do before taking any drastic measures, like slitting my wrists in a warm bath tomorrow evening.

I think what I really need is permission to kill myself.