I Need Help..This isn't a suicide note... I've tried before, I've thought about it a lot, but I've never seen the point in speaking from beyond the grave.
My whole life has hurt. From a young age I've felt lost, unimportant. Insignificant. My earliest memories of my life are of my father hitting me and raging on my mother. In preschool I was sad, before anyone should have even been able to feel sadness.

Years went on. My family life was a constant debacle. An insurmountable object without point or purpose, arguing and fighting and drug abuse in my young parents. I was always above average in school, but I pursued this myself and never received any guidance or help from my parents. I never had a role-model, I never saw the adults around me as people I aspired to be like.

But now I'm 20. I go to college, and everyday I find myself feeling a little bit more lost than I have been in years. I find myself partying pointlessly and sleeping with people I don't care about every weekend. I've only really cared about one girl in my life, the girl that showed me I was capable of love. That I was capable of something bigger than myself and my own self-pity.. That perhaps one day I could make a life and family to compensate for the lack of a connection I had when I was younger..

I went to college and left her at high school, and now in my sophomore year she tells me that our time spent together when I thought I knew what love with was really just a sham. She cheated on me, and maybe I deserved it. Maybe it doesn't matter, regardless of how I feel the shallowness of modern man seems to always shine through and I understand that. Life is a series of experiences, some bad and some good.

But I can't help but feel that mine consists purely of the bad. I've lost my will for school. I've lost my will to get out of bed. I've lost the will to do anything but get wasted and stop thinking for a little while. I've developed a huge habit for acid, which I take multiple times a week to feel something a little bit closer to an alternate reality where love and beauty and understanding are the principles of everyone. But I lie to myself, I ignore my studies and my friends in favor of a high and a quick fuck.

My life is literally pointless. I don't see a point. I don't see the point in sex. I don't see the point in drinking. I don't see the point in thinking when all it consists of are memories of a time when I was happy and aspirations to one day become somebody quite unlike who I am now.

I want to die. I'm far too much of a pussy to end it all, but it's all I think about. The consequences. How it would affect the people around me. If life without me would really be so bad for the people around me. Maybe they would miss me, but who really cares in the end? Everyone dies anyway. We're all the same organic matter, and if it's a miracle that we're all here anyway then why does it seem to me like the only miracle I'll ever experience lies in the absence of my senses?

I don't know if this even makes sense. I don't know if my grammar is up to par as per when I'm sober, but i do know that the feeling of sobriety is leeching itself into that which has become my escape. There is no escape, and I just need someone to talk to.. How do I get out of bed when there's no chance of feeling anything even moderately close to accomplishment or importance in the course of a given day?

Sorry for my pointless sob story.. I can't even shake the feeling that I don't belong here. Like everything I've said just doesn't even matter. I don't know who I am..