Not sure what to doI'm twenty years old, just getting my life started. Graduated highschool in 2009, and it seems like since my senior year began everything just went downhill.

My parents are the problem, through and through, and it's gotten to the point where I just can't handle it any more. This is the third time I've written this. Gone over the character limit several times over both times that I've tried to make this post. 

So to make a long story very short my parents are drug addicts and have been for the past few years. In january 2009, middle of my senior year, my parents lost their jobs and started selling pills to pay the rent. They ended up addicted and things went downhill fast. My mom got 6 jobs within the next four months and was fired from all of them for either stealing or being too strung out to work. She got arrested for a DUI. When I graduated I used my money from graduation to buy a car. $3,500 in all, for the car, getting it on the road, work that I had to do on it, and things that I bought for it. Got a job at a gas station full time 40 hours a week, 2nd shift. Didn't get to keep any of the money, my parents took my pay every week, and I naively allowed them to thinking they'd pay me back as the agreement was that they were borrowing it. I gave up my friends for that job, because I thought I was doing right by my family, helping pay bills and whatnot. I didn't have time for friends. Worked 2nd shift 2-10 every day, and had Tuesday/Wednesday off. Can't make plans for days when your friends are working. So although I thought I was doing right by my family, in reality every dime I gave my parents went to buy pills. We moved in with my grandparents, as we couldn't afford the rent on our house. I quit my job, as I got sick of working and not having any money. At this point my friends had stopped speaking to me. I didn't see any of them often, and I was depressed, so when we did hang out I wasn't exactly my usual self. Left my car at our old house, since I couldn't pay the insurance on it, and therefore had to take it off the road. My parents sold it without telling me about it. Parents guilted me into giving them my $4800 tax return ($1800 of which was from working, and the rest from claiming my little sister as a dependent) so that they could get an apartment. I felt like I had no choice because, before I even got the taxes, my parents told the entire family that I was going to give the taxes to them to get us an apartment. My grandparents were incredibly relieved, as we'd been living off of them and they were sinking. They couldn't afford to do it any more. 

So we got a new apartment. That was $1300 of the $4800 tax return. The rest they used to buy pills. Unbeknownst to me, my parents put the utilities and lease in my name. My mom got credit cards in my name, with her as the secondary on the application. They started popping more pills than ever. They were so strung out every day that my sister and I had to fend for ourselves. I ended up having to steal from grocery stores and fast food restaurants daily just to feed us, as every dime that my parents got went to pills. The entire family knew something was wrong at this point, which was during the winter of 2010/early spring 2011. After never paying the rent, we were evicted from the apartment in August of last year. At this point, I started a new job. Another gas station. My mom also got a job, which she was fired from three weeks after starting for stealing pills. The job was taking care of an elderly alzheimer's patient. Mom thought she could make money off of the woman's alzheimer meds. Mom started another job, taking care of an elderly man with no legs. Got fired a week into it. Stole the man's wedding rings and pawned them. 

Edit - Had to post and make sure it wasn't too long yet. More below.

Around this time, ~November of 2011, my family was being stolen from constantly. My uncle had 4 guns and two rifle barrels stolen from him. My grandmother had her purse taken. My uncle's house was broken into and his computer was stolen. On Christmas Eve we went to my aunt's house. She lives an hour and a half away, so we don't get to see her often. She had $10,000 in her bedroom that she was going to use on her new year's vacation. It was stolen. Could go on and on, but that's part of why I've gone over the character limit so many damn times now. I quit my job at the gas station because, again, my parents were taking my money. This time around it was because my father, who works in construction, was doing a job for a local-government agency which provides assistance to low income families. He was working on a woman's home, and the gov't agency was paying. $30,000 contract in all, my father said he needed to "borrow" my money for materials and labor costs. When all was said and done I didn't get a dime of my money back. Made $4,300 in the few months that I was at the gas station, didn't get any of it for myself because again I was naive enough to believe my parents.

Now here we are in 2012. Things are worse than ever. The entire family knows everything. My father has gotten his act together. He's working, and trying to make things right. My mother's a hardcore drug addict. They both continue to pop pills, but I just found my mother's crackpipe tonight. Because apparently pills weren't enough, any more.

They've taken me for over $20,000 between the bills in my name, my possessions that they've sold, and the money that they've taken or that I've given them.

They even stole the money out of my bank account. I had $1,900 in the bank, tucked away, that I *thought* they didn't know about. They found my bank card and treated themselves. 
 
Beyond all of the drugs, money, and theft... there's also the fact that I'm gay. I haven't come out to the family yet, but the entire family knows. I made the mistake of coming out to my grandmother, and it was gossip just too juicy for her to keep to herself. My mother knows I'm gay and I'm open with her about it. I thought that she accepted it. She seemed fine, and she gave me the "You're my kid, I love you no matter what" speech. So I was comfortable, until a few days ago when I heard her talking to my dad about me. "That disgusting dick sucking faggot" was her choice of wording. She said a lot more, but that pretty much says it all.

I can't take dealing with this any more. There's a lot more that I've left out, but after spending over an hour writing and rewriting this and continually going over the character limit I just said screw it and tried to give it as short as I could.

I have nowhere else to go. I have nothing left. No money, no possessions, my bank account is overdrawn $500. I have no friends. My family members won't take me in, as they don't trust me because of my parents. I don't know what to do any more. 