I'm very clearly a sick person.Why I'm sick: I enjoy hitting animals when they do something bad. When one of the family dogs jumps on me, it feels good to throw it to the ground and yell at it. 

I have a deep hatred to the world in general. All world cultures disgust me. I'd happily have everyone on this planet dead in an instant, if I was given the option. 

I have a deep hatred of people who, at least superficially (I can't say if they really do or not as I am not them) love me. My entire family, whom I hate, generally show me basic symbols of love. Ex: Saying I love you, hugging me, celebrating accomplishments with me, etc. Yet I dispise them. The way they talk, the things they do... It just all ticks me off. I can't stand listening to them talk for 5 seconds. And what's even worse is that the idea of killings myself and making them miserable makes me happy. I feel as though they deserve to be miserable.

Sometimes I think of hurting other people whom I don't even know. It actually feels nice, and I want to punish them for no reason other than I want to.

I'm a total hypocrite. I'm preach to others about the need for a universal morality, yet I myself am obviously not a person who 
partakes in thoughts or actions which reflect that.

Other things that make me angsty and despondent:

I feel like I have no purpose in life. Only one career has ever seemed like something worth living for. From the time I was 13 until I was 16, I felt like, since I had no other purpose or happiness in life, I ought to forfeit it to God and join the priesthood. I know I'd suck as a priest anyway. I hate talking to people, I can't relate to others' issues or feelings, and I doubt I could even give halfway decent homilies or sermons. I don't really feel that need anymore. I don't feel the need to be anything.

Life is dull. As I wait for my last year of HS to come and go, I find myself vegetating. I can't drive because I can't afford a car. There's nothing to do on my dirt road Appalachian town anyway, and quite frankly, seeking pleasures for happiness is extremely unfulfilling. Playing a video game makes me happy for as long as it entertains me. Watching a TV show makes me happy for as long as it is on. There's never been such a thing as long term happiness for me.

Even more, I feel that even if I were to live, there is nothing in the future for me. I think that I'm way too messed up to have any sort of decent relationships with anyone. And, as I do come from a poor area, my education opportunities are low. I have great grades, but I would never want to go to college. School is boring enough as it is, , and college culture is number one on the cultures I hate. Since I would I would never want to go to college, future economic success also seems impossible.

Conclusion:
I have all the parts to write this story but two. I have the who (me), the what (suicide),  the how (method that I have easy access to), and the why(above).

All that's left to decide where and when. I want my exit to be perfect, symbolically speaking. I also have to write a note, which will take awhile considering my hand writing is bad. I want my last feelings and thoughts  to be seen as I intended them to be.

I want to die, but strangely I feel the need to at least exhaust any possible help ways before I do it.

Note: I will not call a hotline. I especially hate talking on the phone. I also will not seek out some "adult who cares about me" because anyone who might meet the criteria, I hate.