I hate myself and I hate living.Hey guys. I'm new here and I just thought I'd vent out all my frustrations for the internet to see since trying to voice it to the people in my life just results in them becoming distant, telling me all the ways to make myself less depressed that I've tried and gained nothing from, or them saying I made myself this way (which is probably partially true but it just makes me feel worse). Some background on me, I'm 18, a college freshman. I've been struggling with depression and suicidal thoughts since I was 11 or so, but even before that I look back on things and realized I never experienced real happiness or enjoyment of my life as a whole. My days are filled with thoughts of how unattractive I am both physically and personality-wise. I think my personality is unattractive to others because of my extremely offensive humor, my blunt approach to conversation, and my depression itself. Everyone around me either says to fake confidence/happiness to attract people or to just be myself and real friends will come, but both of those have done very little for me. With being in a college quite a ways from home and attending with nobody else from my high school, things are extremely lonely. I want to interact with people and to make friends but every time I try to I get terrified that I'll just be annoying people. And when I finally work up the courage to talk to people, it's maybe a 2 minute conversation. I feel like it's impossible for me to form any new relationships. I have a few friends from back home I still talk to through messages and occasionally phone calls but they're often unavailable and it doesn't help with the fact that I feel like I don't belong.
It feels like every day I'm flooded by thoughts of all the mistakes I've made and negative impacts I've left on other people, including the people I care most about. Just recently I had to cut off a very close friend who I believe cared very deeply for me and would've been a lifelong friend had I allowed it. The only issue is our friendship was plagued with arguments and making each other unintentionally feel like shit and it got to a point where I lost absolutely all hope and needed to end things.
My family relationships are mostly okay aside from my mom. I hold a lot of resentment towards her for not being very active in my upbringing, constantly lying and putting on facades in public, and verbally and emotionally abusing me and my siblings. At one point she basically made me fill the role of my younger half-brother's parent since she refused to take care of him and his deadbeat alcoholic dad left the picture. This started in 6th grade and was a major cause of my depression getting to where it is now. All of the stress and tension was ruining my mental state and academic success, not to mention the vile social aspects of middle school and my inability to find more than maybe 3 friends who didn't treat me like shit or talk behind my back. My parents have been divorced basically since around the time I was born, so I was able to leave the situation and live with my dad, but not without creating even larger tension between my mother and I and feeling extreme and constant regret for more or less abandoning my little brother.
Upon leaving and moving with my dad in early 8th grade I was hoping to turn a new leaf, and I did academically, started getting straight A's. But socially I'd become so jaded I treated nearly everyone who approached me like shit up until my sophomore year of high school. After trying to get rid of my anger and hatred towards society and the world as a whole and attempting to fit in with society, I soon found that I'd created a stigma for myself as a complete asshole which I would never escape in high school.
Romantically, I've legitimately liked maybe 6 girls. Never dated, never had sex. The first girl I liked I had a crush on from 2nd to 8th grade. There were 4 in high school and there's one in college. I realized that despite me feeling so strongly for these girls on an emotional level, I barely knew them and was moreso infatuated with their surface-level personalities and appearances yet somehow that turned into these intense obsessions. I asked one of these girls out, got rejected. The rejection of course sucked but I didn't hold it against her. However afterwards she just started making fun of me and insulting me which infuriated me and led to me doing similar things which created a lot of animosity (we're friends now though somehow). 2 of them I told and we don't really talk but there's no animosity. 1 found out but even before she knew it was a shit show. The first one from 2nd-8th still doesn't know (to my knowledge) and I still talk to her. The one in college found out somehow. The one in college is fucking me up mentally because I honestly barely know her yet the feelings are intense as hell. I think it's because she fits into this idealized mold of what I like in a girl (in terms of looks and surface-level personality). A mutual friend (my roommate) has said he thinks I have 0 chance with her, I've texted her but she doesn't reply, we occasionally speak in person for 2 minutes max. I'm trying to give up on her altogether, whether as a friend or a romance, since she obviously doesn't care about me but I keep feeling like "maybe if i just get to know her better things will be good" except she's preventing all opportunity for me to know her better so it's just false hope. I don't think any of it's actually been love or care, I think it's just been obsession since my mind believes having them in my lives can make me happy and fix my issues. I'm not sure if I can actually love or care for a girl romantically without it really just being my mind selfishly attempting to find hope and happiness for itself.
I've self-harmed before. For a few years I would submerge my head in baths so I couldn't breathe and suffocate myself with belts and pillows. This was never done with the intent of killing myself though. I did attempt suicide once my junior year of high school by overdosing on sleeping pills. Obviously it didn't work and the aftermath of it discourages me from trying anything again but it didn't change all the shit going on in my head.
This is all the shit that's been weighing on me lately and I just wanted to vent it all out somewhere where I felt I wouldn't be looked down upon for it. What do you guys think? Is there any solution to making me feel better? I've seen doctors and have taken antidepressants (will likely get a new prescription from a new psychiatrist). I'm just really unsure of if I should even still be alive, if I'm contributing anything positive to the people around me, if my life matters. I'm obviously not glad to be here and haven't been so what's the point? Sorry this post was so long by the way.