Short term memory loss vs. examsBy short term memory loss I mean I can remember incidents from 5 years ago but my memory is fuzzy on the details of things that happened 20 minutes prior. Kind of like "I can remember what I learned in 8th grade, but can not at all remember what I just learned an hour ago", and since I have exams tomorrow, failure is inevitable in such a clear state of short term memory loss. Will not even be able to find a job, and honestly? I don't give a single fu.ck.  

Now, don't get this wrong. I was a high-achieving student up to sophomore year of highschool, but then reality hit the fan, and instead of pretending to be yet another slave out of this 7.6 billion and counting in the meat grinder called "Humanity", I just can not and do not want to care about existence, let alone caring about university, exams, graduation, etc. Pretty sure if I end this garbage called "existence", I will not have to deal with university, exams, graduation, etc. The difficult part is trying to find a painless easy method to end it. 

And no, I do not need your pity, your "optimism", your "it's going to be better" as I just don't care about anything getting "better", and your spewing your religious beliefs in your imaginary "God(s)", soul, or after life for me. 

I am just tired of the majority of Humans, their religions, their delusions, their schizophrenic attitude towards existence, and their "optimism" that made me want to end it in the first place. And guess what? The majority of Humans are just miserable sheep and little piles of secrets that follow the mass without question, and I am tired of the amount of bull$hit that the majority of Human can come up with.
With the way the majority of Humans are, I would rather hit the red button, open the way for an asteroid to hit the Earth, and mark the sudden mass extinction of all Humans/animals and plant species as I drink my coffee and watch the world burn, myself included. 

And no, I've never been lonely. I've been in my room, and I've felt suicidal. But I never felt that one other person could enter my room and "fix" everything that is bothering me. In other words, loneliness is something I have never been bothered with because I have always had this terrible itch for solitude. To quote Ibsen, "The strongest men are the most alone.", and I have never thought, "Well, someone will come in my room and give me a fuck-job, rub my balls, and I'll be all good." No, that won't help. You know the majority of Humans being all like; "Wow!, what are you going to do? Just sit there?"? Well, yep. Because there's nothing out there. It's all bull$hit, delusion, sadomasochistic attitudes towards existence, and hypocrisy thrown around outside. The majority of Humans mingling with each other and patting themselves on the back for being delusional, and I just let them stupidify themselves. 

I'm not here to get advice. Just here to write this down because I'm bored and have to hit my head on a wall just to stop thinking about university, exams, graduation, etc.