nothing leftI am the father of two beautiful little girls and married to an amazing woman. About a year ago I was recruited to become a director at a software company.  I accepted the role after a monster interview process and started the new role with high hopes.  About one month after starting with the new company, my manager pulls me into a conference room on Friday afternoon and says "it's not working out". Without a single word of negative feedback (or any feedback) , they fired me on the spot.   That was in late July.  I have been looking for work ever since and have not been able to find anything since 9300+ applications, multiple revisions to resume). The Austin TX market has always been a rough one for jobs but I have an MBA, 12 years of experience, and am getting interviews that go well but am not chosen.  I recently came to the realization that due to life insurance policies, I am a better provider for my family for the next few year dead that alive ( I realize suicide negates policies).  My wife of 15 year has never been so distant and angry with me and the only solace I have been able to find at all is in drinking enough to self medicate even though I am also on anti depressants and recently even doubled my dose.  I have applied for almost 300 jobs in the last 9 months and have found shit.  I was just rejected again today for a job I was more then qualified for and interviewed well for.  

I love my little girls and still love my wife even if she is so distant and angry with me and I blame myself for her pain more than she does.   

There is nothing I expect anyone to say or be able to do that will fix this. I just need to be able to vent it out.  I am honestly at a point where I have to ask myself, if you have given it your best with these results, why would you want to go on. 

I cant stand the thought of my daughters going through the pain my death but also realized that they might be better off with another dad raising them who is not so self absorbed with is own mental illness.  I don't know how to go on in any way with hope that things will get better.  