When I lost my mindI have created a throw-away account just so I don't get tarnished on my other one. I'm a frequent visitor here although it has been a while since I last visited. 


I think I've lost my mind. Now I truly know the meaning of the word. Genuinely, I think my mind is now lost forever. I used to be suicidal. I wouldn't do too much. But I was attempting mildly about once every few months. I have minimal scarring due to my method of choice.

Anyways, about 9 months ago something deep within me clicked. Suddenly, I was happy and active. I was diagnosed Bi-Polar. I was working around until 3 am every night. I was working one full time job, part time classes, and I was doing extra-curricular work all the time. I was extremely happy, but in an unhealthy way.

After about 3 months of super energized bliss, the light didn't shut off.. it kind of... burned low. Now, like an ember in a bulb, it radiates a general content with life. What some people might call "happy". However, along with it is the ashes of my previous depression. 20 long years of constant suicidal thoughts perverted my mind. I was a sociopath by many accounts. Though sensibly ethical and occasionally expressive, I was always subtly empty. That emptiness carried over after my sudden bout of happiness. Now, I'm content, but empty...

I feel like a shell. I have goals and aspirations now. I have dreams and hopes. But I can't *feel* anything. Its like instead of being suicidal and having a deep fulfilling desire for suicide, I'm now just me. Just a sociopath trying his best. 

I don't feel like I'm "me" anymore. I feel like a robot. I walk into the office, I make jokes, I talk to friends and family, I'm pursuing other things, but all the while I feel like a robot. Literally...    *emotions DELETED*.  

I guess depression was the one thing that made me feel... human. It was the occasional despair that tied me to this Earth. Now, I feel beyond it. If I was fired today, I would feel nothing. If someone hated me deeply, nothing. Now, instead of falling deeper into sadness, I feel nothing. 

It sometimes makes me want to murder or steal. Just to feel that rush of guilt and despair as my life falls apart. But I'm much too ethical to abuse another life just for my own. Sometimes - though - I fantasize about the court room. About the jail time. How I'd ache to be free again, ache for **something**. 

My only driving force is to educate myself further and further until I've conquered the educational world. Until I've learned physics and math to a level that I consider prideful. 

So, essentially, I feel weightless and empty now. Like I'm floating around the world. I have nothing to ground me. Does anyone else feel this way?