I recently stopped drinking and feel compelled to drive into oncoming traffic.im like 17 days sober, I finally hit a point in my life I dont want to be this problematic asshole anymore and a drag on my loved ones. Ive been a heavy drinker for a decade since i turned 21, so worry about my health was also an issue.

I never drank for the alcohol or to get drunk, just to numb my emotional pain. I was never a happy person in high school into college. I was lonely, I wanted somebody to love me romantically and I didn't know how relationships worked, I can look back on it now and teenage me was probably felt more entitled to be loved (like proto incel shit)... but I felt worthless without someone's affection and I always felt there was something wrong with me, not physically but emotionally that just made people not like me like that. 

I still feel that way really, I just dont feel entitled to it. I feel like someones love is like this great gift and it has to be given willfully. The few times I felt complete and whole, I was with this one person who was just fantastic to me. She left after 8 months, I can only assume she got sick of me but she was so nice to me and I was happy then.

Its not like if I had a relationship that would fix everything but since I stopped drinking I just feel angry. Im unhappy with my life. Im doing things to try and make better, Im trying to find a therapist. 

Anyway im driving to and from work and I just feel this impulse. like just do it. who gives a shit. I dont do it because I dont want to hurt anybody else but it's startling to me a bit just how tempting it feels. I use to walk home as a teenager along a busy road and I would have the same fantasy, just throw myself in front of the truck. 

And it's because im lonely and im angry because im lonely. And its one of those mad at the whole world kinda angers, because I just want to be loved and its just not happening but also I know theres nothing I can do with that anger, ya know? I cant hurt other people, make them sad just because I feel shitty.

I try to explain this to people, my friends, that I feel like worse than suicidal. I feel trapt. Like suicide isnt an option but being that happy healthy person isnt either. its like im cornered in and im just grinding myself through the brick wall. I wanna be happy. 

well if nothing else I feel better just typing this all out on this throwaway acct. shout out to whomever reads this.