My Story (TW:SH)Hey folks, 

Strap in for a rollercoaster of depression and suicidal ideation as I am about to do what I have never done before. I need to tell the story of the time I tried to kill myself. I am hoping this will help give me some closure. 

In seventh grade, I started to self harm. It started with sharp cardboard, and then moved to scissors, and blades. For some reason, I did a really poor job of hiding this. I didn't wear long sleeves and I did not care who saw. My best friend at the time inevitably found out and became my first real outlet. Things were okay for awhile. middle school carried on. 

In about eighth grade, I started to notice my prominent problems with aggression. I began to cut deeper and more frequently. I vividly remember the first time my mom saw my cuts. She scolded me. Told me that they will leave scars and that she cannot trust me anymore. She took my resources and all was better for a few years. 

Tenth grade came. I got into a toxic relationship (both ends). This seemed to spark some anger at myself and pent up panic that I needed to release. After the break up, the self-harm started again and it didn't really stop until I met my most serious and recent boyfriend. We will call him "V".

The relationship I had with V gave me hope. While he did not completely understand why I cut, he was patient and incredibly supportive. One night, he was at a friend's house and I told him I was worried about us. He drove to my house and sat with me for hours. I had cut that night and he helped me clean up. 

He was so good about this. So patient. Eventually, he got a bit stressed out by it, of course. It is a lot to deal with. When he went to his college orientation, we had been bickering over something so stupid and suddenly he just stopped responding, and if he did it was in short answers. He explained to me that his phone was going to die, but I was convinced this was a lie because when I am in my panic state, you cannot convince me otherwise. The poor kid just wanted to enjoy his first step into college and I was making it worse. Seeking validation and panicking. These thoughts plus every other mind game I was dealing with caused me to cut the most that I ever had. While doing this, a friend had reached out. Lets call him "K". 

K and I have been friends since elementary and he was also good friends with V. So I opened up to him. I vented. Eventually, I said it. I told him I wanted to die. I told him I cut. I told him I took too many Xanex. The next thing I remember, I am blacked out on my bedroom floor and my dog is going crazy. I go downstairs to find a police officer outside my house. My parents were out of town and so it was just my brother and me. (He was sound asleep). 

The police officer told me why he was there (obviously) and made me show him my cuts. He made some back handed comments and as he was doing so, my brother comes down the stairs. As you can imagine, he was very confused. The officer told him that I had to go to the hospital. My brother followed in his car.

When I got to the hospital, I felt nothing but welcomed. A nurse came in and told me to change into a gown. I was terrified they were going to pump my stomach, so there I was changing and sobbing all with my brother in the room. This was the lowest point of my life. 

Then, it was time for the social worker, this was a middle aged, tired woman who obviously hated her job. She told me to "just go to sleep" next time I want to kill myself. Thanks. I spent the rest of the night trying to call my parents so I could get out of this shitty hospital. We watched "King of the Hill" and my Dad and stepmom eventually came to pick me up. My dad was the nicest he has ever been to me... I found it odd. 

I went to work the next day, made things right with my bf at the time, and was clean for such a long time. 

I started cutting again about 2 months ago, and so my story continues. 

That felt so good to put into writing. Also, sorry if it is shit, it is 3 A.M. 