There's a Black hole in my heart and relapseHello everyone I don't know where to start but I've lived through some pretty very serious and constant emotional trauma and neglect as a child up to my teenager years. When I decided to leave the environment by that time there was nothing left of my soul, it had been completely and utterly destroyed. I'm 21 now, almost 22 and I don't feel human anymore and I'm disconnected from my emotions but at the same time I love and appreciate life even if I cant feel the full range of emotions anymore, anyway. I was and am completely alone and I've realised I must rely on my own strength and will power for me to survive.

I've always been trying to improve myself and be better everyday. I workout, eat healthy, I'm a university student and I'm going to therapy and psychiatrist for years because I want to be better but there is also a downside because I also used to use alcohol and other drugs to self medicate during the worst periods of my life. I've blacked out countless of times and was an alcoholic for awhile (there is a part of me that wants self destruct) but I managed to kick it without any help from anyone(or so I thought). 

I've been sober from alcohol for 5 months now but last night I blacked out when I was drinking with my friend. I dont  remember what happened but he kicked me out of his house or I was an idiot and decided to leave. I don't know if I threatened him or if I was being an asshole or whatever but I know it was bad.

I woke up today and I absolutely hate and disgusted with myself because no matter how much I try to better myself and live a good life, there is something in my core that is just broken with the centre being a black hole. I almost always feel empty inside even though objectively I know there is meaning in my life and things have been going good for me lately but I just cant feel it. I'm suffering from the trauma and abuse everyday one way or another and I'm in a lot pain and suffering in my mind especially when it comes to relationships with people and thats why when I blackout I might hurt someone even though I dont want to hurt anybody. I'm a pacifist. 

Every day and night there is a never ending struggle for suicide for years. I can't take this anymore, I want to live but not like this and I'm starting to believe death is the only solution because I just want to all of my suffering to end and maybe I can finally find some peace. I know for a fact if I had an I to a gun I would pull the trigger without a second thought. I dont want to hurt anyone else anymore with my actions and I know the people I have effected wont see this but I'm sorry for everything ive done and all the pain I've caused. That person wasnt the real me I hope you can forgive me