StuckThis sucks I hope I can explain everything that's happening and what I feel like.

It's like, do you ever sit back and realize that there have to be "lesser" people in life, so that others can feel better than themselves. I am one of those lesser people, or at least, it's how I've labeled myself since I've realized it during my grade school days in fifth grade. 

Like, everyone around me is clearly better, always producing results, and I know they work hard for what they produce. They work so hard, sometimes they cry that they couldn't bring what they knew they could. I feel similar, except I have never brought satisfactory results to the table and I'm not even sure what I'm capable of anymore. It makes me think that maybe I was never capable in the first place. Maybe it's because my parents have always painted me as their starchild who is the best and deserves the best and I grew up believing that until I realized it wasn't true. I have never produced the results my parents believe I can bring and I don't know if it's because they truly believe in me or they just don't want me to cry and they're sensitive to my feelings because I used to go to a psychiatrist for my suicidal thoughts (I don't go anymore, because my parents asked if I didn't need to anymore, and I said yeah because at least I want to live up to SOME of their expectations). 

But wait! Why did I title this stuck again? Right, the results. So about the results I never produce. For the past few months, I have been signing up and applying for entry level jobs (I am just starting my sophomore year in college) so I can have some money and some sort of responsibility. I applied to Disney! And this is just one example. I had a phone interview and my mom was able to hear me respond since we live in the same house haha but. I ended up not passing the phone interview. My mom and dad were like "But you sounded great! What happened?" I had not brought up one part of what the job focused on. If they weren't safe, would they not be satisfied? Anyway). My parents said it was Disney's loss but it was also clearly my fault because how could I miss something so obvious!

More about results, I draw as a hobby, but it's one of those hobbies I've been doing for life. Like, I want to sell my art at conventions art. And, like, because I've been drawing so long, average people who believe they themselves can't draw compliment my art, which makes me feel GREAT because it's a skill I've been working on for so long. But, I clearly don't actually... make an impact with my art? It's not as good as I think it is. I can't sell anything and when other people who draw see my art they do that smile that *smile where you know they don't think that much of your art.* And I just realized I could use italics. Going back. I went to a convention once and sold things. Or like. I sold. One thing. I didn't break even and I still haven't broke even technically. I don't know. It's hard to keep track of anything. 

And another thing I can't seem to do. My entire family and everyone around me think I'm naturally studious because I can easily get As and Bs without lifting a finger. And this strategy worked for the longest time. Until it didn't and I just became me being lazy and not understanding how to actually study.

This honestly isn't where it ends haha. So, I know these are all problems. So, I've been trying to get better at them. Not the job one though, that's a recent development. With art, I've been sitting down and studying more techniques, more things I need to understand as an artist (colors, shapes, etc). With studying, I've actually been studying, using whatever techniques suit me!

But like! The results that come out of this? It's the same exact thing with like twice the effort I put out beforehand. How hard I work doesn't matter because it ends up producing the same result every time. What's the point. I don't get it anymore. 

In the end, it just feels like I have an inflated ego and I don't know how to fix anything and get better at anything. I'm so slow, it's horrible. 