Are my parents being selfish??So I've been feeling like this for a long time I'm 23 now. I attempted in November 2015. I regret it didn't work and this year has seriously just gone to shit. it's not only the fact that I dont want to move forward because I'm so depressed and shit still but my emotions are all that fucked up and I seriously can't deal with what's happened in my life and mostly what I've done because I'm an angry cunt to people.* sorry for the profanity.
Recently my parents have been trying to get me to talk about how I'm feeling but it's something I really struggle with. Most of the time I get so angry and I just kind of mess up what I'm saying so it's like my point of what I'm trying to say gets lost.

 But today both my told that if I did commit suicide they'd probably follow my lead and do something stupid. But the way I see it they have tried their damn hardest all my life giving me what I wanted and the beat opportunities anyone could ask for.
We arent well-off or anything but like I had the opportunity to get my commercial pilots5 licence for helicopters but I was an idiot and messed it up half way through after getting my private licence. But they worked so hard and now they're getting old and having to carry on working brutal hours is killing them and I can see it and even if I'm financially stable I'm probably still one hell of an emotional burden. Kind of also in legal issues with the police at the minute. The only reason I'm still here is because of what they say to me about doing it aswell and I don't know if they would, and I know it's all a big mess of a story and a lot of what I wanted to get across is kind of missing. 

Moral if the story I want to kill myself so my parents can just wind down and relax for the last bit of their lives because they've worked so hard for the rest of it and they deserve it amongst the million and one other reasons. But they also can't see that I feel I've lived a great life already from my experiences and memories but due to mental health issues mainly I have no drive or motivation to commit to almost anything life has to offer so ruined a lot of doors I had opened for me. Rambling to fuck um sorry but yeah are they being selfish?