i don't know if this is supposed to hereOr in r/depression or r/anxiety or whatever but just augh I'm posting it here. I am just very lost, I have no idea where I'm going. I'm twenty-one years old, worried about a lot. School, when am I going to graduate? I worry about being over dramatic. Do I really have problems or am I just a normal human being?



Do I have herpes? Yeah, that is kind of a big question. How can I find out? What the fuck am I supposed to tell girls until then? Fuuuuuuuck. Cool. Pretty much ruined my life there. And sex. Pretty sure I really just never want to have sex ever again even if I don't have herpes. It's just ruined. Unappealing. Why the fuck do people care if I fuck ___ or not? If sex is not such a big fucking deal then why do you care so much if I fuck her? Ah... I mean you guys are my friends and I should probably just tell you that I'm uncomfortable with all this pressure why am I being so fucking whiny about it. I suck. Shit, even if I didn't have this fucking shit dangling over my head do you expect me to do it anyway (I should really get a blood test, don't trust the negative culture).


Touching people. I hate touching people. I do. It just freaks me out. I WANT to like it. I can see the appeal. In my daydreams I am comfortable with every level of intimacy. I crave human contact, the feeling of skin on skin. But only in my mind. In reality... I just hate touching people. The energy is too much. I can feel it passing between us, even at the lightest touch. How am I supposed to move. When she leans on me, I shake. I can't stay still. I want to throw up. Why do I want to throw up? I haven't even been drinking tonight. I just want to take her in my arms but I want her to go away, to stop touching me.


Should have just let her go. Instead I invited her to my bed. Doing what I felt like I was supposed to do. I am a fucking idiot. Suddenly realize what I'm doing. I CAN'T have sex with her. I would have to touch her and I hate touching people. I feel unclean and unsure. Why didn't I just use a condom last year... would it have even helped? Blaaaaahhhhhhhhhhh. God damn shit piss cunt mother fucking dick beans. CFCS

What am I even talking about? I'm pretty sure this doesn't belong in this subreddit at all. Fuck youuu. Jesus christ. Why am I the person that I am? Why does it even matter? W.

Yeah. Ok. Ever try just bringing up suicide casually in conversation? People have mixed reactions to it. One time I did it in the company of someone who's friend has commited suicide. She didn't approve. Sometimes though, people laugh.


"Damn, I'm bored."


"Haha yeah me too, what should we do?"



"We should all just kill ourselves."



"Haha man that is hilarious."



Yes. Hilarious. Sometimes I think about different ways to kill myself. What would the best way be? None of them sound appealing. That's the problem with this kind of thing, nothing really allows you to just slip out of existence quietly with some fucking dignity. Bloody, messy, guns rope knives. Ahhhhh. Fuck. Going over and over it in my head. Maybe take the scanner darkly route, bottle of wine bottle of pills, take a nap. A long nap. A really long nap.


Nah, that probably wouldn't be as relaxing as it sounds. I've been on drugs before. Been fucked up enough to know that I don't think I want to overdose. It can't be fun. Probably wouldn't even work anyway. WHY can't I just not exist anymore. Without causing anyone any problems. I just don't want to be a fucking bother and that's all I fucking am so WHY can't I just not BE anymore. Why did I ever to be in the first place? Why did the inconceivable pile of quarks, protons, neutrons, atoms, molecules, tissues and organs all form together to make me? What is the FUCKING SHTRWIGFSGFADSGADGRAGFSDA

I wonder how long I can make this go on for. Is anyone seriously reading this? Oh man, I hope someone is. Seriously, power to you if you've read through this whole thing. I wonder how long it'll look when I actually post it. Sometimes I write I really long post or what feels like a really long post but when I actually post it turns out to be not so long. I've probably got some pretty shot holy fuck what was that noise I think there is some shit in my fucking walls god damn it just scared the shit of me fuck i am freaking out



ahh. i hate myself. there has to be more to say? what more? where can i get some fucking help. who can i talk to? how can i save myself? ughhhh. i don't want to die but i don't want to be the person that and god. ugh. i just want to change. i feel like i could change if only i didn't have this fucking herpes question. its all that's fucking holding me back. how can i change if i have this incurable disease? 

i want to explode.