I don't know anymore.Apologies in advance, because I know I'm long-winded and boringly pessimistic. 

My incubating depression is coming to a head as I'm nearing two months of being unemployed. 

I do have a good-paying, seasonal job lined up, but it doesn't start for a few more weeks. In the meantime, I've been searching for something more solid for when the temporary gig ends, since it's my goal to move when my current lease ends next year. I want to leave town, because I haven't found much success in the county I've lived in for the past few years. Job prospects are low, but I'm also struggling to find the right direction anyway.

I quit my job of two years early this summer. A little background which I think might be relevant later. I'd been doing really well with a company for a year and a half. I'd gotten great performance reviews, made decent sales, and my managers found my resourcefulness and communication skills to be exceptional. However, I was part-time and encouraged to take a full-time lateral position at a nearby sister location. 

I debated, but ultimately applied for and received the transfer, which stood to offer more experience, and it was a good hourly raise, plus bonuses on sales. It was just me and my manager, who I'll call Melissa running this office. It was a crucially busy time and I was working in alone a lot, sacrificing days off to meet deadlines or to suit my Melissa's scheduling needs. I tried to stay positive, but I burned out fairly quickly. 

Melissa, who was salaried, came into work late (and I'm talking by at least an hour) more often than not, would not keep up on paperwork (so I was constantly fighting to keep us current), and there was more than one occasion on which I found her integrity/honesty questionable. 

She also really had a problem with me taking ownership of my workspace--I had a desk in the front, from where I worked 40+ hours a week. Melissa had her own office and a large desk upon which she kept fresh decorations, personal photos, etc. However, I would come back from a day off to find my personal affects out of place, or to see that she had written on my desk calendar (which I'd personally purchased, because I know writing down appointments helps me to memorize them). Melissa would insist that the desk and computer did not belong to me, and that she needed to utilize my desk when I was gone so that she could be in the front of the "store." I couldn't really fight her on that, but it really got under my skin, so I removed everything but the bare essentials. 

We had generic emails--hers was a managerial one, and mine was for sales. Per company norms, we'd put our names into the signature lines of our respective email accounts. When she'd use my computer, she'd log into the "sales" user instead of the manager one, and this led to her sending emails from the sales Outlook account. She'd send emails from the account I used, and would sometimes not even change the signature line. She'd go so far as to refer to herself in the third person. 

One of the final straws was that Melissa and our and her boss (our regional manager) decided she would get a bonus that technically belonged to me. It was a pretty big sale that required regional manager authorization, but under the bonus structure, it was rightfully mine. 

During the months I worked at this location with Melissa, I'd reached out to teams at other locations when I needed support, trying my best to be honest about the state of our office without blatantly calling Melissa out for her shortcomings or bringing personal feelings into it. I even addressed some of my concerns to the regional manager by sending a factual but professionally-worded email, but started looking for fallback jobs when I realized that this was just how Melissa would be running the show, and the regional manager wasn't going to be any help. I was deeply regretting making this transfer. It came to a shamefully abrupt end one Saturday morning not long after I found out that she'd taken my bonus. 

Our office was open 7 days/week, so I had funny days off. I came back in on my "Monday," which was really a Saturday, to find that the background wallpaper on my computer was changed to an obnoxiously pixelated, blown up image of a pink rose (I prefer stock wallpapers of dark colors so that I can find my desktop icons). I hadn't even set my keys down before my patience took a hit, albeit a trivial annoyance. Great start to the week. Whatever. 

Melissa showed up surprisingly early as I prepared to make my morning rounds of opening up shop. She was in a chipper mood, obviously pleased with her punctuality that day, and quickly sensed my irritability. (Keep in mind, I'm in "Monday" mode anyway--not that that's an excuse to be a bitch...) Anyway, she latched onto my mood and called me out for putting a damper on her morning. 

Sure, I could probably have used the attitude adjustment, but she chose right then and there to perform an impromptu assessment of my what my "problem" is. Caught off guard, I wasn't prepared to launch into a well-formed argument into my why she was my problem. I reached for the quick answer and mentioned the desktop wallpaper. Melissa said that another manager had spent some time in our office to help out while I was off and must have changed it. She followed up with chastising me for being "too obsessed" with my desk, and that I needed to accept that other people needed to use it. 

In the moment, I was just so done. She clearly didn't respect the effort I put into my work and the care I took with my organization. I didn't feel valued or respected. And I wasn't allowed to take ownership over any part of my job. I wanted to rip her top bun off her stupid blonde head and call her out for the selfish bitch she was, but instead, I calmly dropped my office keys on the desk and told her I quit. I wasn't going to argue over minutia, and the foundational issues I'd been dealing with were weighing too heavy. I collected the few supplies that I'd purchased on my own and left the office for the last time that morning. I left a voicemail for the HR department at the headquarter office so they'd know when and how I quit. 

Luckily, one of my applications for a temporary reception job came through, and I quickly resumed working about a week later. After 90 days, I chose not to hire on permanently. I wanted to stay on as a temp a while longer, but they wouldn't let me. It just didn't feel good, and it was a long commute and not enough pay. So I've been unemployed since late September. I've applied a other places, but I'm avoiding the industry I'd been in for the last two years--it's really cliquey and I don't have a good feeling toward it anymore, either. I have mostly retail experience under my belt. A scrapbook of college/university credits, but no degree. I typically aim for clerical work, and government positions where I can at least feel like I'm contributing to society somehow. I kinda fell into that sales/office job, and stayed because the pay was awesome.

I often hear that keep finding yourself in the same situation, that the problem is likely you. So, I'm owning up to that. Maybe I'm not as straightforward of a worker as I think I am. Maybe my work ethic isn't really what it should be. Maybe I don't get along with people because I'm on the spectrum or something. The working relationship pattern I had with Melissa doesn't seem to be new. I tend to regularly find fault with any type of management. I guess I just feel like I don't have to put up with bullshit. I don't know. 

And I don't see a way to fix it, or to make it work for me. I don't know where I belong, and I don't have a calling. I've had a lot of jobs in the last 7 years. 

I live with my longtime partner, who I'll call P. I'm ashamed to say P will have to support me financially this month, until the next temporary job begins. I feel really guilty for essentially rage-quitting (I didn't really rage, though, I swear) a good paying job, and for turning down the next job offer. 

We don't have/want children or pets. P offers moral support as well, but is not really emotionally supportive. He doesn't seem to understand what I'm experiencing right now. And that's okay--I get that it's not his job to be everything at all times. I just feel really alone, in spite of having someone to come home to. 

I come from a large family. My mother died four years ago this week, after a slow descent into opiod addiction that unexpectedly turned into extreme alcoholism. She and I had been estranged a few years prior to that because I didn't understand or accept the choices she was making. The family has all been negatively affected by her death. Personally, I'm at peace knowing she's no longer self-destructing. Do I wish I still had a mom? Sure, but the woman she became was no longer my mom--I'd lost my mom years before she died. My siblings don't understand that I feel this way, and have villanized and bullied me about it. So I don't talk to them. My dad is on their "side" so I don't count on him, either. He lives nearby, but we don't have a relationship at all. All ties are cut whether it be in-person or social media contact. Some of my siblings are abusive or lead toxic lifestyles. There was a lot incestual abuse in my mom's large family, so aunts/uncles/cousins are not in my life, either.

P thinks my siblings take advantage of me (funny, because I probably take advantage of him), and he says that's why I have a hard time making friends. He thinks I keep my guard up too high. I've made acquaintances from work through the years, have gone to dinner or movies with coworkers. But it's been years since I've really connected to someone I could identify as a friend. If someone flakes on me, I tend not to waste my time anymore. 

In my early twenties, I'd get backstabbed a lot, too, by coworkers that I thought were my friends. Of course that leads me to question myself. What kind of person is prone to backstabbing, and do I do that to other people? I don't think so, but I don't hesitate to confront someone. For example, if someone I'm friendly with in the workplace drops the ball somehow, I have no problem reminding them of the expectation. I would describe myself as stern or straightforward, but not unkind. I'm left to assume that people just generally don't like me because of it. 

Otherwise, I think I'm a good listener, trustworthy, honest. I make an effort to put a positive spin on things in the workplace. I don't tear others down with gossip, nor do I tolerate it in my vicinity. But I guess I'm unlikable. Maybe I'm annoying, uninteresting, or dumb. It's hard to tell what kind of person I'm perceived as, when I don't have many people outside of P to socialize with. 

&amp;#x200B;

These past few weeks, I've been cleaning up my belongings. When my mom died, I had to deal with a storage unit of junk, and I don't want to leave that kind of mess for P. I went through journals from 2012 through to the present, and I've always been in this same, listless position. I have this running narrative that I don't know where to work, and that my bosses all do too little work for much more pay. I feel alone and don't know myself. Clearly, I'm the problem. Here I am in my early thirties already, and I'm stumped to find work that isn't entry level. But I guess I really don't deserve anything more than that, because I haven't stuck with anything long enough to earn it. 

Today, I cleared some old video diaries from my laptop. Yes, video diaries--I get lonely, and I lose my patience with handwritten journaling so quickly. So, here and there I've tried recording just to try and talk, even if it's to myself. After skipping through a few of them, I'm disgusted with my empty-headedness. I don't speak well, I don't seem to know anything of substance, and it doesn't look like I've done anything of value. 

The frustrating thing is that on the surface, there doesn't seem to be a problem. I am able-bodied enough to jog a few miles at a time, I eat fairly well, I read a bit, I have a resumee strung together, and time on my hands. I've job search and submitted applications, but why am I not doing that every waking minute until I'm employed? What right do I have to be so picky when I have my health, a home, a car, manageable debt, and no burdens to hold me back? Why can't I just make something happen? Why do I feel so dead inside? Why, since I was a kid, is all I've ever wanted is to be dead? Why don't I see a future, with real goals, and passion, and a sense of community?

There's a book of DBT skills I got from an outpatient program ten years ago on my desk. I can distract myself with self care, and hey, in a few weeks, I'll have a job to keep my mind plenty occupied, but I'm really tired. I haven't had a conversation in days. I don't have health insurance (I'm sorry, Obama, but the ACA never did me any good, even as a staunch liberal) so therapy's out of the question right now. I will not put myself in a position to be involuntarily committed, because I'll need to pass that last background check. Simply posting this feels like a red flag as it is. I could call a hotline, or IM a 7 Cups volunteer, but I'm not in "crisis" mode--what is there to even say? 

This shit doesn't work like that. I'd tell you that it's more like a profound sense of having fallen through the cracks, but I know I'm a shallow idiot. Psych drugs don't fix loneliness, and they don't change ideology. Maybe not everyone was supposed to be born. Maybe the only person in my life will be better off without my dark presence in his. Maybe this week, maybe next week, maybe next year. Even if I land another sufficient job, I'll only ever be dangling on this thread.