I'm not sure if...I'm 20 years old. For the last 6-7 years of my life, I can easily say that I considered suicide to be an option. An easy way out if things get too tough. As an atheist, the idea of my consciousness ceasing to exist is pretty appealing whenever I'm going through hardships in life. 

I've actually had a pretty good life so far. My parents are not too wealthy but they make a decent living... decent enough to send me abroad to US for college. My social life has never been better but it still isn't amazing. Never had a girlfriend. I always had mild-to-moderate social anxiety and still do, but I manage to be more social now. I've had girls wanting to get into a relationship but never the girls that I'm interested in or found attractive. I have a good internship waiting for me right now. I'll start in a month and live in San Francisco, making a decent amount of money.

I never had a good relationship with my father. We just can't get along. He can't get along with anyone. He can't get along with with my mother or with his sister or with his parents. My parents have a dysfunctional marriage and I've been told by both of them separately that the only reason they are together is me. I'm the only kid in the family and growing up, I would hear them fight and yell at each other every three months or so. After having some stronger fights with my dad, he told me that he will get divorced from my mom after my college education is over. He said this in the spur of the moment, no decision or anything but he says he won't support me or my mother after my graduation. This wouldn't be that easy, of course. Legal obstacles, family pressure etc. My mom also says the same thing... that she's still with my dad because he pays my tuition. He is not abusive or anything. He is just a negligent and rude asshole. Strangely enough, my mom's family is moderately wealthy too so we can afford the tuition either way but she would have to ask my grandma.

So far, not too bad, right. Well, everything is getting harder now. I'll graduate in two years and many problems recently emerged. My mom has a kidney disease called nephrotic syndrome. That's why she has been especially down and depressed lately. My dad is supportive but he's still an inconsiderate asshole. I've reason to believe that he cheated on my mom when I was younger. My mom on the other hand sincerely loves me and is a great human being. She gets angry easily and says things in the spur of the moment but I have no doubt that she has immaculate intentions all the time and I love her.

I've always been very close with my mother. As a kid, I would tell her that I loved her like every two minutes. As an anti-social kid, I spent a lot of my time at home and this brought us even closer I guess. Obviously my leaving for college was very hard on her. That's why we got a dog before I left. They get along very well and they are very dependent on each other. Two days ago, my mom had chest pains so I drove her to the hospital. As the avid smoker she is, we knew she was at risk. It's not cancer but she developed pneumothorax and had to spend the night at the hospital. I called my dad so that he comes to the hospital and spends time with her and he said he was on his way but he came in after four hours. I called him two hours in and he said he was somewhere on this way. My aunt called him and he said he was on his way but at an entirely different location, which is unacceptable. My mom had a nervous breakdown at the hospital bed because of this and stress of everything combined. They both spent the night there and I went back home. However my dad insisted on going to work the next day. We had a huge fight and I got him to spend the next day there too. He is there with her even right now. Other members of my family (grandparents, my aunt, her cousin etc) are also visiting and supporting her. She is going through a lot of pain and trying to endure it as she has some operations to drain the liquid from her lungs etc. My dad is still there, trying to be supportive but also still being an asshole even though it is to a lesser extent.

I've been taking care of our dog which I love and cherish. She misses my mom and it breaks my heart. I try to be supportive and play with her all the time but I'm not mom -- I can't do a lot of the things she can do. Today my cousin came over and he dropped one of his "workout supplement" pills. It is just amino acids and it shouldn't be a huge danger but it got me very worried. As a psychopharmacology-enthusiast (aka informed occasional drug abuser, will get to that later) I looked up all the amino-acids and found out that the risk profile is low. It is unlikely that she'll get any harm from it but she'll get some effects like stimulation followed by sleepiness. Even though I shouldn't be greatly worried, she took a lot for her body mass. I took her out for a run and she was very stimulated and agitated. I had to hold her back using the leash and even though I didn't hurt her or anything, it broke my heart doing that. I hate being assertive with her. It feels like I'm breaking her heart. She is so happy and full of life, smiling. It was very hard to bring her back into the house because she wasn't cooperative and this entire situation demoralized me even further. My mom will probably be in the hospital for at least 4-5 more days and I hope she gets better, and that my dog is totally fine tomorrow morning. But even the best case scenario happening, I don't see myself having an happy/ideal/comfortable future ahead of me and ceasing to exist looks like a great option. I feel lonely.

I don't know if my mental psyche has a text-book definition but I don't think I'm depressed. I'm prescribed ADHD medication and I can feel better if I decide to take them now but it doesn't feel like real happiness. It's just synthetic euphoria. I usually just use them to study or socialize. Throughout the last year, I smoked weed once daily before going to bed and it helps me immensely but I don't have access to it right now. I also experimented with psychedelics, hoping that they would make me a better person, let me discover myself, solve my inner-problems but they didn't help either. Even when high on cannabis, I still feel an emptiness inside me. I'm missing some integral part of what I want out of life. I need to change, I need to change something.

I've thought about just running away. Just getting a good amount of money, assuming a false identity and traveling across the globe... however far that money takes me. But the problem there is with that is that I'll be alive and I'll think about how sad my parents (especially mom, I don't care that much about my dad) are because I did what I did. They'll feel the same way if I kill myself but at least I won't exist to see it. I don't even know how I would kill myself. I would have to guarantee it. I would probably buy a lot of heroin, use for a long time until my tolerance is too high. Overdose and jump off of a bridge or something.

I feel empty. I feel like my future is in danger. I feel like I'll never truly be happy. If my parents stop supporting me, or if I don't have a job when I graduate, I'll have to go back to my country and I don't want to. But also not going back means my mom will miss me even more and she might need me both emotionally and physically.

I realize this is a huge wall of text but thanks for reading. For others... TL;DR: I'm thinking of ending my life.

