I am too much and I have enough.
First of all, I want to apologize for all of my mistakes, English is not my native language and right now, even if I am not that bad at English, I can't stay focused to write properly, so if anyone at all will read it: I am deeply sorry for all of the mistakes.

I just have enough. Because of my freakin CPTSD depressive dysphoric anxious and God only know what else issues my GF broke up with me, because I hurt her, cause I was afraid that I am making her unhappy and said some stupid shit like "maybe you just need a normal boyfriend", and she got tired of my issues and the fact that I didn't get better even if she tried to help me wholeheartedly. She was I am just way too damaged to make someone else happy, people ALWAYS get tired of me. It's our 2nd breakup, the first one happened because she was depressed and she didn't know what she was feeling back then at all due to depression caused by dysphoria and other things. Then she realized she always loved me and asked if we can get back together again, on which I gladly agreed. I loved her the whole time and I was severely depressed and suicidal for the whole time between the day when she broke up with me and the day we started dating again. But now it's because of my one, but big mistake. Because of not being strong enough, because of being damaged as hell, to the point where I was constantly anxious od being a problem. Back then, after our first breakup, she told me that we may try to get back together after everything gets better, but she can't promise, and so we did. Right now, after this breakup, she cried a lot, she told me shes still loves me, but we both should work on our problems and maybe one day, when we are healed, we will try once again. But I am afraid that she has already changed her mind. She was telling me she loves me too for two days after breaking up with me, on the 3rd day she stopped, only said it's okay and she doesn't mind when I say that I love her. It's one week after breakup, or two, I don't know. Since then I ate like.. five times, and slept only during three nights.

The point is...  I am tired of myself, of not being good enough, of always driving people angry and tired of me and of how long it takes for things to get better when I'm in the darkest place mentally. I don't care about my transition (i'm FtM trans),  even if I'm really close to getting diagnose and prescription for testosterone. If not that damned dysphoria, everything would be better. But I am way to screwed. Noone ever could love someone as trashy as me. Literally noone. My previous, borderline narcissistic girlfriend told me that noone ever will be able to handle me and my problems and love me despite these things besides her. Well, I guess she was right. As well as my alcoholic father, WHO used to say through my entire life till my 20th birthday that I am cursed, noone would ever love me and I always make people unhappy, I am the reason of his bad luck and misfortune and so am I for other people and will always be. I had a self harm relapse as well. I feel the urge to harm myself badly every day, I am only three days clean, I have booked an appointment with therapist to get help, I am looking for a doctor to get antidepressants, but honestly? I just have enough. I am afraid I have destroyed it all and we won't get back together. I have skipped so many classes at university that they will prolly kick me out for that, so my future is screwed, after making it to the 2nd year of uni. I hate myself for being trans, I hate my dysphoria and the hell it caused in my head, I've been waiting for so long to get my diagnosis and prescription, but right now I don't care anymore, my family is borderline everything-phobic, my mother is a religious fanatic and I do not have any support from them. Funny enough, today I came back to my family house. Recently my father had a relapse and is drinking day after day, and right now I just want to end it all. I do not plan anything besides deciding on if I want to do it today or give myself a chance and maybe everything will be fine after a while. I am afraid that I lost everything.  I just hate myself. I wish i was never born at all. Everyone would be better off without me. People like me should just perish.