I'm 17, closeted transgender and in a really awkward situation where I can't get help?I'm 17, MTF (Male-to-female) transgender, although I no one knows and I'm keeping it a secret from everyone. I've had it since I was 12, but it hasn't been an issue until 5 months or so ago.


I (most likely) have gender dysphoria, and it is literally killing me, it takes all the motivation out of me, I have no care in the world for anything. I don't give a fuck about sixth form, or anything.



I started getting suicidal around Christmas time, but it was only when I was alone to my thoughts over an extended period of time. That then became every time I was alone, but now it is constant, from the minute I wake up to the minute I go to sleep.

I now carry a whole load (3 boxes of 16 pills) of paracetamol (it's called acetaminophen in other countries) in my bag everywhere were I go now, just simply because having the option on me is really comforting, it's nice having an option to go out should I need it.





Here's the problem. I was going to get help, I worked enough courage up to see my GP and tell him I am suicidal and I need help. But then literately the day I was going to go to my GP, a close family member does the exact same thing (she is 14). Of course I do worry about her and helping her as much as possible.



In the past I've read articles on how to tell if a teen is depressed, and I've managed to learn how not to look depressed so if my parents end up reading it online they will think I am fine. Some of it I've been able to hide well, but some of it I can't. Like I avoid talking and saying about certain things, I hide how much I am actually eating, just so they think nothing is going on. I'll just say I'm lazy at school instead of saying I am transgender and the dysphoria is making it impossible for me to function.



I've been put off on getting help because I fear it's going to look really suspicious why someone is suicidal and depressed and been taken to hospital because of it then literally a couple of days later I suddenly feel the same (I say suddenly because I've been hiding it quite well for a long time). Like, they are going to think I am doing it because I want the attention, or that I am doing it for some other reason, when in reality I just need to prevent myself from suicide.



I mean, I want to do it without anyone knowing, but when suicide and/or depression is involved generally they have to tell someone, especially if it is a minor.



What would you do if you were in my situation? Do I go to my GP and tell him, bear in mind it is incredibly risky, or just try to help myself in silence? I'm not entirely sure I'll be alive this time next year if I continue getting worse, which I have been.


 