My pathetic badly written storyI am from Germany and on tablet, so bare with my awful writings.
I am 18 years old, Live at my mothers house, Virgin, jobless, only 3 friends over the internet and I constantly lie about the tinyest things.
I've been suicidal for a while now. I lied about going to a school for social pedagogy for a whole year. And before that I skipped school often times by acting I was sick. I hate being a liar, but I just can't stop.
When I was 12 or something I never washed my hair more than once a week, so my Hair was super itchy. I used to rip out Hair and it seems i ripped Out the roots aswell, so now I have bald spots on my head. It looks fucking retarded.

What I do now is: wake up eat cornflakes and later on a Pizza, play or browse in the internet and fall asleep when I am too tired to keep my eyes open. I always tell my parents I look for jobs, but I am not, Not because I am Lazy, but because I am too scared to ask. I am too scared to talk to strangers. I really prefer staying inside. I am extremely introverted. I feel like such a wasted human life.

I want to kill myself for so long now, because I know almost nothing about the world and how it works. I feel like a 14 year Old who never got older mentally. I enjoy nothing but playing videogames and acting. Though Playing videogames is starting to bore me too and I get Anxious Playing with strangers.

The only thing that keeps me going, is acting. I had 2 years of English theater in my school. In One year I Even played the main role Hamlet. I love acting. I feel so comfortable when Playing, because I don't have to be myself.
But there are so many Young People like me going for this route and I have seen some people Way better than me in the acting classes I am taking right now. The place for actors is Super small. If I don't get accepted to an acting school this summer I will kill myself, because there is nothing else worth living for.

I wrote this while being Super tired maybe you'll respond. I may have missed something. And yea, I suck at writing stories.