I don't want to die, but I'm afraid I might.First off, let me say that there are two ways I could die.
1. I could consensually commit suicide
2. Or I could accidentally harm myself to death during a panic attack

I've grown up having a hard life. This isn't a throwaway but I'm not gonna give too many specifics. My mom was on drugs almost my whole childhood, which led to her leaving when I was in 4th grade. She came back and got sober years later and I now live wit her but thts later. I was picked on in school and the first time I ever tried to kill myself was in 5th grade. I went thru a cutting stage, tried to hang myself and my weight broke what the rope was tied to, tried to s lice my wrist open when a girl told me to when I told her I wanted to die, and did a pretty damn good job but somehow didn't cut the arteries, I sliced as hard as I could across the street so maybe thts why. Anyways my dad was abusive , stepmom too. I was sent to an all boys wilderness program for 15 months at age 16 because my stepmom wanted me gone. I've just struggled with this for a long time and it's really miraculous I'm still alive. Anyways I have just recently started to come to terms with the fact that I don't want to die because my panic attacks have been occurring more frequently and with more strenght(I have bad panic, anxiety, and extreme depressive disorders) I take clonazapam, but it doesn't seem to work. I've struggled with opiate addiction on and off for about 2.5 years. I relapsed a few weeks ago on my good friends 1 year anniversary of his death, and I've detoxed myself and relapsed every 5 days then started over 4 times Since then and currently am on a two day relapse after five days of mild withdrawal. I'm gonna start over again tomorrow, and plan on following through and staying clean. I'm tired so I'm rambling but I saw tht helmet post on the front page and it's put me in a kindof suicidal state. I just can't stop thinking about it, and I can feel the panic creeping on. It's not withdrawals, so its just my depression. I guess I'm just afraid because of the panic and I'm rly hurting inside from a lot of personal things. I just hate life. A lot. I'm almost misanthropic sometimes, and sometimes i believe in world peace. I'm also afraid I'm going to Lose my mind completely someday, and hope I die if I do. I don't know, I guess I just needed to vent and can't tell a doc cuz I'm not going back to the hospital. Made that mistake once.
Tl/dr I'm chronically depressed and I am lonely and kindof feel like suicide would be an option right now.