I was happy one year agoOne year ago I was kinda happy. My life was pretty boring and eventless, and I had a terrible self esteem and kinda hated myself, but at least I wanted to live. I could find happiness in the smallest moments in life and felt excited over the future. But now, a day can barely pass without me wanting to kill myself. All it took for my life to be "ruined" was one decision that didn't seem bad in that moment, and a few pretty harmless life changes that just became too much when accompanied  by my decision. Now I'm in a situation that I can't get escape in any good way. No matter what I do, I'll suffer. I'm stuck. I'm so stuck. 

I'm lucky in a lot of ways but that doesn't stop the pain I'm feeling. It doesn't stop the feelings I have about being stuck, feeling hopeless, exhausted, sad, anxious. Everything feels meaningless. I don't even see any point in living anymore. I never thought I'd be suicidal, I didn't understand how someone would wanna stop existing, but here I am. If it weren't for the fact that my family would be devastated if I killed myself, I probably wouldn't be here by now. Because I can't imagine how things would ever get better again, I can't imagine ever feeling happiness again. 

Nobody knows how I'm feeling. My parents have seen me breaking down and crying like crazy a few times, but they forget about it and think I'm fine just because they haven't seen me cry in two days. But I'm never fine, I have my good days, and during those good days I sometimes feel hope. I start thinking that maybe happiness isn't forever gone? But then the next day is terrible again, and more things keep on happening in life and things keep getting worse, and those good days are becoming fewer and fewer. 

Sometimes I think about reaching out to a friend (even though I don't have any super close friends that I talk about things like this with), or talking to a psychologist or so. But at the same time it feels pointless, because no one can pull me out of the situation I'm in. 

I'm only 19 but I feel like my life has been ruined in just one year. One year ago I was pretty innocent and happy, I hadn't experienced real suffering, I hadn't the seen the scary and terrible things in life. Now I have. And I'm not dealing with it well.