There's something wrong with meLike, mentally. Forgive me, I've never posted anything like this before, so it may be more rambling than anything. I've suffered from depression since highschool (senior in college now) but that, I've kept a pretty good handle on. As in, most of the time I can push past it and not let it control me. But for years, I had thought about, and recently considered ending it. Now, I think this is the part where I'm supposed to tell you all the hardships I've been through and how rough my life has been. But that's the thing, it hasn't been. That is, it hasn't been any more difficult than anyone elses. I grew up with a family that loved me, had everything I needed. I have a close group of friends, a job I genuinely love and high in my career field. A girlfriend that loves me unconditionally. Hell, at times I'm kinda conceded. So I want to know. Can someone please tell me, why. As fucking fantastic as my life is would I want to end it. It's always been something in the back of my mind. I've always brushed it off as having a bad day, or being weak. But lately, the impulse has been stronger. I find myself just going through a normal day, and for seemingly no reason I think "what if I just went home and did it today?" And it's frustrating, wanting to end my life for no apparent reason? Its so stupid and I hate myself for it. For being so selfish, so stupid. But I can't help it. I realize this probably means there's something mentally wrong with me. But I don't even know who to see about it. Therapists are expensive, I'm living off a college budget. The thing that scares me most is, I think the only reason I haven't done anything yet is because my mom. She is the one person in the world I can say I truly care about. Remeber that girlfriend from earlier? On paper we are perfect for each other but I find it hard to care about anyone, another frustrating point. But, I think about how much it would hurt my mom and that pretty much keeps me from doing anything rash. But when she passes, I'm trily afraid I won't have anything else left to keep me grounded. I'm not sure if any of this even makes sense. Ive never really told anyone any of this. And here I am, putting pretty much everything out to a bunch of strangers. So, again, forgive for the lack of organization. But, thats also how my mind works. So, I'm not really sure why I decided to post here. It's been really rough lately, and I guess it did help a little to get this off my chest. I know I'm not alone, but I can't talk to anyone about this. It would be devastating if my family knew and I feel like none of my friends would understand. Did I mention I have a hard time connecting with people? Anyway, I guess that's my story. I just don't know what to do. 