I do not feel irrational but I do want to end my life.I can't help but believe that ending my life is the rational decision.  The fact that I'm unable to is an irrational decision based on fear and instinct.  I hate my life.  I hate myself.  I do not want to get better, I just want my life to end.  I've had 33 years of trying to get better, trying to change but I don't.  I'm as lonely, sad and pathetic now as I was when I was a teenager, except perhaps more so because I have almost no hope left when I had maybe a small amount back then.   Hope is really cruel, it makes you not kill yourself when it would have been for the best.  I spent 2 months in a mental ward after my last attempt, I tried pills, meditation, and stutpid crap to try and get better but  4 years later I am still me.  There is not one time since that attempt that I do not wish I had not woken up and only the fear of being incarcerated in that place made me try to fight it.  At no point was I glad to be alive,  I am mostly pissed off that I survived.  I vowed that the next time I would jump from the 9th floor of my building so as to guarantee.

But I am a coward, unable to do it, unable to seek help except this stupid plea in the dark, anonymous.   I write these in the hopes of finding the courage to actually jump.  But I never do, and that is just the failure cherry on my life.  I can't help but feel the world would be a better place without me in it and I better off with ending.  But their is always that fucking shred of hope that makes me think maybe... maybe i'll lose 200 pounds, maybe i'll make a connection with another human maybe i wont always wallow in lonelynes and despair.  That shred of hope keeps me alive and I hat e it for that.  I want to exitinguish that last bit of thinking that things might get better so that I can end.  I'm so tired of being me. I'm so fucking disgusting, I really wish I had the courage to end.  Every fucking day without fail i think I should kill myself.  You think their would be a day where my outlook would be better but anytime I give myself time to think I plan my death,  so i try to drown out my thoughts with books and video games and movies but anytime i have time to think...   Anyways that's how i feel tonight,  I'm closer to the brink then most nights but I don't think I have the courage to end it today.  But I can't sleep for  thinking about it, so i spew this garbage out to the fucking internet.
