serious tw: im everyones problemi want to run away and hang myself somewhere nobody will find my body and blame it on themselves, because what was the point in me living anyway, im an autistic piece of shit and everyone hates me for that by default because im so fucking weird, im a fucking worthless trans boy who cant pass to save his life, whats the point? ill never live a life i want, ill never be biologically male. i want to kill this body so badly, all it has done is wronged me. oh and my fucking brain, im going to cut that up even more, ill rip it whole out of my head and smile before and after i do it, because ive never wanted the hassle of that stupid thing anyway. all that brain does is cause me and everyone else pain. i just want
to feel okay for once for fucks sake but
i cant have that an i fucking hate it, im such a lonely worthless hunk
of junk and i shouldve been gone years and years ago, im so sick of being lonely, if rather kill myself then ever be lonely again whats the point? why do i try? i truly am alone and ill be dead before i ever get the help i need

im so sick of the pain, im so done its all stupid

its all fuckimg stupid snd irs all gonna
kill me anyway

all ive ever wanted is peace but im not allowed that

ive never been a fighter and i never will be, im the weak and useless one of us all, and yet im the host??
what is wrong with them? why did they pick me?? im hopeless.. i dont want to be the host i want to be safe ive never been a leader id rather follow, as a follower i cant do anythimg wrong

im so tired of what im expected to be, im expected to be strong and have anger issues but thats juno, im expected to be good at acting and bubbly and socially confident but thats louisa, im so sick of it. i wish i could just tell them all that im not either..


but of course telling them
that would be another worthless battle in itself because suddenly im dangerous all of a sudden just because i mentioned that i have alters and im nothing that you cunts said i was, yknow suddenly theyre worried about us knifing someone or some shit, are you kidding, none of us can even put together a jigsaw together properly, you fucking flaming idiots, im sick of being assumed as one person, im sick of the bullshit and most of all im sick to death of failing people.

it seems like no matter what i do, what i say, what i think, everything i say think or do is always a problem to SOMEONE, someone will always find something to scream at me at,  even down to the way i speak alone.

i wish i could change how i am. i dont want to be recognized as autistic i want to be recognized as a human fucking being for once, but fuck that ever happening. i hate myself, i really fucking hatr myself. i wish i wasnt like this. i wish i didnt have all these bullshit mental problems, i wish i was never born in general, because from birth ive been everybodys problem. im only alive to keep people happy, because i already know that if i finally gathered the courage to end this pathetic mistake of an existence, id be an inconvenience to everyone yet again.

i just want to live alone in peace, with a body i can stand, a life i can stand, and a brain i can stand, thats all ivr ever wanted in life yet i doubt ill ever get it.

ill be dead before anyone even makes a half assed attempt to get me help before i destroy this body.

i know i have my girlfriend but in reality shes just another person im a failure to.


she tells me i dont fail her, she tells me she loves me and she would never hate me but is that really true, because everyone else on the planet said that and immediately followed it up with a list of everything i do wrong everyday.

and these same people preach at me for ten hours about how suicide is not the answer and all that bollocks, when less then half an hour ago they were telling me that everything i do down to the way i act and the way i talk is wrong and bad. oh, so suicide is not the answer then huh? then why dont you tell me how im meant to stop being a problem to everyone i associate with? huh? yeah. thought so.

im just an emotional punching bag for everyone, and can you blame them? id make fun of someone like me too. theres nothing about me that makes me easy to talk to or interact with. im hopeless. i wish i could stop being such a mistake. i wish i was aborted or died at birth. i shouldve died, because its miserably obvious i was never meant to be alive, and everyone knows that.

i wish i had the courage to do it myself. but let me tell you, if a car came straight at me threatening to take me, i would lay down and let it. though some fucker would probably save my life anyway and id curse at them forever.

i just want peace. thats all.

im going to be such a worthless waste of space as i get older as well, ive had no decent education, i cant commit to anything and my mental illnesses control my whole life, im going to be a deadbeat piece of shit forever, never going to get a job or nothing, or get fired from the job in the first two weeks. ill be either homeless and on the streets, hoping ill die in some filthy ditch soon if i take enough drugs, or ill be a waste of my girlfriends time and money. ill likely be in a care home when im fucking 30 because i cant move anymore.. my body is failing me in every way possible. i am destined to fail. and people say ‘thats not true thats not true’ but it really is, its just the cold hard truth.


im the kid that gets cropped out the school photos, and im sure my mom and everyone wished for some academic genius, not some pathetic multiple mistake like me.
nobody should want me.

im such a fucking disappointment.