I'm hurting so much.I'm almost 40 and just had my 2nd boyfriend which only lasted 3months. He dumped me yesterday bc I asked him if he ever told his parents that we're now in a serious relationship instead of me being some girl he was sorta seeing. He lashed out at me and cursed me out all day today then made it very clear by repeatedly cursing why tf am I calling him and trying to talk to him, do I understand that we have NO RELATIONSHIP whatsoever? Stop calling him, he doesn't give a shit about me. 

Well, here's my backstory - 9yrs ago, I decided on career change and worked my ass off for 3yrs to get into grad school. I chose the wrong school and faculty hated me so much. 6months before I was set to graduate they kicked me out of the program for no good reason. I had a 3.78 GPA, I was finishing up my clinical rotations, but apparently they never planned on letting me graduate. A VP board member told me that it's common practice at their university for programs to keep students in the program as long as possible to make money off those students when they already know they don't plan on letting certain students they dislike graduate. They get away with it bc it's a religious private institution so they have so many loop holes. When the loopholes don't work, their power attorneys keep extending the trial until they bleed the students dry and former students trying to sue the school can no longer afford to pay attorney fees to continue fighting. I lost 7yrs of my life and came out of that school with PTSD, depression, and anxiety. I tried to kill myself 3xs while I was in the program, but each time I was brought back. I spent 2yrs trying to pull myself out of depression and not end my life. Things just barely started to get better this year. Then I got together with my boyfriend and at first it was phenomenal - but that only lasted 3wks. After that he started getting so temperamental with me and would lash out at me when things in his life stressed him out or he was having a bad day. Stupid me kept going back to him bc he'd apologize and give me so many empty promises. The last 2months were so tumultuous and now it's over bc I asked him a question. 

What do I have to live for? I have no support system. I don't really have friends, I don't have a relationship with my family except for my mom and she can be a real bitch. She calls me a loser for being hurt over this. I can't find a job bc I'm not qualified for anything. Companies find it suspicious that I have such a gap in work history, but I can't exactly explain to them that I went for a career change and that failed. That just makes me look even worse. And honestly, I've really wanted to find love more than anything. That's why I kept going back to my ex every time he apologized for lashing out at me or dumping me nearly every weekend. But this time he's done with me for good - which is a good thing bc I was becoming a door mat. I just feel like I don't fit in this world and I don't want to be in it anymore. 40yrs of my life so far have been a lot of tragedies, horrors, and messed up things. What do I have to look forward to? I'm too naive and stupid for this world. I'm not strong enough to continue on. They say you gotta love yourself, but how do you love yourself when no one's shown you what love is? My family never loved me and made it a point to let me know I was a burden to them growing up. I spent so much of my 20s trying to win their love and affection by paying their bills, fixing their credit, and taking care of them. When I fell into debilitating depression, suddenly I was the good for nothing child and loser. They say there's always someone in the world who loves you that you just don't know... I can honestly say, that's not the case with me. All my friends move on wtih their lives. They've all gotten engaged, married, or started a family and don't have time for me. I called the suicide hotline and the lady rushed to get me off the line and only made me want to end my life even more. I feel absolutely hopeless and empty inside. I'm in so much internal pain and heartbreak that I don't want to keep going. How do I stop this? What if the next 40yrs is even worse than my first 40yrs? I can't handle anymore trauma and bad crap. This world wouldn't notice if I was gone. I can't stop crying and wondering why I'm such a f\*\*\*ing loser.