I knelt on a chair that was high enough for more than half my body to be out of the window.My bed and study table are placed beside my window. I live on the 6th floor and I'm one who is terrified of heights. Suicidal tendencies happened so frequently back then and was put on meds. They went away for a while but recently, they came back to haunt me. Every day I wish I was dead. Every night, I'd look out of the window and think about what my life would be like after my body hits the ground floor. I was too much of a coward to go ahead with it. How foolish. I have no one in this world except my bf to depend on and worst part is, we're doing long distance. He's pretty strong mentally and emotionally but I'm the complete opposite. There are times that he goes out with friends and most of them are girls. I trust him because he isn't that kind of person to go and cheat on me. I hope. So, obviously, I get jealous so easily cause I'm sensitive and I hate how anxiety creeps up on me and tells me ridiculous things. There's really no point for me to worry about him cheating on me but I couldn't help it. I choose not to tell him what I feel or what goes through my head because I want him to have a good time instead of staying on a video call with me 24/7. The stupid things I do to make him happy but I suffer in silence. What an idiot.

Sometimes, I thought of breaking up. Not because I didn't love him enough, but because I want him to have a better person and someone who can give him the best. He knows I have depression and knows how fucked up I am. I wish I died so that I can spare him and let him lead a better life with someone who is enough for him.

I can't bring myself to open up to anyone anymore because it's tiring. It's tiring to speak about my pain because no one can help. All they can do is helplessly listen to me rant.

I'm supposed to meet my boyfriend tomorrow for a 3-day trip with his friend and the girl. Basically a double date. I don't feel like going anymore. I don't feel like existing or being around.

I get jealous of anyone who is with him because it's not me. Things get worse if it's a girl that's with him. How foolish of me.

I'm not making any sense at this point. I just need to vent it out cause I'm so exhausted and the pain is so unbearable. I don't want to be the killjoy in another's life. 

I really want to go

I don't support suicide nor do I support self-harm but this is just for myself. I don't want to hurt others so if you're reading this and know of ways to kill yourself without making a mess and making it as painless and swift as possible, please DM me. Again, I don't condone to such actions but who am I to say that? 

Such hypocrisy lol

TLDR; I'm suicidal.