I don't want to live anymore.I don't even know where to begin writing this. I've been slowly losing my will to live and I think I'm nearing my peek. I've always been optimistic and looked on the bright side of things, but this optimism has withered away. I think the only thing that's keeping me from taking my own is "mom would be sad". It's "funny", you see all the "mom would be sad" memes and they have their comedic value but they couldn't have been more close to home. Maybe I can write to how I got this point in my life. My parents moved to Canada from the middle east I was only 9 years old. I was happy back then but I think this all because I was ignorant about the world as a whole. Immigrating shook my entire family over time. Amongst the biggest hurdle my family faced was financial stability, life was very expensive. Despite the struggles my mom still put effort to make us happy, she bought us (my siblings and I) Xbox, desktop when the time came, and tried to keep us fed. Back in middle school though I would get made fun of for wearing "the same clothes" every day" (it was more like every week). I knew my mom was struggling and not once did I mention this to her. I will be taking this with me to the grave before she finds out. Probably the only thing that kept me from being physically bullied in school is my dismissive attitude and over whelming hight and physical strength compared to other kids. Other than the social problems, I faced family issues. Turns out coming to the west opens up the door to freedom of speech, religious freedom, and women inpowerment. Values foreign to those who live in the east. I think my mom felt she was robbed of the life she could have had and amongst a lot of self deliberation she converted to Christianity. I don't think my dad's side of the family were pleased with this decision. Facing differing philosophical views and financial hardship (debatable, maybe my dad had more money than he was willing to share) my parents were arguing, yelling, and fighting (not physical) every day. I was in grade 12 and never told a soul about this. My personal views at the time was family problems remain only in the family and this was my burden to share. Obviously my marks in school have slipped, a devastating blow to any person applying to university. I still manged to get in. Not my program of choice, but a respectable program at a prestigious university. I lived with my mom throughout university and had to commute 1+ hour single direction to go to school. Tuition was expensive, food was expensive, school was expensive. Even with a student loan it's crazy to think that anyone can keep up. Everyone around me was having fun though and going out and drinking and partying (I partake in either, not of religious reasons, I detest religion after seeing my family divided.). I was just suprised people had money for this while I had nothing to spare. My first year of university my parents divorce was peaking and their vigorous battle was fought over custody of my younger brother. Turns out divorces are costly too and some of my student loans went into debt my parents have accumulated ( unpaid water/ electricy bill, property tax, moms cc debt, more.) I have probably put in +10k in total covering for this while most of my friends had resp plans and support of their parents. I finished my first year with a 0.77 cGPA placed on academic probation. I spent my entire second year trying to meet the requirements for university academic probation and was not doing so well by the first semester. After speaking with my registrar at the time she said if I were to petition a suspension at the end of the year then it would not work because I had not taken all options to remedy my situation. She suggested getting mental help to show that I've done something to remedy my situation. I got mental help through the university, not because I wanted but because I had to incase I wanted to petition a suspension. I was depressed at the time and had mild suicidal thoughts but I can see the light at the end of the tunnel if I can get past this hurdle. I didn't really believe in mental help, and lied or omitted things about the situation I was going through to the person helping me at the time. The entire process never did help me, it was a means to an end. I barley passed second year and thankfully didn't face suspension. Rinse and repeat third year but performed slightly better. Though this time I applied for an internship through the university and despite having shitty marks and nothing to show a shred on intelligence I got a 16 month internship at a globally known and respected company. This was the first summer I was not a minimum wage slave working in a warehouse. Those 16 months and the few years after I was the happiest I've been. I finally had money, I bought a cheap car, my parents divorce was finally over and these 16 months bought me time away from school. I did really well at my job enough to be candidate for rehire provided I graduate the following year. I thought this was my key to happiness I can finish school and be before. I learned to be frugal and saved up enough money to pay off my entire student loan from a single internship even covering the cost of my final year. Once I returned to my final year in school I took a course overload to make up for dropped courses and past failure. Had to petition the registrar to allow me to do this. All so I can graduate on time. I was prepared, I skipped class and focused my self on learning at home. I didn't waste time commuting despite having a car now. I finished my last year with a 3.4 GPA raising my cGPA significantly beyond the minimum needed to graduate and I got rehired for work. I thought I was happy, I thought I can do anything. Though this entire effort took a cost to my social life as during those years I had neither the time or money to go out. I thought it's ok because I'm "free" now. It started out fine I was happy and took my time settling in. In two years I was promoted. I started dating again tinder/bumble ( past experience was limited, danced with highschool crush and going out with a random girl I met on the bus. Few people here and there, but nothing ever serious. I'm never honest with my feelings I guess and my more immediate problems took precedence at the time). I thought I was happy but life started getting boring, amongst endless swiping you'd get a match every now and then, and should it ever come to a date then it dies before the second date when either her or I lose interest. I've tried traveling, meeting people, everything is boring and seems meaningless. Everything that used to make me happy doesn't, everything lost its purpose. I'm estranged with my brothers. I have not talked to my dad on over 2 years. I have no other family here but my mom who I live with and help out. Life was boring but I was not depressed at least. Buying things doesn't make me happy or bring me joy. I have 6 figures saved by now and nothing to spend it on. The housing market is also so oblique buying a house to live in is a hopeless dream. I feel alone with no one to relate to my problems. Recently I met a girl I asked out at a restaurant. I was happy again for a brief moment. I'm not really sure why, but I fell in love with her. After two month of talking (we rarely meet due to situation) I told her how I feel about her. The response was not the desired one. We continue to talk for a little while longer and now she vanished. If all things to tip me over the edge this was it, I don't know why. I can't sleep I've been getting 4 hours of sleep daily I'm tired. I don't feel well. For the first time in a really long time I cried a few drops of tears. I don't want to work. I thought I can tough out and work on past dreams and goals but I lost my motivation but I couldn't. Everything I do in life seems meaningless, what am I doing this for. My suicidal thoughts are coming back, worst than I've ever had in the past. I've already thought several times about how I'm going to do it. I cried writing this. The only thing stopping me is worry about my mom, though I don't think it will be long before I cross this hurdle. All these hurdles in life, but this is how is gonna end....