Not long now till I break. I'll try to make this as short as possible... and thanks in advance to anyone who's reading this, I really appreciate it.  

   I'm from the middle east, I came to the United States in the summer 2000; I was 13 years old.  Anyway, my English was very poor back then, failed my first year of high school, had no friends and cried a lot at home in the bathroom because I got made fun of. Spet. 11, 2001 comes along and I remember classes being stopped.  While I was on my way to the bathroom, I notice two typical jock kids come to me and say "Hey, did you hear? your uncle bombed the twin tours."  Then they both laughed... I laughed with them because I thought they were telling me a joke and they took offense to that. I got my ass beat pretty bad by both of them.  I kept all this information to myself and said nothing to no one when questioned.  While I was getting beat, I kept remembering the time I was 7 years old and being molested and raped by two of my uncles(on two separate occasions).  They pretty much took advantage of me till I was about 9 or 10 years old.  I don't really remember too well, I try to block it out.  fast forward to college, I started drinking a lot and making up stories about who I am and who I was.  The stories started to become more and real and real, meaning, even I starting believing them.  I would make up stories like I was in a semi-pro MMA fighting leagues.  I would memorize fighters in that league and tell bullshit stories about them and how we'd hang out and spar and whatnot.  I think i kept doing this to make people like me and not mess with me.  Even though that was the past... I kept lying to my friends even though I know they won't hurt me or think of me any less.... I'm ashamed of my dark past and all the abuse I got from relatives and family.  I'm on my 8th year of college, total failure.  I have bad health problems, my esophagus is pretty much destroyed from drinking, smoking and eating unhealthy.  Every bad smell makes want to throw up.  My OWN FARTS MAKE ME THROW UP! All my friends think I'm this perfect nice guy with a fantastic hilarious personality but deep down, I want to end it all... This sucks. It sucks a lot. Thanks for listening...