Can't keep fighting.I'm on mobile, so I apologize for any errors.  This is also kind of a mini rant.  


I've felt this constant fatigue, and it's been for awhile.  (as early as 6 or 7) Looking back, what I thought was normal parenting absolutely wasn't...  For starters:  my Dad was physically and emotionally abusive towards my brother.  My Mother, even though she saw this, did nothing.  She claims she never saw it, but she was right next to me during at least one of the scenes...  Now, I know that has nothing to do with me, but I swear I'm getting to it.  


Basically, in my teens my Mother did what my Father did to me.  She would also tell my father about how I was 'out of line', which would earn me a slab of emotional abuse from my Dad.  He later found out she over exaggerated it and otherwise lied to get everyone 'on her side'.  


I had tried to kill myself several times when I was in high-school, but ended up failing.  An attempt later, I told my Mother how I was suicidal, which wasn't exactly smart now that I'm thinking about it...  She basically rationalized why she abused me and iced it with an, "you're not depressed."  I'm not sure what I was looking for there, but I guess I felt I could still trust her as a parent?  I was...so wrong.


Now, it's just turned into, "oh, she's crazy," gossip.  She tells extended family, and anyone else that will listen about the things I say and shout in my sleep.  They seem to line up with my intrusive thoughts from what I overhear...  They're violent in nature, which I don't believe in.  The only person I'm a danger to is myself...  She still does the whole smear campaigning thing as well, and my brother acts like her and my father combined.  He's much more manipulative however.  She's been increasingly unstable, and her and my brother seem to enjoy triggering me on purpose.  I know they're all in some sort of pain and I can empathize with that, but that shouldn't come at someone else's expense...


I'm not exactly sure what to do now because I go through bouts of wanting to off myself and wanting to keep fighting so I can make a difference in someone's life.  I've reached this point where I'm leaning on the former.  


There's a lot, but I really want to keep this short.  I apologize, and hope your day is  going well!