I hate morningsI used to love mornings a long long time ago. Now (and it's been years), the first few seconds of waking up are still a bliss, not yet knowing who I am, where I am, but as soon as the awarness comes... This poweful, dull pain around my chest. Everything feels heavy, I feel sick and have so much resistance to do anything. It physically hurts to stand up, I try to put on am autopilot to wash my face. It's good for you if you have a routine. Drink a glass of water, too. I still look forward to coffee in the morning, but I'm keeping everything at minimum, it's so damn hard and pointless to dress up because there's so point. 

I feel so much energy, I could do anything, i get this short bursts of motivation but everything I do is forced. I feel sick. I see it's sunny outaide and I said I would go jogging but I just start crying and have been crying for more than 2 hours now. I can't stop. And these are not the type of tears you cry when you let something out of your cheat, it's pure pain and hopelessness. I was venting to a friend. She woke up to my stupid complaints, she doesn't know what to say but she still thinks it will be allright. She's a good person. Sometimes I get angry I even have people who care, even though my main problems are based on having a hard time on beong comfortable around people. 

 I can't  enjoy life anymore and it hurts so much. I can't even enjoy the present. Focus on the now... No. I KNOW the nature/movie plot/having some tea/... is beautiful, I just hate I can't be a part of it. I can't just turn on some music and chill. It hurts, i am never fully relaxed.

 Sometimes I put it back a little and get my hopes on living (loving, actually). I miss something I never had and I see no future for myself without it. I see no point in doing anything, except making others'life easier, because it's not their fault I'm like this. It still hurts like hell and I don't want to be here anymore. I feel trapped in the false hope, there's nothing I look forward to because I'm in so much pain. I could be on a tropical island and still feel like this. I don't want to be anywhere, actually. I can't think of a fulfilling future for someone like me anymore and I'm just passing by.