I've been down again recently, and I just found myself having some pretty terrible thoughtsHey, guys and gals. It's me again.

I'm sure that you're all familiar with my story, or at least my type. I have this tendency to get depressed around the winter months (though my blue feelings seem to know no seasonal boundaries), and for the most part, I've held it off this year.

Recently, though, I've noticed some terrible changes in my character. I feel lethargic all the time, and it makes me feel as though my life is pointless. I'm in this weird paradox where I want to be alive, but I don't want to suffer through the boring spots. I've also been trying to shed this whole thing where I put being in a relationship on a pedestal. It worked for a long time, but at least once every few days it comes back to haunt me.

All of these things have made me incredibly nasty towards at least one of my friends, and I find that coming out and talking to my friends is as effective as talking to a brick wall. I have a feeling that it's because I've got this one track mind, and it's so difficult for me to break it.

I've read a lot of different stories from this particular sub-Reddit where people are trying to get over relationships, and part of the responses is "it just takes some time." I think that I'm just realizing how long it really will take for me. I wasn't just in a relationship with my ex-girlfriend, I had a crush on her for three years, and I still think about her (though it's getting to be less frequent as days go on).

I can't find a job, but at the same time I acknowledge that I certainly haven't put forth the necessary effort. I know that there are people who turn in applications every day, and I only fill out a handful of applications periodically only to be disappointed when no one calls. My dad convinced me that I had a slam-dunk over at a gas station, because the manager offered *him* a job; but when he went to check, the manager told him that they weren't hiring because they're short on hours as it is. Need less to say, I was incredibly disappointed.

It hasn't been all bad being single and unemployed, though. I went back to school, and made the Dean's List last semester. I suppose it's just difficult for me to put the good things on a similar level as the bad things.

The reason that I'm writing tonight is that I had fantasies about cutting myself not 45 minutes ago. It's the first time I've had such morbid thoughts in a very long time, and it convinced me that I needed to write something that someone would read and give me a decent response, and not just "Oo."

tl;dr version: I'm feeling like a great pile of excrement, could someone please help?