Very grimI recently moved back to my abusive childhood home for lack of options after my wife cheated on me and played games with my life. I have no friends to speak of, no support financially or emotionally or otherwise, no connections to this place anymore that might help me get somewhere and most of all no will to continue suffering in this mess.

I have been trying to get myself employed so that I can move out and just paint, but because I've been living in a foreign country for 3 years, all my personal references have since died or moved away. I am an enigma, basically, so getting an employer to hire me is proving to be impossible. Given that my fate is essentially tied to my ability or rather inability to get a job, then I really have absolutely no idea what I'm supposed to do. Keep in mind that I'm literally applying for the most common work with no qualifications required. Furthermore, I have basically fabricated my C.V. and tailored it to fit to the jobs I'm applying for. Even lying through my teeth, without references, I can't get a job. Meanwhile, my wife is moving on with her life in her apartment with our cat and her relatively well paid job. Great.

My life has been such a train wreck since the start and I hate this living situation with this wretched woman that I call my mother so much that I am just so unhappy. I'm so fucking unhappy, all day everyday. I can't believe that my marriage went like this and that she turned out to be exactly the same as everything and everyone up until that point. None of it seems fair. It all feels like purgatory. Like some big test or game.

I have a lot of misplaced anger. I've started to feel violent and abusive. This is so out of character for me that I'm actually pretty scared. I am no stranger to anger, but this is different. I am so cold most of the day when I'm not feeling violent. I walk to try to alleviate my problems and while it used to work, it doesn't anymore. I don't know what to do. I feel volatile and dangerous. I feel as if I am doing everything that I should be doing to get myself out of my situation and it just doesn't matter. I am stuck and it's hell. I am so, so, so alone and I despair over it. I go for walks in the dark in the early winter mornings and I just feel like misery incarnate. I just can't escape and I can't relate and I can't get release and I can't seem to get anywhere. I have nothing. I spend 99% of my day alone and 1% of it being pissed off at having to communicate with someone I loathe with every ounce of my being. I fucking hate that I'm back here in this god damn house.

There is pretty much no positives for me for the foreseeable future and if my grandmother wasn't still alive, I would absolutely walk into the woods tomorrow and end it. But as it is, she's still around and I still feel compelled to make her last days not as miserable as my current day-to-day is. So here I am, writing another load of bullshit for a bunch of strangers that have a fleeting interest in something morbid or are equally suffering while looking for an out. I'd offer you an out if I had one, because jesus christ it fucking sucks not having anything or anyone to turn to.

That's all I got. Thanks.