I think my best friend is going to kill himselfHes been dealing with depression for years now ever since his mom died. His step mom doesn't treat him the best and he legitimately believes his family hates him. He has exclaimed that he feels like an obligation to them more than anything, despite his dad talking to him about it. He has less than no self confidence when it comes to every aspect of his life. He believes that everyone in our friend group sees him as the least important when I would argue the exact opposite. He is on meds that have seemed to help but about once a month or so he will have a complete and utter breakdown where no matter what you say, nothing gets through. For example, he is planning on asking a classmate of ours out in the near future, and had a breakdown over the possibility of her rejecting him. He isn't afraid of being rejected, but that she wont want to be friends with him at all afterwards because he "isnt anything special and she would have no reason to go out with him". He has acknowledged that he knows it's ridiculous, but he still feels the same way. He overreacts to every small negative thing that happens in his life and blows it way out of proportion. Nothing me or anyone else has said to him gets through, and I dont necessarily mean pointing out how hes wrong but rather trying to understand where he is coming from better. He continues to believe what he wants to believe. Being supportive doesn't help. He cant get a therapist in the area because they've all either been booked or didn't take his insurance. We've all told him to try an online therapist and he continuously claims that they wouldnt be able to help him. 

He told me earlier this year that he would never kill himself because he knows the pain it would bring his family. But being home for winter break has now made him feel unloved and he has made it clear he just wants to go back to school so he doesn't have to be home. If he doesn't feel loved anymore, then theres nothing stopping him. 

I dont know what to do anymore. I cant seem to help him.