I can't stop thinking about how badly I want a relationship.Being in Disney World has been amazing (see my previous post if you haven't caught up and if you want to), but man does it make my insecurities come to the forefront of my mind. Allow me to elaborate for those who care...

There are a lot of attractive people in the parks. Like, a ton of them. Some from separate nationalities and some from my own. I look around and see all the girls I take interest in physically, or I'll see a happy couple in the parks, and it'll really set me off. I'll think about how my hair makes me look, how my face looks, how my body makes me seem (since I'm unfortunately a heavier person due to stress eating over the years), etc. It makes me feel so insecure and as though I'm lesser than everybody. It feels terrible. It makes me feel like the unwanted, unlovable scum of the Earth. The very bottom of the barrel. The bottom of the bargain bin. Etc. It just really fucks with me. I've wanted to love somebody who is attractive to me via personality and looks amd vice versa for so long. I had a thought pop in my mind this morning. I was walking through the park with my friend and his family and I thought "Man, how great would it be if I had somebody of my own to admire during the long waits in the lines? My significant other would be off looking at the scenery out of boredom, and I could just soak in their beauty as they do. Then I'd call them gorgeous or something sweet like that, then they'd smile and we'd hug and stuff and continue to talk about whatever." It'd so simple yet so amazing. I want that so badly. I feel like I'm such a specific person in the sense that I feel so different from everyone and that it makes me unlovable by anybody. I don't know. It just really messes with me. Traveling when you're like myself (and many others on here) can be super tough on the psyche.

Sorry for the random rant. I just really wanted to share this. And, yes, I know relationships aren't only about looks. I was just speaking in a general sense. Anyways, thanks for reading and commenting if you do. Cheers.