The mysterious nature of suicidal thoughtsI "improved". Or I thought I did. In subconscious thought, it had been tempting to use "no suicidal thoughts" as a benchmark for "success". Over the two years I spent getting a hold on emotion (raw anguish, fear, guilt), I realized the mind doesn't improve in that way, or stay in one state or another.

So I have had days within the past year where I thought of when I had contemplated suicide and a voice said, "What if there is a possibility of feeling genuine happiness in this life? And on that day you will feel happy just for never going through with the act of suicide?" That day actually did occur, more than once. And I would see people complaining about the advice people give to just snap out of it, and think that they shouldn't complain, because there IS some truth to that idea. That they are attaching themselves to their bad feelings to make it part of their identity.

And so even though I was grateful then, on nights like tonight, the logical route of all thoughts seem to go to suicide. I agree it would look selfish. I think at the same time it could also be seen like martyrdom--whereby someone that knows of me would shift perspectives on what they see as their goals and impetus to move through the world. Either way this seems of secondary concern.

This shows how selfish I am being. My primary concern is how I would do it, because I would be scared of screwing up and then being in pain.

Why do I feel this way? It is from realizing how I cannot connect emotionally with anyone. It's not about being incapable of talking or making friends. Just that the wall or emotional barrier is ever present. What comes to mind as an example is when I made out with a girl for the first time within the past year. And I could not feel anything though I think I should have. 

I don't know how to leave this. I'd say my point is that suicidal thoughts can occur at any time, with the feeling of depression. Before, I would get anxious as I got suicidal, in the same way I'd get anxious when over-eating. Now there is no anxiety, just the suicidal thoughts. In the same way, at the end of last year I started binge eating just because I could without feeling scared or anxious about it (of course, it wasn't a voluntary choice to be greedy like that, it would just happen-- and then I'd have to do extra exercise). Like a new ability to self-destruct, that on one level I'm happy about because there's no fear that comes with it.

I just feel really tired all the time, and if I go into my head, I think of all the time of my formative years spent being afraid and anxious, acting in total avoidance and resistance. And I think, "ugh. what a waste."


**tl;dr** suicidal thoughts can happen even if you thought you'd gotten over whatever used to bother you.