Passively suicidal I NEED ADVICEHi again and I don't know if it makes me a loser for not having killed myself yet what with how much I've posted on this subreddit, I mean it's like jeeze just do it already! At least that's what I think. 

I got a job and I've managed it for a month now. I've actually been doing well these past couple months. It's disturbing how normal and happy I've felt. Well this past week I've felt like shit. Constant feeling of pressure and being overwhelmed. It is getting to me very much. Recently my doctors have been thinking I might be bipolar instead of having just major depression because I've experienced rapid cycling a few times starting last November. My moods have frequently shifted. That's why I knew that the normal feeling would not last. 

I have been feeling very depressed lately. And today I have been very suicidal? I keep switching to killing myself then deciding maybe not. It's really enticing. I have a bunch of benadryl, Tylenol, lithium, old Prozac and a couple of other things. Mostly I just want to die and the idea of taking the pills and being done with it is very very addicting and I can't stop thinking about it. 

I know it'll be painful, and gross. I'll probably vomit. I just don't care that much. I don't think I can handle being a normal human and maybe I don't want to deal with it. Be an adult, go to school pay taxes be successful etc etc. I didn't ask to be born. I don't want to be here. 

Sometimes I think about just getting some clothes and just leaving. I just want to leave. I want to be gone away from all people. I'm tired of people being in my business. I want to leave. I'm thinking about taking my pills and leaving and going to watch the trains and take the pills because then my family won't have to clean up the mess. I just want to leave. I'm so tired of being here. I'm tired of my mind that never shuts off. I'm constantly questioning everything. I'm so paranoid. I'm so difficult for my family and friends. I'm a shit person. I'm so selfish. I just please want it to end. 

I am thinking of leaving now. I want to leave. I have the pills. Should I go? I can't miss work tomorrow so if I'm gonna kill myself then I need to do it. Otherwise if I'm found and saved then my parents will be so disappointed in me because I'll lose my job and I'll be a failure again and I can't do that to them. Please help me. 