I'm tiredFirst, please excuse my bad English. Then...

As the title says, I'm tired. Tired of living. And I'm tired of struggling to make my life any better, only to worsen my condition. I'm tired of having every single friend I make, be it online or irl, take their distance from me because of how unstable I have become in the past year. And I'm also tired of being so fat, I'm tired of sitting home doing nothing instead of trying to lose some weight, not being able to breath properly and exhausting my stamina just by climbing stairs when coming back home. I'm tired of being miserable and not being able to do anything about it. 

I noticed I've lost another friend today. He just disappeared all of a sudden, and I can't blame him since I seemed to never have time for him, or other people. I was always in my world and whenever I got out of it, I could come at my friends either all eccessively enthusiastic, only to talk about something they didn't care about, notice they were not interested and then disappear again for a while as an excuse... or totally depressed/angry at smth for no reason apparently, ending up ranting for a while until they were so fed up with me that they'd stop reading my messages. I've lost my capacity of being present for the people I hold dear, and I think I'll find myself completely lonely sooner or later... I didn't have too many friends, you know.

This is just one of the reasons I would like to end my life but thinking of the rest feels like a mess and I don't know how to explain myself. I'm so confused it's hard to convey my feelings into words, and I can never explain thoroughly what I'm really thinking... It will probably happen this time too, but at least I could get out that little bit about me being tired... 

I don't even know why I'm writing here. I guess it was just to write it to some people who wouldn't just panic reading the word "suicide" or the phrase "I'm tired of living" and start yelling at me that suicide isn't a solution, that life is beautiful and I still have many things to see and live and shit because muhh their opinion and they have to force it into others without actually listening to what a person has to tell them.

The only reason I hesitate before gulping too many pills and finally going to bed forever is that I don't want to be remembered as a fat ugly antisocial nerd plus the fact that I'm worried someone will find my drawings and little "poems" as they often di express what I actually feel but I'm too attached to them and basically lazy to burn them all before ending my life. 

Thanks for reading and sorry for taking away your time just to put together too many turns of phrase and say nothing in the end. I think I feel a bit better seeing it "black-on-white", written and gathered together as it's so hard for me to gather all the pieces of my scattered thoughts and pull them together to actually say, or, in this case, write something. Though it always gets A BIT better... And then it gets back rolling down a hill just to end up on a pile of shit. I'm tired of that, too. This constant up and down that seems to always tend to the "down" side.

Thanks and sorry again.