My life has turned to absolute shit2 months ago my ex girlfriend broke up with me and I moved back in with my parents. I was living downtown going to school. My life was great and I was so happy. My online business was going great bringing in money while I was in class. Now it's doing like absolute shit and my competitor is beating me pretty badly.

Me and my ex were absolutely in love with each other. I had been with her for a year and I was positive this was the girl I would spend the rest of my life with. She broke up with me because she saw I was becoming a bum among other things that I could have done better. Basically I would still have her right now if I wasn't such a fuckup. I keep trying to tell myself that it was a "learning experience" and that the next one will be better.

My situation isn't getting any better. I still feel like shit every single day and I don't know how much longer I can take it. Add to this that a few of my friends have broken up with their girlfriends but they are back together. It just makes me wonder why that can't happen to me as well.

My life is just full of regret and I don't see any way out of it without putting in a bunch of effort. And even then it's not a sure thing. I don't want to have put in all this effort only to fail and be back where I am now.

I texted my ex a month after she broke up with me and she wanted nothing to do with me. All of her friends think I'm a monster and her parents hate me. I have been going over the idea of showing up to her house with roses. If it goes bad I am going to go downtown, go up to the roof of my old apartment building and jump. It's not the ideal way to die. I'd much rather go instantly but I have no access to guns or anything. I figure if I don't change my mind on my drive there I won't change my mind on the way down. The other option is the exit bag but that can apparently make you severely brain damaged if you don't do it properly or if somebody finds you before you die. So I've been thinking about sticking to a more sure way.

At this point the only things standing in the way are the fear of jumping and how my parents will feel. They'll feel like they could have done something, or that they're failures as parents. No matter what I write in my note I know the pain from me dying will stay with them forever. But sometimes I come to realize that absolutely nothing will matter after I'm gone and it makes me want to go through with it.