Suddenly Depressed?Basically I just started highschool this year, and I can't take it. I hate school, I hate lacrosse practice, and I'm struggling with what my religious beliefs are, and I am never happy anymore. I dread waking up everday. I'm trying the best I can to keep up my grades, but I'm still not doing too well, and my parents constantly remind me that I need to do better. I hate lacrosse and I'm not good at it, but all of my "friends" are in it and I feel trapped and like I can't quit because my parents shelled out a lot of money for my equipment and camp, and I would lose my group at school and have no one to sit with at lunch, and would be considered a pussy and a quitter if I did. I feel really stupid saying it, but lacrosse is probably one of the biggest reasons why I'm sad. I'm stressed out everyday, hoping that I don't do horrible at practice and reaching my physical limit everyday. The pressure to not drop the catch or to not lose the ball is too much for me. The atmosphere is very negative and unsupportive and I don't like the coach or the majority of the players. I'm never in the mood to play, I never have the energy to play, and I don't have the motivation. I really don't think I can go through another week like this one. I really feel lost and I need some guidance on what to do. I don't think I'd kill myself, because I still want to live, but just not right *now*. I wish I could just wake up a year or two from now, so then I'd have my act together with school, it'd be more appropriate to quit lacrosse, and by then maybe I'd have a couple of real friends, I'd know my religious beliefs, and maybe I'd be happy. But it's right now that I don't want to live. I just hate every day. And I want to just get through this phase in life, but I don't feel like I can cope for another week, or maybe it's that I can't cope knowing it won't get better for a while. The fact that I have a "good life" makes it only worse, it only shows how weak I am. All these sad feelings only came up recently, I'd been holding them in for awhile, and I guess it built up and they all came out at once

edit: thank you so much for those who replied, it truly means a lot, and I was actually in tears. Knowing that things will look up is unbelievably encouraging. I guess I still got a while to go before high school ends, but I guess I'll try to improve my life while I'm here as well, so I was wondering, does anyone have any suggestions on what I can do in my situation?