I don't knowThis is the first time I've ever posted something like this, or actually tried to talk about how I feel. I've come close about twice before, and always seem to regret it afterwards. I always find myself thankful I didn't let anyone on to how I really feel.

I don't know when the suicidal thoughts started exactly. Definitely High school, but beyond that I can't pin it down. I always felt like I wasn't good enough back then. I got along well enough, but it seemed like there was always some higher goal than what I achieved and I always seemed to fall short. Parents were pretty supportive I suppose, but they were the ones I always hated to disappoint, especially my father. I love him, but when he's let down, he let's you know it. This is to the point that everyone has to walk on eggshells around him. He's the type who can let his anger get the best of him. He's not abusive or anything, but again...eggshells. Anyway, I wasn't exactly the perfect student sometimes, and that disappointment I felt was probably what started it. 

It got worse when I went to college. 1st year came ant went without too much trouble. Never made any friends, so I stuck to my room a lot (this would prove to be trend during my time there). I got into some 3-semester internship type deal starting that summer. Wish I could say it was on my own, but that isn't true. I had an in. Unfortunately, I botched that right up by the end of the summer and I wasn't asked back. I still remember how long it took me to actually tell my parents that. The following year was a dud as well. I'm talking serious failures here, GPA killing stuff. By the end, I was in a daunting hole. Tried to recover over the next year, but it wasn't in my favor. Too many classes taken for new ones to matter that much. Ended up using up not qualifying for scholarship money anymore, so I had to stop. I couldn't go back home, not like this. I ended up taking care of my grandmother who lives a couple hours from campus while I bide my time and prepare until the day I can go back.

I feel like i'm just a burden on my family, an emotional and financial leech. I'm trying to do better and fix things, but a lot of the time I think it would be better in the end if I wasn't around. I think about it a lot now, just sitting and holding the handgun I wonder if I will use. Sometimes I put it to my head, sometimes I don't.  I always end up just calling myself a pussy and putting it away though. I gain some comfort thinking I might eventually have a the balls to do it.

Anyway, thanks for reading.