Please help. I can't stop thinking about suicide.I'm desperate beyond words.

I've been here in this mental and emotional place before, but not in a long time and I thought I was well past this. Not only am I clearly not, I'm more serious than I've ever been. I'm planning, and the more I plan the more I see this as my only outcome.

I realized tonight I'm not healthy - not for me or anyone else. I was in therapy and had felt more hopeful than I ever had. Things were looking up. I felt excited and hopeful for the first time as I worked through issues.

Suddenly it's all come crashing down and I'm seeing the problem isn't my messed up family, my tired partner, my shitty job ... It's me. It's always been me. I'm that common denominator. I've always been the problem and everyone around me suffers for it. I self harmed today and I know if anyone knew, they'd be horrified and betrayed. I'm a disease to everyone I touch.

So I'm quietly planning. I've mentally prepped my suicide notes, should I choose to leave them. I'm picking a date - the next few weeks. I've researched a few methods and am narrowing down.

I tried reaching the National Suicide Hotline - it only furthered how alone I felt and how hopeless this all was. I screamed for help and only heard my echo back. I'm sorry to the poor responders who got stuck listening to me - I couldn't finish a sentence and hung up the first time, I stumbled through my tears tryong to choke out my issues on the second only to give up and feign a bad connection. She tried, but it only felt more hollow and empty.

My girlfriend deserves better than this. They want a family and a future. I cannot risk bringing anything into this world with my genes. I can't even handle my daily problems; I'll only being doing potential children a disservice and guaranteeing them and my girlfriend a lifetime of pain. My partner is already suffering with me. I eat up their focus and time, they're never good at seeing when they've overstrained themselves and they'll keep giving until I bleed them dry.

I'm ready to go.