I’m losing resistance fastThis last month has been the hardest time of my life. I’ve been dealing with a ton of mental and emotional abuse from my ex. I won’t go into a lot of detail but I actually broke down and went to mental health today.  On the way there I wondered if I’d even make it to 30. I felt a lot better once I left. Only to have my  only “best friend” ask to come over. We both had been drinking, but she was DRUNK. She had had a VERY HURTFUL thing happen to her today, so she was not in a good mood. Eventually it turned on me and she said almost everything my ex says to hurt me. She was trying to leave and could find her keys and was yelling and screaming accusations that I was hiding them from her. I live in apartments, and a lot of my neighbors were outside listening. I even had another friend text to check on me bc my neighbor is a mutual friend and told her what was happening. I actually locked her out at one point and continued to look for her keys. I heard her mentioning calling the police outside so I opened the door and told her to come help me look for them. At this point her, her friend(who is equally like wtf) and her 7 yr old son are all searching high and low for her keys at 11pm. While she is insulting me and threatening to beat my ass while inside? Her friend comes from outside screaming “let’s go I have have your keys, they were in your car”. She STILL then continues to cuss and threaten me on her way out. And after I closed the door. She’s sent me two texts that I’ve ignored. I have very little support and am already on the verge of suicide. And one of the people I considered closest to me completely turned on me in an instant. I’ve drank with her many times and this has never happened so I can’t blame it on the alcohol.  I know I have issue with being selfish. But I have also had depression as long as I can remember which makes me very antisocial at times. Which is what makes me selfish. I had hope after seeing the counselor today- then it went away as soon as I found it. At this point I just don’t see much reason in going on. I feel like I truly am this terrible person they say I am. But I never tried to be.......