sorry for wasting your timeI'm sorry for wasting your time but i just need to tell someone.

  some time ago i thought i couldn't get anymore blue, everyone who i think cared about me either died or was gone with the wind leaving no trace and i planned on killing myself with only one thing holding me back being the only bridge near me was under construction and i didn't have thick enough rope. A girl  who i was friends with for some time decided to vent to me; she's  sweet girl, city slicker who lived all over down town Toronto, she grew up in an abusive household with parents who lived the good life and planned to keep living the good life, they abused her and shit, she went on and on about what her parents did to her and how she planned on killing herself. Her parents were the main source of negativity in her life and on top of that she was bullied at school, the boys dissed her for cutting after everyone found out, she was called to the principles office and told her to show him her wrists but that sly girl talked her way out of that shit. I thought fair is fair and told her my story, like i said people who i think cared for me left or died -death plays a big part in every bodies lives i'm no different-. the next day we talked again, it started off with a how was your day and all that jazz but quickly turned to emotional shit again. i don't remember what i said exactly but it led up to me confessing that i planned on killing myself, she started to fucking sob and said,"Its funny, i don't want you to leave but i want to fucking end it all." i started fucking crying too of course, it was the first time anybody said some shit like that to me, this convinced me not to end it all. I'm gonna skip the next few months of this, its just sappy shit and us getting closer and slowly just stopped talking, she started to leave me on read and shit, when i see her in public she acts very passive aggressive towards me . At one point we just started to grow apart, nothing great lasts forever i know but we made plans to get a place together and get her out of the godforsaken hellhole called her parents house, i was happy for once and i fucking loved it, i loved her -in a friendly way-. It must have been something i did, like literally all my friends and my family say i always find a way to fuck things up.  I feel alot more blue than i did before i met her, i started harming myself, it started off with just a lighter really close to my hand then turned into cutting, and i wrote a suicide note -its just me saying i lover her, care for her, and pointing out all the good things about her and saying i'm sorry for fucking up-. The bridge opens in a few months and i just need a few hundred bucks for rope, i already know how to tie a hangman's noose since i'm into outdoorsy shit. I think i get attached to easily.

Take what you wish from this, i'm a selfish asshole i know.