I'm an awfully person.I lied to my new bosses who actually like me very much about two of my family members getting involved in a car accident. I did this because I didn't want to go for overtime. And now the entire company thinks that my family members really did got involved in a car accident.

I was born and raise in an Asian family. For some reason, Asian tends to favour son over daughter. My dad is the same. It seems like my dad refuses to accept the fact that I'm a daughter. He hated me with long hair and would make me have a boy hairstyle for my entire childhood. I remember very clearly the first time I contemplated suicide. I was 5, or maybe 6 at most and I was painfully aware of my dad's favouritism. I wrote a suicide note and I cried and cried. My crying woke my grandma who brought me back to bed. She's the reason why I didn't die that night.

My dad have always compared my brother and me. He have all the compliments for my brother but only disappointment towards me even though I've always performed way better than my brother in school. I followed my dad's wishes about what I should and shouldn't major in school. I think this is all to make him like me better. But right now, I realise it doesn't work at all. 

My first suicide attempt happened in 2017. When I told my dad I want to drop out of junior college and enrol in a polytechnic instead. He knows I'm having difficulty coping in school and his reaction was to enrol me in extra classes. Monday to friday, 3 hours a day on top of my school hours and school work.

Second attempt happened in 2018. I was working full time and studying full time. Having only 4 hours to myself everyday. 4 hours to shower, eat and sleep. I was under so much stress I couldn't even sleep most night. I cried daily and finally went to see a psychiatrist who later betrayed my trust and sent me into a mental health institution for an entire week. 

I hate my dad and my brother. But at the same time I wish they would love me.

I think I've been depressed my entire life. And I'm willing to attempt to kill myself again.