How would I have made it this far without her?I feel numb. But also at the same time I feel so incredibly heavy. It's like a sadness or a grief but I can't describe it fully. It's a pain that just kinda sits there in the bottom of my stomach and in my chest and throat. I wish I could sink into my bed, just slowly melt into it and rot away under the blankets and sleep for weeks on end. My 20th birthday is coming up and I honestly feel so awful about it. I used to think back when I was 15 that I wouldn't make it to my 18th but yet here I am almost 20. I didn't think I would make it this far, I honestly thought I would have killed myself well before I got out of my teens. So here I am not really knowing what to do. I have dreams of how I'd like to live my life and what I'd like... but my biggest most sought after dream is just so far away. It feels almost impossible. I just wanted to marry her, get a house with her, become a tattoo artist and live on the hill overlooking the lake with her... I want to be in my favorite place in the world with my favorite person in the world. But she's not mine anymore and I'm so uncertain about getting her back. She's the only thing to have kept me going at this point, hell she basically saved me from dropping out of high school and killing myself 5 years ago. But since she broke up with me everything has shattered and I'm stuck on the floor crying surrounded by all the pieces. I just wish I could tell somebody about how I feel without them saying bullshit like "it takes time" or "it'll get better eventually" I don't want to hear that. I just want somebody else to empathize and actually feel my fucking pain too, feel it with me and hold me while I cry and talk about how I feel, not tell me it'll be okay but instead "I hear you and I understand. I see your pain and I'm here with you through it." Cause right now I feel so fucking alone. Hell all this mental stress may actually be taking its physical toll, I'm having chest pains and a weird sore/numb feeling in my left arm. It could be a heart attack or something for all I know. Maybe I'm just dying of a broken heart. Who knows. If anybody actually reads this thank you, I needed somebody to talk to and even just posting this and having somebody else read it who may be going through something similar may make me feel just a little less alone.