I dont think i have a choiceI pushed away *everyone* good to me. Literally.
I have never known how to make new connections so thats not really an option because of my crippling social anxiety lol. Its my birthday soon, im going to get a lot of money. I know where i can buy a gun and i think thats what ill spend it on. I have Multiple personality disorders, i dont mean i have *a* multiple personality disorder. Anyways, been thinking of suicide every single day without failure for at least 8 years. Somedays its for a moment, other days its for a week. I always knew i would die young, and i accepted that young too. Im not afraid of death at all so im not really scared. My plan is to run away, then shoot myself in the ocean, hopefully i wont be found and people will just think i ran away. A pistol is surprisingly cheap tbh. I have zero idea of what i want in a career so i dont care about that. My only dream is to make music and be successful enough to live off that. Thats not likely to happen since i know many artists who are extremely talented but just dont have the "clout" or attention so they earn peanuts for their work. I dont want to live broke, or even decent, i wont be satisfied until im rich. Again not likely. Started therapy recently. Its shit. They dont help. Just ask a bunch of questions then say "maybe you will need to have a different type of therapy but im not sure yet". I dont trust anyone. I come across as self centred and  narcissistic. These problems ive had my whole life. Nothing *really* changes.  Anyway i know right now im not depressed enough to kill myself and thats okay ill wait until my birthday where literally no one will say happy birthday to me im sure that will do it. Life isnt that bad actually (relatively speaking) , im just sure not living it would be better. Lol i ramble too much. My own parents didn't love me, none of my five siblings does either. Every time ive gotten close to having a partner i push them away because i know at the time they only seen the side of me i wanted them to see. I cant break their heart like that so id rather be alone. Sometimes physical pain is the only thing i can feel, but going my whole life cutting or burning myself sounds kind of boring. I wasnt brought up with any kind of faith just a single "parent" who fostered me, started speaking to god this year, i can tell he has abandoned me too because of some stupid and ignorant decisions on my behalf.


TLDR:
I suck as a person, going to buy gun in a few weeks then go missing. I wish everyone the best even everyone who wont see this ❤️ chase your dreams because why not