I feel stranded and gradually losing grip of both myself, and to the ones that I love the most, people who also are in trouble.I battled depression since I remember. Had my runs with Psychiatrists, and did stupid stuff to myself that left physical scars.

Last year I had a harsh, I almost ended myself, but something out of the blue happened. From all that bad, that was also the time that actually made me meet my current girlfriend. Actually, she was the one to reach out to me, to help me.

Eventually we became a couple with time, took things slow, we allowed ourselves to learn more of each other, she showed me that she too had a rough time that scarred her mental health. This partnership that we build between us is what made me fall completely for her. She helped me, I helped her. We both have our troubles, but we both complete each-other.

Eventually, time passed and I manage to be selected to a 3 month internship abroad. I was thrilled, but as the day got close to departure, the more depressed I became. She cheered me up and said that it would be good to me and that I would have a lot of fun.

In the meantime, as time went by, I spend some time with my family, few friends, and my girlfriend. Actually it was emotionally challenging to me to manage that, because I could not be in two or three different places at the same time. I think my emotional downfall started there. I wanted to be with them all, at the same time, enjoy my time with them, but

I could not put them in one single place and hang out.

Eventually, it arrived, the day I left my country.

When I landed here, at a Friday, all that crossed my mind was "i made a mistake, I should not be here.". Met my room mates, they are nice, but I can't relate enough with them, since they have a more simple, healthy way of seeing life. They are very close with each other and I am more detached from them. Had dinner at a Vietnamese restaurant with them, and after that, came home. When I arrived at my new bedroom, that's when all crashed down, I cried, a lot. I felt so alone, detached, not belonging. Undeserving of this, I don't want to be here.

But it was the first day, I thought "damn, you are gonna be here doing what you enjoy.". Perhaps Monday when things start, it will be better. I endured Sunday, and when Monday came to be, I went to the place where I was going to have my internship. I told what I can do, and what I expected to do there. The person was pleased that I had so much enthusiasm and experience, but since it was the first day, they didn't had any task for me. I went on a brief tour, shake the hand of some people there, and went home.

I took the opportunity to explore the city I am based now. It was okay, but well, eventually had to return home.

Now, like I said above, my girlfriend has her troubles as well, and she has been having a hard time at work that has been shattering her mind. From being buried in various tasks, to shitty colleagues, that just adds up and accumulates until it flows out of the border. This is affecting her performance at her job really bad, as she describes, she feels that she is loosing her capabilities really fast, since last year, like cognitive capabilities, memory, etc. I know what she speaks of, actually, since I had the same experience, but for a longer period, like 3 and a half years. I tried to tell her that actually I am familiar with that, and she started to criticize me, like I wanted to be in the spotlight for the more miserable. It wasn't like that, all I just wanted was to show her understanding, and she read it as I was just taking away the severity of what she is feeling. She had Mental Exhaustion before we started dating, and she never recovered from that, from what I can tell. I insisted that she should seek help, tone down on her working hours (she is an workaholic), and perhaps just take a vacation.

Currently, she is being companied by a Psychiatrist, who told her she needed a break, and she is under medication right now. And I am here, in the middle of nowhere. I feel that my place is beside her, and I am also having a hard time. I try not to burden her with my emotional troubles, since she is having a hard time as well, but I feel that she is also pushing me aside. Sometimes I try to talk to her about stuff that troubles her and she replies "you can't understand, I can't talk about this with anyone" not in the sense that she wants to keep it a secret, but more in the way that she feels that I can't help her. And that is making things even harder, since we talked about stuff like this before.

And my internship doesn't help. I try to do stuff, but since I am the new guy here, they don't give me stuff to do. I reach them and ask if they want some help and they reply "nah it's okay, don't worry, we can do this, just go see if someone else needs help", just so that I can get instructed the same thing by another person, that "everything is okay, go help another". Even in my internship they can make me feel useless, like I am there more as a bother, than anything else. So I am here, stranded, far from my family, far from my loved one, far from my friend, and I can't do anything. Neither to help her, or help myself.

I try to meet new people here, make new friends, but it is quite hard to me to do so. I am not a peoples person, I am actually really quiet, and I keep a lot to myself. Specially on a strange country where people are so different from where I come, and talk a way different language.

I am fearful that she hurts herself, since she says that she isn't sure she can handle the treatment. I told her that I am very worried about that, and she told me that "you don't need for me to be worried.", and that by itself worried even more. I don't know what to do. If I quit the internship, I am obliged to return the money invested in me: flight ticket, accommodation, student pension, etc.

So I don't really know what to do. I am afraid of having a major breakdown, because I don't know how here is processed the whole mental health here, or even to get medication, since the language is completely different.

I feel completely useless, with no worth whatsoever. I feel that I am a bad boyfriend since I can't properly support her, as I see her afar going down rapidly into the rabbit hole. I feel detached from the world, far from everything. I am emotionally broken, and I don't know what to do...