Unworthy of life.This isn’t the first time I've posted here, I think I'm far to fucked up to go on.

I don’t think I can go on much longer. Fighting has never been a good attribute of mine, I have always have been very passive, loving person. I fear conflict of any kind, whether it is with myself or another person. I feel a weak person, I have dealt with depression many times and I’ve never wanted to give up like this before.

I just got out of the hospital a few weeks back, I made friends and I tried to get help. I really wanted to get help and tried my hardest. I was discharged a day early after 8 days. I didn’t feel too different going out of the mental health unit. A week later I was on another downward spiral. I haven’t even gone back to work yet, I don’t even think I can go back to work with my anxiety and depression the way it is.

I’m not sure what is causing this, my life is not that bad. My family loves me dearly and are very supportive. I have great friends and they are always there for me. I have so many things that are good in my life and I have no idea why I am not happy. I often wonder if I am ungrateful.

I don’t know where the next turn will take me, where my life will go. I feel as if I’m losing hope. I’m afraid to tell too many people about how I’ve been feeling because someone told me: “Is that all you ever talk about?” I have one friend who will listen to everything I say, but she is as clueless as I am.

I feel bad about what I’m about to do to everyone, but I don’t know what else I can do besides give up. I don’t want to hurt my mom, but I feel as if I have no choice. I can’t cope anymore.

I’ve tried distracting myself, medication, therapy, talking to friends, being more socialiable and nothing has helped. I don’t know what to do anymore. I hate being a burden on my family and friends.  I hate being that person who is pitied and felt sorry for. Things would be easier if I was never born. I deserve this because I am not worthy of life.

I don’t know how I would do this. Perhaps hanging myself would be good way because I have a rope left over from work or I could just take a bunch of pills.

Hopefully the fear of death and the guilt I feel now will be quelled with the peace of the void.

I have a long suicide note to write.
