Talking to myself .I’ve talked myself out of killing myself once again, or maybe I didn’t talk myself out of it, maybe I am too cowardly to actually go through with it. Last night I was ready to take as many sleeping pills as I could find around my house. Today I felt different , depressed still, but in a different way. I couldn’t put my finger about what made me somewhat hopeful for the future, but something did. I am a 22 year old man who just got his 2nd OWI (operating while impaired for those of you who aren’t familiar ) and after the first I swore I’d never get another, but I think every repeat offender has told themselves that. When i was in jail I kept looking around thinking to myself that I don’t belong here. But yet my excessive drinking led me to this point. I drank to sleep, I have a habit of not being able to sleep for 2-3 days at a time. Drinking solved that in a way, I had tried every sleeping pill and dosage available to someone like me. So drinking was the last resort and I clung to it without seeing the issue. I drank to help my depression, drinking seemed to give me wings so to speak. Drinking let me feel like I wasn’t miserable , like I could focus on a singular thought without driving myself completely insane. Drinking helped my anxiety, I would stop stressing over the things that plagued me throughout the day, while I was at work, or at school. Drinking helped me stop creating scenarios in my head, I would always think about an action I made or will make and would decipher any and all possibilities, good or bad. Drinking saved me for a long time. But it hurt me in the end, almost just like a snake biting you and then asking why it bit you. After all the snake would tell you that you knew it was a snake before you picked it up, so why did you expect it to not bite you? Today is different , I don’t want to drink. I want to run, so I did. I ran as long as I could, to every song I could possibly listen to in my running playlist . Every word ringing in my head louder than the last, as cliche as it sounds , I think today I’m absorbing more. I’m absorbing more around me and inside of me. I feel like I’m turning a corner, but at the same time I’m hoping there isn’t something waiting around the corner to kick me in the balls. 