I just need someone to talk to. I need help. I would like to start off by saying that as of right now, I'm not not planning to kill myself, but I have been to too damn close too many times. I just want to talk to someone, get some input, and share my thoughts. Here's my story:

I'm a 17 year old guy in my last year of high school. I have good marks, and a good family, I love them. It's just that I have been noticing a trend in my life. I know I have never been a talkative guy. I'm the guy who doesn't want to say anything to others because I don't want to feel embarrassed.  I have a couple good friends, one I've known since I was 3. 
But I feel that my life sucks. Almost every day, I go through this phase of just hating everything in front of me. right now, I wouldn't even consider the friends I have now as true friends. I have always thought that friends are suppose to have your back. Mine don't, they make fun of every mistake I make. Im a short guy too (5-7), a little overweight too, and people make fun of my height, even my friends. It just doesn't feel fair. They are good people, but I just don't feel happy around them. I constantly don't want to be around them, don't want to talk or hang out with them. 

That kind of goes for everyone. I like being alone. I only feel safe when I'm alone. I look forward to sleep every night not because Im tired, but because it's the only place where I feel safe and comfortable...a place where I'm away from everything. It's been getting worse too. It feels like I have no one in my life who I can lean on, besides my parents. No one outside my family loves me. I get put down constantly. Heck, I cried myself to sleep last night! Because I want love, I want a good life, I want true friends... But none of them are available too me. And I'm surrounded by people who have all these! Everyone in my school seems to have someone, something that's keeps their life worth living. Thats the reason I don't want to kill myself. I want to be loved, I want a good life, but I can't get that because of myself. I don't feel loved, I don't feel needed, and I can't pull myself together to get them. 

Sorry if I'm confusing you guys, I'm finding it really hard to explain. It just that I constantly feel hurt, that I'm alone, and that I'll never find someone to help me. I try to talk to people, but I am never confident enough. You might think I'm shy (which I am), but I'm more then that. There has to be something wrong with me. Everyone around me doesn't feel what I feel everyday. While I said that I don't want to kill myself, it doesn't mean I haven't thought about it. Every day I think about it, and force myself to make the choice. It's hard. About a month ago, I had a belt in my hand ready to go. I was ready, but something made me stop. I don't want to hurt people. I never have. I've always been as nice as possible to others. I just feel like life is not moving in the right direction for me, that it never will. I just don't have it in me to convince myself that it will get better. I can't change *that* much. 

Sorry if this was long. I just needed to tell someone. I need some input. I don't even know if I'm depressed, because I feel good some days. Its just that there is this inexplicable sensation inside of me that makes me want to escape and run away. I'm going to university In a different city this fall, so I hope that I can try and build a new "life foundation" and start from scratch. it just doesn't seem possible that there is anyone in the world who *actually* cares about my life, who loves me, and who wants to see me happy. I want to meet them, and I better meet them soon. 

Again, thanks for listening