I overdosed two days ago and need to get my thoughts in order so here's my storyThis post is going to be long

&amp;#x200B;

18 (F) I want to start off by saying I don't know why I did it. I was sad but i've been sadder. I didn't even think the pills would kill me, I guess it was more of self-harm by poisoning than a suicide attempt. All I know is I downed 46 pills with a bottle of water at 7:30 on May 22nd. Three hours later I fessed up and told my mom because I was scared about having a seizure. Her advice was to make myself throw up first and she'll take me to the ER. She cycled between being comforting, angry, and sad. She told me I should have told her three hours ago. She asked me how many pills, I said 40, she asked me what the dosage was, I told her 40. She says we have to make up a story to tell the people at the ER. "I was anxious and I thought taking prozac would help. It was impulsive so I took a handful."

background on me and my mom: She may or may not know I cut, she doesn't know I have an eating disorder, she does know I'm anxious and depressed. I asked for therapy once a month for the past year and a half. My mom always says she'll try but I don't think she does.

The ER doctor asked "How much did you take, 10? 30? 50?" I told him I didn't count but probably 30. He asked the dosage, I said 20mg. I don't know why I lied about the dosage, I guess I didn't want to worry the doctor. I was asked if I ever thought of suicide or going to sleep and not waking up. I said no. After a few more questions he called poison control and then talked to me, he said the biggest risk is serotonin syndrome. I knew that. They tested me for corona and I was negative so they moved me to a room on another floor where I could be observed. I had a headache and was dizzy. I got an IV with saline and didn't cry so my fear of needles can kiss my ass. The nurses were very nice, I eventually fell asleep. I woke up to the new doctor being there. She asked me if I knew where I was. I said the hospital. She asked me if I knew why. I didn't want to say it out loud. It felt wrong admitting it because until this point I didn't say directly what I did. I usually danced around it. That wouldn't do here. "I took too much prozac." 

I couldn't bring myself to say "Overdosed." That word made it all far too real. I was told I would have to video chat with a psychologist and he'll say if I'm a danger to myself or others. This was fine. I put on some crime drama that my mom likes and watched tv for a while. My dad called and asked where my mom and I was, she said I had a really bad headache so I had to be taken to the ER to get meds and an MRI. The nurses visited occasionally. From the way I spoke and how I acted, you would never be able to tell I overdosed the night before. The hospital was peaceful. I felt okay for once. Then someone wheeled in a computer with a camera.  It was time to talk to the psychiatrist. He asked me what I did and why. I stuck to my story. He asked me the same screening questions they're required to and then he asked me "What do you think about what happened last night--taking the pills." It was another sentence that was too direct. I told him it was a stupid thing that I did. we played some more question and answer, after 30 minutes he said "you made a choice, a potentially fatal choice. Although it wasn't an attempt it would be a mistake to pretend it didn't happen. It's my recommendation that you get discharged because going to a psych ward wouldn't do much in this situation" He told my mom to get me a therapist and to only give me a week's worth of medicine at a time and not to let me have access to pill bottles. seemed fair. my mom asked the nurse for some recommendations for therapists. She gave her a packet as we were leaving. I got home and took a nap. my sisters asked me if my headache was gone. I said yes. Mom went to my room and took all my medicine out of it. At bedtime my mom looked me in the eyes and asked if I was okay for the night. I was. 

&amp;#x200B;

I honestly wouldn't regret this whole situation if it ends in me getting the help I need and causes my mom to take my mental health issues seriously.  I'm weirdly calm now but I won't pull this shit again and I don't recommend overdosing to anyone