Maybe I get heard by some people hereWell my posts in r/depression did get like no attention (which I one of the reason I post that sh*t publicly if I'd like to get ignored I'd just live my life) so I'll try here.

Because this will be like a rant and I've got some issues with people assuming, so there will be a lot of "excuses" and the likes just that you know

If this gets read, maybe just look up the few posts I made on r/depression I made about me but just in case I'll do it here also

For starters, I'm 17 from Germany and (with all my "hopes" up) soon out of depression and the occasional suicidal thought. My live is "standard" I'd say. Pretty good upbringing at least for this few-thousand-people city , some "friends" only one more year left of school and doing my drivers licence.
But there is twist otherwise I wouldn't write this.
One summer roughly 1 3/4 or 2 years ago my acne started to act up and we (well my mom cause I'm lazy as always) decided we should see a doctor about this. He prescribed some meds for this and till now the results are pretty good, besides some mild scarring on my back.

.....And here comes the plot twist.....

Soon after starting with the meds I've got some of the side effects (I believe that's the word I'm looking for) that were stated like: 
-dry lips and mouth
-some joint pain
Etc nothing that can't be dealt with
But this all escalated more and more and during the last half year (or longer Idk any more) I've got depression......which are also side effects....
I've asked myself sometimes, though not with the exact same words, how good a medication can be if it causes depression, but as said the results a rant that bad
I at least don't look like a minefield lol

But anyways, it got pretty bad some times where I really really could have done it I think (in my own way)  and I'm so fucked over through my own thoughts that I can't imagine a "working" (even the literal meaning) future.

I've got friends to whom I talked about it but as far as I still know only like two really "helped" in some way, the others were just listeners but this is probably just my imagination.
I've kind of also cut contact for the last two or three weeks (I really don't know, my memory is really shit and I can't really "containe" time if that makes sense)

I'm also still salty about my one-sided love that ended as shit as one could see from a mile away I've cut contact as best as I could to them but I'm sometimes "forced" because of overlapping friendgroups and whatsappgroups.

As some break for reading this far. I'd like to thank everybody who reads all of this and trys to help in their own way (you've done more than the standards even imagined)

Back on topic.
To add insult to injury my personality, although as unique as everyone probably wants me to believe also sucks me over. I'm introverted, have unfounded fears and anxiety and for the live of me can't find friends because i suck at social interactions. (With the exception being the internet because my brain decides that this suddenly is " a ok ", this post being an example)

My family doesn't know about a thing and I don't know what their reaction would be, but besides that I don't like how I get pressed (not only from them but society in general and blah blah blah) into getting a job, finding what I like the most.

Like, bitch I ain't seeing a future for me so getting a job will not be a good idea for the time being. My mother is supportive I'd say, her take is that it's not important to finish 12th grade..If I want to get a job directly (because we only need to go for 10 years in Germany) I can do that as long as it pays enough.

Another thing would be that, because of
-my cut contact
-my introverty 
- depression
-non existent social skills
I really lack that sort of intimacy. I want o feel another person so badly. Not to sound like wh*re, but like holding hands and cuddling and all that would be *the shit* you know what I'm saying.
But not just that but also like actual intimacy as in sex and all. 
I know it's not the most important thing in the world, but I'M FUCKING LONELY AND HORNY AND SHIT so please just let me ok. I suppress everything so I want to let it out.

But to accomplish the last thing I would need *gasp* female friends...But I don't have any, and probably won't get any anytime soon.
Well it's a lie, maybe more like half a lie because one of the two people I mentioned is female and would be considered a friend by what I know so I technically *"have"* some but there were like two maybe three and one was the "one-sided" love the other as said so I don't have too many to pick from any longer.

Just please, if there genuinely are some females out there that are willing to be friends (or at the least pretend to in order to not feel that much like a disappointment) just pm me or some shit I'm begging you.

And back to life, some things that disappoint myself are that I don't live up to what I thought I am.
Because videogames are the only real thing  occupying my and my mind I had lots of practice.
I always thought " wow, that's pretty good. I'm probs better than ever one I know" which was the case but as soon I went online some times in the games that I loved I realised how shit I am (well maybe it's not the best to measure yourself in games like statecraft, csgo and so on when you only really play normal difficulty in like every damn game) I LEGIT thought "maybe with more practice I can get into the gaming scene". Then it was more like " well gaming industry doesn't sound bad either" and I got further and further away from my initial goal. The same cycle happened with some other things like drawing which I sometime still do but yeah....

I'll end it here because it's 2:30 am and I want to sleep, but I'd say I talked about everything I wanted or at least what is really important and belongs here

Thanks for reading





But who am I kidding this probably gets seen by like 5 people and while writing it felt more like a monologue than anything else