Being passively presecuted in a psychological devastating manner. What do I do?Let's keep this as 'IF' it was real, and what I were to do. Now nobody would probably believe me, that some outsider redditor would be presecuted like this, but let me brief:

(Im danish, sorry if my grammar isn't perfect)

Since 25/26 January (can't remember due to psychological stress they've put onto me). I was forced into the psychiatry department here in Denmark. Some days before the event, I had started to follow Russian Media, and was suspecious about some weird things happening in my real life, after I started to theorize about some events that might take place in the future. Not particularly good things. But then I was sent into the department and from that point the mess started. So a Russian doctor were dealing with my medical 'case' first of. He was actually a calm dude. Nothing there. But I had all sorts of conpiracies, because that's how I've always have been throughout my whole life, which included Russians. I like to question things. But I couldn't believe the fact that I was sent to psychiatric confinement, because of the fact, that I stayed home, doing no harm to others. I will admit that I was frustrated because I tried to talk to family about the situation going on in this world, as it IS true that there are political tension around the world. I hope you all can agree with me on that part. My family told me that they would send doctors to see me, whereas I thought it didn't make any sense, as I was talking in the matters of political issues around the world, and told the doctors they couldn't reach me by empathic/medicine rendering measures, but that I would gladly recieve evidence instead of, if we were to go down that path. So obviously they couldn't, which got them frustrated about that fact, and also because I said; try to reach me with Logos, as of which they obviously couldnt, and then decided that I should be involuntary put into the psychiatrist department. (So all of this happened in my appartment where I was in NO HARM to others). All of this happened without me being able to even react, before the next day where I was gathered up by the police as soon as I left my appartment to visit my family. Also I have to mention that I used cannabis, which the doctors obviously noticed and because my family told them - So they probably quickly identified this as (Hashpsykose)[https://kabs.dk/brugere-og-paaroerende/stoffer/hvad-er-en-hashpsykose/] It's in danish sorry, but I havent heard of this term in any other country than Denmark. But it's basically just that they mean you become psychotic by the exposure of cannabis/THC. Obviously that's not really the point im worried about. It's the point that since I was put into the psychiatry I've been passively manipulated with, in the sense of I told most of my weaknesses inside the psychiatry and it has been following me ever since. I was advocating against democracy, big pharma, feminism was a failure, and all in all, conspired about things out of my hands. Nobody liked what I said, so obviously I am an easy target for the majority. Especially by the fact that I live in a democracy and also the fact that this is a site based on democracy, my odds are pretty low obviously. But I'll give it a try anyway, since I havent done any harm to any and this passive psychological pressure keeps on going, after I left the psychiatrist department. The Russian doctor was apparently removed after some days and I was put into a schizophrenic department, even though I wasn't having any schizophrenic tendencies, as I always said that I was just using physolophically measures, and didnt say anything was true - Simply theorized. They didn't like that I was frustrated anout the fact that I was forced to take medications, whereas I told them that the only thing I actually needed was freedom - So basically, they poured the governments money down my throat, for their own needs, not mine. This has all happened involuntary, and I didnt have a say in the whole process. Freedom of speech? The fact that I spoke freely, made me captured and a toyed piece of human. I was even clamped to a bed so they could inject me medicine, even though I did no force, I was just verbally aggressive, because my situation was unreal to me. Later on I got put into the schizophrenic department, before I leaked to my best friend who have been responsible for my case in the confinement department, and he is the son of a police chief around my region, simply because I asked for help. I leaked the documents that a Russian doctor was responsible for my case, I was put into the schizophrenic department. (Not that it has anything to do with anything, but it was merely a cry for help). There have also been security outside my room even though I hurt nobody, but only tried to escape the first day from the confinement, where I was assaulted by 6 doctors and injected with 2 needles (1 in the wrist that they kept lying about didnt happen). I harmed no one, but they told me that I hit a doctor after they injected the stuff into me, where I was unconscious. Im not an aggressive person, never have been, and I couldnt see a point in being aggressive physically, as I was the one who was locked up anyway. Days were going and didnt take any pills, since I became very hostile against the part that they could just decide my fate, because of the simple fact that they didnt like my opinions. - In the schizophrenic department or whatever it was, things became seriously fucked. At that point 'they' (I don't know who) started to use psychological methods to toy with my brain. I had told them that I was very vulnerable to provoked noise. So that became their grand method to break me down. Obviously I've been surveyed, so everything I did, like EVERYTHING I did, they communicated to me via provocating with sliding chairs underneath me to control whatever I did. I even have problems explaining how it went, because the psychological stress was immense. It became directly torture. Which resulted in me destroyed my Mac computer, iPhone, and also making me delete video's from my company's website which is my earnings to live for. Around 30+ persons were involved in this ''project'' of toying and torturing me passively. (I think). As I kept trying to tell the chief psycichian that strange things were happening, and obviously being verbally aggressive towards them, they acted like nothing was happening or perhaps didn't know what was happening. But the fact was that it did happen, and nobody trust me. As an example it would be like; if we were to sit in a class, and there were a line of bullies in the back, throwing papers in the neck of a victim, and then keeping quiet when the teachers turned, so that the victim would be unable to verify that it did happen, because he had no evidence of it. Passive aggressive bullying. Unlike that, this was just tortur, and me being unable to leave the department, as they wanted to force the medicine inside me. The worst part was, that I already was offered by doctors to be helped out around Aspergers Syndrome - BEFORE I was confined - Likewise I told them when I was inside the psychiatry, but they didn't listen to me. Days went by, around like 15-20 days under the psychological pressure and the only thing that kept me in hope, were the fact that they shouldnt be able to keep me in there forever. But when I then got out. It continued. My apartment is bugged, and the local people were also in on this. (as in police cars alarming far away from my apartment, firestation people holding down my street with the lights blinking, whenever I smoke cigarettes people are walking past my apartment and signaling via coughs or spitting on the ground - I know my city perfectly enough to know, that I am being followed, been living here for 10+ years. Suddenly when I go workout, early in the morning in a gym where there most likely would be no one, suddenly it's filled, and that is basically everywhere I go. Also garbage trucks, craftsman cars etc. were keeping me up at night by keeping the car idle right outside my window all the night around, when I go visit my friends apartments and my family, I can hear by clicks that it's being bugged there as well, which they also hear, but wont believe me that it's actually true, even though they're telling me they hear it too, they just dont know that it's 24/7 following me &gt;PASSIVELY&lt; - Neighbors are knocking on the walls and upstairs on floor when I have conversations with my dad for example.).... Like... I could continue forever but you would probably just think, ah, he's probably just paranoid. But I am not stupid. But what do you do, when the local authorities are passively manipulating your life and directly after you? What are my options to actually continue my OWN life, alone?
Also a doctor who weren't apart of the psychiatry came to visit me at the psychiatry, talking to me about my situation, and got quiet emotional about my situation, probably because he didn't have authority from his position to do anything about it. And he was clearly on my side. But yet just another visitor who couldn't do anything about my situation apparently. But I deeply felt many was on my side, except those who were keeping me inside the department - Their only topic was about whatever they could put into my throat.the computer I got from my father was hacked, because when I tried calling Apple about getting it cleaned up, something overrided my computer saying - ''Are you still on our side?'', which made me hang up the phone. And When I came out of the psychiatry weird phone calls have happened - Where women call me and said ''oh sorry, I thought I called 'Insert some woman name'''.

I am in a deep state where I want to kill myself. This is no joke.
