Going to Golden Gate BridgeI've been suicidal all my life. I tried drowning at age 7, pills at 13, hanging at 19. Now, I've decided to go to Golden Gate Bridge. 

I've grown up friendless and being bullied.  At one time, I suffered severe social anxiety, but have since improved from then. I have a version of an eating disorder to where when I'm really depressed I lose interest in food and feel like I don't deserve it.  For over a year, I've been 104 pounds (5 foot 7) putting me in the severely underweight category (16.3 bmi and dropping).  Even prior to that I've been underweight for most of my life.  I'm always in pain, especially when trying to sit or lie down due to my bones in my back being very visible and pressing against my skin.  I've been in the ER three times due to severe dehydration leading to convulsions (intestine problem) and when I fainted and struck the back of my head twice against an old metal fireplace.  Due to being malnourished, I have trouble thinking and get bruises. Yet, when I try to eat more than one to two small meals, I get sick and am not hungry. 

Right now, I'm a teacher overseas (going onto 3 years) and am rather beloved at my job.  Sheer loneliness, homesickness, and burn out has caused my health (physically and mentally to decline). Yet, no one at work notices how I'm suffering and I asked for medical leave but they think I'm healthy and people are confused that I'd want to try to gain weight and lose these "model" looks -_-.

I feel almost obsessed with the bridge as I see it as my way out. For me, having that suicide exit plan for past 10 years kept me from making other attempts. I felt if everything was going to go beyond wrong, I'd have that bridge to exit.  Yet, now the net project is finally moving forward and I feel like they are bricking up my fire exit.

Sad thing is, if I had a dog I might feel better as animals were only things to make me smile. I've just been so miserable and while my life might be looking up to outsiders (got accepted into a fiction writing graduate school, have a fiance for past 6 years, am transgendered but by many accounts I pass flawlessly, went from being nearly blind, mute,and a multitude of health issues due to being born early to being college educated and surpassing doctors' expectations when I started reading college level at age 10), I just feel so tired and burned out with life and am pretty much friendless. I feel hopeless.

I'm leaving this country in a couple months (would sooner but work doesn't think I'm unhealthy) and taking a flight to San Francisco. I feel so desensitized to suicide and only reason I'm alive is due to people trying to guilt me to live. Now, not even that can keep me alive.

Thank you to anyone who has read this.... I ramble a lot nowadays as I struggle to concentrate.