My head is finally clear - Suicide is the path I am takingI am a 23 years old woman. I was born in the 90s. 

As a kid, I was happy, but since the beginning of my teenage years ( 2006- ), I don't know why, I started to feel completely disconnected with my life.

I don't even want to blame the world anymore. I'm not saying this is anyone's fault. Somehow I am just not compatible with this and for the past 10 years I've been trying to figure it out, but I have found nothing worth living for and I am just sincerely and utterly bored with this game.

This is not the place I said I always wanted to live in. 
And honestly, I don't know what's wrong. Except the fact that I have nothing in my life, only money. That is what my parents always considered important and I was just not that type of person who could use it to my advantage, I guess. I've never played the role of the rich kid, others do a better job at it. I simply just miss all the things that I don't have, which are the following :

* time with my parents - whenever times I asked them for more time in my teenage years, they were busy. I went to a school where I had so much homework every day that I felt overwhelmed by it, I spent all my time inside and my social relationships went to  the trash. When you stay isolated for a long time, you start to become awkward, even if you weren't awkward before. Besides awkwardness, I was also lonely, scared and quite depressed most of my teenage years. I remember staying at the window often times in the winter evenings, after I finished my homework, and looking outside in the darkness, waiting for my mother to come home. I felt an utter misery inside myself and I couldn't explain why, I just got used to that there is no escape. It kinda became normal after a while, it was my daily routine. 

* friends - as I explained, in my previous point, in my early teenage years friends kinda disappeared because of schoolwork, and then simply because I got so used to living on my own and to being so depressed that I didn't have any drive to connect with people at all. 
Somewhere in my late teen years I started connecting with people again and I even made friends, only to discover that the world has changed so much. People nowadays stay on their phones all their long, browse social media, are very superficial, do not care about having deep conversations or whatever, anything that I consider important. But instead they hold very dearly all those things that I consider completely irrelevant. 
So even though I had friends, I discovered I don't want them. The time spent with them is so meaningless and boring like the time I spend on my own. 

* body: yes, I have been alienated from my body since my early teen years. The fact that in this period I started to feel that no one loves me was probably connected with the dysfunctional relationship I started to have with my body. I had eating disorders all the time, I was obsessed and abusive toward my body all the time, thinking that if I would just change it then people would love me more, but no matter how much I changed it, I could never end up loving it, not even liking it. Living 10 years in a body you hate is quite a strange thing, let me tell you. I always got overwhelmed and paranoid when I was around people, because this is how you feel when you hate yourself. 

* college/career: well due to my depression I wasn't truly in the mindset to discover my passion, so I am in Medical school. I thought that I will end up liking it, but I didn't. I guess my depression doesn't truly allow me to like anything at all. Because I can't ever truly focus. In the back of my mind, there is always the idea of self-destruction. Everything else fades away compared to my strong desire to end my existence. 

* sanity : yes, I was a bright and balanced kid, but that is over since a long time. No matter how hard I try to pull myself together, I feel that my sanity is falling apart every single day. I did a quite good job for 10 years, most people wouldn't tell that I am suicidal or depressed at all, they know me as a joyful and energetic person, because I always overcompensated my real self with acting like the person I would like to be, the person that I once was. 

I am losing my sanity because of all the regrets that I have in this life. I could have been so different from how I turned out to be. And I don't truly know why. And it doesn't even matter anymore. I lost 10 years of my life and I feel so empty and so disappointed of myself.

I am losing my sanity because I feel I was broken at a young age and no matter how much I tried for the last 10 years, I couldn't heal myself from that. 

I am losing my sanity because I had to abuse my body with sugar, caffeine, alcohol just to get by, just to turn off my brain for a while so that I don't kill myself instantly. The desire to live a healthy lifestyle comes from having a strong reason to be healthy and to live. Well, I don't have such a reason. I think I abused myself because I subconsciously didn't care if I die from an overdose. 

I am losing my sanity because I cannot connect with people anymore, because I feel like an alien in this world. 

I am losing my sanity because of all the enthusiasm I once had inside myself for this life, but that I can't feel anymore, because I am way too messed up now. 

I am losing my sanity because most of the ideas that I have are not compatible with this world and I'm not the type who adapts to survive. I tried to adapt and I didn't think that is worth it. Even when I played the game of life according to the rules, I have found out I don't want to play the game anymore.

On Friday I went out with one of my friends to take a walk in the city. I was drinking a few beers and while I was walking and listening to my friend, a sudden realization hit me : I felt an extremely clear and strong reason to end this life. I didn't even feel any emotions attached to it, I just felt like my head is finally clear and I can finally see clearly what I got to do. 

I do not want to be a burden for anyone anymore. I know my parents wanted me to turn out differently and they would have liked a different child. Well, I would have wanted a different family also. It's all messed up. There's no point in continuing this anymore. 

As for my friends  - well, they won't miss me so much. After some time they will forget. This is how it goes, I have seen it happening to others. Relationships aren't too deep nowadays anyway. So it won't matter much. 

