I think I've ruined my only chance at love and I just can't keep going anymoreI don't know where else to post this.

I (~20f) met this amazing guy (~30m) in January 2019, both of us just wanted to be friends with benefits at first. But we kept telling each other how much we missed each other and how perfect we are for each other, at which point I didn't want to be just FWB anymore. But then he said he wasn't ready to commit to another relationship yet and that he needs time. We kept chatting just as friends but every time it would end up being more and we always come back to telling each other how much we like each other and miss each other. I kept pushing for a relationship but he would always back off at some point and say it would be best if we just stayed friends.

We had a long talk one time and it seemed like he was okay with trying to commit to more as long as we take things slow. But then he got depressed and didn't talk as much to me anymore (we would usually talk every day for hours), so I asked him if he needed some space, and he agreed.

I had a bad feeling and checked the dating app we met on and he was back on there. I then asked him if space meant we were going to look for other people but he said it didn't. But he went back on the dating app a few hours later. I confronted him but he didn't answer me and I insulted him because I wanted him to answer me and then he blocked me.

I tried to call him on his phone but I got an automated message saying the phone number wasn't registered, so I thought maybe he gave me a throwaway phone number.

The reasons why I did the next thing are complicated but it doesn't really matter because there isn't any excuse for it:

I created a fake account on the dating app in part so I could find out why he lied to me. I think he noticed it was me but I'm not sure. 

I then contacted his ex because I was paranoid they're maybe still together and that's why he ghosted me, and also because the phone number thing was weird. 

A day later he contacted me telling me off for contacting his ex. We talked a little but he didn't really give me any explanations. When I asked him about why he lied to me about the dating app he first tried to say that never happened and then he evaded the question. I asked him if we could still be friends at least but he didn't really answer.

A few months later I asked him how he was doing but he didn't reply. I asked him if he never wanted to talk to me again but he said he still needs time and that he will message me when he's ready. I asked him if he could promise me that he'll message me eventually but then he got angry and said I was pressuring him and that he doesn't want to talk to me anymore and blocked me again. 

All of this was a year ago.

I sent him a letter in January 2020 asking him if we could talk in person but he didn't reply. 

I don't think I'm ever going to love anyone again. And it's all my fault that he doesn't want to talk to me anymore. 

I think I deserve to die because I messed it all up. 

And living feels pointless anyway when the only person I'm ever going to love doesn't even want to talk to me. 

I really wish I could do something to make things right. 

I'm thinking about sending him another letter where I apologise again and tell him everything I wanted to tell him in person. But it's not going to get him to talk to me and he's probably not going to read it anyway. And I don't think it's going to help with my suicidal thoughts. It's been over a year now and I'm still not okay. 

I just wish I could talk to him about what happened. I really don't know what to do anymore

I'm sorry if this post is a mess I'm mostly crying while writing this