Homeless: For the third timeThey weren't kidding when they said life in your 20's would be hard. I've now been homeless 3 different times on 3 separate occasions. Currently at the age of 25. I do not struggle with any major drugs. I do smoke a lot of weed/wax and I find myself drinking more often when I slip into a depression, which is also a lot more often. I figured I'd comment here for some advice on how I can improve myself and what I can try to do to get out of this situation.

I recently lost my job for being out sick 4 months ago. I took 3 days off in one week because I was sick with a cold, didn't want to risk getting anyone else sick (especially at the peak of COVID-19), I emailed the company 3 different times letting them know the situation. 4 months later I guess it didn't matter and they fired me for it. I can explain it further, but I need to explain the companies policies and where I used to work, and it's unimportant to what's happening now. The fact is, I lost my job due to my poor communication skills at relaying when I'm sick, I will never get the job back, and now I'm paying for it, 4 months later.

It was completely unexpected and out of nowhere. Waking up in the morning to a phone call from a HR representative that I have been terminated after almost 9 months of employment. Part of me just wishes, that if they were going to fire me, to do it when I took those days off, rather than 4 months later. Reason being is that it happened at the worst time. I had just left a room I was renting a 6 month lease at, to try and find something better. Long story short, I couldn't find a place in time, and packed everything up in my car and headed to he homeless, being grateful that at least I still had my job. Now it's gone.

Homeless, no job, and way behind on way too many bills. This is the third time this has happened. Not the exact same way, but this situation of being homeless. At times i can be pretty irresponsible. I think I just think "fuck it" too often. I've been so low before, why not again, fuck it. If I die, fuck it. I don't really have a family. Most are deceased, divorced and split apart from the family, or we just never talked and were never close. All I've had is my Mom, which our relationship has been deteriorating ever since my 20's. I am very introverted and keep to myself. I'm never one to start conversations with someone, but I don't mind keeping one going if someone engages me in one. I always aim to be kind to others and treat people how I'd like to be treated. I just can't bring myself to talk to anyone anymore.

I don't find it hard to do things like talk to people, it's just most of the time I don't want to. I don't feel like looking for another shitty job I know ill hate sometime down the line, I don't feel like making friends I could possibly lose in the future, I don't feel like going to school to get in debt, I don't feel like talking to my mom to hear her one sided views and judgemental opinions, I don't feel like catching up on 5 month late car payment that I can no longer pay because I've been blowing the rest of my savings on food, weed and alcohol.

Obviously I need to get my priorities straight. But I just don't care anymore I think. I'm well aware I'm a failure at life right now and I need to get my shit straight. I'm just trying to find reasons to care. I really don't see much point in anything anymore. I could explain more personal things to add more context to help support why I feel this way. But it's too personal and this post is already way too long as it is. My thoughts of hurting myself have always been there throughout my whole adult life, but now they feel more prevalent than ever.

I'm my own problem right now. Poor planning and my own bad choices have led to this. But things in my life, have just led me not to care. I'm not making excuses for this. I know I should just buckle up buttercup and start looking for another job and fix my car before they find and repossess it. But I just don't care anymore. What's wrong with me? I used to care a lot, now I don't. If anyone took the time to read all this, I really thank you for going out of your way. I know it's long and honestly, really pathetic of me. But I'm scared. I'm really scared. I have bad thoughts about myself all the time and I feel more insecure than ever. I feel like I should talk to someone, but there's no one there. My Mother will never understand, and I never had a father. I'm not asking for pity, just advice. Please, help me find a reason to care again. If not, just call me a coward I guess. Thank you all.