Been in a rut for a while nowSorry for the long post, but I don't know who I can say all this to. If you read all the way through you're a fucking saint and I love you.

I've struggled with self harm and being down (don't want to say depression because I've never been diagnosed) since high school. Now I'm almost 21. Graduated, went to college, dropped out, and was working full time. After I dropped out of college I was doing better, I wasn't dealing with anxiety from going to/missing classes or the stress of homework on top of work.

Then I quit my job in February. I was having issues with my manager, on top of hearing about him take people off the clock early (not telling them and letting them continue work). Got a part time job for about a month and a half, then came across a job opportunity that I thought would be amazing: working on a cruise ship. Fast forward 3 weeks into the job, middle of May, I'm relapsing on self harm and having the worst suicidal thoughts I've probably ever had due to working 100 hours a week and getting an average of 4 hours of sleep a night. I quit because I knew it wasn't good for me, and spent all the money I had to get back home.

Once I'm home, I drink for about a week straight to try to keep everything at bay, having warned my roommate before hand to hide his gun someplace I wouldn't find it. Get a job at the beginning of June driving for DoorDash, doing a little better at this point. Found that he hid the gun in my car (which I wasn't using before this). I'm doing alright, but I still move it to under my mattress, just in case..

Come August I get a letter in the mail saying my license is suspended because I have an unpaid speeding ticket I haven't had the money to pay off. There goes my job.

Fast forward to today. I'm starting a new job next week, I've already been training for about two weeks. But I've been relapsing and self harming again. Bills are piling up, my roommate is trying his best to help me out but it's taking every penny he's got. I'm thousands of dollars in debt. Each day I just feel worse and worse, not knowing how I'm going to get out of this. I know where the gun is. I know I've been neglecting my pets. I know I need professional advice and probably some form of medication, but I don't have the money for prescriptions or to even see a doctor. I just don't know what to do anymore.