I don't know why I'm writing thisSorry in advance for any mistakes. I'm on mobile and tired as all hell since it's currently just before 2 am. 

All my friends are out celebrating the end of a decade, and I'm curled up on the couch wishing I was dead. My meds stopped working awhile ago so I stopped taking them. I havent told my psychiatrist or my therapist, let alone my parents. I feel like I'm falling back into the horrible place I was at when I was at my worst. 

6 months ago, everything was amazing. I was feeling better than I had in years. Now, I'm back to... This.

Over the summer, my dad finally let me try my temps. I started dating an amazing guy. I was getting closer with my friends. I was happy.

The school year started and things started going downhill. I was overwhelmed with work, I was taking out my stress on those around me, I was overall being a shitty person. I realized that after since people pointed it out to me and I started trying to fix that, trying to figure out a better way to release stress. I've always kind of been a person to lash out (not physically, but I definitely raise my voice) at others, which I've really got working on with my therapist. I felt like I had made so much progress from this time 2 years ago (when I was at my worst). 

Flashforward to exams. My stress is through the roof. The week before I told everyone close to me to pretty much brace themselves, cuz even though I've been able to handle stress better, I knew that exams were going to push me to my limit and that I might end up resorting back to my asshole-like ways. I apologized beforehand and told everyone that I was really going to try and not get too bad (I really did try) but that there's about a 90% chance I'll have a breakdown and end up being, well, a bitch. Friends said ok, boyfriend said ok, sisters said ok.

Second day of exams and I'm at my limit. I go to my therapists office at school and one of my friends decided to bring all of my close friends and boyfriend up to comfort me... That went badly... I pretty much yelled at all of them, broke down, cried, bitched, allllll that good stuff. After my little "event" we decided to go over to Mike's (all names will be fake names btw) and Jason's (boyfriend) house, like we usually do. So, at the house, it's me, Nicole, Mike, Jason, Grace, and Mike's parents/older brothers (situation is a little weird, Jason moved in with Mike after some stuff, but they aren't brothers).