every day I’m getting closer and closer to killing myselfevery day I keep thinking of more things I want to do before I kill myself. like to leave an explanation, and letters, and stuff like that. so far I wanna leave a video of me just talking about something but being happy, no crying. I want it to be a positive video, it’ll be the last time my family or boyfriend see me alive and talking and everything. I also have like tons of pictures of myself on my phone that I never share with anyone. I don’t have social media, and I don’t send them to people. they’re just for me, but because of this, my family and my boyfriend have like no pictures of me. so I wanna get them made into actual pictures and put some on a jump drive so they have ‘happy’ pictures of me smiling or of me with my dogs (I take those a lot lol). I wanna write letters to them too. it’s just my mom, brother, dad and then my boyfriend that’s in my life. I’m not sure what i’ll say, i’ll probably try to keep it positive. I might leave a separate note with an explanation and saying that like nobody could’ve stopped me, and I tried really hard. and I hope nobody’s mad at me. but I think my dad most of all would possibly be upset because he believes if you kill yourself then you go to hell. but I already feel like I’m in hell most days. and I really have no other options left to try and make my life any better. I really feel like this is the best option for me. once my mom goes back to work on the 30th, i’ll start writing and making the videos and printing pictures and everything. then i’ll do it eventually. not sure when because my moms birthday is in august and my brother, boyfriend, and dads is in september so that could ruin their celebrations, or it could help them move on and be happy. idk. I know they could be upset about me killing myself but I know it’ll be better for them in the end. I wanted to kill myself on my birthday or just in my birthday month, that was june. I don’t know why I didn’t do it then. 