Philosophically, I don't see any reason to keep living.Im 23 this year... I'm going to college this semester for computer science. But... So what, great then I can pay bills and have nice things but I just don't really care. I don't really fucking care anymore. I don't want to be a part of waking up every day and doing this dumb shit anymore. I'm going to waste the next 4 yet of my life so I can get ready to waste the next 40 years of my life so I can then sit on my ass and wait to die. It's just one fucking long waiting game to keep myself alive until I die from some random cause so why wait? Getting old and growing up seems like the biggest fucking cop out. I'm bored of all my hobbies and I don't really feel like getting stressing myself out working my way through college and probably failing considering I barely passed highschool. If I failed I'd end up with a pretty decent amount of debt. I just don't see the point of going on, there's nothing really that fun left. Even when I smile I feel empty. Everything I wanted to do I've already done for the most part. Nothing is new and exciting... Even if I haven't done it before. New experiences have lost meaning and feeling, I dont really want to meet new people. Getting out of bed feels like a chore. I can barely take care of myself beyond hygiene​. I can't hold down a Job because I can't stand people telling me what to do and i don't think I'm capable of freelancing at anything, nor do I have the motivation to. Im just never happy with myself, I feel like I've completely given up. I can't stand to even look at myself in the mirror now. If I had the means to kill myself without puking my brains out or accidentally ending up as a vegetable or some other shit that doesn't involve other people I'd do it. I don't have access to a gun or anything and like I said I don't wanna take a bunch of pills and spend my last 12 hours vomiting. I'm just waiting to get stuck by lightning or something. I'm just tired of waiting though. That's all I feel in life now Is like I'm waiting until the day where I don't have to wake up. Sure my friends would be sad but I'd rather be remembered the way I am now than as the failure and disappointment I am becoming.