I know I couldn't commit suicide any time soon, but still...I usually end up deleting these kind of posts, they feel futile, and maybe I'll delete this one later, too, but right now I am devastated and need this. There is a great urge inside me to kill myself, but I know I cannot, which only crushes my soul even more. So, this time, I have to vent. 

I've been losing everything I had or thought I did lately. It's just been downhill for more than a year. I've spent weeks depressed. Then, I did start getting better. I haven't been miserable all the time.  I've been feeling relatively well most of the time in the last few months. Not that anything has changed, everything was still going to shit, but I focused on myself. The miserable reality never changed, but I could usually change my perspective. Yet, these depressive moments always came back. They've got rarer and shorter, but they always came back and each time more crushing than the last. I cannot explain how devastating, how desperate and sorrowful I've felt at these times, I think at least here some people will understand. 

The few close relationships I had, my earlier success in school, my innocence and any superficial joy I've had in life, I've lost them all. I've changed completely, every value I had has changed and I feel like a big cluster of contradictions. I cannot take it, I could have been happy on my own, I could be happy if I could find something new, or if I could just disconnect myself from it all, but it is not possible. I am forced to study, but I just cannot take it while having these suicidal thoughts. I don't have financial comfort and I hate being surrounded by spoiled people, not a worry in their heads. It's unfair and I refuse to accept it. And I hate that I lack so many experiences. The way modern society works is simply not for me, yet I must participate so that I am free later on, but it is so hard to do it when this depressed.

I thought I had the comfort of having friends, but even that is not true, which is what destroyed me today. Even the ones I hold dear just fuck you up. As if it's not enough that I am an outsider among most people, even my closest friends hold no compassion for me. I'm sick of it, I'm sick of being used and thrown away, I'm sick of all the hypocrisy. I've done shitty things, I've been inconsiderate, but I've never turned someone down when they approached me with honesty. Even if I wasn't a great friend, I've held a deep love for them. But no one seems to be able to do that. I trusted someone, I got hurt and didn't even get a chance to heal, I don't know if I can ever rejuvenate. I trusted someone else, someone who I thought would give back the love I give, yet they turned out to be a hypocrite, too. I've done all for their well-being, yet never got any back. I didn't expect a reward when I did those, but I cannot take it. I am hurt, wounded and I am tired and I think I deserve something back. Yet everyone around has only a bourgeois love, they always put themselves above everything and call selfish those who ask for the slightest sacrifice of them, they only help those who don't need help and feel morally satisfied. That is not the love I know. Point out the unfairness in life and they will just shrug. They will dare say, from their comfortable thrones, that no one signed up for a fair life, as if I didn't know. It's so easy to help people who are already privileged and call selfish those who suffer deeply. It's so easy to demand someone do things as a friend, but never do the same for them. It's so easy to expect people to put up with their own abrupt mood swings, yet hurt them at their smallest mistake. There are souls, suffering to death; and those so-called humanists, those 'kind' people who only want fun and do not dare face people who suffer an unfair fate, those people are killers in my eyes, yet they dare not see their own guilt.

When I think that I'll die without ever finding a soul akin to mine, that I'll always be alone inside despite all friendships, that I'll die suffering while everyone else lives like blissful animals, it just evokes every kind of depressive, suicidal urge in me. I've got things to look forward to, even if I could just meditate all day that would be enough, but if I am always going to carry this discomfort, this loneliness, these past pains and never get a good thing going for me, I don't know how much I can take it. Call me a foolish romantic, but I would never want to be a thoughtless, soulless, mediocre human either, so I must bear pain, but is there not going to be one day where things get a little better? I keep going on today, but I don't know how long I can take it.