I just wanna get it over withPreface, I have OCD, BPD, possible bipolar, major depression, anxiety, and I'm autistic which is fine other than people are awful to autistic people, and I'd be shocked if I didn't have PTSD.

I was raped a few months ago and some really close friends sided with the rapist, and now the rapist and siders have taken to social media to make out like I'm the abuser.

I recently made a post saying basically unfollow me and stay out of my life if you support these people and it made a bit of a ripple in the water because apparently someone was waiting around for me to fuck up and then blast it to my abusers.

It just hurts so much. Not being emotionally capable of sleeping in my own bed. Not being emotionally capable of sleeping. Panicking that he's in my bed when I wake up. The nightmares. The constant checking social media no matter how hard I try to stop. I've managed to avoid his page for awhile because it's set in my mind that if I see anything about me I'll lose it. I'm tired. I'm so tired. I have a couple plans and I'm not sure which one to go with. My quality of life is just so low I wake up and regret not killing myself earlier. I've been crying hysterically every day for the past few days. I haven't been able to make it thru my shifts at work and I think it might lead me to losing my job, which would suck not because I don't have financial support but because I have a difficult time holding down jobs in general and it makes finding a job difficult.

I'm afraid of living thru it but I'm also afraid of dying. I was thinking of hanging but I'm afraid because I don't want my ceiling fan to fall and fuck everything up. I also live in a city so I was thinking of jumping off a tall building but I don't wanna survive it, and I don't doubt that the people in said building of choice would immediately know what's up. Then there's OD, I have lithium clomipramine and abilify and I am trying to get trazodone for sleep, maybe I could just see what happens? But the one I think I'll end up going with is thru my car. I have a tiny car so I'm wondering if I could just ram it into concrete and die.

I've been writing a note when I can muster up the energy, basically just thanking everyone who's helped and who I love and addressing the issues which lead up to my death.

I just don't want anyone to think I wouldn't do it. I'm in so much pain. It feels like the pain only matters when people are worried about me, when people care. I'm so beyond suffering. I just wanna go.