I am going to drown myself tomorrowI have a terrible gambling addiction, and in general am a bad person.

I truly believe i have the potential to be good, and that i have a good heart.

But as someone profound said, 'the road to hell is paved with good intentions'.

And like most of you here, i have had good intentions to get my life together.

But i am inevitably sucked back into my vices which have such a hold on me.

I don't expect anybody to understand why i cant just 'stop gambling', as if i wasnt in my position i would share those very same views.

It's just a shame that we are all thrust into this world, to no fault of our own, and expected to make something of ourselves.

Yet some of us would be better off returning to the primordial ooze from wherest we came.

I will report back tomorrow if i am unsuccessful.

I guess i will either, to put it euphemistcally, 'pass away', or have a near death experiance which... who knows! Could be life changing!

I am going to go surfing late at a local uncrowded surf break, i know where the ledges are and i have put on my longest leg rope on my surf board. Then im going to do a space monkey, and swim down to hook my leg rope on the ledge.

I will then pass out, and my body will automatically breath in salt water. I am hoping this is enough to kill me.

For those who don't know, a space monkey is when you hyperventiate with about 40 breathes, then breath out and hold your breath til you quickly pass out. I used to do these in high school for shits and gigs.

I will also be highly intoxicated to hopefully increase the probabilty of success.

Hopefully i don't fail like i have at everything else in my life.

I am choosing to drown because i don't want to burden my family with the idea that i committed suicide.

It's really a shame that we all have pretty amazing potential but most of us will squander it. Well at-least i have.

Also, in my relatively short life space i have had a very negative impact.

I'm 22 years old, still living at home, don't pay rent, have no money in the bank, have no car and am cleaning for work not that i even spend the money.

I've lost 15 grand of my sisters money, but i managed to pay that off last year.

Before that i have ripped people off selling racing tips, promising people that would make a lot more than they would.

I have sent negative ripples out by doing this, because everything you do matters. 

I hope if anyone is reading this, i hope that you are doing alright.

If i don't edit this post by tomorrow night it means that i removed myself from the gene pool.

cya.