Goodbye.I don't know if I will be alive by the time you read this. Oct 12 2020. There has been so many times I wanted to end my life and I couldn't do it but this time I am making the intention. And usually when I do, things go to plan. 

Its the end of the line for my soul, im 26 and I my soul has no use to anything. I have nothing, no family. My mum is a literally an evil person and she will be pleased/not care about my death. My father is a waste of space and I am extremely tempted to say his name on here, he too couldn't care less if I lived or died. .

Nobody really cares, I came from the most unfortunate background, I was abused and when I got older I was bullied and constantly made fun of my appearance and my race. Yes I am black and I lived in Edinburgh. People in Edinburgh are terrible, they are horrible and always like to drag other people down because they always try to find ways to make their pathetic self feel better. Living and growing up there has given me trauma. I can't even look at my face in the mirror because of strangers always making sure they don't like me and that I am so ugly I don't deserve love. I get it im not worthy of anything. 

I tried to find some purpose, something, someone. I never succeeded. I am still alone and because of covid I am stuck in this rut. I see people that are successful and are happy, they are married, they have families and people love them. And I see myself just wasting away.

I was always a hard worker, I was homeless on the streets when my mother kicked me out until I managed to get my degree and move country. I was really proud of myself. I had to cope with the empty black void in my heart. But I didn't realise that it was swallowing my heart bit by bit.

I am tired, always in pain and damaged ugly goods. I can't even be likeable to others because I am not happy or positive. I can't afford therapy either. So I don't have a reason to be here anymore. I will be gone by tomorrow after work. And nobody will even know I am dead because I am in a foreign country. Just I wish I had the chance to tell my brother that I am so sorry I never had the chance to be there for him and that I failed as a sister. But the sad things is I will never be able to tell him.

Im sorry. And goodbye. 

Fatima