I survived, but wish I hadn't. I don't know what to do.I won't go into details but about 4 weeks ago I gave myself serotonin syndrome and nearly died. Instead of taking me to a hospital, my mom drove me 150 miles away from my home to isolate me. When I was finally able to get back home, instead of being supportive, my boyfriend (who has turned into the laziest person over the last few months, doesn't pay bills, doesn't do chores, but I'm too emotionally needy atm to kick him out) forced me to move his dog in (the dog is a huge source of stress for me due to behavioral issues and had been living with his grandfather). I'm unemployed atm due to being attacked at work, but if I don't do everything around the house AND pay all of the bills, nothing gets done. I got rejected by my core program in college again despite perfect grades and amazing test scores (they placed priority at how long you have been there), and even though I am scraping by on $600-700/month for both us and the dog, I'm heavily considering transferring to the expensive private school (the only other school with my program) that I *know* would accept me into their core program's Spring cohort. I can't see a therapist or a dentist right now even though I want to because of the virus, and I haven't left the house since I voted on the 7th because I am worried about getting sick. I had tried applying to the essential jobs I'm qualified for, but I haven't heard back from any after nearly 3 dozen apps. I've already accepted that I probably won't get to start my career until I'm 30 because my first degree didn't get me anywhere, but I feel like no matter how hard I work, life finds a way to fuck me over even harder. I have no other sources of local support since all of the friends I made when I moved here 5 years ago moved away or became sexually abusive. The weight I've gained since the COVID-19 outbreak feels like the cherry on top of everything. Some days I wish I hadn't survived, and I don't know how to feel any hope right now.