Why am even alive?I was suicidal for a long time from the ages of 14-16. When I moved out of my parents house at 16 everything changed and I felt way better. Most of those tendencies came from my parents acting like crap and the fact that I was raped and miscarried  the baby when I was 14. 

I thought I built a good life for myself. Finished college, got a career, found someone I thought I would marry. 

Now this year everything has been taken from me. I'm 20, I just left the relationship in February and while we're trying to work things out I hate hate hate myself and I don't feel secure around him at all. I left his house and I'm living alone. It's so much easier to think when you're alone and I've been thinking for weeks about myself, trying to be introspective, and all I've found is that I suck. I'm not worth it, I don't have anything to offer anymore.

I'm a teacher and for so long that's what has kept me alive, but with the virus, I'm just being shown that my kids don't need me. I'm teaching online and barely honestly. I suck at it because I'm not with them. I'm not adding to their lives, what am I doing?? 

My weekend job doesn't add or subtract to my life just gives me anxiety every day I'm there that I'm going to catch this stupid virus. I'm only scared because it seems like a long painful experience where I probably won't even get to die in the end. 

I feel like I have nothing to offer the world. The gift I was given of teaching was taken away. My support system, my family, the person I thought I was going to marry, I can't be around AND I don't even feel safe or comfortable talking with them about anything negative. I don't get to be sad, I'm their emotional support animal. All of them. I'm sick of it. 

I just can't help but wonder why I'm here. Would the world miss me if I left? Probably not. My students wouldn't notice. My parents wouldn't know for days. I'm the one who has to maintain contact with them and they still go around acting like I'm awful because I don't reach out. My ex literally picks on me for my choices, tells me I'm his world and then acts like I don't exist, so again, he wouldn't notice for a while.  My friends rely on me for support but I'm so sick of it. They wouldn't notice until I didn't pick up the phone for a few days to help them with stupid crap. 

I literally don't have a reason to be on this earth anymore and no where to turn to talk about any of this. Thank you for reading if you got this far. I just need help and need to get it out. I feel so lost like I don't even have a purpose, reason or right to be here anymore.