Is commiting suicide before getting a job, kind of like getting life for free and skipping out on the bill? So I've been a Forvever Alone my entire life. I'm the most socially awkward retard ever. I've never had friends or a girlfriend. At the start of college, I studied some Pick Up Artist Science. That didn't help. Instead Evolutionary Psychology put me in a much deeper depression since I realized that life was simply a brutal competition to spread selfish-genes through sadism, cruelty and domination. This wasn't a world I wanted to live in.

But through sheer inertia I let life drag on since my parents were paying it.

Ok so I'm in suicidal despair over the prospect of college graduation, which already has been long delayed by nearly a decade. My dad says I'm luck theres a recession, so that I'm part of the Lost Generation, and less abnormal in that way.
I look at the life I've lived up till now, supported by my parents as the free trial test-period of life. It sucked. But it was endurable, since it was free and everything was handed to me. But now the trial period is over. And I actually have to pay for the pleasure of life. Work is the price of enjoying life. And I didn't find life enjoyable even when it was free.
My worst fear is that life drags on another 50 years. I end up in a homeless shelter, but just barely manage to keep my biological functions going. Or more optimistically, I eventually do manage some low-level job. I endure. And my life sucks and is totally meaningless. And yet through sheer inertia it drags on, as it has up till now.
I figure working for an alpha male boss, who has total power over you 10 hours a day and your entire life, is a huge disutility. But most people put up with it, since thats the exchange you make for the capital that funds all the utiltiies of life. Friends, sex, partying, drinking, clubbing, nightlife, dating, family, social life. I have none of the good things of life. So why should I endure the bad parts? Whats the point of a foreveralone working? And this economy its not enough to grudgingly accept even a shitty job. You have to have drive and gusto, and go out and sell yourself as an enthusiastic product. Cut-throat competition for those who WANT a job. Much less those who don't really want to live in the 1st place.

TLDR If there is any good in life, I already got it for free on my parent's dime, why should I stick around to work for it? Besides life sucks! 