Got caught trying to hang myself but family has said nothing about it. I’m not sure how I feelSorry if I’m doing something wrong, this is my first time ever on this subreddit. So a couple days ago i had a very bad breakdown after my parents yelled at me at how I never wanna go out and do anything. For the record, I have some very bad anxiety and I usually go through great lengths to avoid people/situations and my parents are well aware of this but they still like to poke fun at me for it or get mad because of it. I’ve seen a doctor and I’m on medication which they also know about. Well anyway my parents left without me and whenever I have any kind of mental breakdowns I usually have this really bad urge to kill myself, and I kinda get this weird but good tingly feeling whenever I think about it. So I went to grab a step ladder from the garage and put it next to a tree in my backyard and I went to my room to grab some rope that I keep because it makes me feel safe. 

I started trying a noose but the step ladder didn’t let me reach quite high enough to tie it to the branch so I went back to the garage to get an actual ladder but right when I walk into my house my parents walked in cause they forgot something. I hid in my room until they left and then I get a text from my sister saying something like “Dad said you’re crying and tried to kill yourself” and my stomach dropped. I made a few half assed attempts at killing myself this year but I’ve never been caught. I expected them to come and ask me what i was doing but they just left. I went outside and the rope is gone and so is the step ladder. It’s been a few days and my parents haven’t even mentioned it nor has my sister. 

Honestly, seeing that text made me cry but feel kind of hopeful that my parents would take it seriously and I’d maybe get help but now that a few days have past I feel even worse than I did before. I just feel so alone and like I have no one. I don’t have any friends at all (at least in real life) because of my really severe social anxiety and I don’t think my parents wanna hear about it since they didn’t ask. I seriously don’t know what to do