Work is ruining my lifeWhich is really funny because work like.. Is my life. I enjoy my job as much as I can I suppose, and i’m cool with everyone.Recently we got someone new that has been making crude sexual comments to/about me from day one. I told a coworker while we were venting not expecting anything of it but she told our assistant lead, who told the STORE leader. Obviously, he was talked to, and now everyone with authority knows and it just feels awful. I know it was sexual harassment but I have always had a problem with feeling guilty about this sort of thing. I mean, I let the dude who sexually assaulted me go free instead of taking him to court because I didn’t want to ruin HIS future. It’s that bad. They’ve been sort of separating us since but all I can think about is how he’s going to think i’m a bitch because he’ll probably be let go, even though he should be. I hate that it matters to me what others think. On top of that another coworker of mine has an abusive gf (or ex now I guess?) that I didn’t know about before befriending him. She convinced herself that I wanted to steal him despite me being engaged and generally uninterested and has been stalking me for some time now. She stole my number from his phone before they split and called me at least 6 times before I blocked her.. I actually didn’t even know it was her (because I receive lots of spam) until  he gave me the heads up. Today really fucked me up though. She came INTO my workplace and made an entire scene in front of the assistant lead who graciously backed me up yet again. She made up a story about how they have a kid (they very much don’t) and tried to publicly guilt me for “destroying their relationship and making her a single mother.” Obviously they were actually having problems because she’s... fucking crazy... but here I am feeling guilty again. I’m just mortified and embarrassed and still shaky. I don’t know how she knew i’d be here today or specifically at this time. I’m low key worried she’ll follow me home from work or something and I genuinely think she’d have attacked me if she confronted me outside. I very much just want to die because all of this is tied to my only source of income. Getting this job was a huge deal for me with my anxiety and i’m not mentally prepared to have to apply or work anywhere else. I literally can’t wait to get home just so I can drink and relapse. The only thing stopping me from killing myself altogether is that i’m flying out to see my fiancé tomorrow and it’d crush him.