I dont see the point of living anymoreIm a 16 year old high school student and ive always been suicidal ever since i was about 13 or 14

School is just deteriorating who i am. Ive always been good at hiding my pain and suffering and constant anxiety/depression. Ive always been that kid in school thats a bit of a goof that needs more sleep and is a nice guy. Ive noticed recently that ive been doing a worse job at this. Several friends who also are going thru tough times recognize the face of someone who lost the will to live, and asks me if im okay. Ofc i say im fine because im not the type of guy that'll just confess everyting to my friends at once. Im sti kinda waiting on how i feel

Right now honestly im feeling okay, but i can feel suicidal thoughts slowly creeping on me. I feel like i have always 0 control over my life. I have the worst habits, of not doingm y work properly, unable to sleep even though im always constantly tired, going from a 3.9 gpa in frsshman year to now 3.5 and dropping. I feel like my parentd and school are just raping me metaphorically

My parents, sure they love me, but they fucking expect me to be just like any other korean kid, doing noting but studying for sats and tests. Oh you just finished track practice and worked on your schoolwork for 7 hours? Stop watching youtube and study for your sat class. 

I cant explain it well but i actually hate my parents so much and they do anything BUT support me, and do nothing but torment me. Home is supposed to be a safe haven. Youre not supposed to feel more at home in school than home

It is human nature to desire and education and learn. However, if you keep on feeding "informatuon" and "education" to said dtudents, dont you think theyll get tired? 

Its like with pizza. You crave it, but once you have too nuch you get sick of it. Im sick of school. Im sick of learning im sick of the grades how grades determine whether you live on the streets or live in a house. My schools courses are so fucked up it doesnt allow us to major i the courses we want to

I once tried killing myself 2 months ago, but the rope was a bit thin so it snapped before i died. I blacked out for a bit, but regain consciousness (fortunately or unfortunately) 

Its getting to the point where im fantasizinf about hanging myself or just buying a whole bunch of drugs to od and die on

I just dont see how my life is going to get better, because my life was going pretty well, but recently i just had a completr switch of direction and i just dont feel like living

The only thing thats holding me back from killing myself is im afraid of whats after death
Im not religous, and i never will be. Religion is just a fabricated lie to control people andgive them fake hope. Im afraid after death there will literally be nothing, which is the scariest thing i can ever think about.

Im sorry this is so long. Idk where this was going. Its 2 in the morning and my mind is pretty boggled. My friends were nice enough to send me answer for hw and do my part for a lab. I honestly lovd my friends so much and hope they have an awesome life and never deal eith what i have to. 

I lied. 2 things keeping my fron killing myself is death itself i guess, and losing my friends, most important people

Im not sure if i want advice or someone to convince me or i just wanna talk. Im just so caught up. Its like being confused on gender sorta, but rather with whether i want to live and die. Its like both

Anyways rhanks for reading. Comment anyting you want, you can comment kys and i wouldnt mind.
