Will someone here try to remember me at least one time after I am gone?I am sorry to be a burden &amp; ask but it is upsetting me to realize that when I am gone, no one will ever know I was here.  I guess I shouldn't care but I do a little bit. I just want to be remembered once; please.  I do not need anything public but I just want to leave the planet knowing someone, somewhere will hope I am at peace.  If I could, I would hire someone to do it but I doubt taskrabbit has that category.

I have been here for 40 years; none of which made any sort of memorable stain on the timeline.  I have never been popular &amp; I am fairly unatttactive for a female.  I did not excel at academics or sports or in any career.  I do not have any diagnoses or diseases that make me interesting.  The first/only time I saw a psychiatrist, he fell asleep while I was talking &amp; had to excuse himself to buy a Dr. Pepper to stay alert.

I could tell you about the abuse.  Today, I was punched in the stomach twice, called at least 50 names, &amp; wasn't allowed to use the toilet so I sat in urine for hours.  Then, I could tell you how that wasn't even the worst part of my day.  A relative is stealing my inheritance &amp; I don't have the resources to fight it.  I have to watch money that could save my life disappear.  The universe is telling me it is time to leave.

I have been sexually assaulted, mugged, homeless due to domestic violence, abused by parents and partner, lost the ability to walk, had disabling physical illness, had my financial stability destroyed by abusive partner, kicked until bones broke by my mother, had my dad stab my tires to keep me from escaping, having college delayed bc parents said their taxes were none of fafsa's business, etc.

Still, I had some really great times.  I met a lot of my favorite musicians including Beyonce.  I got to go to a lot of cool events like San Diego Comic Con, award show tapings, &amp; major sporting events.  I had some lovely friends along the way who made me feel all the righf ways.  Will you remember that about me?  I loved being happy. I loved dancing &amp; laughing &amp; shopping &amp; snowflakes &amp; ocean waves.

I would stay if I thought I had a chance at more happy.  Losing that inheritance today, well, that was my last shot as escaping some fairly intense abuse.  Even if I don't take my own life, I will die from his abuse soon anyway.  The stress of it is severely impacting my health.  I am gonna end up with a heart attack or stroke. I can't let myself end up even more dependent on him.  It would be true hell.

Thanks for letting me talk.  He locked me in a parking lot without a key so my battery is dying &amp; I can't charge the phone.  I wish I could stay here until the end but 5% won't last more than a few minutes.  Be good to yourself, please.  If I could change things, I would have been nicer to myself &amp; stuff.  I am a little bummed out I only got 40 years but I will go out hoping an amazing new life sprouts up in my absence. Hugs.