This is the most I could doFirstly, If you are thinking of sending ‘help’ please don’t. As much as I admire you’re noble intentions; it’s much too late for me. 

I’ve tried getting help it’s not meant to be as the mental health services as has my doctor have concluded that I’m not unwell enough based on my past achievement's.
Also, I’ve not decided to end my life right away but rather I’ll do it after I’ve tied up a few loose ends.

I have been doing my research and my conclusion is that for me, this will be best for me.
I’m autistic. I lost both my parents, I was an only child and therefore I no longer have any family. I was a full time carer for my mother for 15 years. She was disabled and very sick but my efforts to save her failed. I completed my duties as her carer and her son. But these past two years living for myself brings me no purpose, no happiness, no hope. Just loneliness and a new-found drug addiction that brings me some comfort and pleasure in my lost existence.

Due to my aforementioned autism, I have difficulty forming relationships (as if being gay wasn't difficult enough). People I do meet after talking to them online like the sound of me but don’t actually like me in person and so don’t give me a chance. I’m in my early thirties and I’ve never been in a relationship that has made me happy; including friendships.
I’m also living with the effects of abuse; I’m no longer being abused however I find myself ruminating about the past and have never truly healed from it.

Rather than suicide, I see this as an act of euthanasia.
The first time I tried to accomplish this task, it resulted in me laying unconscious for a few days in my house that I lived alone in.
It may not be a natural death, but to me it feels natural. Either existence ceases or I’ll be reunited with all the loved ones I lost; and we can be a family again. But one things for sure; this is the end of my existence that I fought to exist in to the point of exhaustion.

I don’t know why I’m posting this. I suppose just so there’s a record of my thoughts out there somewhere.

Thank you for reading.