I don't see the point of anythingHey Reddit.  I don't know what to do with myself anymore.  Nothing seems to have any point, and I'm just at the end of my rope.  I don't quite think I'm at the point of killing myself yet, but I see it as this inescapable inevitability.  I fantasize about it daily, and I can just see it looming ahead of me, maybe soon, maybe in a couple years.

I don't even know where to begin.  I've just got nothing going for me.  Is it possible for a person to genuinely be a waste of space?  I hate my job.  I have no skills or education.  I'm 35 years old, and I have nothing to show for it.  I go from rented room to rented room, never really having had my own place or possessions.  I'm over $20,000 in debt, and relief is years away.  

The only career I've ever wanted to pursue, I've always been told was an impractical impossibility by family, parents, everyone, basically.  I've never received any sort of support.  Instead, I've found myself in this career path that I loathe.  Every day going to Work feels like a nightmare.  I spend all my free time trying to pursue the thing I want, but it feels hopeless.  No one cares or acknowledges my work, and I've faced nothing but rejection from it.  Of course, this just furthers my suspicion that maybe I'm just no good, at everything.

Most importantly, I have no friends.  None.  My phone doesn't ring, I get no texts, I don't spend time with people.  I haven't been on a date in months, and I can't remember the last time I had one before that.  I can't remember the last time I had sex.  I can count on one hand the number of real relationships I've had in my life, and I wouldn't need half of my fingers for it.  It's not that I don't try, I've gone thru friends, but they just seem to sort of... fade away.  It seems when I meet someone, they find me interesting at first, and then, after a while, they just sort of vanish, and any attempts at keeping the friendship, or rekindling it, just sort of are ignored.  All this makes me feel like a pretty unlikeable person, or maybe just invisible.  This has just happened again recently... someone who I had found fascinating, and who I thought had liked me, too, I've driven her away somehow, and I don't even know what I did.  I only know that we used to talk daily, and then it was once a week, and now I am ignored, blocked on GChat, defriended on Facebook.  And I don't even know why.  

I'm just feeling at my bottom.  It's been years and years of this... friendless, hating what I do, this crushing loneliness, and this total inability to just talk to someone, ANYONE about it.  I've been to a Psychiatrist, but I don't see how it's going to really help, and I don't see him again for a month.  I just know that I can't go on like this.