I don't even know what the purpose of this is..I've struggled with depression the majority of my life. I am 22 years old. I dream of killing myself every day. I find myself joking around with my boyfriend these days that I'm going to kill myself. Somewhere deep down I think I'm hoping for him to see that I'm not really joking. Hoping for him to poke deeper, let me tell him without having to actually come out and tell him. I want to tell someone, but I don't want to tell someone at the same time. Do you know what I mean? I want to die but it's such a lonely ride to get there. I don't want to be alone through this. That's all I feel. Alone. I am 22 and should be out socializing, living up my 20's but instead I spend all of my time alone in my room, on my computer, in my comfort zone, "the internet". It's so fucking pathetic but it's the only place where I feel interested in anything. I have no friends. I pushed them all away when I was younger in high school due to my extreme social anxiety. I never went to college. I see everyone I went to high school with posting graduation pictures and all these awesome accomplishments and I just feel so inadequate. I still live with my 65 year old mother, never started college, I work a part time job making next to nothing. I feel a lot of resentment towards my parents for the way they raised me. Never pushing me towards anything because they were too busy fighting. Never teaching me family values, never showing me how to be a productive member of society. I feel like such a disappointment and an embarrassment. I just feel like a lost cause. I know I had so much potential, I could have been someone great. I feel like I am too late in the game now to be great. I don't know why I'm even in here writing this. Right now, I'm laying in bed just sobbing and feeling so lonely. I stay up until I physically can't keep my eyes open anymore. I don't want to die but I don't want to exist. I just want it to end. I'm giving myself until October 1st. If my thoughts are not gone by then, I am going to go through with a final plan. Recently, a best friend from junior high whom I'd fallen out of touch with killed herself and it gives me a weird sense of strength like if she could do it, I could do it too. It feels so fucking wrong but her suicide is giving me the encouragement to follow through with mine. 