My friend is having thoughts of suicide after a bad breakup. She has no one to talk to except me. How can I help her?(Throwaway account because I don't want my friend to find this, because I'm scared she would stop talking to me if she knew)

Some background: My friend and I are in college and have been friends since 7th grade.  She has had a history of depression (she is on medication, she recently switched to a new one a couple of weeks ago, I don't know if she is having a negative reaction to it or not) since I have known her.  She was once in the hospital for trying to OD, and she has also dealt with anorexia.

My friend started a relationship with an older man at the beginning of fall, which ended one week ago. This relationship had been kept secret from her family (she did not tell them because they are very conservative and would not have accepted her if they knew) and most of her friends. She tells me that I am the only one that she totally trusts and who she can tell everything. The breakup has been very hard for her as she has been having to hold her feelings in while she is at home, unable to tell anyone but me. I have been talking to her on the phone a lot, as it is difficult for me to go and visit her. I have been trying to console her about the relationship, and trying to give her advice. I thought that out talks had improved her mood.

However, early this morning she called me crying, saying that she was going to kill herself and she had a suicide note ready (which she said she would send to her ex). She said she was going to call the suicide hotline but decided to call me instead.  Despite my advice, she has been talking to her ex, which have only made things worse and have got her to this state.  I have told her before to cut contact with him but she still loves him.  Her ex was many 'firsts' for her - she lost her virginity with him, and this was her first serious relationship.  She now feels 'tainted' for losing her virginity to him. After talking to her and calming her down, she says that she won't commit suicide because she "won't get answers" from him is she did. I have tried to tell her before that she should try not to dwell, and that she probably won't get all of the answers that she wants from him; she can't get in his head.  I am really worried that she will try to get all of the answers she wants and not try to move on. I am scared that she will be suicidal again. She does not have the money to see a therapist, however she does go to free counseling while she is at school.  She doesn't want to go back to school because it only reminds her of her ex. I don't know what more I can do to help her.