GF threatens suicide if I break up or if I tell anyone, what do I doshe is depressed and sometimes tries to kill herself. Not often but sometimes. 

I personally can't handle it and I want out of the relationship, but she accuses me of not loving her by leaving. I don't know if I love her. When she tries to kill herself I save her and care to make sure she's ok. But I'm tired of my life revolving around keeping her alive. I feel like she should seek professional help.  
It is selfish, but I want to have a life that isn't revolving around suicide crisis, and I don't know how to get there.  
She is studying abroad here and she has no friends besides me. In the world I am the person she has opened up most to, more than parents and childhood friends, so she feels worse/more betrayed if I leave. 
I want to time it when she's with her parents at home in winter break, but that means i have to fake it for another 2 months. I don't know what will happen if I break mentally myself and just say fk it, go kill yourself. I broke down already multiple times to my friends, and I'm breaking down now. 
I don't want to be responsible for her death. But I also don't want to be responsible for destroying her life, as she puts it when I talk about it. She is OK when I don't bring it up, just once in 6 months there's another emergency.


Edit:
Thank you all for your responses. I am overwhelmed by the support.  I made it clear that my life was damaged by her behavior and I was struggling. She recognized that her burden is unfairly put on me (and said that's why she doesn't want to tell anyone because she doesn't want to burden them), thanked me for helping her, I got in one more suggestion for going to a professional which she expressed no interest in, and then she left.  
I verified via facebook that she made it home and is still active.  
All her closest acquaintances have been alerted and so have her parents. No details, just that she needs help. 

I decided to 'respect' her right to reveal her issues.  I will not make the choice to commit her into a psych ward: I leave that choice with her. As with what she'll do with her life, I leave it her choice.  

This was a very stressful day, but for now it seems OK.  We'll see long term what happens