Here I am...
Here I am laying in the tub at almost midnight after a long day. I’ve got the brownies from Papa Johns. I’ve got the cold milk in a cute mug. I’ve got the weed. I’ve got the big bubbles. I’ve got the pink himalayan salt and I’ve got the candles in this dark room. You would think sounds like a relaxing moment. Right? But all I can do is sit here and be ungrateful for everything I’ve been given in this wonderful thing called life. For months which feels like years I’ve struggled. This last month particularly for some reason I’ve struggled the most. It’s funny because I thought that I would be happy and less worried but for some reason I am more worried. I did a sudden change which may be the cause of it all but I believe it was a good change it was just really unexpected. 

Any change scares me. Normally when I make a change I make a very big one. Spontaneous. It normally makes me feel alive. All I’ve felt lately is emptiness and numb. I don’t feel alive and to be honest I kind of wish I could just disappear for awhile till my brain becomes normal again. I consider myself a failure. I’ve done nothing worth mentioning in life so far. I’ve always struggled to motivate and believe in myself. I make it seem to myself that my problems are dumb and I’ll just get over them but I don’t. I sit here everyday and have a battle in my brain and body. I hate the way I think. I hate the way I feel. I hate everything. I feel like all I’m doing is bringing the people around me down as well. 

I feel ugly. So ugly. I shaved my head bald because who knows the fuck why. I haven’t felt like a girl or a woman in a few months and it’s draining me mentally and physically. I hate my body. I was trying so hard for months and finally lost 15lbs just to gain it back in basically 1 week of eating whatever the fuck I wanted. I’m just done with trying at all. I try to eat healthy but in the end my brains bad thoughts always win the battle. I end up eating like shit and saying it doesn’t matter. I’m gonna die one day anyways. 

Last night I had suicidal thoughts and I had them this morning as well. I cried all morning and smacked my head to try and get these thoughts out. My boyfriend comforted me but I still felt dead inside. I went on with my day and smoked a lot of pot and ate a lot of food. Then I dropped my boyfriend off at work and on the way back home I literally don’t know what happened but the next thing I know I’ve lost control of my car and I see a stopped pick up truck with his left turn signal on in front of me..then crash. My right eye and chest hit the steering wheel and my right knee hits the dash. I look up and my car is totaled. First person I call  is my dad and he’s on his way immediately. I honestly didn’t really feel much emotion. I honestly didn’t really care. I was more worried about going to jail because I had weed in my system. Jail kind of sounded fun for a minute. To me it sounded like a distraction and maybe I could become normal after experiencing something “traumatic”. 

I had to call my mom and I instantly started bawling and telling her how I was feeling. It felt good to let someone know that I’m not okay at all. She told me she loved me and helped calm me down. I just don’t understand what’s going on with me. This should be a wake up call..but now I feel even more numb because I don’t feel nothing at all. I’m not worried about anything because I know my mom and dad will handle it because I’m a ungrateful piece of shit that doesn’t appreciate anything at all. I just want something life changing traumatic to happen to me so maybe I can WAKE THE FUCK UP AND APPRECIATE THIS ONCE IN A LIFETIME CHANCE I HAVE AT LIFE. I really think I need a lot of help and have no idea where to begin.