Please talk to me I think I’m gonna do itThis is a call for help, I just need to talk to someone who can listem and tell me what to do...

I’m a 23 old gay men, still live with my parents,  I graduated last friday on Biotechnology, I live in Brazil.

So...I should start by saying that since I was young, being gay has been a constant torment in my life, I hate being born like this and being effeminate, I hate my gay voice and on top of that I’m a very skinny guy (57kg) this makes me think I have no value as a men or a human being, wich  i’m sure the bullying i’ve endured during high school and sometimes nowadays has a big part in. I came out to my parents when I was 18 years old and they accept me and we don’t have problems regarding that matter anymore.

I graduated in a state university in my city, one of the best in the state, I love the scientific field and I’ve been a part of 3 internacional/nacional research papers but now I can’t find a job. I’m currently working part time at my mother’s office, my family has a decent financial situation and they don’t mind helping me out until I can sustain myself....but, they are also extremely toxic people! My father is bipolar and has been admitted  to  mental institutions throughout the years since I was a child, he now is a retired from the army because of that. I have a horrible relationship with him and honestly don’t consider him my actual father but kind like some problematic brother.

My sister is borderline and suicidal, we don’t have a nice relationship either, honestly I don’t care that much about her and just see her as someone who happens to live around the house.

My mother is the most normal one of the bunch, sometimes she can go completely nuts but since she has to deal with all of that, I’m sure she does the best she can and I don’t blame her.

I also suffer from mental illness, ever since I was a child, being gay and caring this burden with me has been extremely horrible, I’ve had suicidal thoughts ever since I can remember and on top of that I have poor social skills, can’t seen to be able to maintain relationships and my first instinct is to completely cut people out of my life who hurt me. During college I’ve developed generalized anxiety disorder and 1.5 years ago i’ve started to have major panic attacks who sometimes makes me collapse on public places and this year I’ve started to have SERIOUS dissociative episodes, when sometimes I loose complete sense of time and can’t recall somethings that i’ve done and when I come back from them I feel hopeless and think I’m going completely crazy.

I go to therapy once a week and have a prescription to Alprazolam (xanax) to help me with my panic attacks and dissociative states.

Currently I’ve been feeling so lost...I’m so tired of having to deal with all of this and can’t seen to find a way out of this situation, suicide it’s the only thing that’s going to bring me peace...I justa want it all to stop, I don’t have the strength to deal with this anymore.

I just wanted my story to be heard and maybe have some perspective from outside. I’m planning to buy a strong rope tomorrow and finally put an end to this.

but deep down I just wish I could endure a little longer and have a happier, healthy life.

Sorry for my english.