I'm scared. I honestly don't know what else to put.Sorry that it's a bit of a novel, but I feel like I have to start from almost 2 years ago. 

Around the time I was heading off to college (6/2013) my mom was diagnosed with cancer. I was going to school well out of state and was only able to return home on breaks. In that time I met some of the best friends anyone could ask for and got my first girlfriend (we broke up soon after, but it's one of the few things I've managed to get over). What helped me deal with my mom and the breakup was my best friend from high school.

We hadn't seen or talked to each other for a while due to being busy with our own lives. We reconnected and we're better friends than we were before. The problem being that that drama was me having feelings for her. I suppose they never really went away, but more or less went dormant.

Fast forward. It's the end of my first semester and I'm home for the summer. My mom wasn't looking great, but she had beat the cancer. Everything was going to be fine right? Maybe a week after I got back, my father and I got the news that my mom now had MDS and had maybe a few weeks. This was mid to late May. She died June 5th, almost a year after my HS graduation. 

We held a wake and I thought my instate friends would show up as a show of support. Only 3 came. I didn't hold it against most of them because they atlead to have their condolences and it was extremely sudden, but it was still numbing to expect these people to be there when you need them the most and to not have them be there. My best friend was one of the 3. We hung out any chance we had that summer.

I went back to school the next semester and paid for it with my mother's life insurance money after paying for the funeral and a memorial trip. We had talked about taking a road trip to Texas when my mom got better, but that didn't happen. Instead we visited family in Florida. Perhaps it wasn't the best use of the money, but we thought it best to take some time to clear our minds and meet with some family. As far as school goes, my mother was always pushing me to get education and we thought not going back would dishonor her. 

I couldn't afford my current school after that last semester so I regretfully had to leave my friends behind. I transferred to the school my best friend was going to because I was struggling bad and needed some extra support. The problem being is that it was still expensive. I've since taken out a loan and gotten financial aid, but I'd be lying if I didn't have a breakdown. 

Apologies for sidetracking, but our financial situation is shit. Granted, we fucked ourselves over, but it wasn't great even when my mom was sick. She was our only income as my dad has been unemployed since 2012 and collecting a pension from his time as a firefighter. I've even gotten a part time job to pay for school and take care of my own needs like food and gas. In fact, we're down to one car now as my dad's car got repossessed. My dad's been looking and applying for every job under the sun, but he's 60 years old and if he did get hired it'd have to be in walking distance.

To further complicate things, our house is being foreclosed (I think that was the term) and we're being forced out eventually. I say eventually because this has been an ongoing process since before my mom was sick. We have a large dog and most of the apartments in our price range don't allow large pets and we refuse to get rid of our dog.

Fast forwarding back to today. An acquaintance of my friend wanted to talk to her today. He talked about his home problems and then he asked her out. This isn't the first time this has happened to my friend and he wasn't the first person. I'm guilty of this. 

Anyway, she told him no. We talked about what happened and she pretty much said that she "was sick of friends asking me out". Some other highlights are "I don't want to date and don't want a relationship right now" and "I'm almost never interested" when it comes to guys. 

Throughout everything that's happened in high school up until now she's always been there for me and we're both really close. We're meeting for pancakes tomorrow because she wanted to celebrate international pancake day or something. I haven't told her I still like her, but on the other hand I can't keep it in anymore cause it's causing me more trouble than it's worth. I figure the best thing to do is to tell her I like her, but to also let her know that I never asked because of friends asking her out thing and I respect her too much to want to jeopardize our friendship like that.

I was relieved when she said no to her acquaintance, but at the same time it was like she was also saying no to the possibility of us. As far as I'm concerned,  she and my dad are the only people I feel comfortable sharing my issues with. If my dad dies and if I lose her as a friend I don't feel like I'd have anyone. I'd be alone.

I'm sorry if it seems more like something for a relationships subreddit, but it seems like no matter how well things go week to week the big picture doesn't look any brighter. I feel like giving up. I haven't killed myself yet because I know how bad losing my mom hurt my dad and my best friend has lost people to suicide before. I'd decided that when my dad dies, I lose track of my best friend, and if I'm alone I'd kill myself. I don't know what the future will be, but if it's that bad I'll make the choice then. For now though, I'm scared of how my friend will react, I'm scared of losing my dog, I'm scared of the future.

One week it's bright and then it's not. I want to give up, but as bad as it gets I don't want to act. Instead I think "maybe I'll get into a car accident and get killed" and things like that. I'm sorry again for the novel, but I didn't know where else to turn to.