FAQ I'm sure. Those who have come close to going through with it, but ultimately stopped. Why and what?If you've ever fallen to such depths that the ideation became actually planning and you got as far as writing a note and setting aside a time and place, only to stop yourself from carrying it out. What stopped you? What keeps you going now? This may as well be my unofficial cry for help, although I often feel so damn jaded and angry that I doubt anything will change my mind if I finally cross that threshold.

I have a few ideas on the how and what I'd generally want to say in a note. However, I'm just not quite there. I can't say what it is that is keeping me around. I don't flat out hate my family, but I can't say I really like them. There are a few people who truly get on my nerves and may find themselves at the end of my patience, but I'm not really interested in hurting them just for the sake of it. My decision, if I do manage to do the deed, will be my choice alone, regardless of how selfish it may be. No one else will be responsible for my choice and I don't want those left behind pointing the finger.

I'm not religious and even if there were a small part of me that believed in any sort of higher power, I don't believe that it cares about us. If such a being existed, it should know exactly why I made the choices I made, why I was who I was. If a truly loving being existed, then they should make a better effort to keep people from getting to the point I'm at. I'm not here to argue theological bullshit though, so any sort of spiritual explanations any of you may have, while appreciated in spirit, they will fall on deaf ears. No human will convince me god exists, in fact, they have only done the opposite.

So... As I sit here, stressed out over a number of things that may or may not be under my control, I can't help but feel miserable as it is just another day in a long-running series of days, all the same, with very little redeemable value. I have a 3-day weekend to "look forward to" and all I can think about is how I could just as easily spend it, cleaning up my apartment before calling it quits for good. The chances of this are slim as I lack the motivation to do much of anything these days. I could use some suggestions as to what I could be forgetting to take into consideration. Whatever the case, I'm stuck at work for another hour and a half and I'm bored. My mind wanders at times like this and it usually ends up in dark territory.