I need to find a man to take care of me before my dad dies.I've always said there are only 3 things that could instantly drive me to suicide no matter what (regardless of how much I think about it.)

Homelessness, getting raped, and my dad dying. 

My mom died when I was a kid and over the past few years my dad and I really have grown apart from our other family members. My dad and I stopped getting along when I hit puberty but he's still all I have. He lets me live at home rent free, basically takes on the role of both parents, gives me money, and is very lenient with me. Pretty much what he never did for me emotionally, he made up for by providing for me. While I do resent him for not always being the most emotionally involved or understanding, I know he's a better parent than most and I truly don't deserve him. 

I think about how when he dies, i'm fucked. I am not ready to be an adult and I know he's exacerbated this problem by not pushing me in life. I'm too much of a depressed, pathetic, stupid little ball of anxiety to be an adult. I'm not cut out for it. The thought of learning to do taxes, take care of finances, pay rent, and deal with a real job...it's all fucking terrifying. I can't even drive. 

I don't know when or why I adopted the mindset that I need a man to save me but I undoubtedly think I do. I always used to consider myself an independent girl who could truly live without a relationship but I don't feel that way anymore. If I don't have a man to take care of me, I don't know what I'll do. I essentially have begun to want the housewife life for myself even though i've never cared about kids or marriage. Just so I don't have to do all the hard parts of life myself. 

I don't know what I'll do. I truly think my life will be stuck like this forever. I think i'll be at the same shitty retail job forever. I think i'll still be ubering and taking the train everywhere because i'm too scared and lazy to learn to drive. I'll be stagnant like I have been for the last 3 years. 

When my dad dies, I die. Point blank. I wish I could just work up the balls to kill myself now. But I don't want to cause him that pain. I just can't handle life. I pray and pray to be normal and productive and motivated and happy but it's just not in me. I wish I had taken all those pills that night.