I hate everything about myself. What's the point?Whether it's looks or personality... I hate it. I'd probably hate me if I weren't me. And I do hate myself. When it comes to looks, I mean... I'm a balding 19 year old with the voice of a chick, bad teeth (plaque and overbite, yay), my hair is thin and gross. Not the way it used to be. It was wavy, which I always hated, but it was thicker. I'm only like, 5'6'', and can still fit clothes I wore in middle school. Which is depressing. I have light to moderate acne. I am very insecure about my body in general. I used to have such little hair and now... well, too much for my standards, even though my facial hair isn't too much. Granted, I don't even like leg and arm hair. And while my face is still pretty round (it's an oval), I don't like high cheekbones. I like roundness. But, people say I have feminine features to my face, and I'm mixed on that. I like feminine looks, but I'm not feminine enough to be pretty... just feminine enough to be made fun of. Same with my height really. I'm short enough to be made fun of, but not short enough to be cute and bite-sized. Plus, I can be believed to be 14-15 despite being 19, almost 20 (if I hide my receding hair anyway). Ugh.

&amp;#x200B;

So not only am I horrendous for looks (people are only nice because they pity me), I'm not the greatest person. Sure, I generally treat everyone with the basic respect and politeness, but I can also be kind of an ass, and my depression has made me very jaded and cynical. I also get jealous very easy. Friends wouldn't spend time with me, so I always felt alone, and spent my lunch time in a teacher's classroom (I think she could tell I was lonely), or just walking around campus cause literally, there was nothing to do. When friends did want to hang out... it's when they had nobody else. After school ended... I see pictures all over the internet of them hanging out, and my existence has been forgotten by almost everyone. As such, when I do get a friend... I just follow them around like a puppy. It's pathetic. It's just that I appreciate whenever anyone actually cares about me. And then there's my whole sexuality issue... "hey, that dude is cute... wait I'm straight...". It's only been one guy (and he's still super cute to me), but it really bothers me.

&amp;#x200B;

I can guarantee you aside from my immediate family (who would feel obligated to go), my funeral would be empty. Assuming anyone wants to put in money for one for me. Like, I've achieved all I'm going to. The stuff I want to do in life is out of reach. I could never be a police officer. Or go to Japan and try to start over with life. I'm untalented, unskilled, and I can't even provide good genes to future generations. The most basic purpose of life. My genes are awful. Not like anyone would want to reproduce with my sub-human self anyway... but even if I could, I wouldn't want my child to suffer being part me. I'm objectively useless. Worthless. Why should I bother? Why not end it? I've been told it gets better since I was 14, and been depressed since I was like, 12. 