I shouldn't be told not to     I want to die, and have planned out my last month in great detail before I end this constant battle. I know y'all have a lot of these posts to deal with, and I understand that a lot of these people need all the attention and help they can get. However I need to just get this off of my chest, and let at least somebody know what's going on, because y'all are the kind of people who seem to listen to these kinds of things.

     A little about myself. I'm 18 and am from Texas, but moved to Colorado last fall. I have a very terrible disease that is known by many as chronic depression. I've had it since elementary school and have the files to prove it. I'm not sure where it all originated from, but it just seemed to eat away at me like cancer. I was adopted when I was just 1 year old into a Catholic Family, who focuses more on image and ideals than actually bettering themselves as people. They thought I had bipolar as a child, but after countless years of unnecessary therapy and medicating me up, they found that it was just depression, and they saw it more as a hindrance to my 'future' than anything else. 

     I have always loved nature, and so I came up to Colorado to work. My parents said I couldn't come back at the end of my contract here, so I am homeless (til I have to go to business school in the fall) and I just wasted away in alcohol and cigarettes. I don't really have friends or care for them as I am extremely Independent and quite honestly, I don't like people or being around them. My depression is just a constant looming force and I don't want to deal with it anymore, because after years of therapy, medication, hospitals and the such, I know it won't go away. 

     So I'm going to end it. I don't know whether or not my family needs to know, but I guess they'll find out either way. I have no aspirations in life, and the ones I do have require money to do and I don't have that and have no motivation to make any. At the end of this month, I plan on hiking deep into the wilderness to hang myself with the Manila rope I just bought. I think I needed this all my life. If I had been successful the past two times I did it, I'd already be at peace.