I wish I could just leaveI’m just lost now. I don’t see why I’m still here. I want to end it, and would have if it weren’t for my family. They try so hard. My mom wants me to succeed, my dad sees me succeeding in the future, and my younger brother looks up to me. I can’t live up to that. I can’t do any of that. All I can do is be pulled along by society until I break and disappear. My friends don’t give a shit, they don’t want to hang out. People only hit me up for alcohol. I thought buying a fake would help me get invited and hang out with people, but all it’s done is show me how little I mean to anyone. I’m no better than anyone else with a 21+ ID with nothing better to do. I’m average at everything and good at nothing but singing, but who the fuck cares about artists? I can’t even do that on my own, I need people to support me there. I’m an average student, struggling between tests, and I don’t find joy in any of it. I’m not happy, but I don’t deserve to be happy. I feel shitty of how successful my friends are with women when I’m not, and then I feel shitty because I care about that.

This is a long time coming. I tried to commit suicide last over a year ago and I let someone talk me out of it, someone who I then went on to try and date who then left me high and dry a week before prom. Last year one of my New Year’s resolutions was to successfully kill myself. I didn’t do it. I should have. I’ll go through phases, sometimes up to a couple of weeks, where I feel like everything is okay and I forget why I’m depressed, and then all of a sudden it’ll all come crashing down on me. 

I’m scared of killing myself but it seems like the best option. Not to give away anything about who I am, but my city is known for high schoolers taking their lives. I see where they’re coming from. It’s not school, it's not parents, it's just life. It just makes more sense to kill myself like these other students did and never have to deal with this anymore. 

I don’t really care if any of you read this, because I probably will be too weak to actually do anything, but I just needed to tell someone. Sorry for the rambling train of thought.