Still don't see any other option.I [posted here](https://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/3r6jvf/i_dont_know_what_to_do/) a couple months ago, and things haven't gotten any better.

The tl;dr of that: I'm an adult with depression and high functioning autism. I wasn't even diagnosed with the latter until the day I was dismissed from grad school. The reason why I was dismissed was because I had a complete breakdown after constant gaslighting and emotional abuse by my advisor (but officially it's because I'm stupid). The reason why I went to grad school in the first place was because I was struggling to support myself in the "real world." Because my social skills are shit, I couldn't talk my way into a decent job outside of my field. And inside my field (microbiology) you kind of need a graduate degree now to have a career.

So now I'm back to square one with no job, no marketable skills, and a spotty resume. I've been getting professional help for a while, but it's expensive and doesn't seem to help. I've been struggling to pay my bills with freelance work (which would be hard for a normal person to do, but I have about 0 energy). This month I had to accept financial help from my mom, which is bad for a few reasons: 1) I don't think she can actually afford to help me for very long and she's never been honest about money. 2) A big part of why I picked a school halfway across the country is because my family has major problems and the only mentally healthy option I have is to keep them at a distance. 3) I'm in my late 20s and it's fucking pathetic.

The job market is so competitive and there's such a stigma when it comes to mental illness and autism that I don't think I'll ever find a job that pays a living wage and doesn't make me miserable. Why would anyone ever hire me over a normal person with a great resume? I'm too functional for anyone to give a shit but not functional enough to have a life. If I ever have to give up what little I have (my apartment, my pets, and my autonomy), I'm going to kill myself. I don't see any other option at this point.