It just hurts too much anymore.I have struggled with depression and anxiety in the past but have had it under control for many years until now. 


In the past few weeks so many things have happened in my life and compiled to where I feel so hopeless and like a complete failure. I just don’t see the point anymore. 


I am a 26 year old woman and married to my high school sweetheart. 


I spent 2 years after already getting a degree going back to school again full-time quitting my job to start a new career which still hasn’t happened because my health has taken over my life and I’m unable to work so my time is spent between doctors appointments and physical therapy trying to fix me.


We are living with my dad because we were trying to buy a house which is no now longer an option the area we live in is just out of control competitive. My
Husband works in Afghanistan and is currently there right now so while he is gone I’ve been searching and applying for rentals that we just keep getting turned down for. Over and over and over again.


My cousin had a baby last week which was amazing and a happy occasion and I spent three days house/dog sitting cleaning and preparing their home for the baby (baby was very early and they were unprepared) and I left feeling why am I not there? Why don’t I have a normal life where I see my husband all the time and live on our own and am having babies? Rather than be happy for them which I feel guilty about even thinking.


Then my husband dropped a massive bomb on me, he has a prom addiction he has been struggling with for YEARS, high school to be specific (when we met) and it explains a lot of our intimacy issues (I can count on my fingers how many times a year we have sex). How do I not feel like he is not attracted to me or that I’m not good enough? How do I not take this personally? 


Well the real kicker was last night. I got in a fight with my dad over something completely pointless and unimportant and he decided to really stick it home how worthless I am by listing every mistake I made is a teenager and telling me I am nothing but a disgrace and a mistake and he is done with me for good and wants me out of his life and out of his house immediately calling me every horrible name in the book and washing his hands of me as a human being. 


My in-laws live two miles from my Dads and are out of town so I packed a bag and am staying here. I haven’t eaten in two days and all I can think is I’m not enough. I’m a burden. I just fail at everything. I’m a failure as a daughter, a wife, a person.  I don’t want to be here anymore and it hurts too much. 