Why are we alive.Why am i living this life. Why do i have to continue living. I face constant depression. Hatred at school. Parents are drunks, they barely support us, luckily my brother and i learned to live on the streets from when we were little. Now im just tired of this shit. Do you ever just wake up wondering why you woke up. Why not just sleep forever. Why not just die. My issues would be solved. No more sleepless nights because my parents are having drunken fights, no more going to bed without food, no more bullies at school, beating the shit out of me, no more guilt after having stolen food to survive. That's the only way i really eat, if i steal something. Yet i still feel guilty. I want to grow up to be an honest man. I wish that was even an option. My current options are to free myself from this shit, or to continue on, grow up to be a drunk. Grow up in some gang, ultimately getting myself killed. Accidentally get some woman pregnant because i was drunk. Make more bad choices. End up broke, drunk, with no food, and with two kids like my dad. At least i will have done my part in continuing life within hell. Wouldn't it be better for me just to end all right here. Just to let go. I think I could do it. Steal a couple of containers of sleeping pills. Google how much it would take to be fatal. Down the hatch. Have a nap. Boom its over. I guess i am making this as a suicide note. I am making this as a suicide goodbye, to anyone that will give a shit. I hope you enjoy life. I hope you will remember that one kid that will appear on the news as another suicide. Who knows, maybe my brother will do the deed too. Cool. Twins who killed themselves. Goodbye world. Goodbye Trevor, my slightly younger brother. See you on the other side. Oh and make sure that you bury my body in some fucking awesome way. Dont have a fucking boring funeral that will make mom and dad cry and get more drunk. Bury me by the pond we used to swim in as kids. I dont know why the fuck i am posting this on reddit, i guess i just feel like i want the world to know that some people still have to live, or not to live, in hell, even in our so called civilized country. 