I feel like I am hopelessI don't know what to do anymore. I came here for advice, since I can't really talk with anyone else and since nobody knows who I am. I am very sad. 

I never had a lot of friends, but that was fine for me, since I don't like the idea of having many friends. My actual friends are very nice, they are helping me and they are listening to me when I need to talk to someone. Of course, I also had a few friends who hurt me so much and they still don't know, but it's fine since I chose to get away from them. I came here to just vent off my feelings and maybe someone has another advice other than "just hang in there". 

For me, highschool was painful. I was not bullied, but I wasn't very close with people. Only later. My parents are very strict, my dad has and is still verbally abusing me(when i see it's getting physical, i just shut up). I talked with my friends, but I can't tell everything. It was a period when everyday me and him would just shout at each other and say horrible things. That period was also the time when I had a fight with my group of friends because they didn't really respect me. It was also the time where I was'n very sure about my sexuality. It was very hard for me, I cried every night, but I managed to get myself put of that situation and meet new people, put myself in new situations. My escape was always gameplays. Highschool wasn't hard at all for me, I spent all the time watching youtube and I still got As. I was very anxious in that classroom, I felt like ppl with whom I didn't speak before hated me(which is probably true since we were divided in groups). In those horrible years I grew so much and changed my view of point a lot. I never experienced a relationship, I panicked when feelings were mutual. And the guys that I really liked and I was prepare to confess my feelings, they made me suffer and I was crying because of them, so I stopped believing in everything that has to do with romance. I thought that it was gonna be over, that "this is the hard period in my life". But I was wrong

Slowly, i got sicker and sicker. My period sucks a lot,I can't do anything for 2 days. It sounds stupid but it affects me a lot. I also am sick and I did so many bloodtests and ecographs and stuff like that, but nothing came wrong. It is exhausting to wake up every day, feel sick for 4 hours, then when it's night to feel the same thing. I don't know why, I tried to do sports(which was very painful for me). A lot of my time is wasted on this sickness, and it s affecting my life so much. Also, i have breathing problems, so I am trying very much to breath every day. I had a panick attack in the past, and now they are coming back. Now in college, it's hard. I am behind my work so much because I was sick for 7 weeks. I didn't pay atention to any seminar, I didn't go to courses. Now I have to work hard, since exams are close. I am doing college from home since the pandemic, but a lot of my friends left the town and I literally have no one here. Every one is busy(that is in my town), since it's not highschool anymore. I reached the point where i am waiting for my parents to finish eating so i can go eat alone. I crave for the moments when i am alone in the house. 

And since i have a lot of medical problems, and car sickness, when I am going into a different town or i just wanna hang out with friends and eat, i get very sick and i can't focus on anything else. I have social anxiety, which not all of my friends get. It's hard for me to make myself get out of the house and talk to ppl. My dream is to travel, but I don't think I am capable. When I went to a different city for 3 days, I was soo sick from train travelling that it was just a nightmare. I recently have began driving school, but that is a pain too. 

You see, I didn't really have a happy adolescene, since my parents are strict. I am 18 years old and in the winter my maximum hour for outside is 6:00 pm. It sucks. Think how much it affected me in highschool. I am very sick, i reached the point where I can't get out of my bed without feeling like throwing up. I am locked in this house with no one to talk f2f. I am overwhelemed by college. I am tired of faking it. I don't want to end it, because I am also thinking that it's gonna be better. But it's not. It's getting harder and harder for me. The little things exhaust me so much :( . I don't have any time for my passions. I am just staying in bed trying to feel better. I don't know what to do, I don't want to do nothing because i ll waste time. I am afraid that it will get even harder, and i don't think i can face that. I am hopeless and filled with hope for future at the same time.