I always though it would be me.I always thought it would be me. We both struggled with depression, but I was the one who isolated, who slept for days and self harmed. He was a talented athlete and always craving life experiences, even if he was never really satisfied.


I was in lab, halfway across the country when I got the call. My sister, who is his age and who was never close to to him, was on the other end.

Her: Jill?

Me: what's wrong

Her: silence

Her: silence

Her: noises, not human 

Me: take a deep breath. I'm here. What happened?

Her: noises, heavy breathing (is she crying?)

Me (cold sweat): Ellie what's going on? Take a deep breath

Her: Alex Jones committed suicide. 

Me (stepping into the hallway): what I can't hear you speak up

Her: Alex Jones committed suicide.

Me (voice breaking): Alex Jones committed suicide?

Her: yes

Me: how?

Her: he shot himself. John (his dad) found him.

Me (voice is high pitched and broken): he shot himself?

Me: what about his siblings? Were they there?

Her: no they were at summer camp. 



I asked her many more questions but none of the answers were satisfying. He was 18 and going off to college this fall. I had known him since I was four and he was two. We were next door neighbors and best friends when we were little. My dad delivered his younger siblings when they were born. Our families were intimately connected. When i was ten I started nanny his siblings and did it until I was 16. I drove him to school every day in highschool. He was in love with me for years. I didn't reciprocate because of my relationship with his family. We talked all the time about everything. He knew things that no one else knows. I have so many memories, I can hear his voice. I went away to college two years ago. We still kept in touch every few months. He was happy, had a girlfriend and a part time job and was doing well in school. He apologized for hitting on me so aggressively in highschool. I told him I forgave him and understood and he was so relieved. We had wonderful talks. He was going to be an amazing man.

We were supposed to be lifelong friends. He was going to do amazing things. Why didn't he reach out when things got bad? I've been suicidal before. I understand the mindset. I just can't imagine how he felt when he pulled the trigger. And what about his siblings? My neighborhood? His siblings lives will be forever changed. They will always be the kids who's older brother shot himself in their house. All the neighboorhood kids looked up to him. They all lost their innocence today. Alex shot himself. What about his family? are they still in the house where he died? What about his dad? How will he ever get over finding his child in a pool of blood? What about his body? I don't want to think about it cold, sitting in a coroners office or funeral home. I just can't believe it. He was fine. He had a future. He was loved. It wasn't supposed to be him. We are devastated.

