I have to kill myself today and I can't calm down. I'm so scared.I don't know if I'm making any sense, or if i'm saying the wrong things, or posting in the wrong place. Big tw for csa/rape in what I'm writing. Oh my god I'm sorry 

I've written a paragraph to everyone I want to. I wrote an even bigger, all-encompassing paragraph for people I didn't include, and to explain myself. This process has taken weeks. 

I have my method right here infront of me. I'm waiting for my boyfriend to go to work and then I'm supposed to do it. I'm really scared.
I'm mostly scared of the fact that, from what people told me of near-death experiences, it's all good and fine until you fully realize you're dying and you panic. I'm just trying to stop panicking.

I've been in a constant state of hyper-vigilance for so long. There was a school shooting here and it honestly ruined my life. I was already kind of traumatized and it's awkward to talk about but like, it really really took a toll on me. I think every noise is gunfire or screaming. I literally can't sleep because of the intrusive thoughts going through my head 24/7. I have to make sure the doors are locked like 25 times before I go to sleep. I have to keep my dog in my room with me because I think the door is going to pop open and he's going to get away and get hit by a car (he runs) I have literally no means of getting mental help because I'm not able to leave the house. I can't pay for it because it's not covered by anything,  but my mum has blamed it on some conspiracy theorist bullshit and won't help me. 

I've been dissociating since I was around 5. I'm like 97% sure I have DID, but I haven't been diagnosed because I haven't seen anyone since I was little and I didn't understand what i was in therapy for. (I was being molested up until I was about eight by a family friend) I just talked about my parents and stuff and my therapist hated me because she thought there wasn't anything wrong with me or something. After i was molested I went to a different school and my gym teacher started to rape me. This is so terrible I can't believe I'm even writing this. I've never told anyone because i've had no one to tell. I miscarried when I was 11 and flushed it. I used to have delusions that I actually gave birth to my child and gave her away.  I got into an abusive relationship with a girl who convinced me if i was really suicidal I'd just kill myself and I overdosed and woke up in my own vomit when i was 13. My parents never knew. I was stalked for a long time and it made me paranoid, and then the shooting happened and I don't think I can recover. I have meltdowns multiple times a week, but no one helps me, they just treat me like a time bomb. My friends started to ignore me a few weeks ago and I don't know why they're doing it. They're the only people I have to talk to and I don't know what they're saying about me but they've been posting passive aggressively on other social media and I haven't even been doing anything to fuel the fire. I finished writing everything a few hours ago and I've been sitting here panicking ever since. I don't know what to do. I can't tell anyone I know because they'll call 911 and I'll get locked up and that's even worse than dying. I don't know what to do. I don't even know if i should post this here. I'm really sorry.