I'm choking and I can't see myself lasting.I don't really want to die. But I don't want to live either. To me it's just which has more pros and cons. Or maybe i'm just too much of a coward to go through with it.

I want to feel like someone cares about me.
I already know that there are people that do. My family, my friends, even my exs. I'm on decent or good terms on almost everyone i know, and I know i could reach out to any of them and they would help me. But no matter how much they try, I just can't feel it. So I've decided to stop reaching out, because it's draining for them to help and I mentally can't appreciate it.

I fucked up recently, where for legal reasons, "I faked me slow hanging myself" to my only real support right now and she called the cops on me. I got mad and said some hurtful and triggering stuff to her so now she's not talking to me. It's probably the best for her as well since she's not stable either. Plus I should be easily replacable to her. But she was the only one i felt like could understand.

 When any of my friends hear about it, they say that they would be sad that I'm gone. It's not that I don't believe them, but I don't really see the problem. Sure they'll be sad for awhile, but soon enough life will go on for them as normal. To me, most of us are not even worth a speck on the world, history, anything.

I love and care about the people around me. Albeit too much at times, but i really do. I've been living for others, so much so I don't really remember living for myself. I don't see value in myself. I've always been told i have so much potential and could do so much if i just TRIED. But I'm too tired to try, so I've just been going through the motions for a long time now. 

I've had my fair share of relationships, was just naturally flirtatious, not good looking or anything. Got cheated on and i cheated as well, many toxic relationships. But there were some golden and beautiful ones as well. I used them as my distraction, with a high sex drive, physicality was my escape. The only true times i felt safe is when i was cuddling naked with someone, no barriers between us. Then i got "molested" at a party and physicality doesn't work as well if at all anymore.

The longer i write this the more I'm not sure why I'm even doing so, sharing a part of my life with a bunch of strangers over the internet. I've been having this choking feeling in my throat for awhile now, and it only ever goes away when i actually have something around my neck. The rope feels comforting. Whenever I see a open window, I get a slight urge. My distractions like games and girls don't work anymore and my life generates more stress than i think i can handle. Who knows how much longer I'm going to last.

I want to feel cared about. But I can't feel anything. I can't appreciate what I have till it's gone. 

Maybe a part of me wants to live, but I've been getting more and more ready to die.