Today on I feel like shit and I’m recalling...Back in January, I called my mom crying telling her I crashed the car because it was raining and I lost control of the wheel. 
I was on my way to pick up a friend to hangout and I had gone to chipotle to get him some food he wanted. I remember my manager was there covering cash’s break and he told me to drive safe considering it was pouring outside. I remember getting my friend his order: a chicken quesadilla and a grapefruit izze. I remember saying bye to my manager and walking out, getting in the car, and sitting there for a minute thinking about what I wanted to do.

I drove a different route to my friend’s house that day. I could’ve gone the same route I knew by heart, but figured it’d be a waste of gas, not that it mattered, plus the gps predicted I’d be at my destination faster.

It was raining and it was so gloomy outside. For me, a not so perfect combination when met with my “moods”.

The gps shows bodies of water. As I approached the curve, I remember playing it out in my head. I saw what I wanted to do and how I would fall a hundred and some feet below into water. 

And I did it. I intentionally endangered my life and swerved, at least making sure no one was close to me.  I knew no one was behind me. It was fortunate that the road was mostly empty save for a car two lanes over on my right and another ahead of me. 
I remember not bothering to grab a hold of the wheel when it happened, I nudged it a little and closed my eyes when the car struck the rail thing. And when I opened them, instead of feeling relief, I cried because the railing stopped the car. Because I wasn’t falling onto however shallow the water was and most especially because it all hit me at once. I wanted to die, and when I did it and still lived, I cried because I thought about it all. Did I really just do that? Did I really want to die so badly? Why, if I was going at 60, did I still not manage to tear through the rail and come out without a scratch to myself? 
I remember the young white guy and the girl with him pulling up behind me and getting out of their car to make sure I was fine. I asked them if they were okay instead, wanting to know if I had accidentally hit them or something. Not caring about myself because I didn’t feel the need to. I remember the older Hispanic man driving a large Tundra or whatever and coming over to me, telling me that if I was okay, to drive away before I called any attention to police, telling me I didn’t want that. And I did. 
I drove away and had my mom and dad on speaker, telling them what happened, a lie— telling them the road was slippery and I was at a curve. They were more worried about the car, asking me for any damages, to park at a nearby gas station or that if I was near my friend’s house, to take pictures and send it to them. And I felt even worse. To think they would only ask once if I was okay and proceed to ask more about the car than me... it hurt. 
But why would it hurt if I had just tried to end my life? Why bother hurting at all? I remember arriving at my friends house and as usual, he was taking long when I told him l'd arrive within half an hour or so. I remember it was still raining and I was parked outside his house taking pictures of the car. I remember feeling empty, so empty. I remember him coming out and asking me what I was doing and I remember telling him another lie: that some car ahead of me was swerving and I got caught in their way, that they drove off before anything could be said. I remember still picking him up, driving to meet up with our other friends and pretending to be fine as we laughed and went to karaoke. I Remember that being my first attempt this year, fifth attempt over all. My second attempt would be in April, but I'm not ready to talk about that one yet. I still feel it.