WubalubadubdubHey ya’ll, 
Reading everyone’s thoughts has been a source of comfort to me when I grow tired of thinking about my own situation, so I wanted to add my story to the mix to hopefully be similarly helpful to someone wanting a distraction from their pain.  

I’ve been depressed for about 5 years, 28 now, triggered by the anxiety of finishing up college which leads to me getting overwhelmed and shutting down in to catatonic procrastination. The long periods of stress this has caused has eaten away at me, and the philosophy I’ve built up to cope with depressing thoughts over the years leaves me unable to self-motivate or interact with other people, it all feels so hollow, and there’s nothing on the other end to look forward to. Even brief moments of enjoyment immediately return to depressive state when the stimulus is over.  Most the time I just can't fathom making the effort for that result, so i stay inside. I do like to take walks to cry though. I can't handle the anxiety produced by making a living, and I can't handle the sadness produced by making a life. The only thing I look forward to is when it's late enough in the day that I can take a sleeping pill and be unconscious. I'm just waiting for time to pass, with no activities or hopes that make it worth it. 40 more years of this? Fuuuuuuuuck that. 

I’ve thought about suicide every day for years now, and I’m finally ready, it’s no longer an intrusion, it’s my dream. There’s nothing else I want from this life, nothing I’m capable of enjoying or being motivated to do, and the history of depression on both sides of my family tells me I’ll be dealing with this for years to come. I’m tired, I’m ready to rest. I held on for a few more years (meds kept me going) trying to spare my family the grief of losing me, but the tipping point has past where I have to take care of myself before them, I can’t keep suffering for their account.  

A couple of months ago I decided I’ve had enough. I put in notice at my job, and have recently finished writing a how to guide so the next person won’t be loss when they replace me. I broke up with my girlfriend and made final visits to my family and friends after telling them I’m going on a solo travel trip around the country so they could start getting used to me being gone. [Redacted discussion of methods of three recently failed attempts] ...I'm learning, and once I get it right then I can be at peace without worrying about my survival instinct getting in the way. I know suicide is selfish, and I'm glad to finally love myself enough to be selfish, and spare myself the struggle of the rest of my life.  

That's my story. Life is an absurd endeavor, love saves us from it. Love everything you can. I'm all out of love to give, but I'm glad I gave it while I had a chance. 
