Fuck it all. I DO deserve to be alive and you do too. I still want to kill myself though.This may be hypocritical, since I just made a bunch of comments about seeking help and whatnot, but I've been suicidal for a long, long time. I'm mostly able to deal with it, but things are going to get tough in the next couple of days.

Before I get into that, the title of this post is referring to all the comments I've seen from people thinking they don't deserve to be alive for one reason or another. The following rant is not directed at any particular poster here, but: fuck that. No one has to earn the right to be alive. That's the most basic human right of all of them. You get it by being born and you don't lose it by angering people, or by being getting bad grades in school, or by getting treated like shit by other people, or by accidentally taking a shit on a bus, or any combination of the above. The resources that are being "wasted" keeping you alive are insignificant; suicide is not an environmentalist act nor is it going to help anyone around you. You know this. I know this. Why do I keep trying to die?

Truth is, I want to live. I don't want to commit suicide. I obviously don't want to be depressed. I'm also stuck trying to finish a project for work/school (as a grad student, it's all the same) that I started years ago and haven't made any progress at all on in over a year since the _last_ time I called a suicide hotline. I'd love to just quit, consequences be damned, but I can't bring myself to do it. I've literally told my supervisor that I wanted to quit (a year ago) but here I am, still in the same position. I feel it's almost impossible to fail out, but I can't finish either. The "simple" answer would be to just do the work, but I can't. I just can't. I feel like I can, but if I could I would probably have done it by now on one of the many nights when I genuinely felt like my life depended on it. I have a deadline coming up in a couple days. That's not unusual, I've missed more deadlines than it should even be possible to _have_. I'm not sure if I can go through it again though.

I still don't intend to commit suicide. Problem is, I don't really need to intend to do it at this point, since I've picked up enough self-harm habits that I'm worried I may not be able to stop myself from accidentally killing myself. This is _ridiculous_ but it is what it is. It would make sense for me to put myself on a real suicide watch of some sort instead of this subreddit, but I don't really have time for that. In fact, I should really get back to work.

Thanks for listening, whoever you are that's reading this, even if you just skipped down to the bottom.

And I can't pass a goddamn captcha.