I wrote a suicide note, and I want you guys to hear it.

For everyone:

What a fucking year.  

This year has pushed me past my breaking point many times. But let it be known that this has been a long time coming.  

If you are reading this, I've become a past tense. I know that this is going to hurt people, but I've been hurting for years, and I couldn't see it ever getting better.  

Living that way is terrible. Living like the uphill's are mountains, and the downhills, cliffs.  

My whole life I've found comfort in Chaos. I have never found comfort in being safe, in being secure. When things are calm, I can’t help but be on edge. I was in a constant state of waiting for the next bad thing to happen instead of enjoying the good parts.  

And yes, there was so much good.  


This wasn’t an easy choice, but it’s the one I've decided I'll act on. To all the people this will hurt: thank you. Thank you for trying, even if I didn’t see it, or it didn’t work. Thank you.  

I will miss things, if you can still miss things after your gone. I'll miss nights by the fire with my family and doing stupid things with my friends.  

But I won't miss the pain. Waking up every day not wanting to move. Having flash backs of failed suicide attempts or sexual assault pasts. Pushing people away, because I feared letting people in. Having to harm myself just to feel. Having this sinking emptiness inside of me. That I will not miss.  

Please, don’t let this put your life on hold. Continue to do everything you love. I hope you can pick up all the happiness I had in my life, and you can use it in a way I never could.  

Take care of yourself. Make me proud.  

In my final moments, I ask the following:

· Tell my internet friends, without them this would have happened a long time ago.  

· Give my instruments too people who will play them, keep the music alive.  

· Move on. Please. I'm gone, but remember when I was here, use that to help you grow.  

Please respect my wishes.  

I'm sorry.  