I keep messing up at life. I suck.So long story short it turns out that I'm a gigantic fuckup. Here's the story. 

I thought I was smart once. I studied hard in high school, went to an Ivy League (who fucking cares), and applied to/was accepted to a really good medical school with a scholarship. I really enjoyed it at first, but then I started to realize that I'm probably just not cut out for it. I thought it would be about problem solving, but it turns out it's about memorizing a million facts in very little time. There is problem-solving, but you have to memorize a shit ton first. 

So I made it through my pre-clinical years (that's the text learning years before you see patients) as an exactly average student. I'm now in the "clerkship" year where we start seeing real patients and rotate through different fields. 

On the one hand I really love seeing patients and I feel like I am helping people sometimes. On the other hand, my stupid fucking brain won't absorb facts fast enough and I just feel dumb. It's like everyone else is years ahead of me, and I don't know how it got like this. The worst part is that I'm WORKING HARD. Like I'm studying a lot, and really trying to not be a dumb dipshit. But I still am. 

So I'm in my primary care (family medicine-ish) rotation now. I loved it until yesterday. We had an exam with standardized patients (these are actors pretending to be patients) and the first two stations went really well - the patients did not even have any constructive feedback when I asked how I could do better. Then I had two stations that I just completely fucked up. It was the same standardized patient twice and she basically just told me that I'm a piece of shit with no empathy. New one for me. I was so frazzled from the bad encounter that when I had to write my notes afterwards and do some test questions, I just couldn't concentrate. So there you go - fucked up this test grade, and therefore fucked up this rotation grade. And I wouldn't care if it was surgery or something that I don't want to go into, but this was primary care and I actually wanted to be good at that. I guess I not only am stupid, but I also lack empathy. Great. 

So now I'm at a crossroads and really feeling like I'm probably not cut out to be a doctor after all. I spent two years of my life in school, and four years preparing for med school, and here I am. I could quit and admit to everyone that I'm a failure, and then spend years paying back debt and dealing with shame. OR HERE'S ANOTHER OPTION so that I don't have to deal with my own bruised ego: I can just fucking quit trying and take my life. My brother committed suicide when I was younger. I would feel bad putting my parents through that again. That's the main thing really keeping me from doing it. I just don't want to cause pain onto all these other people. But it would be so much easier for me if I just didn't have to deal with any of this anymore. 

I have given no inclination to anyone that I'm feeling this way. I don't even know who I would tell without feeling even more shame. I act happy and alright on the outside. But this is what I'm facing on the inside. And I've thought about this at many different times in the past. It's time that I put some serious thought into an escape plan. I'm sick of being a failure.