Hi.  I think I may be crazy.I am not trolling and this is a true story.  I have insomnia and sometimes I stay up all night. Wednesday and Thursday were 2 of those nights.  Reddit does not help!  Arrgh, 700 links and then randoms  (humor).

So Thursday went by fine until 3 pm.  I got an email from John Byner.  He is a semi famous old comedian.  It said blah, blah, blah. Not important.  But he was responding to an email I had sent him at 5'30 that morning.  I didn't send him an email but I checked my outbox and there it was.  I was awake at the time of the email stamp on my sent message.

Not only had I not thought about John Byner in a very long time, my email apparently said the exact opposite of how I feel and what I know.  I asked a question that I knew the answer to and was very easily googled.

But at least he replied professionally.  I checked Twitter and 2 other people said they were thinking about John Byner and his show Bizarre at [about the same time. eg.](http://twitter.com/#!/1053koolfm/status/43651346624282624).  

I have been severely clinically depressed for along time and this makes me think I am going over the edge.

I cant start at the beginning because it will be too long.  Now I am a stereotypical unemployed loser now essentially  living in my mother's basement with health problems.

But, and here is the twist, "I used to be somebody" and now everything is gone and there is no way I can get it back. Big mistake. I have made 100s of gs a year, but its all gone.  I gave up all of my material goods after the recession kicked in.  A lot.  Mercedes. $35,000 dining room set. Real estate.  etc.  Everything to charity.  I knew I could make it back.  I have three degrees and tons of experience.  I thought I would be able to put myself out in the midst of a great recession and make it without relying on anyone I knew.  But no one cares.  I have lived as an indigent for 2 years and now I am unemployable.  And I have no start-up capital.  I have not been laid in 2 years.

No one to blame for this colossal failure but myself.
