I think I failed at lifeHi.

By a lot of objective measures I have it pretty good.  I'm 28, great job, good pay, I live abroad in a country that's always up at the top of those quality of life lists.

But my life feels like a living hell and I'm not sure what to do.  I'm gay, which is something I came to terms with earlier this year.  My family are Christian fundamentalists though, and telling them would probably put me down one family.  Not that it's been an issue; haven't ever dated and I'm not likely to: I'm butt-ugly and have zero social skills.  And I'm an atheist, which would probably go over even worse with the family than the gay thing.  I have maybe 3 friends, only one of which even lives on the same continent.  I don't feel like I can talk honestly with them about how I feel though; they have happy busy lives and I don't want to bring them down or be that guy they feel like they have to hang out with out of pity.

Somehow I've managed up to this point, but this year things have just fallen apart.  I used to have hobbies, things I enjoyed or that at least kept me occupied.  But nothing is fun anymore.  Everything seems hollow when there's no one to share it with.  The other day I sat down and dredged up enough physics to work out if a jump out my office window would be fatal.  Scared the hell out of me.  Enough to try talking to a friend, but I don't think he took me seriously and just told me I would feel better if I exercised more.

I'm on a trip right now, and I can hear people outside laughing and having a great time.  Wish I knew how to do that.  I'm sitting in a hotel room, skipped dinner because I couldn't deal with the thought of other people thinking I'm a loser for eating alone.  Twisted, right?

Thought about trying to get some professional help, but not sure where to start in my host country. Half-afraid they'd just laugh at me and tell me I don't have it that bad and I should be able to deal. And I should.  But I can't.

Don't really want to die, I don't think, but life doesn't seem real worthwhile right now and I don't see how it gets better from here.

Probably this is all incoherent.  Sorry.  Not sure what I expect from posting this, if it's just a pathetic plea for attention, or catharsis or what.