Do you ever feel that if you ended your life right now, it would not make a difference to anybody?I (18M) made a throwaway account as my main account had my name and some friends following it. 

I was in depression since months and I told no one. A couple of weeks ago, I came out to my friends via a Instagram post and told my parents directly. It made me feel good and I felt like I was improving. 
But I have relapsed and fallen back into the depths again. 

Almost all of my 'friends' are nothing more than people whose name I know, there's no actual substance in that 'friendship'. I've been single all my life, but that did not use to bother me until now, because I now feel that if I wasn't single, there'd have been someone to care about me. I cry everyday because I have no one. I felt suicidal and am thinking about going ahead because it won't affect anyone. No one I know is close to me to be affected by my passing. No one cares. I have never felt so lonely and miserable. 
I am starved of positivity, everything around me seems to go wrong.

Coming to my parents, they did a lot for me when I was a kid, but now, they have just let me go. Daily I'm reminded about what a failure I am and how I have achieved nothing (I dropped out of Law school for a year and currently I am at home). My mother is herself a high achiever (National level swimming and Table Tennis champion in her age group, first neuroanesthetist in the state and such) and she constantly compares me to her. I've actually achieved nothing in my life so I always get put down by her. 
My dad isn't as accomplished as her, but he's a successful neurosurgeon who's very money minded and constantly keeps reminding me about how much money of his I have wasted, among others.

To sum it up, I have practically no real friends with whom I can have a heart to heart chat about what's bothering me. I have no one to care and love me. My parents essentially think and remind me that I'm a disappointment. This makes me believe that if i kill myself, no one would be bothered. But I'm so fucking used to failing, I've failed to find the courage for this too.


English isn't my first language, so please pardon errors.