Why would anyone want to live this lifeI'm so fucking poor, working a full time job that I can't stand. I get 4 fucking hours to myself before I have to go to sleep and start the shit show again. I don't understand how anyone can just accept 8 hour or more days as part of life. I sure as hell can't, even if that means I have to die to get out of the system. Before anyone says I need to choose an alternative life and travel or join a commune, I should say that I fucking hate that shit. I hate nature and peace and hippie shit, so money is very important to me. It's the only thing I really care about, money and power. Two things I know are fantasies to me because of where I come from, my overall patheticness and social anxiety. 
    I went through hell just to get a pathetic dishwashing job after 7 months of unemployment. I have a face that no one can take seriously, so getting even a fast food job is somehow a challenge for me. So, it's full time and above minimum wage, yet only getting paid ≈700 a month. Not even enough to rent a room to get away from my psycho parents. I'll never be able to afford a car or any other basic life need. 
   I'm degraded at work, constantly being looked down upon and given all the dirty work that nobody wants. It's hard work, a constant adrenaline rush to just survive the day, all for fucking 11.50 an hour. 
   Maybe if I had something to come home to, it wouldn't be so bad to accept working all day or working at all. But I don't have a single thing to look forward to. I'm nobody and nobody likes me. It's getting embarrassing to live at my age never having dated or even been given the opportunity to. It really proves that there is something very wrong with me. It's embarrassing that I don't have friends to hang out or drink with. It's embarrassing that I live with my parents and I'm broke, can't drive, and literally just stay at home trying to distract myself from the immense pain inside. 
So why not death? Nothing can change from here. I cannot change the world, nor can I find a niche in it. That's not how today's society works for young people at least. I have the option of years in school&gt;career/in debt or just trying to find whatever job will take me for the rest of my life. And it's nice knowing I can never buy a house the way my father did when he was my age. Probably won't be able to ever retire either. Guess I'll just go fuck myself. 
    