Anyone else physically incapable of crying? Does anyone know why this happens and how to fix it?Like the title says, I'm physically not capable of crying. It's not like I have any sort of condition that makes it physiologically impossible. It's just that I can't do it. The last time I cried was several years ago, and I wish I could do it again. I imagine it would be so cathartic, but no matter how terrible things get for me, it just doesn't fucking happen. Sometimes I torment myself to see if I can get it to happen. It would be such a fucking relief. Even when I'm wallowing in my anger and despair, not a single tear does it bring. No matter how overwhelmed, how disappointed, upset, or angry I feel, even when I'm so emotional that I can't focus, nothing fucking happens. I hate my life. I hate myself. I hate everything.

I'm such a misanthrope. I wish I could just die so I won't have to wake up and deal with the same dumb-asses I do everyday. When I hear the sound of the human voice, it's like nails on a chalkboard. Maybe it's egotistical or sanctimonious for me to be such a hateful bastard. But whatever. Sue me. My whole life everyone has only ever laughed at my pain and laughed at me just because they don't understand and think I'm weird, so I have every goddamn right to be a misanthrope. I'm nice to most people, but I feel no obligation to be. After giving all my sympathy and receiving virtually none in return, I find it hard to care anymore. My bitch mother should have gotten that abortion. But unfortunately here I am, so fuck everything. Not caring anymore is great. People here say they don't want to kill themselves because they're afraid of hurting people who love them. I'm sorta the opposite. I think of the people in my life and it makes me want to kill myself even more just to spite them. That'll be their punishment for their laughter and arrogant indifference. They deserve the pain of grieving my stupid ass. Fuck them. Finally, I'd get some goddamn peace and quiet from humans. I'd be liberated from the body I hate so much because of them. I can count on one hand the number of people in my life I care about at all. Oh, and my dog too. Love that little shithead. I still wish I could cry my eyes out and get all of the hurting out of me, and I can't talk to anyone about the things that are bothering me because no one gets it and it's ruining my life. I'm so close to just throwing it away and no one cares. If I told them what's bothering me they just laugh or say that something's wrong with me. Nothing's wrong with me. It's the world that's shit. Fuck the world. Fuck everything.