Suicide. I just need someone to listen. If anyone cares.Does anyone else have such a strong intuition- that it almost makes you think you are psychic??? 
I know I sound crazy but truth be told I AM fucking crazy so what the fuck ever right? 
Ever since I was little. About 9-10yrs old, I have suffered from depression/anxiety, self harm, suicidal thoughts. From that very young age, I have ALWAYS known that I am going to die by suicide. I’ve known it then, and I know it now at 24 years old. I will end up taking my own life one day and it’s inevitable.

I won’t keep any of you here *too* long. I literally just made a reddit account so I can vent to people who have no idea who I am. So I guess I will start from the beginning.

My life was a shit show from the start. My dad groomed my mom when he was in his mid twenties. She was 14. I was an oopsie baby. My dad was on pills and my mom was (and still is) a drunk and lived at the bars.  My grandma basically raised me. Obviously had your normal broken home bullshit through out life. My dad left when I was in 8th grade. I started cutting myself, was in and out of shadow mountain/behavioral centers, in and out of therapy, on &amp; off meds. The self mutilation went on till I was about 19. I am 24 and self destruct in different ways now. I met my abuser at 16 and went through extreme abuse for 4 1/2 years. I got completely away at 21 and had to strip for a living because I had nothing to give my son not I other than the trash bags of clothes he let us take. Fast forward to Now- 2020: still stripping, I have a beautiful family, the most perfect and gentle partner. Besides the usual stress, kids &amp; bills... I have a GREAT fucking life. Almost perfect actually. Yet I still want to die. 

I am used to this though. Over the years I usually did an okay job of holding off on suicide. I know how mental illness works, I know it is all in my head and it’s just my brain bullying me. I DO have nothing to be “sad” about. I KNOW it’s a chemical imbalance. 
But now that I’m older it’s... different. I’m tired of fighting it. I don’t have the “want” to keep fighting to stay alive. The only reason I have made it this long after my abusive relationship is the son I got out of it. I literally continue living for my children. I am LIVING for other people and it’s exhausting.. I am a walking paradox. I don’t want to die- I want to raise my babies. I want to travel and see the world. But then again I want to put a bullet in my head right now and end the years of pain and agony I have lived. I no longer have the zest for life. I have no hobbies outside of being a mother. Of course I have activities I do to temporarily dull the pain and lessen the thoughts, but I have lost the ability to be truly happy. I’ve lost the ability to connect with people. I have lost the ability to have compassion or empathy. I am just numb. I feel hopeless. 

I feel (and this is my strong intuition speaking.) 

I feel like I am CLOSE. I am close to death. I have visions of me hanging myself. Not ONE day goes by that I don’t think of several ways and places to kill myself. I woke up at 6:30 AM this morning wanting to die like WHAT THE FUCK how can I be so fucking sad from just opening my FUCKING eyes. 
I cry over these thoughts I am having. I cry randomly through out the day. Multiple times a day. I feel like I am crying because I am subconsciously preparing for the day that I kill myself. I guess I feel like I am mourning my own death in a way. I’m not even scared to die, to be honest. It’s just what comes after. I don’t have a good solid relationship with god or whatever you wanna call it. I have prayed, I’ve begged, pleaded. Screamed and no answer. But wherever I go I guess I will have a friend or family member waiting for me on the other side. My biggest fear is that the pain won’t stop. Will I Rest In Peace? Will I go on for eternity with regret? I have thought about my children and honestly they are in good hands. They are all under 5 so if I do it now they can get over it and it won’t affect them as bad. They can cope with it and get over it and forget about me. 

I don’t really know why I typed this long ass novel that no one is going to read. I just hate myself, and my head, I want out. I guess I just needed to get this off my chest. 

If you made it this far, Thanks for reading my bullshit sob story.