I feel boredomMy life just seems really boring. I wake up every day to the same shit everyday and it just seems like my life is in an endless loop of some sort. I'm going to join something activities in things that I enjoy. I'm not suicidal but I feel my life is pretty much dead at the moment. I know that deep down I can overcome this, I am young , healthy and quite attractive (well I think so) haha but I just feel empty. I feel like life has become dull. My accomplishments in life are litterally meaningless to me because I know one day I will die...but then that don't mean I gotta stop living does it? I don't know but it's hard to find people who understand me in real life , always feel I can't express my emotions to them and I don't really want to because this is my own internal battle and they can't help me with that tbh. 

I have alot of friends but I know I'm a little different in my thinking to them. They seem very distracted in there own world chassing after women and drinking,  doing drugs - the normal stuff you do when you young but I'm more deeper of a thinker than them. I'm too wise for my age and I just feel wierded out sometimes. 

My family environment is stressful. My parents are all ill and suffering from depression and it's pretty miserable and dead here. I try occupy myself playing games , making some music or videos about how I feel but I just feel empty and sad as I want to go somewhere where there is more life. I go out and see my friends but it's always the same thing and I just feel the life style is unhealthy for me. I'm not a big drinker,  I've quit smoking,  only thing I would like is a girlfriend and in a small city like this it's difficult to find one. I feel like Im being boring and not living my life to the fullest but I don't want to be rough on myself , get into physical problems and let go of myself as it's always backfired on me in the past. I have tried but I just end up in an unhealthy way. 

So I don't really know. I just want to live my life in an happy healthy and exciting way. I want things to change but it's a long dark road I gotta go down to attain that. The futher I go the more the road seem to get futher away it seems. I make improvements and stuff but it's just such a hassle to get what I need and It just seems kind of impossible at times. 

