Life is crashing down all around meI'm having a shitty year. I've been on disability for six months diagnosed with a neurological sleep disorder called hypersomnia. It's like narcolepsy. It's derailed my 10 year career. I also have epilepsy. I'm completely home bound right now with a revoked driver's license. 

I sleep 12-14 hours a day, uncontrollably fall asleep without realizing it, space out for minutes literally skipping fast forward like the movie click(absence seizures), sleep though alarms and my dog barking, and generally I feel very sleep deprived. Despite all of this I've never experienced depression yet. My doctors even remark how amazed they are that I'm remaining upbeat.

I'm incredibly codependent on my boyfriend. He doesn't work (wasn't working before my disability) so I'm the sole financial provider. He does all the stuff i'm unable to do - does my laundry, does some of the chores, and 100% takes care of our dog - a 9 month old puppy. 

Today he hit our dog for the third time that I know of. Not just a slap or a spanking. No. My boyfriend curled his fist and socked our puppy right in the jaw.  Boyfriend claimed the puppy bit him and it was a reaction. I didn't see the puppy bite him but full stop it's NOT ACCEPTABLE to ever hit a dog no matter what it does to you. It's a fucking puppy. It's mouthy. 

I'm extremely afraid. I made a stand today saying he needs to go to therapy or we're breaking up. After a couple of hours he broke down crying and chose therapy and said his dad would hit their dogs like my BF did growing up. We fought again later and now I feel he's not being sincere and just telling me what I want to hear. I'm torn - I really want to believe my boyfriend and want him to get better. 

I'm afraid to break up with him. I can't take care of my dog by myself. My boyfriend has never physically harmed me. (It's possible he's emotionally abusing me though.) I feel so trapped. 

Tonight is the first time I've ever experienced suicidal thoughts. Tonight is the first time I've ever felt depression. I'm scared. I won't go though with it as I can't leave my baby - my puppy - with my abuser. I just can't get these thoughts out of my head. I feel trapped like it's the only way out. :( :(

I also feel scared to seek professional help. My only financial lifeline, my disability insurance, only provides 2 years of benefits for mental disorders like depression. I feel scared my doctors will blame my neurological disorder on depression or the insurance company will and try to get out of paying me. I feel terrified of losing any of my benefits. :(