My housemate tried to commit suicide, what do I do?Tonight my housemate came downstairs with her wrists slit, saying she was sorry. There was a lot of blood, but the wounds weren't too seriously deep. She just went through a breakup, a miscarriage, a recent violent confrontation with an abusive ex... The breakup happened a few hours ago.

This is the second time this has happened in the past 2 months. Last time we took her to safeplace, a counselling service (Texas) and also signed up for counselling ourselves (me and my SO). 
She won't sleep in our room or let us put a sleeping bag on the floor in her room tonight, but made serious eye contact promising us she would be with us tomorrow morning. I called the suicide hotline, the woman was rude, and unhelpful, and only gave me the number to the local sheriffs office. She is in bed now, and I don't think it would be helpful for her to be dragged out of bed by the police. I'm seriously worried about calling 911, because she is uninsured, already has medical bills from before, and I don't want to send her to someone who will do more harm than good, or just end up watching her for the night for $10,000. I got the razor from her, and I told her that I'd be checking on her periodically throughout the night. I already set alarms for every hour to do so.

Her only parent lives in a foreign impoverished country and is a negligent alcoholic. She doesn't have family here for us to turn to. The friends of hers we have met are enablers to her alcoholism/drug abuse even if they mean well... So I might be one of the only people she has to help her.

Am I making the right choices? Anyone have any advice? I'm feeling overwhelmed and uncertain and really trying to make sure that I don't end up putting her in a worse situation than she already is. She has expressed being worried that she'd get locked up in a psych ward.. 

Update: 1:30AM shes locked her door, but I can hear her snoring, so I am thinking that as long as she's breathing I can let her sleep through the night.