I Can't Quit Society, So I'll Quit LifeI remember absolutely losing my shit on the way home from work, screaming "there's no way out!", hysterically, blinded by tears as my mother tried to concentrate on the road in front of her. One week of a relatively easy desk job, correcting standardized test sheets, had put me into this state. My mind going in mile-a-minute circles, looking for any way out of a life of doing... *this*. Exasperated, she told me that I'd have to get used to it, that this was what everyone needed to do in order to live and be independent.

So I told my mother to go fuck herself. 

We still have a good relationship, but I'm not sure she's ever forgiven me for that.

That was six years ago, my first job after finishing high school, then dropping out of college because I'd rather hang out with friends than attend my classes. I've had a few jobs since then, and I've learned to keep the hysterics inside rather than freaking the hell out. But they're still happening. 

Honestly, I was just not designed for this system we've set up for ourselves here on earth. I work only two days a week now, taking orders at a deli, and even managing that is a Herculean effort. I want desperately to start screaming again after about two hours of a six hour shift. If I could run off and disappear into the woods, confident in my ability to survive, I would. Even the small responsibility modern society places upon me is too much to bear. I see no point or gratification in doing something I despise in order to make money so I can survive so I can continue to do something I despise. I guess I'm just lazy. I loathe the idea of contributing to society, but there's no way out of it, except perhaps starving to death. People always tell me I just need to put in some effort, but why should I have to try if I don't want to? Life is just a game I don't want to play.

If I tried to leave civilization , I'd be dead in a week, so death really seems like the only realistic option. My pathological need for instant gratification has led to me being nearly 300 pounds and in poor physical condition, and, despite my hate for society, I want companionship, so I wouldn't do well out in the middle of nowhere. Not that I've really had companionship before. In 24 years of life, I've never held hands with another person, never kissed anyone, never even had a proper date. Not that anyone would want to touch me the way I look now. The tragedy of it is, I'm actually not that bad looking naturally. I just went and ruined it. It's not that I feel like I deserve sex, it's just that I've never had a loving relationship, and I'm too awkward and afraid of other people to seek it out. So why should I be forced to try? Death is easier.

Someone told me once that looks aren't everything. My mind, prone as it is to hyperbole, took that to mean that being physically attracted to someone is wrong. Even now, false as I know that notion to be, I still believe it on an intuitive, gut level. It doesn't help that I'm not naturally attracted to the average "attractive" person. I like fat chicks. And sometimes fat dudes. That was really hard to type, believe it or not. I hate myself for this most days - I read nasty comments about people like me all the time. I can't avoid them - they show up in the most unexpected places. I've (indirectly, admittedly) been called a pervert, a subhuman, and an abuser more times than I care to count. All because I don't like your average conventionally attractive person. It's gotten to the point where I feel like maybe all those people are right. Maybe I am a sicko, maybe I should be neutered. But I can't help this. I didn't ask to be like this. But that's how I'm stuck. If I hate myself, why should I have to endure my own company?

Oh yeah, I'm also a furry. Go ahead and laugh. Now I just want to put a disclaimer here, that furry fandom really isn't exclusively a sex thing. God knows that community already has enough to put up with, without me coming in here and making them all look bad. But, yeah. I'm one of the sex ones. There's really more too it than that, I swear - some of the better clean artwork really speaks to me, silly as it may sound, and I used to paint the genre myself. I really used to have a passion for it. But I wanted to share it with the world, and it would seem wrong to do so, knowing that there is that sexual side to it. I would just be judged as a sad, pathetic misfit and a pervert. I'd end up in cringe compilations on YouTube. I hate that everything I love ends up contaminated by sex. Not that it matters. I wasn't a very good artist anyway.

I've got this other fetish too, but it's really gross and embarrassing, and I'm too ashamed to post it, even under this throwaway account. The end result of all this is what matters here. I feel like an alien, totally disconnected from the rest of the species, painfully ashamed and incapable of real, human love, knowing that if anyone found any of this out, I would be tossed aside as a freak and a pervert. This in itself is enough to make me want to die. 

Even with all this sexual baggage (or perhaps because of it), I am absolutely terrified of sex. It outweighs my fear of death. I know that real relationships are physical as well as emotional, and despite desperately wanting to experience one, I know I could never satisfy another person. If not because of my insane fears, then because my dick is, like, two inches. And besides, who wants to be with someone as pathetic and self-pitying and *abnormal* as I am? It's a catch-22. I'm sad because I'm alone - I'm alone because I'm sad. If I can't experience one of the central parts of humanity with another person, what's the point of remaining a person?

About five years ago, I was diagnosed with autism. Suddenly a lot of things began to make more sense, but it didn't make them any better. I'm still being torn apart by these thoughts - how could a disabled person ever survive on their own? - who in their right mind would want to fuck an autist? Having a name to put to this misery doesn't do a thing. I just barely manage to put on a charade of functionality most days. The use of "autistic" as a catchall insult these days sends a clear message. I am unwanted, a drag on other people, something everyone wishes they could just be rid of.

Inside, I'm a mess, and outside, the world is falling apart. That misshapen homonculus, Donald Trump, won the US election, and already the injustices and outrages that are piling up at his feet have left me completely overwhelmed. Freedom of the press is a thing of the past, the Great Wall of America is going up... He fucking banned Muslims from the US, for god's sake! I am powerless, and the bad guys have won. Soon I won't even be covered under my family's health insurance, so I won't even be able to see a doctor or therapist. Not that it matters. My last one didn't do much good, anyway.

I look at other posts here and feel like I shouldn't be writing this. There are so many people here with real problems, and I'm just too lazy and cowardly to live. I'm sorry about that. I really don't want to take away from those with more legitimate issues than me.

So then - Work of any kind makes me want to die. I lack any kind of social skills due to autism, leaving me mostly alone. I want to be independent, but work is unbearable, so I'll probably live with my parents until they die. And then I'll starve to death on the street. I'm several different kinds of pervert and destined to be a social outcast. I can't bear what's happening in the world around me. I'm pathetic and lonely, autistic and weird - a prime /r/incels candidate (though I'm a bit to self-aware for *that*). I'm basically that basement-dwelling autistic stereotype everyone loves to laugh at. I don't want to participate in this cruel society, but There's. Just. No. Way. Out.

So here I am now, going to an awful job that I hate, wanting desperately to be alone, wanting desperately to be with someone, knowing that I will never be independent, wanting nothing more than to abandon society and its endless, meaningless work, hating sex, hating life, and wanting to die. I'm sorry for being so dramatic. I probably just want attention. But I can't stop thinking about death. A growing part of me just wants all this misery and tedium to stop. I doubt I'll last more than a few months.

I will never be happy in this system so what is the point? I offer nothing to society, I hate myself... and I don't want to change.

I may be slow to respond (or completely fail to), as my social anxiety extends to the internet, plus I'm actually at that awful job right now. Thanks for reading though.