Trans and suicidal(?)Thus far, transitioning from being a guy to being a girl(ish) has been the most harmful and miserable decision of my life. I am over a year in (on-and-off hormones), and I still always see a guy in the mirror. I think it briefly improved a couple of weeks ago to an almost pleasant point, and then something unexpectedly fucked with my hormone levels (it seems). Taking selfies or looking in the mirror makes me want to die. I have no confidence that, since this hormone fuckery started again lately, anyone sees me as anything other than a guy. I have gone through periods where every day I would get called “sir” and it would make me collapse in tears for an hour.

And I fucking hate how I am not allowed to say this. The narrative is supposed to be *Transitioning might have been hard, but I would do it again in a heartbeat*. Fuck that: transition is hell, and if I could go back in time I would beg and plead with my past self not to come out to anyone besides maybe a couple of friends. I wasn’t happy then, but at least I wasn’t constantly hoping for something it looks so often like I am for some reason never allowed to have. At least I felt like I had a future. At least I wasn’t constantly so miserable I couldn’t be more than occasionally minimally productive.

I feel so deceived about all this. Everyone made it sound like such an unambiguously positive thing to transition. But instead it has just turned my life into a complete wreck. I haven’t been able to work, or have friends, or bring myself to go on a date. My (trans) gf wound up dumping me because I became intolerable to be around. My relationship with my mom collapsed after she made it clear what an embarrassment my gender was to her. I had to ask for a leave (starting in a week) from my PhD programme. And nowadays it’s routine for strangers to insult me as I walk by on the street.  I went from being bad to being almost perfectly wretched and miserable.

I am moving soon, and need to get a tutoring job, but I’m so scared I will still look like a guy by the time I get there, and have to either let my client misgender me or come across as some disgusting snowflake asking for my pronouns.

I can’t quite bring myself to kill myself yet. I keep thinking, *Hey, it might get better!* Maybe by my second start-of-transition anniversary I will be confident one way or the other about my prospects to make a decision. But right now I just want to go to bed and not have to wake up.

*(P.S. Please don’t give me advice about how to pass; for complicated reasons, hearing and trying those just makes everything worse.)*