Am I the only one who doesn't think "if," but rather "when"?I've struggled with mental health my whole life.  My parents refused to accept this when I was a kid, attributing it to just being a kid, growing up, or puberty.  I had bad mood swings when I was growing up, and a select few bullies knew this, and would antagonize me at school and on the bus.  When I was 20 I finally saw a doctor who assessed me and stated I had depression / anxiety.  

I am now 28 and have been on sertraline, venlafaxine, venlafaxine XR, trazodone, and celexa.  Nothing has really worked, I have "better" days but still feel like the bad days outweigh them.  I've even had gene site testing to see which depression medication would most likely work best for me.  The only benzo I have ever been prescribed was Xanax, which made me not care about anything for about 5 hours while I was on it, (I would sleep rather than go to class) and then pushed me into a further, deeper, darker depression when I returned to "normal."  After telling my doctor this he refused to prescribe anything benzo-related again.

I am an introvert and was extremely uncomfortable going to a therapist / counselor.  The whole time I was there I felt like the doctor was merely fake listening and caring to get paid.   To be completely honest, I have felt better spending $150 in weed and self reflecting.  

I have since dropped out of college, have no desire to finish, and make less than $1000 every 2 weeks.  I am forced to repay student loans the 15th of every month amounting to $800.  The 1st of every month I am forced to pay $900 in rent.  It has dawned on me that this is life, and this hole is too deep to crawl out of.  After years of seeking help, it is no longer a question of "if", but rather "when and how."  

I have recently been looking into purchasing life insurance that would cover my student debt even in case of suicide (but I must suffer another 2 years before it is valid.)  I would like to end my own life with a single bullet through the temple, symbolically erasing this fucked up mind I have been blessed with.  My dad has a few hunting rifles and shotguns, so getting my hands on a gun is very easy and doable.  I have the feeling that if I still feel like this at age 30, it's going to be inevitable.

I have been obligated to believe that things will get better,  but this has proven to be false.  I am no longer an ignorant kid, I am an adult with an incurable mental illness.  I can't be the only one that feels like this, right?  Or has everyone else that's felt this already extinguished themselves?  


