Can this be consider killing yourself?Two days ago, i came out with my depression to a close friend, I still havent told my other close friend, but he will know when time is right.

I told them how hard it was to handle myself and how my "needy" personality didn't appear out of nowhere for the past 2 months for nothing. I was depressed and coming from being socially adept to socially incapable  is really hard for me to deal with.

I take every conversation now too serious, I can't tell if one is joking or serious. I can't tell if someone is ignoring me or just busy. I abstain from taking medication because I pretend or know I'm strong enough to defend from this.

But these few days are becoming worse and worse. I used to hang out with close friends online when we couldn't meet up, everyone these days who plays video games on PC uses a service called Discord, but its been to my attention that it may have been my "needy" personality that came with my depression that they  started to avoid or ignore me and made another voice chat server and did not invite me. I don't doubt it because it is practically hard to play games these days without communication. Its like jumping into a fight blind.

Is it because of this I'm having more suicidal thoughts? Perhaps, but can I stop myself from doing so? Nope. It's like I'm stuck in a dimension where I only think about my own existence, and the impact of the world without it.

Its hard to stand these thoughts from taking over and destroying me and so far the only happiness felt these past few days is from today when I went to workout for the first time in months and yesterday when I was finally able to play with my group of friends. 

Today, what happened? Its like I'm jumping back into the hole I so desperately try to climb out from and when I finally see the light, the hole closes and down I fall.

How do I stop myself from pretending to be okay when even my closest of friends tells me that I'm annoying because i'm needy? How do I tell them I need their support when even the light I hold onto thinks Im a burden? How do I stop myself from falling down back into the pit when I try ever so hard to get back up?

I guess the answer was always there, I was just too scared to take that step, now that I considered that step, I find it easier and easier to do it.

Do I want to take my life? Maybe, but is it worth it because of such trivial things? I don't know. I find that I can still reason with myself within a wall of text while I'm in this sort of situation to be amusing, yet at the same time sad.

Is it death if I physically thought of doing the action of killing myself? Is it death if I mentally do not want to give up my life?

What is wrong with me, why do i feel so much conflict?