I'm literally hopeless and will end my life in a few daysYes, I fucking am. There is no hope for me. I'm sick rn (not covid tho) and despite that will cut myself anyway.
I've lived in a mental hospital for two years, I have tried all the kind of therapies they specifically have to offer. 
I'm sixteen and we already started trying antidepressants for adults bc I tried the ones that kids are allowed to get already. Nothing worked. I am almost at the highest dose and after that, they can't help me try other ones bc they don't have enough experience. My problems are now "too complex and heavy" for them and they have no other options for me to try therapies again I've already had for years without success. 

I told them over two months ago I wanted to switch completely and go to another place where they have more therapies and meds I can try and where they are completely focused on ppl like me. With chronic, severe and complex problems. Because at the place I'm treated at rn that's just very often not the case, so they really lacked acute and good help the first few months. 
They told me they would talk ab it with my parents and me TWO MONTHS later and I told them everything was getting worse and to be able to go in conversation with them my mental health shouldn't worsen. I asked them for more temporarily more intense help but they never came back to me so i was left with medication appointments and therapy sessions that didn't help.

And as i thought, everything took a turn for the absolute worst. I got worse and worse and i was falling back in all of my bad behaviors and coping mechanisms. I cut deeper than ever before, didn't do anything and started interacting with my anorexia again that had actually been pushed away and not that bad for the past few months.

I had the convo a few days ago. I didn't want anything because i wanted to die more than ever. They said they needed me if i wanted other therapy. I told them i didn't want it anymore and i wanted to die. They suggested i got admitted to the mental hospital again which is basically 70% of my trauma's. I got mad. They know that. Some of staff treaded me very poorly and multiple friends died there, literally doors away from my room. They forced me to go inpatient after that and i begged them to send me to another hospital, if i had to be on a closed ward everything was better than there. But that was too complicated for them.

So yeah, when i got discharged because they couldn't fix me i swore i wouldn't go back, ever.
So they told me if i wanted to be admitted somewhere else i could wait six months. Nice, thanks. Its always so funny they tell me that when i say i want to die and tell them alright fine, i'll fk die than. And actually attempt.
And then somehow they have the courage to say "wow we were unpleasantly surprised and didn't see this coming" LMFAO. and THEN i am suddenly transported as soon as im physically ok to the first closed ward with 24/7 watch. 

Sorry for rhis long rant with bad english. I just am so done. I tried to tell them i was not ok. I tried to ask for help two months ago and again two days ago. The only thing bringing me some peace in my mind are self harm and my cat. And i tried to hold on for my cat because she means everything to me and for everyone that loves me because i know damn well what its like to lose ppl to suicide. But i can't. I can't, i just can't. I can't go to school next year, I can't go on a waiting list of six months and i can't go on this way. My plan takes multiple days unfortunately and it started yesterday so i have to wait, spend my time cuddling with my cat and self harming. 

I doubt wether i should tell my best friend, we have an agreement that if the other will end it we will say goodbye and not inform anyone until after. I don't wanna lay the burden on her shoulders but otherwise -I would've give everything to have had a chance to say go the ppl i lost. I would've kept it a secret if it meant i could be on the phone with them until they passed. I can't bare the idea of them having been so alone. God, that haunts me the most. Knowing they were all alone when they died. I don't know, guess that's gonna be the last harsh decision to make