How do I give support for someone I'm growing to despise?Little background: Few years ago my parents got a divorce and my mom began a (somewhat abusive) relationship with someone. Last year my dad died.

Shortly before my dad's funeral it became evident to my mom that she was being cheated on and the dude was going to leave her. So at our dad's funeral my mom was crying, not because her ex-husband had died but, because her boyfriend had left her (I know that my parents marriage had ended and she didn't need to feel bad about it, but to me it was extremelly disrespectful to me and my siblings --- at the moment nobody knew why she was so sad). Few days later, we were stil mourning our dad's death and the reason for her sadness showed up...

Now because her boyfriend have left her she is treatning to kill herself. Jesus Christ, My 50 years old mother is treatning to kill herself because her 36 years old boyfriend have left her!

She became insuferable, her facebook is filled with disgusting messages, posts and whatnot about how everyone is garbage and life have no meaning; she have turned away any attempt of help from any relative. She treats her 73 yo mother like shit (I believe that in her head my grandma have something to do with her being dump). She spent her new years eve on a psych clinic but isn't taking any medicine because of no apparent reason and I think that she is straight up lying to her doctors.

She is just making the lives of everyone miserable (and for me, because of the most retarded reason possible) and I don't know how to deal with it... before I try to help and just making everything worse: how do I give support if I can't stand her reasons and am in fact disgusted by it and by her actions? What should I do?

---
I am aware that I am the asshole in the situation for not respecting her reasons and being in general pissed at my own mother; don't need to bring that up. Or bring it, I don't know.

If the text seems off it's my fault as my English is not so great as I think.
