My suicide note.I turned 21 just 21 days ago. I have a great job, a handsome dog, a handful of good friends, a family, and plenty of meaningless possessions. There are hundreds among millions of people on this planet who wake up everyday and hope to be blessed with a fraction of what I have. Yet, I am still unhappy. Each day just getting out of bed becomes harder and harder. I am unhappy with who I am and the fact that I am so aware of the precious things I take for granted only makes me more resentful of myself.
I take things too seriously. I create unnecessary anxiety for myself, allowing my brain to make sense of absurd thoughts. My thoughts are destroying me from the inside. Constant negative emotions combined with hopelessness in humanity and human beings in general has forced me to begin contemplating.
If I didn't have a mother and brother, I would have bit the bullet a long time ago. How could I inflict such pain on my loved ones? After losing my father, the unbearable pain only seamed to grow as time went on. I miss him and didn't spend enough time with him when I had the chance. One of the many regrets I have as a young man. I feel doomed, its almost as if I have every possible scenario of every possible situation worked out in my head all ending in my demise.
With every breath I take I hope for someone or something else to end my life for me. That would really be ideal. An "accident" perhaps to put me out of my misery while allowing my friends and family to hold me in the same regards. I am slowly beginning to believe this is truly the only means to an end for some.
The pursuit of happiness is just that, a search for a combination of human interaction, a sense of security, and a mind a peace. At least that's what I get out of it. Most people do not give up on their pursuit at the young age of 21. Mentally, I feel like a 50 year old who has seen more life than he would have liked too. Nearly every thought I have ends with "I'd rather just be dead." Every morning, as soon as I open my eyes, I long for the darkness that once was. This darkness is the only peace in my life.
Happiness has come and gone in short bursts throughout my lifetime. Two-three months at a time of bliss and a content and healthy mind. These short euphoric moments were always due to external factors and I have really never been content with the person that I am. I feel like I have run out of options. I have friends and family to confide in but I don't want to burden them with my problems or be put on suicide watch. I can't afford a therapist and I don't know if I would even want to see one if I could. I don't think any pharmaceutical drugs will do me any good either.
Every now and again I will convince myself that everything is alright and that life is in fact worth living. This lasts for minutes at most until my brain manifests an incredibly dreary future and revives an extremely dark past. I am dead on the inside. Every thought I have is an anxious clusterfuck revolving around the details involving taking my own life. How I will do it? Where I will do it? Where to leave this note? I feel like a broken human.
I know that taking your own life is permanent solution to a temporary problem, but when does it get better? I have come to believe that not every human is cut out for this planet. I am angry at myself for being this way, I'm a young man with his whole life ahead of him and I can't sack up and get it together? I can continue putting on a front, smiling, laughing, telling everyone I'm alright, but that would just mean lying to myself and my peers. 
To my friends, you know who you are. I know you guys are probably pissed at me but I cannot continue this life of false happiness.
Mom, David, I love you both more than anything on the planet. Please understand that I am in too much misery to go on any longer and that this is really for the better. 