I really don't want to live anymore, and I don't think I can...Hey Redditors, I'm probably going to write a mini-novel here but I've got a lot on my plate.  A friend of mine who knows how I feel asked me to post on this subreddit, because he felt you could all give better advice than he could.



I never had a dad, or a brother.  In fact, I'm 99.9% sure that I was artificially-inseminated, and I guess to summarize my childhood, my first day of kindergarten involved me with a black eye that my mom gave me.  It never really got any easier, and not much later both of my older sisters ran away from home.  I realized from the age of 6 that I'd have to get used to being laughed at every day at school.  I never had anyone to play with, and sometimes I just went home at recess and cried for the rest of the day.  Hell, I got so lonely sometimes that I had to pretend that video game characters were my friends...I know, it's pathetic.



Even before I understood what love and sex were, or Hell even before I started school I knew I was uncomfortable around girls.  Fast-forward a decade and surprise surprise, I turned out...sorry, but I can't even say the word.  I'm currently 20 years old, and ever since I was 11 I wanted to feel like a 'normal' person, even though I didn't understand my feelings toward other guys until I was 15.  I was too scared to let anyone know about me, but I know that some of them knew and saw how lonely I was, and tried to help me in their own ways.  As terrified, stupid and naive as I was (and still am) to let them get close, I pushed them away and made it hard for anyone to get to know me.



When I was 16, however, I met someone that changed my life forever, as corny as that may sound.  Let's call him Bob, for anonymity's sake.  I first started talking to him a year prior over an online RPG, and even at one point helped him through an issue that seemed similar to what I'm going through right now.  Unfortunately he lived the next province over, but soon he ended up running away from home.  Eventually he ended up rooming with me for three months, 2,000 kilometers away from home, and when I met him I felt like he was something special.  Not a physical attraction (even though he's the most attractive person I've ever seen), nor a so-called 'love-at-first-sight' scenario, but just...something special.  In his eyes I saw a lot of things I saw in mine when I was sad, and I think what I felt was the feeling of meeting a kindred spirit - somebody that feels so familiar that you can recognize them without having seen them before, but not understand why or how.



As I got to know him a bit better, I learned I was right.  Eventually I started to fall for him...but he's not like me.  However he knows about my sexuality, and honestly I wish he didn't - I wish nobody did, and despite being anonymous on the internet it's hard for me to admit to it even through text!  Sometimes Bob would feel nervous around me, other days he'd even lash out at me, but the hardest thing was that last year he said that he cared about me and that he was 'confused' and wanted to "try some things" with me.  After less than a minute, he took that back and said he'd experimented with someone else, which later turned out to be a lie.



This isn't the first time I've thought about committing suicide, and I doubt that there will ever be a point where I stop contemplating it.  On my birthday last year I tried to kill myself after a drunken Bob basically broke my heart and used it as a trampoline all day, even saying he couldn't look me in the eye for the rest of the day.  It still hurts, and it's started to affect me in weird ways.  No food or drink tastes right anymore, I've developed horrible dreams that re-enact the painful moments described above, and I keep having blood come out of my nose (and a few times there were a couple drops from my ears) right after an agonizing-but-brief pain in the back of my eyes from what I think is from both stress and a lack of sleep.  I seriously think I'm slowly going insane from how I feel about this guy, and I never want to end up snapping and hurting him like he's hurt me.



I want to just be friends with him, to have that first month where he and I were like brothers back, but the hardest thing I've ever experienced is falling in love with someone that is both your best friend and like the big brother you always wanted.  I wanted to move in with him and have a relationship like before, but just today he told me that's not going to happen because of how I feel about him.  That's pretty much the straw that broke the camel's back for me.



Don't get the wrong idea.  I may have painted Bob as a monster, but he's also the most caring person I know.  He knows how much he's hurt me, and I know he's sorry from the kind things he's said to me since those painful times.  I've tried hating him, I've tried ignoring him and moving on to someone else for the past three years, but each and every time my thoughts go back to him, and I never want to make somebody feel like they're a silver medal for me...but considering my appearance I think I'd be the silver medal, not them.  I don't think that's going to happen anyway, because every time I let people know about me they end up breaking my heart, and I can't find people like those that tried to help me when I was in high school no matter how hard I look!



My pain is leading me to develop traits about myself that I don't like and that I can't reverse.  From Bob's girlfriends that I was forced to interact with, my lack of comfort around girls/women has become a seething hatred, especially since they always use and hurt him the way he hurts me.  The word "parasite" comes out of my mouth without me even intending to say it whenever women enter the conversation, and my friends and family tell me that I have a look and speech that is not me.



If I'm going insane, I will kill myself before ever letting Bob or those he loves be at risk just because "The Powers That Be" decided to make me what is apparently an abomination, but even if I don't off myself what I suspect to be aneurysms will probably get me anyway.  Bob and my only other friend (who I'll call Tim, the one that suggested this SubReddit to me) have pleaded that I don't kill myself, and I'm trying as hard as I can to get better.  I even have a job lined up, and I'm trying to do some stuff for me, but it doesn't feel right.  I've never been loved, but I've had feelings for other people and I could get over them...but this is a horse of an entirely different colour.  No matter what I do I always think about Bob, and I just want these feelings to go away!



If I can't be normal, I don't think he'll ever be comfortable around me.  If that's the case, then I may as well be dead. 