A cry for help that hasn't gotten out.Sorry in advance for the wall of text

I'm sick and tired of this muffled pain that I've been going through. Years have been horrifying to me. It started during my 8th grade year. Years before that, I was a happy kid who had many friends and loved life. But during 8th grade, I took a huge drop, not even knowing what happened. I tried to be fair to everyone, but I was losing those who were close to me. Around Christmas Break of 8th grade, I became shut out socially. I was scared; I was experiencing too much in such a short time. That was when i first thought of it: suicide. I even thought that I was ridiculous, but thinking over it was what pulled me closer to that word. What was there worth living for if there was nobody to share it with? How would I even make it without support? I planned on killing myself around the New Year, but it never happened. I was scared of dying, and I didn't even know how I would do it. I continued through my 8th grade year, silently living in pain and suffering. But never would I have thought that it would get worse as high school came.

At first, I thought high school would be my chance for redemption. I could recreate who I was before 8th grade. Well, I was wrong. Terribly wrong. High school was an extremely worse situation compared to my 8th grade year. During the beginning of 9th grade, I had an extremely hard time finding people that could put up with me. I had 3 or 4 friends that I made within the first 9 weeks of school. Notice that I used *had*. That's because word got around quick about how I was the "depressed loner" in all of my home town. I lost the majority of my "friends" because of that. My grades were dropping at the same rate that I was. I felt stupid, and I started believing what was said about me: "loser". "waste of space". "emo". "imperfection". I lived in silence. But the internet was my solace. The only place I could relate to, enjoy, etc. I could meet people that could actually stand me and not judge me. Every day after school, I would come home, shut my door, and spend the rest of the day on my laptop. However, this progressively made me worse. I became more prone to the words of people. I became hurt even quicker. I became extremely awkward, too. There was something I kept hearing about, called *selfharm*. A name that was short and to the point. I thought that I would never resort to it, but I caved in eventually. I started cutting myself around November of 2011. And to this day, I still do. It is my drug. 

I met a girl on Omegle, who I got attached to very quickly. That is one of my problems, I get attached quickly. Things happened too quickly and I ended up neglecting myself, to the point of where I didn't realize what I was doing to her. She ended up killing herself on New Year's Eve of '11. And I felt like shit. Complete shit. I felt like it was all my fault, and I still do. My cutting got worse, and I started to not even care about covering up what I did to myself. I wanted people to know what I had been going through. That was a big mistake, because my parents never knew until 2012. I haven't told them anything that has went on in my life. But my dad hates me for self-harming, and my mom doesn't really care much anymore. When they found out, my parents got me tested and I was diagnosed with major depression, social anxiety, and general anxiety. I was on meds for all of them, but I soon stopped using them. I missed the pain. It sounds absolutely ridiculous, but I did miss suffering constantly. 

To keep things short, let's fast-forward to this year. So far, every day and night of mine had been spent alone. Has been spent cutting myself. It's been over a year since I started. I've gone back to covering them, so I'm not put back on meds. I think of suicide every day. Never have I taken action, but I have always thought of ways to get rid of this filthy soul. I think I have no hope with going on in life. I'm absolutely terrible at telling things, and this is a prime example. It's like I'm unable to feel happy feelings any more. All I feel now is either sadness, anger, or jealousy. I can't even cry anymore. I try so hard to cry, but I can't, no matter what. I feel hopeless and worthless. I'm not made to live. 

/r/SuicideWatch, I am absolutely terrible at telling anything about myself, but I hate to keep it all bottled up inside. I obviously do need help, but I have a hate and a love for suffering and being depressed. I really am fucked up. I want to change but I change my mind all the time. I'm 15 years old, male. You all are probably thinking that I am too young to be thinking about all of this stuff, but it isn't true. Everyone is different. I have a mind that operates differently compared to all of the other people.

I don't mean to sound like i'm seeking attention at all. I just feel that I should let you all know about it. I need help, badly. I just don't think I need it. I'm one fucked up guy. I think about suicide every day. I just haven't done anything yet...I don't feel safe with myself.

Please. Help.