The girl who cried wolfI'm afraid to tell anyone this because I don't think they'll believe me anymore. I've had a lot of bad luck in the last few months. I'm sorry if it's jumbled and confusing. 

It all started with finding my brother overdosed on heroin in the woods. I barely saved him. When I got there he was barely conscious with a needle still in his arm. I got the cops to come and he went to the hospital. I was struggling with that when I found out I have some serious issues with my uterus. I already have PTSD from past trauma so the gyno is very scary for me and the upcoming procedures are going to be terrible.

Then my birthday came. I was not myself and nobody wanted to be around me so I spent it alone. I decided to go to a bar and have some drinks. I got free ones because they noticed it was my birthday. After I was drunk I couldnt figure out how to get home and someone I had been talking to for a few hours offered me a ride. I got in his car and he said I owed him for this ride and put his hand on my thigh. I began to tear up and shake, I was so scared. He forced his hand into my pants and I freaked out. Luckily, i managed to get the door open and run away before he got too good of a grasp on me. I don't even know how i managed to get away. I drunk drove home and called my girlfriend to cry. I didnt want her to come all the way over to deal with me so I dealt with it by myself and wouldnt tell her where I was.

From there I became a mess. I was nothing but an unlovable, broken person. I had so much trauma in the past mixed with the trauma that just happened. It was unbelievable. I wasnt sleeping and I was scared all the time. 

Then the next surprise happened. My girlfriend broke up with me. It came as a surprise and broke me to my core. I had never felt that kind of pain. I was losing everything...my home, the one person I could have a good nights sleep with, the person I could talk to, the girl I loved. I didnt react well and told her I wanted to kill myself. I freaked out and basically became a manipulative and verbally abusive person that night. The next 2 nights I spent time at a bar getting super drunk and being irresponsible because I couldn't even look at the monster I was in the mirror. I felt like I was just as bad as people who have abused me.

Then I decided I should try to move on. I was lonely so i was texting friends from high school and trying to just be around people I was so suicidal and had a plan ready to go and I knew if I spent too much time alone I would really do it. One of my friends invited me his house to smoke weed after work so I decided to go instead of rewriting my suicide letters.

When I got there he wasnt home yet but his roommate told me I could wait for him so i went in and we began to smoke a little. I hadn't eaten in a few days and so the weed was really getting to me in an unusual way. The next is all a blur. I remember him coming over to me and trying to kiss me. I didnt like it so he held me down. He ended up making me give him oral and I choked and cried. 

After he finished I left and I just sat in my car trying to figure my life out. Things happen repeatedly. It's to the point where I'm afraid to tell anyone about this because it seems unbelievable that it would happen again. nobody is going to want to believe me. I think it's a character flaw in me. I'm too stupid and I put myself in these dumb situations. I don't know where to go from here. I can't feel anything. I'm alone and scared and not sure I can hold onto my life anymore.