Everyone has left or is leaving and I don't want to start again.I've had depression my whole life.  Unmedicated, I'm a slug.  Medicated, I'm a functioning robot.  I'm at functioning robot.  Suicide has always been a constant companion, like a long lost friend you hear from every once in a while to remind you they're present if you need them.  

My "friends" have all vanished, unhappy with their own lives and unwilling to share their time.  My roommates (practically family) don't care to talk or interact or do anything.  My girlfriend is so distant we hardly even talk anymore and our schedules let us see each other once or twice a week and she doesn't even seem to care anymore.  She's the only ray of light in an impregnable darkness and I can tell she's heading out.  My job is a physically destructive, mentally dulling, and the only thing I can find that actually lets me pay my fucking bills.  I'm going nowhere, there's nowhere to go and I can't see anything to do.  I know I can't start over.  These are the best friends I've ever had and they're practically gone.  I know this woman is the other half of my soul I've always searched for and she's disappearing.  I can't do it again.  I can't find more friends.  A new job.  A new life.  A new gal.  I hate being poor.  It's all too much work and failure to find some pretend fucking success that'll just melt once I think I'm doing ok finally.  I've never really seriously thought about it since I was a little kid living a fucked up little kid life and now...I really just don't want to struggle and fight anymore.  I can't.  I've been a fighter my whole life and I don't have anything left.  I can't come up with anything left.  I guess I just needed to vent, I've felt like this for weeks, if I talk to anyone irl they'll just put me on a psych hold and I'll miss enough work to not make rent.  My taxes are coming back and I've almost saved enough so I can leave my roommates enough for my share of the rest of the lease and be done.  Thanks for listening.  I hope whoever is reading can keep the strength they need because I ran out a while ago.