Just feel like talkingThis post is like an inciting incident. I just feel the need to tell someone. I'm not sure if it'll make any sense, I'm kind of shaking right now and seeing through tears is hard. For years I've always had thoughts like how nice it'd be if I could die in the place of someone else, if I could save someone from death (like a road accident) and conveniently die in the process, if I just step too close to the edge of the parapet, etc.. False good intentions. I'm such a sham. Now I die in my dreams. I sometimes self-harm but it's in weird ways like picking my nails, consuming things with "WARNING!" printed on them, etc. but obviously they haven't helped me much in achieving death. I don't have much to complain about. My family is somewhat complete, we're somewhere in upper middle-class, I've had a good education and access to most things I want &amp; need. I guess I'm just lacking in love in general. I have around 5 close friends, and we don't talk often; it's mostly one-sided conversations started by me. I rarely talk to my siblings for lack of common topics (and their special ability of putting people down in subtle ways), and my mother is very pragmatic and sometimes talking to her makes me feel even worse. 7cupsoftea doesn't really work for me anymore. Right now my life is pretty good, compared to other peoples'. I have nothing to complain about, really. Lots of people don't have friends. Lots of people don't have good relationships with their fathers. But anyways. I'm currently doing a degree in a field I've lost interest in, and want to pursue a degree in another field, but it's not offered in my country so I'll have to go overseas to study. My grades are ultra poor, so I can't get in using my current A level results (it's like SATs, if any Americans are reading this), so I'll have to do a foundation programme to get a chance to enrol. Studying overseas, plus that additional year of foundation, will be super expensive. I'm the youngest of three; my brother is working already and my sister is in her last year, so generally money should not be that much of a problem. Anyways, my mum is pretty okay with me studying what I want overseas, though she's still hesitant about it because, money &amp; the long period of time I'll need. And the father just announced he's not going to pay for it, because he only wants to pay for the first degree (which I don't feel interested in, but will will myself through it), and he's not going to care, and wants me to work and pay for my own interests. I know lots of people have to pay for themselves, like Americans (y'all get kicked out at 18 to fend on your own?!), and well I suppose I could do that myself, but I'm not particularly talented in anything and international students' fees are hefty so in all honestly I'm not sure how I'll fund myself. Anyway, this is not the first time my parents have done this. Three years ago I was miraculously accepted to go for a camp in creative arts and I wanted so badly to go but my mum said I couldn't (in the end I was allowed to go, only because my mum's plans fell through &amp; I had to pay for it on my own), and all my life, the father keeps saying suggesting (demanding) that I study Nursing or Business, which I have absolutely no interest in. Even now, after I've spent years telling them I don't want to do anything related to business admin or healthcare, he keeps telling me to finish my degree and get a Masters in business (he'll pay for that). And then he gets angry every single time I tell him I'm not interested. I just. I just feel so lost and unmotivated. I don't like accounting as much as I used to, and I suck at it (just bombed my financial reporting paper, probably will fail that module. Another source of sadness). I want to study creative writing, or editing &amp; publishing, and listening to my friends talk about their experiences, I feel that that's really what I want to do. Though I terrified of being rejected by universities and being told that I'm not good at writing. For the first time in my life, I am certain of want I want to do. I've gone through many 'dream job / what I want to be when I grow up's, and being a writer or an editor has stayed the longest and appeared the most times. Ultimately, I'd like to use writing to help people, through raising awareness or through healing stories, I don't know, things like that? But I'm not allowed to. I don't even have the ability. I'll probably just fail at it like I do at everything else. Even if I get into a university, I'm so awkward and detestable, I won't make any friends and professors will be saying I suck and maybe I'll grow to hate writing (I hope not, I love it and have loved it all my life) and I'll just be miserable. Horrible social life is a huge factor to my current apathy to accounting. I'm just whining about trivial things. My mum and I are going to Tokyo next week, to climb Mt Fuji. I originally planned to step off Trolltunga (I fell in love with that place through a photograph when I was a child) after my graduation, but now that there's an opportunity coming up so soon, I'm not sure if I'll be able to restrain myself.

...I guess I just want to change. I want to be a person people like, I wish I could be those one of those self-assured, talented people who are changing those around them for the better, someone who's genuinely kind and lovely and life-loving. Not me who's rubbish and a waste of resources, who whines about insignificant problems like they're the biggest issues in the world, selfishly asking for help and comments. Killing myself is the simple solution to that. My family will be complete without me.