I have no good reason to feel like this, and my personality makes it difficult to reach out.My head is a mess and this is sure to be a rambling pile of garbage. I never talk to anyone about my problems and just posting something like this is extremely uncomfortable for me.  I am sure I will rethink my decision to make this post and delete it but I havent been able to find any help yet.  I figure if there is anything I have learned from 10 years on reddit, its that they have a help area for everything.  Sure enough when I did a search here you guys are.

Quick rundown on me.  I am middle aged, married, with kids, and successful. 

I dont remember what it feels like to be happy, I cant recall the last time I felt any kind of joy.  I have become really good at faking it around friends and family.  Just flip a switch in my head when its time to be social act happy, make jokes, play my part make sure my sadness does not leak out and spoil the day for anyone else.  Its exhausting, sometimes for work I have to smile and keep my shit together for 12+ hours straight.  Im the nice guy that everyone depends on to get things done, Im the nice guy that everyone looks to for support and advise. Im the nice guy that is so exhausted from faking it all day long I have to sit in my car breaking down to the point that I get physically ill and have to throw up......then I have to flip that switch again because its time to go home and pretend everything is fine.

I get the feeling that everyone around me is jealous. My family is a dream, my wife is beautiful my kids are all amazing, I have a large home, I drive nice cars, I make a good living for the area I live in.  To me it all feels like a costume covering up reality.

I feel like I have failed my oldest child, she is about to be an adult and I know she resents me.  I try to force myself to be more involved but its exhausting and I do try my best to shield her from my bullshit.  I have some younger kids that I also feel like I am failing.  I cant seem to give them all the attention they deserve and I feel like they hate me for it.  I have heard them talking to eachother and night about me and it just crushed what little of my soul is left.

I think my wife is planning to leave me.  She has told me for years that she felt trapped and she needed some independence.  I did my best to support her in starting a new business, and its finally working out for her and going well.  I always thought that would make things better but instead that unease has festered and grown stronger.  I can feel it, she resents me and I can tell that she is just holding on long enough to set herself up with someplace to go when she leaves me.  We have had issues in the past but I have always been able to flip that switch, put on the brave face and do whatever it takes to work it out.  I have been trying but I feel spent and keep cracking up.  I almost broke down in a tears at my own birthday party in front of my kids, a simple dentist visit was too much and I almost started bawling while making a cup of coffee after. If I cant keep my shit together in normal situations how the hell do I do it for something big. 

My business life is a sham, I feel like I have been faking it for 20+ years now and at any moment someone is going to call me out on my bullshit.  It seems rock solid and everyone assumes that I am kicking ass but its always a razors edge balance.  I feel like family here, but I know how quick family can turn on you and shut you out. 

Its all become too damn much, I just want to be done with everything.  I already set everything up, I have had a plan in place to put an end to things while shielding my friends and family as much as possible.  It wont look like a suicide and no one would ever think that I did.  Just another tragic accident no different than all the others that happen every day. I took out a large life insurance policy, I established a trust for my children, I prepared documents with my attorney to handle my estate.  In the past simply having a plan in place was enough to keep me level and not do anything drastic, but the last month or so its been a real struggle every single day to not just do it.

I have spoken my my wife about feeling depressed and she wants me in therapy but thats another mountain to climb and I dont know if I have the energy to make it happen.  I had a therapist a few years ago and called her to set up an appointment last week but she refused to book me.  I dont recall how I ended therapy last time around but I must have said or done something horrible if she wont take me back.  That was a punch to the gut and I havent been able to make myself pick up the phone and call another one.  Quite frankly just the thought of sitting in a therapists office again makes me feel ill and uneasy.  I dont even know if it ever helped me or just made me better at faking it for everyone elses sake. 

TLDR: I am exhausted, tired, sad and just want to be done