Things do not get better. My suicide attempt failed.I've been debating on whether to say anything. I don't really like to be vulnerable. However, I feel like if I'm going to try again, I want someone to know some of my story. (My real story could go on for pages I won't list everything, but I'll try to sum it up)

I'll be honest, I don't want to die. I want things to get better. I know deep down. They won't.

Also sorry for the bad grammar or repeat I'm bad with words.

It's a long story and on previous posts I've deleted, Redditors have commented that I post too long and I just want to get why I'm depressed recently. I'll try to sum it up as much as possible. 

&amp;#x200B;

Main points:

1. Bullying by peers
2. Bullying by professors
3. Not getting good grades
4. Didn't get my dream internship
5. Lost friends
6. Feeling like no one cares
7. Rich dad is in a different state and won't financially help me
8. Not a lot of money to buy christmas presents
9. Really feeling like everything is my fault and would feel better if I ended it all
10. Just broken.

&amp;#x200B;

\-Last Year

1. I was bullied at college. My school has a policy that if your roommate kills them-self you get all As in your class. And she told me this and continued to bully me to the point where I would get stared at, barked at (I'm a furry but they think I fucked dogs hence the barking) and I couldn't be seen without being emotionally abused(rude comments, etc). It was a small 96 dorms campus and it was highschool 2.0. She was popular and I was that kid who didn't party and stayed in my dorm watching netflix and studying.
2. I had a 4.0 and my grandmother passed away so it dropped to a 3.3. Then the semester after a 2.6 (due to bullying.) Which sucks, I really want to go into neuroscience...
3. I had a professor who was getting fired (algebra) so he would give us enormous assignments (16, 50question (writeout) homework questions finals week. On Valentine's day, he gave us 250 questions due that night (multiple step writeouts). I guess a little happiness was I got a 43 while the class average was 19. I was one of 4 out of 20 to pass his class (with a 70 :( ) (He was eventually fired)

\-This year

Probably the worst year of my life (I said that last year with all of that, but I don't think it can get any worse.) This is why I want the suffering to end.

4. My college has multiple campuses so I switched campuses far from the other one because I wanted the bullying to stop. New year. New outlook. Well, that's where psycho professor comes in. Human biology is my favorite subject and I am very good at it. He's the type of guy who says his opinions as facts and I wanted to be polite because I really didn't want any drama and I wanted to hopefully ask for a reference to an internship I was dying for. All goes well, (high 80s,90s) until he gave me a participation grade of a 50. I go to his office and speak with him about it. He eventually agrees to give me an 80 and then I feel like it's fine. A few weeks later he gives us a project and I email  him a question. He says because I emailed him a question that he is taking points off of my project. Yes, it was really that silly. (There was no syllabus for it and it wasn't a negative question. I had people double check and didn't think it was a bad thing to email your professor about the project.) So I bring it up to my advisor about him threatening to dock points because I emailed him a question. She says he has done nasty stuff like this in the past (it's his first semester or first year teaching) and that I should bring it up with the head of the science department. I asked her about it and she said she would do something about it. (She was actually my old bio teacher and she knew my work ethic and the bullying that went on at the other campuses.) When the project came he added a new "peers grade peers" criteria. (Remember, projects came before us and when it came to my group he added this new grading criteria.) During our project, he started berating me and asking questions (I answered them correctly and he would say I didn't (prions are in the brain btw) and stuff like that.) At the end, I walked out of his class because I couldn't take him berating me, lying and making me feel awful. He even had us call on students to see if they could repeat back what I said and the student I called on could perfectly. The ones in the back could not. (He called on them after my student got it right). That's when I walked out. He told the class after I had left that he would hold grudges on students. After that, he gave me 65s, 50s, would NOT give me full credit on bonus.) I contacted the head and the dean and they did NOTHING. Not even a response. No one did anything. He purposely failed me, I have **proof** of him stealing points from my grades, giving me unfair grades taking points off for no reason. He even changed old assignments by one or two points. I took the final today and didn't try because I know he would just fail me. The dean didn't do ANYTHING. And he was bragging about it to my favorite professor and she actually reported him! He was bragging about FAILING ME. WTF. Isn't that illegal??? 

5. My old professor (head of science department) told me on the phone she would love to be a reference for that internship and apologized for that psychotic teacher. I contacted her a few days ago if she would still be willing to help me and she never responded again. :( I had 2 other professors willing to help me but one of them made a bet if I could get an 80 on the final she would. I only got a 71. (I was too busy spending 8 hours on vocab words for psycho teacher which is pointless and I regret doing that because he didn't give me full credit.) Reference number 3 (she promised we hugged) never showed up on the day I was supposed to get her information. So all 3 references are gone. And that bums me out. :( Actually, it breaks my heart. I would have kicked ass at that internship.

6. I figured during this time, I would get another job (I work at the library) but I needed another job. My dad left and now I need to help take care of my mom.  So I began working at DollMart (rhymes with a certain chain store). My dad left so no more help financially. I don't really have much money for christmas. But I work my butt off. When I first arrive there everything seems dandy. I start working with a jerk and an asshole. They say they are "hazing" me because it was my first day by constant making me do hard work and telling me how bad of a job I am doing. It continues after I've been there a while. They claim I break eggs (took photographic evidence it wasn't me) then I was "reported" for putting in a few gallons of milk after 5pm because there was NO milk for customers to purchase and I did it last 15 minutes of my shift. I had zoned for hours and was pretending to be busy so I figured I'd put milk out for the customers because there was 0 milk for anyone to buy. Instead of being thanked I was threatened by the boss for helping customers because after 5pm there is no stocking even if there is no milk apparently. My coworkers are mean to me and I don't try to talk to them because I am too stressed about college. In fact, I don't go to the breakroom to talk because I'm so worried I'll just mess things up and hurt people. I hide and read reddit on lunch break. 

7. My bestfriend left me and my close friend left me (move to different states). Now I don't have anyone. :(

8. After all of this, I decided I'm going to kill myself so I grabbed a bottle of vitamin D pills (stupid in retrospect) and chugged 75% of the bottle. I waited and began to feel really really weird. I took a nap and figured I'd die and that would be it. I didn't though, I woke up feeling really sick and then my crappy life came back. For a few minutes I thought well maybe this is a sign to keep going. That's what I did. And keep going didn't help. I'm back to square one. In a job that I get in trouble for trying to do the best customer service, in a school where when the professor is being obviously illegal I get ignored, where my friends are leaving to enjoy their new lives, I didn't get my dream internship.

&amp;#x200B;

Sorry if the timelines seem weird I didn't put it in order. :/

&amp;#x200B;

Sorry for even writing this I feel dumb.