Probably not the best time but the most honesthey redit. longtime lurker, etc etc. I'm not even sure where to begin at this point. It's been a long night of drinking but things are just coming to a breaking point. Here I am 21 years old, failing out of one of the most expensive universities in the US and I can't bring myself to give a shit about almost anything anymore. I don't know who to talk to, the times I've tried my friends just don't seem to get it. The counseling dept at my school (if it could even be called that) didn't return any of the messages I've left there so I turn to the internet as a vent because I just don't know what to do.

Here I am at 330 in the morning staring at a bottle of aspirin. I'm just miserable. Haven't been happy in a good long while and I'm terrifying the shit out of myself. During the day I put up the front for the public and my family and then I come home, smoke, drink whatever just to get my mind of shit. I was the stereotypical awkward smart guy so many of us were in HS. Didn't do shit. Whether it was exercise or play sports or party. My life was drive to school go home and sleep, rinse repeat. College has been NOTHIGN what I wanted. Here I was hoping to graduate early but now i'm facing multiple hundreds of thousands of dollars in student debt and a worthless degree thats also taking me an extra year to earn because of my fucking inability to decide what I like and the fuck i CAN do. The worst part is, I hardly find myself with time to work on fixing shit. Between working 30-40 hours a week AND classes it feels like I either eat or do schoolwork

 Not only am I leagues away from where I wanted to be professionally but personally too. On an average day I'll hear from my 'friends' once or twice unless I initiate contact…at first it wasn't a big deal but I'm jus so fucking sick of being alone. I haven't had any female friends in years, and even when I did I was so fucking out of shape and insecure it was always just a friend thing. Nothing I do ends up right. Its always as if everyone conspires to fuck me on a daily basis….its exhausting pretending like everything is ok especially since when I do try and broach the subject advice tends to be "things will get better" or "keep your head up" or some FUCKING variation of that. My self esteem is shit, I can't bring myself to care about grades and it just seems pointless a. The only thing that is stopping me is just thinking about my family back home…but even then I just want the stress to stop. To not fucking be worrying about how my life is fucked.

I don't know, I just needed a vent and someone to tell me I'm not crazty but even so it just looks so god damned appealing right now. 