I wanted to kill my dog and myself tonight.(Note, I do not have plans to hurt him or any desire to. I will call an ambulance before it gets to that point. Just scary intrusive thoughts that I don't know where they came from. I'm disturbed by them myself)


Thinking about suicide is nothing new to me- I've been thinking about it on and off for the last two weeks.
The last three years have been fairly traumatic- my grandmother died right as I moved to college, I nearly failed my first term and had to significantly bring up my GPA in two terms (I went from 1.19 to 1.90 to 2.21), I was sexually assaulted and had one of my oldest friends betray me, I flunked two very important classes, my mother moved across the country, I was in a high speed car crash, and then my father had an aortic dissection and nearly died, while my mom was across the country so I had to deal with it on my own for a time, and took responsibility for his care because he didn't have anyone else. Then my aunt died. Then I got broken up with my best friend. 
This on top of my dad being an emotionally abusive alcoholic, which isn't an excuse but explains a lot of my thought processes as an adult.
Also I'm in school. Well, trying to be.


So I've had a lot on my plate. I've been seeing people to try and handle it, but the last few weeks with midterms it came to a head and I realized that my reaction to stress lately is to bail. When it's stress in my relationships, I don't want to ever talk to them again, even when it's my best friend. When I'm frustrated by archery, I want to stop shooting. When it's a stress in life, I want to die. One of the only stressors I can walk away from is school, so I made the decision to withdraw from this term and next term. I want to be back by fall but I have awhile to decide.

I'm not super happy with the desicion, even though I know it's the best and the route I'm on is not healthy. My dad used to tell me if I wasn't successful, I wasn't trying. If I wasn't trying, try harder. If I couldn't try any harder then I'd given up and no one should ever give up. I feel like a failure because I'm trying as hard as I can, but not successful in my classes. I know I could be so much better, but I just can't connect that with academics. And it's frustrating and I want to curl up. I know my friends realistically aren't judging me, but I feel like I'm the stupidest person and why the hell should they be friends with me and I have way to much emotional turmoil to deserve friends because who wants to deal with this. 


my dog doesn't live with me, so I asked if I could have him a few days because he usually makes me feel better and I'm happier with him around. My uncle dropped him off. I thought well, I can't kill myself with the dog around so that will distract me.
Then some dark part of me was like, well. Not unless the dog dies too.

I don't want to think like that. It makes me sick I even thought of it or that it stuck around and kept sticking around. I feel like an awful person and I don't know what's happening and it's frightening. And I feel totally alone... the people I would talk to are unavailable and this isn't something I can just tell anyone. I called my schools mental health line and talked to someone until I was calmer, but still shaken that I even thought of that. I can deal with thinking about killing myself. But my dog is my baby. I feel like the worst dog owner in the world, if I had thought this would happen I wouldn't have asked for him. I live in a different town then my uncle and it was late when I started spiraling and I was too afraid to call and explain.

Again, it's intrusive thoughts. Not planning or desire and I'm horrified I even had those thoughts. I will call someone and remove either him or myself if it gets worse. I guess I want some reassurance that I'm not going insane? Or alone. I feel like an awful person and I'm frightened