I don't know if posting this will helpI tried to kill myself last Friday. I tried to OD and almost succeeded. It was my second attempt this year, but everyone's already moved on.

I'm not okay. I don't know how my family don't realize this. I don't know how my psychiatrist doesn't realize this. I don't know how my therapist doesn't realize this.

I can't deal with this. I'm about to try again. I don't know if this is a plea for help or what. I've always been skeptical of empathy from strangers, and I don't know how this will help me.

Every time I feel anything, it leads to this. I shut myself down whenever I start feeling anxious, or sad, or happy, or scared. It just leads to suicidal tendencies. It's worked for me in the past. Earlier today, I managed to contact a very close friend I hadn't talked to in a while. I was happy.

A *few fucking hours ago* I was happy. Now I can't even feel empty.

So what do I do? It's the middle of the night. I can't call my psychiatrist, my therapist, my family. I don't see how a suicide hotline could possibly help. I can't go to sleep like this. I'm just lost. If I can't be allowed to feel anything without wanting to kill myself, what's the point in living at all? I don't want this. Why aren't I allowed to feel happy? I don't know what's wrong with my brain, but mood stabilizers, antipsychotics, and antidepressants don't do anything for me.

Edited to add: I know it's terrible of me to say this, or think this, but... I wish I had some sort of terminal illness. I wish I had cancer. If it could make me not so alone, anything would be fine. If it would mean I would have an excuse to be physically this sick and pathetic, anything would be fine. I need something, and I don't know what it is, but something has to change, and I can't stop thinking that that would be it. What I need. I hate feeling this way, too, but that's the blunt, honest truth.

Edited to add: I don't feel like I'm *me*. I'm not the person I was six years ago. I'm one of the voices that used to be in my head. I started antipsychotics to get rid of them but I got rid of myself as well. What do I do about that? Should I try to get them, and me, back, or do I keep trying to move on? It's so strange, even after two years, to be in control of "my" body. Or I might be delusional. Either way, I'm crazy and the medications aren't helping.