Online friend with crazy, emotionally abusive parents talking about wanting to be dead. Is there anything I can do?I'm extremely worried for an online friend of mine. He's had a lot of episodes of depression, and I knew it had to do with his family, but that was it. Well, tonight I found out more. Apparently his dad, who he lives with, is... bipolar? Schizophrenic? I'm sorry, I can't remember which, but why he does what he does is less important than *what he does*. He physically abuses my friend's mother, and emotionally abuses my friend (and apparently, his mother does sometimes, too). Apparently tonight they went off on him about "witnessing the birth of the next Hitler," whatever that means. They kept coming into his room screaming at him and threatening him because he wouldn't agree that "Obama is Hitler." Told him he's evil, that he supports murder, that it'll be his fault when "the Muslims murder everyone," threatened to kick him out. Apparently they tell him *he's* schizophrenic and make fun of him for it. It goes on, but I think you get the picture. And so said friend is talking about how he wishes dying was easy. He's said some things that, as someone who's come close to suicide myself before for reasons not entirely far-off from his, I recognize as thoughts I have when I'm at the end of my rope. "I didn't ask to be born, and it's just been nothing but suffering," things like that.

I'm convinced he needs to get out of that house asap. His vision of himself is completely warped, and keeps going on about how he's "evil" and "a loser," and that he's just a burden on everyone. It seems like he's been putting up with this his whole life, but that it's gotten especially bad, recently. But there's nothing I can personally do to get him out of there since we're half-a-country apart, and I don't have any close friends or family where he lives. (I have absolutely no spare money, either, and certainly not enough to cover a month or two of rent to get him started somewhere.) He's legally an adult, so I don't think child-services is an option? And he's terrified to look for a job and have to interact with people in-person because of all the self-esteem issues he has. I mean, it's like pulling teeth just to get him to temporarily accept the idea that he has any self-worth at all.

He said he thinks his dad is going to take away his means of accessing the internet, soon, so in addition to being really distraught over hearing all this and really concerned for his well-being, I feel like I'm working against an invisible clock. He's already not responding to me, which doesn't necessarily mean anything, but is still extremely concerning. I just don't want to accept that there's nothing I can do, though. But I'm drawing a blank, and it's such an unconventional situation that I can't find any similar stories to get ideas from online. Please, if anyone can think of anything I can either reasonably do or say to help, I'd appreciate anything.