The goodbye letter I wroteI've decided to share my goodbye letter with you, I've been on this subreddit for quite some time, reading other people's stories occasionally. I'm not sure what to do anymore. I kinda want to get out of here tomorrow. I am afraid I'll be too much of a coward to do so. I've censored the name of the cities. 

I don’t even know where to begin.
I don’t understand anything, everything is so complicated. I am so fed up of overthinking everything, so fed up of trying to understand why I feel this way or another.
There are times where I don’t feel bad, but that doesn’t necessarily mean I’m good.  It simply means that I’m neutral. I don’t feel pain, but I don’t enjoy my life either. Sitting in front of the monitor all the time is exhausting, but I can’t change it. Not even because I want to use the computer all the time, but more due to the fact I don’t seem to be enjoying anything beyond it. 
I’ve tried to get in touch with some friends, manage to meet with them, meet more people and finally get myself into some group of people that I’d feel comfortable around. 
I used to stay up at night, lying down in my bed, and it could go two ways. Either I’d start feeling bad about being here, locked in my room all the time, not having anyone to go out with, meet up with, or after a social situation I managed to get myself into I’d constantly overthink it, worry about what others might have thought of me, if I did or said something wrong. 
These were moments I thought social situations were what I needed, I just didn’t know how to get them and every single activity such as Karate, gym or anything else would just seem so boring to me.
I tried asking people to go out somewhere, if I could join them, even wrote that if they were planning anything I’d love if they hit me up about it, trying to indicate how lonely I was inside.   
The few times I went with a group of people, I was so shy, or anxious, I was afraid to say anything. I just listened mostly. Also, because I simply didn’t have any interesting stories to share. They were talking about parties, how much fun they had, the funny stuff that happened, and the only memories I had were the memories of me sitting in front of PC imagining what it would be like to go out with someone.
Going to school felt like hell. I’ve never been liked much. The good memories I have from school would be from x, first and second grade, which was probably because everyone was young. I really feel good about those times. 
Later, as we moved to d, I probably had some issues with computer. I used it too much, looking back. I had some friends there, they asked me if I wanted to go out, I did actually do it, but some of the times I just preferred to stay at home and play video games. 
I completely accidentally met my first girlfriend. We were together for a long time. Thing is, it wasn’t good neither for me, nor for her. The relationship was one of the reasons you’re reading this today. We wouldn’t meet very often, it’s been pretty toxic since the beginning of it, we would argue a lot, I was hurting, she probably was hurt as well. We couldn’t break up. The jealousy in the relationship was too huge. Due to lack of trust, I don’t even exactly remember the reasons for it, we pretty much wouldn’t allow each other to talk to other people, especially from the other gender. It might’ve made me awkward, I don’t even know. I might’ve just also been a weirdo, but I certainly wasn’t liked much in Middle school. It lasted until the last grade of the school, in the first semester of the school I went to in c. After that I barely had anyone, and I couldn’t get myself out of this shithole.  In c I was bullied by a few people. Insults or anything I just ignored, took them, pretended I didn’t hear them or tried to laugh them off and pretend I’m taking them as a joke. What bothered me though, was a person &lt;or people, I might not remember, I just remember one person for sure&gt; that would spit on me from the top of the stairs. It all just felt so bad, I have no idea how I managed to graduate.  One of the reasons I wasn’t liked much could be my hygiene, I was already depressed then, I suppose, and I wouldn’t care about this at all. I just couldn’t give a fuck. 

I’m pretty certain that could be the reason I wasn’t liked in the first grade of the high school, though. In the first semester, and some part of the second, I guess. I had people insult me, throw chewing gums at me. The chewing gum thing was actually just one person that I remember. Others might’ve just not liked me, so I didn’t really have anyone to go out with either. I tried asking sometimes if I could join them after school. I apparently wasn’t good enough for it, so I just went home. Anyway, I just took the bullying, couldn’t do anything with it, was scared if I tried to do anything I’d fuck myself up at school even more. Additionally, I also helped my bullies with the school work sometimes, just because I was hoping they’d stop and was afraid they’d do it more if I didn’t. Also, because that’s just who I am, or was, I guess. 
In the second grade it got technically better, I didn’t feel bullied nor disliked. I just couldn’t force myself to go. I’m not sure why. It felt like laziness, a laziness so strong I couldn’t control.
Sometimes, I’d sit on the chair, looking in my monitor without the will to do anything there. Most of the time, however, I’d play dumb video games that I didn’t even enjoy most of the time and that were just frustrating me even more. I could be frustrated day after day, all the time, and I’d still prefer that over going to school or doing anything.
In the moment of writing this, I just don’t imagine having a routine of going to work or anywhere. I can’t. It seems so hard. It seems impossible. It seems not worth it. 
How am I supposed to deal with the work/school additionally, if it’s hard for me to even exist? I just wonder if it would be any different if we stayed in x, where I began going to school, and finished it there – among the same people.
I’m feeling like nobody really understands how it feels, but it isn’t what matters. It doesn’t matter what anyone is going to say, if the medicine is going to make me “strong enough” to do anything. I’ll still feel unhappy no matter what. Everything is just not worth the effort. I’m a boring person. I don’t have any interests, hobbies, memories to share. I won’t get these years back. I won’t simply forget about what happened to me and be a happy, social person. Or even if that could be possible, it’s just too much effort. There’s too much to it. I’d need to take different meds, talk to the psychologist, work on myself, keep trying to change the way I think, and what for? What is this shit even for? There are a lot of people that have been struggling with depression since they were teenagers who are about 30 years old now. People say it gets better. For some of the people, it doesn’t. I feel like I’m one of those people. Hell, I’m sure I am one of those people. 
I tried going to the psychologist. I tried taking the meds. Obviously, I understand the meds haven’t started working yet properly, but it’s just, nah. It feels completely not worth it. As I said, the meds won’t solve the problems I have. It would be much more than just the meds, and I don’t have neither the strength nor the will to do deal with it. Thank you, J, for talking to my parents about it. At least I tried getting helped and I don’t have to feel like I didn’t even try.
Simple tasks feel super hard for me. As if they were nearly impossible. I constantly think I’m just making myself feel this way, that I’m the one responsible for the way I feel, that I should just do it and stop complaining about how things are. Is that what it takes? Maybe, I don’t know. 
I can’t see myself anywhere in the future. I am feeling surprised that I had the strength to get to the second grade of high school without failing once. A year ago, I’d never imagine myself quitting school. Even though I felt shitty, I still somewhat managed to find the strength to be at least on 60% of the lessons. It was hard, but I could do it. I really wouldn’t be able to do it now. No matter how hard I tried. 
Stuff people consider fun – going to the cinema, going to stores, going to the gym – they don’t feel fun to me. At least not worth the effort. 
People consider me weird – when I was in the UK, I enjoyed the first day so much, I loved the day. After that, I’m not sure what happened. I was back in the dark place, even though I was somewhere else. I didn’t have any computer or anything. I just walked around the house not knowing what I should do with myself. I didn’t feel the strength to go out to the city. One time I did, though. I did it – it was fine, but was it worth it? Was it that fun? I certainly enjoyed talking to one guy that was asking for directions. We used my phone and I helped him find the way. It turned out it showed a little wrong, so I came back to him and chatted with him, apparently, he had a polish boss, so he knew some words. It was fun. I showed him the right way, which was actually just the turn we were close to and we went our separate ways. 
My half-brother is different than me. Outgoing and confident. I wish I had the confidence. It’s very useful in life, I’d suppose. I’m just sad that I was told he considered me weird. But there’s some truth in it, so I assume it’s fine. 
Well, moving on, I quit school because I thought I was going to kill myself before it would even matter. I couldn’t see myself in the future, even with the school, with the useless paper. I couldn’t, I just couldn’t deal with what I felt inside.
I considered trying hard drugs, hoping they’d save me, but what sort of life would that be. It’s so pointless. It’d only add more problems to the ones I already have. On the other hand, how would I even get them if I barely knew anyone. 
I’m very grateful for some of the friends I met online. They were what kept me going, I guess. I wouldn’t have lived it up until this point if not them. They were there when I needed to talk, when I felt like shit, when I felt suicidal. One of them gave me money, just to get myself some weed. So that I could do something fun. I ended up socializing with some people due to this, actually. The few times I went out could be caused just by the one gesture. Thank you so much, V. Without it, I don’t think I’d even live it up till the moment of my half-sister getting me to go to the psychologist. Obviously, there are some more people who helped me, just by talking, letting me know I’m not alone. Thank you everyone. 
My mind is a dark place – a dark place I shouldn’t be in by myself. Pretty sure Chester, the singer of linkin park who committed suicide said something along the lines. I can relate to that.
I kept struggling with myself, with my thoughts I couldn’t control, with the pain that sometimes made me want to scream. Sometimes I felt like I didn’t want to feel better, just so I could disappear more easily, because it’s much easier to do such a thing when you feel a lot of pain, rather than nothingness.
I don’t think I was a bad person. I mean, I have made some mistakes, that’s for sure. Who hasn’t. But I feel like I didn’t do any harm to anyone, at least not on purpose. I don’t think I deserved what I felt. I think I wouldn’t consider myself stupid, just completely dead inside, and have been this way for quite some time.
I wish I could talk to you more, parents. It’s just, I felt so anxious (?) if I wanted to talk to you about anything. I was never used to talking to you. I don’t think we had the best relation. It’s also my fault, that can’t be denied, but I just felt so uncomfortable talking to you, asking you about anything. That wasn’t something I could control.
The first time I told you about the way I feel I had already drunk a few beers, which helped. I don’t think you took that very seriously then. Quite some time later after that, I quit school. It was really hard, though. I felt like I had already fucked my life up then. But I was so afraid to kill myself, I still had some hopes. Hopes that I’d find my group of people. That just didn’t happen, and right now, I feel like at this point it wouldn’t change anything anyway. It’s too late. 
You probably wonder why I wrote this entire thing in English, well, I just really liked this language. Much more than Polish. I really liked changes. That’s why I also wanted to live in some other, English speaking country. Just for the sake of change. It’s one of the few things I sort of enjoyed. Just speaking the language. The other reason is, if I actually decide to do it, I’d like some of my friends to read it as well. I don’t want to leave without a word.
I’m sorry it went the way it did. I really tried. It might seem selfish, it probably is selfish, but I just couldn’t. I hope you can forgive me that. I can’t live just because someone wants me to. I can’t do it if I don’t want it myself. 
Don’t feel sad, or bad about it. If that makes you feel better, disappearing for me is a relief. A relief I’ve been seeking for a long time. A relief I need. Staying alive hurts much more than getting out of here does.
I’m still going to be here with you, and I wish you the best of luck. Hope your lives go the right way and that you find your happiness.  Thank you so much for being in the story called “My Life”. I really appreciate your presence in it. 
There was nothing you could do about it. You all tried. You couldn’t have done anything more. I tried helping myself as well. It just wasn’t meant for me. Don’t feel guilty over it, because that’d be silly. 
If you wanted me to stop hurting – that’s the best way to stop it. I’m going to be much happier, and I’m very happy to go – as long as you don’t feel bad about it, so please, don’t. 
I love you all, thank you for the time spent together, for the kindness, for the good and even bad memories. They mean so much to me. I’ll always remember you.
Goodbye.
