Here we go again.I'll be 34 this year. I've tried everything. Faking it, reinventing myself, working out, you name it. I have no one. My wife doesn't care about me just the things I provide her. My mother's side of the family hasn't talk to me in years because... reasons.. My fathers side of the family never liked me because I wasn't "one of them" I was only half Puerto Rican and didn't speak Spanish so they'd rather pretend I didn't exist. Neither of my parents wanted me since both of them did their best to avoid having to take care of me. Instead they left me with an insane woman who hated my very existence and took all the frustration of her life out on me. All these years I just wish someone cared.

The first woman I fell in love with cheated on me with the man she ended up marrying. They have 3 kids now. She wrote me a letter when I went to Boot Camp telling me it was over after nearly 3 years. I knew it was coming. Stiff upper lip though. I read the letter on the toilet so I could have privacy. That was that. I didn't have a girlfriend or any relationships really until I met my current wife 3 years later. She only married me because I existed. She didn't care who it was just as long as she had a baby. Unfortunately we could never conceive. Now she just sticks around because of money, not love. 

I'll be frank, I just don't want to be here anymore. Whatever that means. I don't see life ever getting better. I know people here will say they care, but can you really care. I have to argue the point that after so much suffering that I've earned the right to end it when I want to. There is no virtue in suffering. The older I get the less likely I will ever be to find happiness. Who will really miss me? I haven't seen my father in 14 years, my mother only calls when she wants something. My wife only ever asks for things. I've been sitting in this chair for 5 hours and got one whole text asking what something was. I texted people wanting to just talk and no responses. I just wish... I don't know actually I don't know how to function anymore. I just know to go to work, make money, pay the bills and not to make a fuss about things. If I just stay quiet at least I have less stress in my life... I probably made this post far too long and no one will read it. 