I Hate Sex (And Being Sexually Driven).**Disclaimer:** *This post has to due with sexual themes, so if this could possibly be a trigger for you, please do scroll passed. Thank you.*

Before I start, let me preface something; I'm one-hundred and ten percent a virgin. Don't assume for a second that I'm some Chad complaining that I get too much sex or something. I've never even hugged or dated a girl before, let alone have sexual relations with one. That being said, I'll start. 

I hate sex and being sexually driven. I'm seventeen, so my hormones are constantly skull-fucking me, no pun intended. I get aroused many times throughout the day and it happens easier than I'd like to admit. When I get that way I often make stupid decisions, or I'll talk to a person in the hopes of sexual gain whether I'm aware of it or not. I'll watch excessive amounts of pornography just to help get it over with so I can move on with my day. Does it keep me from doing things? No, I can live without masturbating, but it's so, so fucking annoying to be aroused when I'm trying to just go about my day.

You may ask "Why do you hate it so much? It's one of the few pleasures people like us have." or something like that. Well, quite frankly, I find that statement to be ignorant. I'd rather go my whole life being a virgin if it meant I could maintain what little innocence I have left in my being. To be able to pursue a relationship without having to question whether I only like them because I want to have sex with them or if it's because I truly love them. To be able to take things lightly and not always assume that the things people say are euphemisms and shit like that. I want to be able to look at a girl and think "Wow, she seems nice." or "Wow, I really enjoy her outfit." rather than "Man, the things I'd do to her." or "Man, she is *way* out of my league." It can be really, really fucking debilitating. I hate when I'm in public or with a female acquaintance and my eyes trail off to parts of her body as if they were fucking magnetic. I hate it, I hate it, I *hate* it. 

&amp;#x200B;

I know being as young as I am may be a deterrent for most of the people on here. "Oh, you're too young and juvenile to understand." Fuck you. I don't care how young I am, I've seen and experienced more than I should have at this age, so I feel as though I don't deserve to be baby talked. Am I juvenile and ignorant in ways? Yes. But, for the most part, my eyes have been opened. And I can say, with every shred of confidence I can muster in my being, I fucking hate sex.

&amp;#x200B;

I apologize for the aggressive tone this gave off, it in no way reflects myself as a person, but I just have so much pent up anger, sadness, and general frustration with this topic. Please tell me I'm not alone. I feel so alone in my thoughts and principles. I doubt I articulated myself well enough, and I highly doubt I said all I wanted to say, but it's probably best I leave it at this. Either way, thanks for reading. Have a good rest of your night/day.