Just When I Think I'm In The Clear...I was so sure I was over this.  But, goodness, this new bout I slammed into is, by far, the worst I've felt in a long time.  I understand we're all trapped in our own heads, but I've never felt so tethered down like I have by this awful, sickly feeling that has been plaguing my thinking nonstop the past five days.  I know, I know, nobody should get so upset as to contemplate suicide over a girl or guy not taking an interest in them - but dang, I'm not one to feel so strongly about a potential relationship often.  At all.  So when I do, and I know I'm not doing well, it feels like I'm missing an incredibly important game changer for my life.  Yet, here I am again.  Plastering this girl with my anxieties as I try to approach her about anything.  And this one going wrong is just another lump.  Another screw up in a long line of nothing but screw ups for me.  Another nail in the coffin, as it were.

And it's not fair to her or anyone else who is subjected to my behavior.  I feel like I was just settling into great work relationships with these people at my new job, and then I go out and get drunk with them a few times and tell them all about this girl and my anxieties.  And yesterday at work when I tried to joke and talk to the girl...holy crap, I'm an idiot.  And a creep.  Then there is this other girl I really respect who is roughly the same age my sister would be had she not died years ago, and, during one of our drunken conversations, she told me how I was like "a little brother" to her.  Of course, this makes my heart swell with pure joy, but then I wonder how creepy does that make me?  I'm just a weirdo who pushes away people who genuinely try to care about me by getting too clingy.  The past two nights, I'd go out drinking and just tell myself (aloud unfortunately) how it would be best for me to just get this whole load of crap over with.  It upsets my friends who were drinking with me.  They genuinely do care, but I can tell this attitude I have is weighing on them lately too.  Who can blame them?  It's terrible.  And the more I think about it, the worse I get.  And the worse I get, the more I think about it.  My descent into pure, unadulterated, 100% self hatred is nearly complete.  All of this boils down to one question - "Am I ever gonna be good enough?"  It just doesn't seem like the case.  Anytime I get a good opportunity thrown my way, I don't know how to handle it.  I've failed to adapt to society and the world.

Some people are still crazy enough to care about me for some reason though - probably mostly thanks to biology, but I've been slowly pushing away my family in addition to my friends and coworkers.  This is nobody's fault but mine, I know that.  I just don't want to hurt anyone.  I'd rather not put my parents through losing another child.  But, once I've got a safe enough distance between my family and me, I may genuinely consider checking out.  It's definitely become a legitimate, daily consideration again.