i'm drowning. I can't do it.I'm sitting in class just thinking about when my life will be over. IDK the thought of dying is scary. I want to stop existing rather than just die. I seem like the happiest person bcos I never let people see in my pain, but really I'm slowly falling under the surface. how do i go from this happy face to not wanting to see the light again? I feel like I've been repeating this depressive cycle over and over. I'm so hopeless and I'm a horrible person bcos I'm so selfish and then i suffer the consequences. I've lost more friends than i have and i continue to lose more and more. it just feels like the friends i have now don't even want me there, it's like they feel bad so they just let me be there. but i can tell I'm unwanted. nothing i ever do is enough i keep fucking with everyone harder than how they fuck with me. i spend countless nights wanting to end it, slit after slit, I've really got no one. I really don't wanna fucking be here, the thought of pain free puts me at ease and i really wanna let it go. but my mum, my dad.... no one wants me, my ex left, my parents are so hard to please and my friends don't even include me. i just finished my anti-depressants and my mum said i cant go on them again bcos ill get addicted but its the only thing that makes me feel ok. without it i feel as my purpose is nonexistent. the day i kill myself is the only day people will realise how fucking much I'm hurting. the pain that some people have caused me have never disappeared, I'll always remember it and that's what consumes me. bcos why would they do me like that? after everything .. i get close w so many people and they know I'm suffering and still choose to fucking hurt me .. what the fuck did i do to deserve this? they never fucking cared and its clear that i cared way too fucking much for them... by disappearing, things will be easier and i will never have to face the people that destroyed me. i don't see a purpose in life. id rather give my life to someone who would appreciate it