WHAT IS REALI’m in so much pain. My whole life I’ve been physically and emotionally abused. I always had a good outlook because I knew my body and my mind were strong. Up untill last year, my best friend died. I had so much regret and blame myself. The weekend before we had taken so many drugs, so many. Started with Oxys, then Roxys, hydros, Xanax, smoked and drank. I should have died that night. I saw he was begging for help without saying it. I didn’t help, I didn’t know how to. I didn’t know depression was real because I kept myself from it for so long. I abused my body and worked it to the bone just so I could fall asleep at night. My mind has always kept me up. I’ve always felt the cruelty of everything in my bones but wasn’t scared of it, now I’m tired of it. I hid the pain so deep inside me I forgot about it. Him dying changed everything. My mind body and soul. All I could think about was how much I hated myself for not helping him. Spent most of the year smoking by myself and evaluating every mistake I’ve ever made. Coming to the conclusion that I’m not worthy to be here. I get so caught up in the allusions that my brain perceives as reality instead of just being happy. The day I stopped listening to my heart and my instincts was the day I lost my soul. That was the day my life ended and I’ve been nothing but an empty vessel since. I’ve struggled between the ideas of me caring too much or do I not care at all. I can’t tell which one is true. I can’t tell who I am anymore. When you lose sight of the temple that takes you to the finish line you’re only mode of transportation through this life of atoms, gravity and Infiniti then you lose everything. There’s so much more I could wright about, I’m close to nobody. Everything I’ve ever been close to has disappeared only concluding that what lies before my eyes is not real. My experience with DMT at age 18 also changed me. Took me out of my body. The only people in my life that have been around are the ones who have manipulated and abused my mentality. My whole life I have absorbed other peoples problems with the hope that I could help but in the end they were only helping themselves. Feel like if there is a higher power I might’ve already Lived the life that was meant for me at 23. It’s been such a struggle since my first memory that I realize I will never be OK no matter how OK everything is. I’ve lost the only strength that I had to maneuver my way through this dream. I’ve seen the good and I’ve seen that bad of this world, in the bad far outweighs the good 10 to 1 always.