Single, fat, living at home, and now unemployedhello all... 

I am 23 and live at home. I have always struggled with my weight but I am at the heaviest I have ever been. Last week I decided to start working out and getting my life together. I work for a college so I had access to a gym and worked out everyday and was feeling great. I was getting so much work done and I was feeling really positive about myself and I thought I was coming out of my depression. 


I have been single for about 2 years and I feel really bad about myself for not being with anyone. I really just need a hug sometimes but none are to be found. I have been on okcupid and tinder for two years with no luck. My sister downloaded tinder as a joke for a weekend and met someone that weekend and a month later they are now in a relationship. I am trying to be happy for her but I am very jealous. and realizing how jealous I am is making me feel even worse. Even typing this now is making me sick to my stomach. 


My sister just started her new job on Monday and she is making nearly 2x as much as she was making before and I was so excited for her. Monday ended up being a horrible day for me though... I went to work Monday and 30 minutes after I got there I was fired. I don't know what to do. I am trying to fill out applications and update my resume and such but everytime I open an application I am instantly filled with panic and fear and anxiety. I have never felt this awful. Emotional pain I have felt before, but the physical manifestation of this is too much to bear. I feel like noodles... like my body just feels like it is melting and my chest hurts and I feel like I have to throw up but it isn't happening. my head hurts, my mind is cloudy. I just can't even describe how I am feeling. 


I have $600/month in student loan payments and the job i just lost barely paid anything so i have no savings and a lot of bills. I am so scared of what is going to happen.. I've also lost my health insurance and I have 2 month supply of my antidepressant left but I dont know what will happen after that. 


I was posting on here Monday night but then I walked away to go to the bathroom and my dad read my post and just told me "it proves how weak I am" 

I got fired from a job I didn't even like that didn't even pay enough... How do I explain this in any future interviews? I am so overwhelmed right now I can't breathe. I don't want to go to the hospital because I have been in a psych ward before and it didn't do anything to help me I was just shoved in a room for 3 days with no counseling whatsoever. I really just need someone to talk to. My counselor has been on maternity leave since June. I can'tt breathe or think I don't know how I am going to be able to fill out applications and update my resume. What kind of life is this that we revolve around jobs? Losing my job means I have lost everything and I didn't even have much to begin with. 
