The TroubleI never dreamt it could have lasted this long. It feels like every moment the feelings abate are really only a brief reprieve, the returning torment tears into my psyche with even less remourse. The corruption grows ever inside me, sometimes sleeping only to awake at times it needs to destroy.

The point of trauma feels so far away in time, nearly four years. When the episodes occur, it only feels as it happened just seconds prior. I have no physical ailments, only desolation of the mind. I haven't found an environment for healing, and I don't think I ever will. Isolation is sporadically maddening, not knowing if I'm truly losing my sanity or just feeling the pangs of past wrongdoings. Social circumstances are not helpful to the source of pain, when the episodes occur, all others can sense the turmoil and recoil at the possibility of backlash from this force.

It is a malevolent manifestation of my reality. All manner of action: speech, observation, hearing, all the surroundings are contorted to keep me bound to its dark will. None can even attempt to wrest control of the power it wields, its strength is insurmountable. I'm but a prisoner to its will, the slightest misstep in my path through life it sees an opportunity to grow and infest more within the spirit.

I feel as undeserving to face a plight so dire. It only exists when it feels the possibility to arise. I feel as though an instrument or vessel of its ill conceit. I look into a mirror to see a fair face staring back, crystal blue eyes, a symmetry  throughout; many smiles from others abound me in my days, and I feel yet obligated to receive this blessing. My looks yet deceive my emotion, for I know a disgusted figure is writhing within. I cannot tell what yet be unattractive to most: a physical flaw or a scarring of the soul that only seeks to rend into another. I won't let my fellow man that deserve peace be upended in their stable life by a force so reckless.

So I reserve myself, keeping this force of trauma at bay from others, while enduring the suffering of its imprisonment. If love could break its chains that bind itself to me and I to it; it has not yet been gifted from those that radiate beauty throughout, or even a divine power to ease my pain. Society has disillusioned me of the agony I face. I am aware of flaws of the human nature that are best left ignored. Faced against this foe forces my consciousness to the dark reality.

I only wish I had an answer or remedy to this trouble, I fear that none may be found.