Why I want to no longer liveRant about how much life has sucked for me

Need to go on a little rant here about how unfair life has treated me. Both my parents were extreme alcoholics. I faced abuse growing up as a little kind almost daily. In 2nd grade my parents split up and I went to live with my mom. In the 3rd grade my mother beat me to a pretty extreme level and got arrested and went to jail. At that point in time I went to live with my grandma and father. I wasn’t behaving correctly so then I moved to my aunts and uncles in the 7th grade. In the 8th grade they accused me of stealing money that I did not do and sent me to a boarding school for almost 9 months. It was a living hell there. Fights almost everyday, I saw rape at first hand. I almost got raped but I was able to get the guy down on the ground and step my foot right on his throat and after that I really never got fucked with. That place really messed me up mentally. Finally when I made it back home I went to live with my grandma and my father. At the age of 17 I had to drop out of school to help take care of the bills around the house because my father was sick. I had lost my job and I started doing prescription fraud and got caught and was arrested. That same year I got caught with a dab pen and they sent it to a lab and I had finally recently been put on probation for it. At the end of 2017 my father had passed away from cirrhosis of the liver. Me and him became really close. He was like my best-friend and the one I always talked to and hung out with talked to and hung out late and watched movies and smoked and drank with. I was extremely close to him. It was a quick death. Happened within 2 weeks of us knowing he was sick. It has hurt me mentally a lot. That next year my mother passed away. We had started to repair our relationship so that was pretty devastating as well. Recently within the first month of my probation for my dab pen, I got charged for domestic violence because apparently me and my sister got into a fight. That means I had violated my probation so I’m probably going to go to prison soon. And worst of all my sister doesn’t give a rats ass about me. She has always disliked me because she and mom were close and when She got sent to jail she thought it was my fault when I had to go  info a hospital after she beat me. Now the only person left in my life that cares about me is my 81 yr old grandma who is on dialysis who is not in the best of health at all. I don’t understand why all this stuff had happened to me. I just wish I was dead to be honest but I don’t want to die while my grandma is still alive. After she dies I will have absolutely nobody that gives a shit about me or even cares to talk to me because I really don’t have many friends and am way to anti social to ever get a girlfriend. My grandma had me grown up in her church and I prayed all the time for my circumstances to change but of course they haven’t. I have come to the conclusion that all religion is fake and it’s just there to take your money and help you “feel better” about yourself. And if it is real, then he’ll can’t be any worse than what I’ve lived through. I’m just ready to die at this point but I’m not willing to kill myself while my grandma is alive. That would crumble her heart and I wouldn’t want to see that to the only person that’s alive that cares about me.