I'm in high school and I wish I had the courage to do it.I've never really been that trophy kid. Never won any awards or anything like that, wasn't the all star of my school's sports team. Well, I went to a baby shower this weekend, and all of my parent's friends were bragging about their children's accomplishments and achievements. My parents stayed completely silent. I know they didn't mean to, but that honestly hurt me so much.. And I have no one but my self to blame.


I recently started my geometry class, and I'm trying.. I really am.. I've got a B average in it, but it's quickly falling. I don't care about angles. I almost had a nervous breakdown while doing some homework yesterday. Why do I need to learn something that will never help me in life?


I keep hearing these terrible horror stories about people who graduate from college and are unable to find jobs, and that terrifies me.. I can't keep up with all of these high school assignments at once. It almost makes me cry to imagine what college students have to deal with. Am I just being stupid? If I even pass my geometry class, Algebra will likely be the end of me..
I've got goals, but they feel impossible to reach. I wouldn't call myself "Smart". I wouldn't really call myself a human being at all based on how useless I am.

 My parents keep talking about my future and their future, always mentioning "When you go to college..", and stuff like that, and it honestly terrifies me. I don't wanna let my parents down, but I already have, and it's a terrible, repulsive feeling. Again, I have no one to blame but myself.
I'll never obtain a scholarship because I'm just not smart or coordinated enough. I'm just terrified in general. There's about a 80% chance that I fail my geometry class, not to mention the F I already have in Spanish. I'll never be able to go to the college of my choice.


As far as my social life goes, I have terrible, terrible anxiety to the point where I constantly stutter. I just sit in corners and stay quiet. I wouldn't blame you if you already drew the conclusion that I have no friends, and in a way, you're correct. The only "Friend" I have is someone I've met online, she's practically my best friend, but I don't think I'm her's, even though she claims so.


I just.. Don't really know what to do. I've already made theory of how this is all going to end. I'm going to struggle to pass my geometry class, barely pass it, and then just.. Give up once algebra comes around the corner to greet me. Is that really life..? Struggling to overcome an issue, just to have another one placed in front of you? If so, I don't wanna be here anymore..


Some would argue that I'm being pessimistic, but in all honesty, I'm not. I'm just being realistic. I know what I'm capable and not capable of, and high school is honestly just picking me apart, piece by piece.. I'm already attempting to get over my insecurities, and I just.. Can't. High school will be the end of me, and quite frankly, that's pathetic. I don't deserve to live. The only thing that's kept me alive this long are video games.