The Time Has Finally Come.Been feeling this way for 10+ years now. The only hope I had left was keeping kayla in my life somehow &amp; hoping time would heal us &amp; allow for something to take place again. 

After last night, I know now that can never happen. It's not anything I wanted to happen &amp; it's not how I want to live my life. I now people will say how selfish I am &amp; how wrong it is to do this to the people who love you. I am sorry, but I really have wanted this for so long. It's best for everyone involved. I was a severe waste of both your time &amp; money. Just look back at everything. every time you said I was "an ungrateful little thing" you were exactly right, and I apologize for just realizing this now. Parents who came from very modest backgrounds, and all you guys wanted to do was give us kids the best life possible. You succeeded on your end, I had so much opportunity thanks to you guys &amp; I squandered it all away. I transferred schools to be with the girl I love, you didn't stop me &amp; tell me how big of an idiot I might have been to do that. You believed in me, and I want to sincerely thank you for that. The amount of hard work you put in to make sure we had a better upbringing then  yourselves is amazing. I am ashamed I didn't follow through on anything in my life when I was given ample opportunity to do so. I love you both very much, please forgive me for doing this

 
Not sure where yet, but going to buy a plane ticket to some place warm this weekend and find a nice tree to hang from. My neck will break &amp; it will be over before it even happens. 

mom, dad, kyle, kel, mary, chloe....I am so sorry for doing this to you. Please know that I love you very much. You have been nothing but loving, caring, and supporting. You wanted nothing but for me to be happy. I know you won't understand this at all, but I will be happy once I am gone! 

Please don't remember me like this or what people will say about me. I am severely troubled inside my head, you know this. I am sorry I never wanted to get any help. I didn't &amp; don't want it because this is really the only way I will ever be able to be happy again. 

Think about the Bruins games &amp; halftime pizza!
Think about Falmouth Road Race weekend
Marshfield, the cape, times when we were happy together
Think about little league me, about times when I was happy and smiling about everything. Please keep me in you mind like that. 

I also just want to apologize for not seeing things in a religious light the way you did. I do not believe in the God we grew up going to church and learning about. I know you said to turn to god and heaven and that type of stuff when I am upset. I know you said there is a plan or something like that. I believe that this is my plan, this is what I have to do. This is what I want to do. 

When your first thought in the morning is being angry that you're still here.. there's something wrong. I am surrounded by people but so very very alone in my mind. I am sorry, but I no longer want to be here. It's over

Kayla -- I'll have the journal(s) with me along with everything else. I know you don't believe a word I say now, but it's the closest thing I have to you. Thank you for letting me keep this. I love you. 





