I'm going to kill myself in four weeks.I'm writing this here because this is the only time I feel like I'll be able to express myself. Sure, I'll write letters, but it's different.

Several years ago I was arrested and subsequently kicked out of my graduate program. Suddenly, I'm in over $200,000 in debt plus interest, without a degree, and financially destroyed.

I've been that way ever since. I'm currently sitting without A/C, a job, and I'm hungry. The only time I get money is when my parents send me some (pathetic considering I'm nearing 30). For months I've applied for minimum wage jobs to no avail. They think I'm "overqualified." I've even unpacked my resume, and still, I get rejected.

Also, I'm about to graduate with a bachelor's degree in accounting, and I want to do my master's in computer science, but a part of me feels hopeless. I'll never have a good life. I'll never have enough money to pay off this debt. I'll never have sufficient funds to pay for a mortgage, especially with my terrible/horrible/depressing credit score.

I've gone several months without hot water when it was cold, several months without a heater, etc. Now, it's hot as hell and I'm dying with no A/C.

I just think about how corrupted the police were, how unwilling to listen to the state board was that kicked me out of my program, and how evil the world is, in general, considering what's going on with Covid-19 and with the whole police brutality situation.

I'm seriously fed up. I've exhausted just about every imaginable resource that I could fathom, and have spoken with several attorneys about my situation, and all of them have agreed that "what's done is done" and although my case has been dismissed, due to state policy and the fact that I was placed in a pre-trial deferred adjudication classification, my school situation is basically hopeless and irredeemable. I cannot transfer or use those credits elsewhere.

I'll leave behind my parents, my wife, and my child. To be honest, my wife is the one who I blame for this because she made up a lie that caused me to get arrested in the first place. I honestly don't even want to get into it, but I have resentment built up over it, but I've done my best to forgive her to the best of my abilities.

I'll miss all of them. I have a love for all of them. Throughout my short period of time on this earth, I believe I got to experience true love when my child was born. That, and perhaps from my parents and my wife. I'm not quite sure, but I know that my love for my son is great. Everybody else is great too, but something about my relationship with him makes me happy.

I just know everybody will be in a better situation when I'm gone. I'm financially unable to do anything, and will probably end up homeless in time. I'd rather go out on my own accord than have to succumb to the hell of the earth and be under the mercy of others extending their hands out to me. I've seen how people treat homeless people and I'm not about that life. I'd rather die with dignity.

I'm tired of being tired. I'm tired of one disappointment to the next. I'm tired of one set of bad circumstances to the next. I'm tired of just about everybody and everything, and I'm tired of the fact that I'll never truly be happy.

I just would like to apologize to God, because I know that God has done a lot for me and that I did not do as much as I could have to make God proud. It's easy to want to do good, but when you're busy with the craziness of life, it's hard to always think about being righteous, going to sermons, praying, etc. I wish I could have spent more time doing these sorts of religious activities.

Peace to the world. Love you all. &lt;3