How many times do I have to listen through the walls?Fun night last night. Invited a bunch of friends and coworkers over for a party. Cute coworker I've been great friends with forever comes over. Fast-forward to the end of the night, she goes in my roommates room and doesn't come out till the morning.

Our walls are thin. I don't get much sleep. My roommate has known how much I liked her forever. He can't look at me the next day.

Honestly I know he feels bad, I don't blame him or her. She texted me after saying it was out of character for her but fun. Good for them both.

But I haven't been with anyone in six years. He's with someone new every month.

And while this is the first time with this friend, who I've known for many years, it's not the first time this has happened. Half a dozen times over as many years. Different roommates, different women, all aware.

Everyone gets to have fun but me it seems. I live in Austin, Texas. There are no shortage of prospects, except for me.

I'm so tired, people. I'm so, so tired of this happening.

I never thought I was bad looking before. I can make anyone laugh, and often do. Robin Williams effect maybe, I don't know. At this point, I don't care.

Results. Results are all that matter, and I have none. Every time. Every single time. Involuntary celibacy. Involuntary bachelorhood.

I am starting to think I must be really, really ugly. Outside maybe. I've seen the ugliest of men do better than six years though.

Inside maybe. It's hard to believe everyone when they say you're so great, so nice, so *there* for them when you can't make it happen. Six years. I *know* there are plenty of people more ugly on the inside that do better than that.

I'm over thirty now. Not much to show for it.

I was so carefree last night. So not worried. I was doing everything people tell you to do to make it work and it was no effort to do so.

And then it all happened again.

I'm so tired of this.

What is my purpose if I can't have some of life's best experiences?

I'm almost ready to leave now. Please life, just push me a little more. Another nudge or two please.

I'm genuinely asking.

It would save me a lot of pain.