I just really really want to die, can’t do this anymoreIF I ever feel better, I’ll probably delete this post in order to not get triggered. But whilst I feel like this let me just write and vent. My boyfriend of 8 years cheated on me... he felt terrible, it was genuine remorse and we were working on things. Things were going so well. I have a fear the other woman may be pregnant as she is quite manipulative and evil (she knew I had mental health issues and was playing disgusting games with me on social media) she told him no, and the thought left my mind. Suddenly it came back again, but it was annoying my ex a. Because she’d already said no, b. She told him she was on the implant, could not get pregnant and they used a condom, so he asked her in order to put the anxiety to rest and carry on building up. Yes I believe him on all of these things, I’ve barely questioned it and I’ve questioned him on A LOT in this whole ordeal. 

This woman only turns around and says I am pregnant and it is yours and nobody else’s. She was cheating on her boyfriend, but claims she wasn’t sleeping with him and then he went away around time of conception (don’t want to specify where as it’s too identifying and I am paranoid). Everything feels weird and fishy but it could very well be denial and although my intuition has been spot on about everything else I won’t trust it here as I have no HOPE and feel as if it is broken now. 

 I am honestly more than heartbroken, I can’t breathe the same air as any of these people and I don’t understand why she kept it to herself. It’s making me so suicidal, that I’ve even researched and researched. I am really hoping for a miracle that it isn’t his to pull me out of this slumber, but I feel like such an idiot hoping for it. We honestly do love each other so much, me probably more and this is so devastating to me; I won’t get over it and it won’t get better. I just need the miracle because I won’t survive through this. My life honestly feels so pointless now, I’m lost, I miss him and can’t speak to him. The way it ended was weird because of the circumstances and the fact of lockdown so I haven’t seen him since March anyway. I don’t write this post to be told how people think he isn’t worth anything or anything like that. I write it because I am so on the edge and suicidal and have nobody to tell and I don’t know how I will carry on. I really want my miracle, if you get this far maybe hope for my miracle no matter how slim it may be. 

If I make it to the end of this year I’ll be so surprised 💔 life can be so fucked up and cruel and I can’t take it. I’ve never been this depressed in my whole life and I don’t think I’m going to make it