I was dumped and I seriously don't think I can survive this.I was just dumped by my girlfriend the other night, and I don't know what to do. "I can't really say I'm in love with you" is what she said. This just came out of nowhere and I feel like I can't breathe. Just a couple of days ago I thought we were still madly in love, now I'm heartbroken and I feel like I'm going to have a nervous breakdown.

I just wish I knew what went wrong. I wish she would tell me that I did something wrong, tell me that I fucked up, tell me I had abhorrent personality traits, at least then I could make some sense of it. But she just said that she changed, and no longer felt the way she used to. She likes me, and cares about me, but she's not in love with me anymore. How am I supposed to react to that? How can you say you love me on Sunday, then no longer be capable of loving me on Friday? She keeps insisting that I didn't do anything at all, that she wanted to feel it but couldn't; but how am I supposed to understand that? I'm just hurt and confused.

She stopped by my house the other night to return some things I left in her apartment, my shirt she had (and it still smells like her 😢 ); and what really stings is that she returned the presents I gave her for Valentines this year. I don't know what I'm gonna do. I spent all night crying, I feel empty, like my heart has been ripped out of my chest.

It's like I'm trapped in a nightmare I can't wake up from. Whenever I was with her all of my depression and anxiety just melted away. Despite all the bullshit I deal with on a daily basis, I always felt alright, because I knew that no matter what happened I had her beside me, and she made everything alright. I honestly don't know how I'm gonna make it through winter without her.

Our relationship was amazing, we've been through so many good times, and I was always there for her when she was going through rough times, and she was there for me. But when dumping me she was just so casual though, like we had only been on three dates. We were together for a year, and she didn't even seem to react. She said she doesn't see us having a future together; I saw us potentially getting married one day, I definitely saw a future with her. And she used to see one with me, I just don't know what changed.

I don't know how to deal with this. Without her I just feel dead inside. Just last week I was so happy, now I don't know how I'm gonna live without her. She was the best thing that ever happened to me, now I feel like my heart is shattered in a million pieces. She said she doesn't think she was the right girl for me, but we were perfect together. I don't think I could ever find anyone else as amazing as her.

The only one I feel like I can turn to at this moment is my best friend. They try to be sympathetic, but they're more of a tough love kind of person, they tell me to put my dating profile back online right away, right now; but I'm a crying mess right now, and I don't feel ready to try to date again; but they are making me go back to online dating and I don't really feel strong enough to object right now.

I've never felt this hurt and empty. I don't know how I'm supposed to make it through this.