I am feeling like it is getting harder and harder to stay afloat and in one pieceI am bipolar II (with strong tendencies towards rapid cycling and mixed episodes), and had moved out to Maryland from Wisconsin with my now-ex and our daughter in the fall of the year before last as I needed work in software development and I had been offered a position out here (after having found none for months since having been laid off earlier that year back in Wisconsin). I was off my meds at the time, due to having lost my health insurance earlier that year (due to getting too old to stay on my parents' insurance) and lacking the money to get my own private insurance (which likely would have denied me anyways). For a while there, things were going seemingly well for me mood-wise (too well, actually, as I probably was hypomanic much of the time), even though my relationship was deteriorating quickly (largely underlyingly due to reasons unconnected to the move, even though the move certainly did not help).

Anyways, in about mid-spring last year my now-ex decided that things were not working, after many a fight and far too much drama, and moved back to Wisconsin with our daughter, which I honestly was relieved about because I actually really wanted out of the relationship as it was clearly failing and was unlikely to be able to be salvaged but really did not know how to split up in the circumstances by myself. Hence I told her not long thereafter that she could stay in Wisconsin and that she could start looking elsewhere because it simply was not going to work. Since then, things with regard to handling our daughter and so on have actually worked out far better than one might expect, considering how things were before that point; I do not regret ending the relationship at that point, as much as I miss my daughter (but at least both me and my parents are able to see her and have her over essentially whenever we want, and in my case, as much as is within my means, and my ex even has me talk to her on the phone regularly).

Due to the nature of the relationship I had been, though, I came to not really know anyone out here personally at all, and retained few friends of my own at all, aside from a certain person who I shall just refer to as L. who I had been good friends with since middle school, who I went to school with through college, and who I made sure to stay in touch with over the years despite having lived in another city afterwards (as she stayed in Madison while I moved back to Milwaukee). Hence when things really came apart relationship-wise I largely reconnected with L. more than I had been for several years before that point, but was left with no one out here in Maryland at all.

Unfortunately, having been off my meds, and having not made the effort to get back on them (for fear of being denied by my insurance company with my employer), after splitting up I started cycling very, very hard for a few months, with successive crashes followed by switching slowly to hypomania combined with a daily up-and-down pattern while things slowly switched to a much lower overall mood and the cycling slowly died away. The crashes themselves were very, very intense, resulting in many a phone call to L., but on average things were largely tolerable; however, this was eventually replaced by a deep, suicidal depression that I hid the severity of from everyone, including L., due to having always done so in the past (when I had been frequently suicidal back in college), for fear of being committed or being treated as damaged or fragile. This eventually improved on its own, but not before having spent weeks in a state that could probably be summed up with "I sincerely, completely want to die but simply lack the energy, motivation, and, to a large extent, means to go through with anything that would certainly bring about death and not a mere, useless trip to the hospital".

A good while after that, I let L. know what had actually happened, and she eventually convinced me to go see a psychiatrist and get back on my meds, especially as while things for a while there had improved to merely being mildly depressed, not long after that point things turned into very severe rapid cycling, with almost daily crashes that over time slowly turned on the suicidal ideation again but which were so intense that they made acting on it completely impossible at the time. Since that point, despite on carbamazepine and steadily increasing the dose thereof, I have been shifting back and forth between all kinds of more unstable moods with only relatively short interludes of more "flat" mildly low moods, including more rapid cycling and mixed moods, with increasing overall levels of suicidal ideation, having at one point nearly made a suicide attempt (by drowning) during a particularly intense mixed mood, and having a strong tendency to lose the ability to perceive time at all (such that things at the very present seem very much permanent and unbearable) or having only the ability to perceive time as far as the next morning. Up until recently, L. had been very helpful with helping me stay afloat during all of this, but herself seemed to not quite understand the seriousness of the suicidal ideation and of things such as mixed moods which threatened to turn that into a potential suicide attempt.

However, though, now L. has started her new semester at grad school, is also working, is generally extremely busy, and seems to think that I will be okay in the end without her, even though many of the messages I had left on her phone letting her know how I had been doing each day were, to my ears after the fact, very, very alarming unto themselves. (She at times has thought that I was handling things okay when, from seeing my own state and behavior as an outside person would, I judged myself to actually be dangerously, acutely suicidal. I do tend to forgive her for this, as she has, for as long as I have known her, retreated completely into her school, work, and political activities for periods; her cutting herself off like this is, to me, not all too surprising in itself.) Conversely, much of the time she seemed to feel like she could do little or nothing to help me, when in reality she was very much helping me carry on with things when I would have found it difficult by myself even just by keeping me company, even though it was over the phone, when things were really bad. Also, I wonder if she has gotten sick of trying to keep me afloat, even though honestly she is probably the only person I trust to do so (with me even with my psychiatrist tending towards making things sound not as bad as they really are to avoid any potential trips to the hospital).

And yet, for me, this is the worst time to be left to handle things on my own, as things seem to have gotten more unstable overall despite the meds, and at the very present in am now in an intense, more flat depressive episode, coming off the tails of some intense rapid cycling, where I now am feeling like, even though I do not really much specific impulse to kill myself (unlike when I am in mixed moods), that it often seems impossibly hard to bring myself to just hold on another day, and that I feel like I truly do not want to be alive any longer and cannot see things ever becoming better (especially since that, even on meds in the past, my depressive episodes really never went away) but am only forcing myself to hold on for the sake of my few close relations (my parents, my daughter, and L. specifically), something I can do in more pure low moods (which, when more intense, effectively remove my ability to kill myself altogether) but could easily fail were I to develop a significant mixed mood at any point.

I do not know what to do at this point, though, because I really have not wanted to check myself into a hospital (or do anything that would result in that), as as long as I am alive I need to support my daughter (which could be a problem were I to run out of sick days) and because any associated medical costs (even after insurance) would make that difficult on my end; I likewise am frankly simply terrified with anything associated with psych wards after having read too much about them. Yet at the same time, I can barely hold on to bring myself to try doing things for another day at this point, seemingly all alone, and simply do not know what to do.