I am too far apart from others.The only people I have in my life are my family, but I don't live near them and when I visit, they don't really seem to care. I can't hold a proper conversation and I am unable to connect with people, due to my autism. On the surface, I look normal and there are probably people that would be envious of me, since I take good care of myself, am fit, and seem to turn heads. But as soon as women realize how I am, they no longer seem interested.

The closest thing I have to a friend is my roommate and I am quite certain we secretly hate each other. People tend to be uncomfortable around my silence, and I don't blame them. Just when I think I am doing well, I start paying a little attention to the people around me and just how little they care about me. No one wants to be my friend. Why would they? I am incredibly boring. Despite being in the military before and traveling the world, I still can't find anything to talk about. I might do well on first impressions, but that is only because I used up all my topics of conversation, and even that isn't common.

As far as romance goes, I like to think that I am someone girls would like to be with, since I am buff, and I think I am attractive. But when it comes to it, girls always turn me down, because I can't talk to them. My current crush showed so many signs that she liked me, to where I was 99% positive that she liked me. I finally gained the courage to ask her out on Facebook, and sure enough, she ignored me. Twice. The first time, she said she was working at the time, then ignored me when I tried to reschedule and she won't even add me on social media. I am starting to think that I am someone that girls will flirt with from afar to boost their own egos, but not someone that they would legitimately consider being with.

To add to this, I used to be really religious, and I learned about love through Disney movies. For the longest time, I would only look for a girl that wanted to wait til marriage for sex, didn't party, and I believed in soulmates. So I got irrationally attached to one girl, and it all fell apart when I learned that I could never be with her. I am no longer religious, but there is a part of me that still feels that way, so seeing as how every girl anymore seems to be a little into hookup culture (even if it is just to find the right guy), part of me thinks I am better off alone. But then part of me realizes that I am largely wrong about many of my beliefs, but I don't know how to let them go. But seeing as how I am so messed up (I have posted my thoughts online asking for advice, and people usually think I am a troll or are just like what the fuck is wrong with this guy), I don't think it would be fair to burden someone else with my insecurities and my lack of interest is socialization. I have two brothers that still live with my parents, and I tend to look down on them, because they need my parents to look after them and are basically giant children that can't hold a conversation. But then I realize that I am just like them, except that I am able to hold a job and go to college.

I am about to turn 30, and I am coming to the realization that I will always be alone. I haven't even had my first kiss. How fucking pathetic is that? I like to say I am a good person and that I want to help others, but I don't leave my comfort zone to do so. I like to say that girls would be lucky to have a guy like me, since I would be kind to them, but I am unable to show affection and would have them watching paint dry rather than hang out with me, since I don't tend to do anything except play video games. And if someone were to try to make conversation about the games I play, I would say that it is fun and that's about the fullest conversation I could have. And I like to say that I am smart, but with as often as I fail my courses, I am starting to think that just isn't true. I would have already dropped out of college if it weren't for the GI Bill covering my failures. And the whole point of being an engineer is that I wanted to make a difference in the world, but I won't be able to, and I know that. At least not the way I wanted to. So the one plausible thing I wanted to accomplish, and I won't even be able to accomplish that. And supposedly engineering has the most socially awkward people from high school, and I am still the biggest loser of the bunch.

I have lost all sense of purpose in my life (love, careers, friendship, maybe even family). Before, I wouldn't have considered suicide, since I thought that life would get better. That I would meet someone and settle down at the least, but I know now that I won't. Life just continues to get worse and I just get more detached from society. Why am I even trying anymore? I have already come up with the best method for suicide. I could start hanging around dark alleys in the bad part of town and wait for someone to try to rob me. I know I will fight back, so maybe I get a few bad guys off the street in the process, but eventually, someone will shoot me and it will seem like I just happened to be in the wrong spot at the wrong time.