Last daysI’ve been thinking about leaving this world a lot more lately than usual. I don’t have any type of future ahead of myself except for sadness and a lonely path that I don’t want to take anymore. A couple thing I’ve been thinking about are if I could do anything I wanted before I leave this world what would it be. A couple things I’ve thought of are going somewhere that I’ve always wanted to see/do or doing something really great for one person to give them a chance at a happier life but I’m open to ideas if anyone has any. I don’t know anyone who’s learned they will die and what choices they made in the end to do with themselves. The other thing I’ve been contemplating is when that last milia second arrives will there be pain and nothingness kind of like when they put you down for surgery or will you feel that intense surge of pain (gunshot is what I’m thinking)? Again I don’t know anyone who’s had a near death experience and lived to say what happened in that last split second. I know people might say I have my whole life ahead of me and things will change but the sad truth is it will never change for me. I’ve been pretty unhappy my whole life and took a lot of wrong turns and I did have a lot of good moments but nothing substantial. Where I’m at now is the lowest and worse it’s ever been for me. I can really see why my ex left me after so long together. I’m going nowhere but down and I have this persistent sadness I carry with me everyday of my life. I guess having her in my life gave me brief glimpses of happiness but now it’s literally depression, isolation and hopelessness 24/7 365. The only positive thing about this is a couple people will get life saving donations and in my mind that’s at least one good thing after I leave this all behind me. It’s really scary actually thinking about doing this but I know in the end this is what’s suppose to happen. I got my fortune read along time ago and she told me I would see 40 and I really didn’t believe her at the time but damn she was right on. Sorry for the rambling but any help with my questions is greatly appreciated. 
