Fail after fail, why continue?For 16 years of my life, I had tasted success and have enjoyed a good life. I used to get very good grades at school, being at the top 5% of my class. Then after 10th grade, everything started going downhill. I'm Indian and in this overpopulated country, there are always people waiting to take your place, honestly or otherwise.

I studied science till 12th grade, I passed my school leaving examination with 78% in aggregate. Then I sat for two engineering entrance exams and failed with abysmal results. Then I took a drop of one year and reassessed my choices, thinking about what I really wanted. I discovered my aptitude lay in fincance and marketing. I used to read about the business world in the papers daily, so I made up my mind and started preparing accordingly. For the last 4 months, I studied as hard as I possibly could, asking my friends not to disturb me, I gave up gaming, TV (I didn't watch much TV anyway), social media and everything in between. The syllabus for the entrance I was about to give was vague, so I asked a senior student of the college to guide me. I completed multiple books, doing well over 3000 sums in total of all types. Then today, I gave the exam and what did I see? They had changed the syllabus without prior notice. I was crestfallen. I could only manage to do 40%-50% of the sums.

EDIT: I sat for 3 exams this year. In two I did even worse than last year. That's okay since my main focus was the 3rd one. And as for the 3rd one, you just read it.

I cried for an hour straight for maybe the first time in 9-10 years. Now with an uncertainty looming in my life, I'm not sure of anything anymore. After giving up one year of my life, I achieved nothing and I don't know what to do anymore. Maybe I should just give up.

EDIT 2: The entrance I gave takes into consideration half of the 12th grade marks and half of the entrance. I don't see myself going anywhere where there is only 160 seats and around 1500 gave the exam. The ones having higher 12th scores are at an obvious advantage. We're not rich enough to afford a college in a foreign country. Our household earning is about 1000$ per month. Much of it is deducted by taxes. Foreign courses will leave us penniless and if not, in a debt I'd spend my whole life trying to repay.