At the end of my ropeI'll preface this with I know society doesn’t give a flying fuck and I’m not really one to give a boo-hoo crybaby story but I could really use some practical advice (besides jumping in front of a moving train, choking to death on Carbon Monoxide, etc) on what to do. I know despite the circumstances I "made my own bed" but I can't help but feel like something else is going on.
I'm 33, right now I have a part time job I've had for 3 years - was working full time (work from home tech support) and the part time gig for 2 years. 
The story sounds stupid after I tell it so many times, but a couple months ago my ex GF was pregnant with (very likely) my possible child. I had never been more excited in my life. She miscarried and had a nervous breakdown (She has BPD) and I tried to be a good friend to her and the hysterics from her caused me to have a mild one as well and I quit my job when someone was screaming at me on a call. 
I likely am depressed and I think a doctor once told me I have OCD (I’ve been hospitalized twice for detox from heavy drug use almost a decade ago) and up to this point had spent 7 years turning my life around.
I had about 5 grand saved at that point and figured I could easily find a job that was at least as good as that one before my lease ended, if not better (I was overqualified to begin with) yet here 3 months later I've had about a dozen interviews and no viable job offers.
I have a worthless Bachelors degree and I have about 5 years doing tech support experience, about a year of experience installing basic security systems (think magnetic sensors on doors, roam alerts, man down, setting up the server and base radio, etc) and can do all sorts of handyman work (light electrical, light plumbing, etc) 
Now I’ve got 25 days before my lease is up and after that I’ll be homeless. All I do is fill out job applications. Probably at least 3 of the longer ones (think company website, taking 30-60 minutes to fill out) and probably 20 or more per day with “quick apply” on job websites. I can’t get into the military any branch – I have a screw in my right foot. I’ve been to only about a dozen interviews and despite feeling like they went really well (for instance today I’m pretty sure the guy would have hired me on the spot but it was for one of the big oil and gas companies and they do a hair follicle test and I’ve not used pot in like 4 months but it goes back 6 months) and I’ve talked to every connection I have and gone to every staffing agency I have and I can’t help but feel I’ve either been blacklisted by recruiters, everyone hates me, or both. I get that, I’m not really a happy person. I’m petulant, determined, and hungry for success, even relative success, like a $40k salary job, but there’s NOTHING. Nothing left for me.
My survival instincts are failing me and I’m just tired of trying. Best plan I can come up with is sell everything I have, buy a gun, take a bus to the coast and steal a boat and shackle myself to weights and shoot myself while I’m hanging off the edge. Without a trace. 

