I'm sorry this is the second time I'm writing here today.I think I just got pushed over the edge. I'm 16. I've been depressed since I was in 3rd grade. It was kind of in the back of my mind until 4th grade when I got hospitalized for the first time. I met this guy in 8th grade. He was my first boyfriend. He constantly mentally abused me and guilt tripped me into doing things that I wasn't ready for. I've never told anyone this before. I remember one day he called me Over to his dorm. He said he was gonna kill him self because I wasn't answering him. I went over and he was waiting at the door for me. He had a pair of scissors and he started cutting his hands up in front of me. Over the next few months he'd keep telling me I was useless and that He didn't know why he was still with me. Then one day he convinced me to in away from school with him. And I did. The police found us next day. I was in the hospital for the next 4 days because of hypothermia. That summer was the worst because I knew everything was my fault. It's been just over a year and a half since all of that. At the beginning of 9th grade I met a person. This person made me so happy. They helped me through everything. They loved me and I loved them. We were together for 6 months. Then last month they decided it of no where they didn't want me anymore. I told my friends about it and I kept saying I wanted to kill my self cause everytime I've kept everything inside I've ended up going through with plans. I'm just too stupid and they never work. I just end up in the emergency room (after the last attempt I have permanent liver damage). I'm putting my friends through too much. They spend too much time worrying about me. But I want to tell them what's happening with me and how I feel but if I do then they'll worry more. And if I'm gone then they won't worry at all cause they won't have to. I guess I'm writing here because I can't go to the people I actually want to talk to about myself. I'm just hoping someone reads this and might be able to help a little. Cause I don't wanna die. But at the same time I do more than anything else. And it's not like the feeling goes away. I'm afraid to die. But I want to die. I lost the most important person in my life last month. They'd stuck with me trough everything up until august. They stuck with me when I was was in the hospital after overdosing. They waited for me afterwards but now they're gone. They were the only person I felt comfortable going to whenever I was about to kill myself. I guess I just want someone to talk me out of it. Last time I tried to kill myself it was because nobody talked me out of it. It was because I didn't go to anyone about it. But now I have no one to go to. I just want to be happy again. What makes all of this shit worse is that I remember what it was like to be happy everyday and enjoy living. Being able to get out of bed. And now I'm sitting here everyday being yelled at by my parents. They keep saying "what the fucks wrong with you why won't you get up. Is t that depression shit again? Just suck it up. Everyone gets sad but we all just suck it up. Go to school" I can't go to school anymore. I just sit in the bathroom and try to cry silently so no one notices. Please someone respond. I want help. I know I'm going to do something tonight if I don't talk to someone.

This post kinda elaborates on one of the issues I've been dealing with from my earlier post 