My very cheesy suicide note lolDear reader,


I would like to start off with my childhood. It really was bliss. Obvious bliss. But still lovely bliss. My parents did fight a lot but their wonderful people. The spoiled me rotten. I love them. 


Mom, you didn’t fail me. Trust me. I know me being dead might make you think that but it’s really fine. I have my own reasons I will state later.


Dad, I know you did your best and I am very sorry for being a bitch all the time towards you. Seriously uncool of me. 


Back to my childhood, the way I remember it is i was bullied by the  other children but didn’t realize it. I knew it hurt my feelings but I never knew people could hurt other people like that. I honestly have lived to forget most things but I won’t forget I was hurt most of my childhood by the other kids. 


My beginning of my teen years where almost the same. Except I understood I was being bullied. It sucked.


As I said I live to forget. I only remember the reasons I decided to commit suicide.


(Ex boyfriends name), you started it all. I love you. I dedicated my heart and soul to you. You left me blind sighted. You never told me I was worthless but actions speak more then words. Slowly ignoring me more and more after 2 months of us dating. I wanted to kill my self because I felt I did something wrong. I’m sorry I broke up with you. I love you. You are my only boyfriend I’ve ever had and I thank you for that experience.


I guess I know I would state other reasons but honestly I really don’t want to. Maybe I can make it a puzzle for you police people trying to figure out why I decided to do this.


My friends, I know I am the “kinda annoying but a little funny” friend. I needed to be funny and fun to cover it all up. 


My few death requests are:
1. Please play “Never gonna give you up” by Rick Astley at the my funeral.
2. Please (ex boyfriends name) come to my funeral. You can leave right after and forget I ever existed. If you do kindly come to my funeral please wear the pink pewdiepie sweatshirt I had stole from you for months. Thank you. I just want to remind you I still love you even in death. 
3.  Respect these requests.


Thank you. I love everyone who I cared about. 


Lots of love even in death,
(My name)