It's fucked up.The following story about my life is quite tragic. If you don't want to be bummed out, please leave.

I don't know why I'm writing this, but I do know that I am seriously and wholeheartedly thinking about ending my life. I'm in my mid twenties.

I was born with ambiguous genitalia. I don't know much details about my early history, but I know that my mum has been going in and out of mental asylums throughout her years. Relatives have been telling me that her first big episode was because she got dumped by a boy, but I'm suspecting that it started with my condition, since I can recall a time when I lived with my grandparents as a young boy.

The biggest and most heart wrenching realisation that I've had was yesterday at about 4 am. During my childhood, I have been shown baby pictures of who my mum said was me, but I always noticed something odd with them. It's two pictures that stand out the most, one of an infant being baptised and held by my mum when she was very young (looking younger than her age when I was born). The other of a naked 2-3 something year old boy, with much lighter complexion than mine.

My mental state today is very stable despite the condition. I've had several instances of bullying and other traumatic episodes, but nothing too serious I think. I've always managed to rationalise away any episodes that I've had.

My siblings are the best thing in my life and it breaks my heart to think that their older brother would off himself. I absolutely love what I'm studying right now, but of course planing on quitting soon.

I just don't know what to do. I have an appointment with a team of specialists soon to figure out my problem, but why even bother?

My biggest question to anyone reading this is; is it selfish of me for not wanting to live any more? Is it selfish to let my loved ones suffer instead of myself for the rest of my life?

EDIT: Was kind of surprised to notice that I described myself as a "boy". I took such a thing for granted up until now.