A deeply concerned boyfriend.hiya all. I've been in a longish (&gt;1 yr) relationship with my girlfriend, who has been depressed for much, much longer, as well as having social anxiety.

When I met her, she was just into self harm, crying herself to sleep, and feeling miserable, but still progressing through life (we both met at university).. She had been feeling isolated and lonely, as well as insignificant and not worth a damn. She had never attempted suicide, but had thought about it before meeting me.

The past year has been ups and downs. I've convinced her to see a doctor about the issues, now sees a councilor every 2 weeks (was weekly), is taking anti depressants, also has a good relationship with the psychiatrist and her GP, along with far fewer self harm incidents and having (and holding down so far) a job.. She has also had a foray with alcoholism, still sometimes self harms, has attempted suicide, and still has almost no friends other than me and 2 of our flatmates. 

the thing that I worry is, because she is inherently lonely, and relies on me as her sole support outside of the doctor clinic, There are times that I'm not home with her. We have different university timetables, I sometimes hang out with my friends, and we both live lives. When she's in a bad place, she's been getting progressively worse, from self harm to me going to the hospital after a failed attempt at ending her life (overdose).. And it still continues. She's told me about how the pills failed so she's thought of other ways to do it, and when she's really upset (on the verge of trying something), she's been getting better at hiding it from me.

Along with this, it's very taxing on me. I feel like if I even suggest hanging out with friends, she gets upset, and sometimes even thinks i'm breaking up with her. If I invite her along to any social event, she will decline, and will sometimes get upset, for various reasons; I know she doesn't have the same hobbies as me; There will be too many people that she doesn't know; I'm better at making friends and she then feels worthless or invalidated. etc. 

Some times I don't even know what to do. When she's upset, I can just sit on the sidelines, try to get a grasp of what's happening, fail, probably say something stupid that makes it worse, or not say anything at all (which makes it worse).. and all the time I'm thinking that one day i'll get home from class, and have to call the ambulance, with it being too late.. While some other times I'm almost ready to hand in the towel, and try to get my independence back, which I sometimes feel has been taken away from me.. which of course doesn't help when she's crying on my shoulder.. 

basically, i'm at my wits end of what to do, and would like some support to how to stay in there.. I think. 