I guarantee I'm not shadowbanned just nobody wants to talkAnxiety. So. Much. Anxiety!!

Also I hate that I have to work in basically 98°F weather. (36.6°C according to Alexa.) No fan but most everyone else gets one. Boss is a fucking cunt who talks shit about me. I just wish I didn't exist honestly. All I do is burden and annoy people. Try to be nice to people cause I know where they're coming from but it's more of a do as I say not as I do relationship. Idk.

Said I wanted to die the other night. Don't remember if there were any comments but that usually means not. I sort by new and even when I don't know what to fucking say I comment but whatever. I wish I was dead. I wish I could tell someone I want to die but all my fiance does is says WHATS WROOOONG WHY CSNT I FIXXXX ITTTT even though he has fucking depression himself. Undiagnosed, but for sure. I mean mines diagnosed and he's basically the same symptoms. Maybe it's true that he thinks about it daily like he says. (suicide.) But it's terrible when that's all that consumes your thoughts.

Had some nice sex last night. Made me feel close and connected and not guilty like lately. Lately when I feel close to him I want to break down and cry since I hate myself so fucking much and all he wants to do is love and fix me. But oh fucking well. He can tell when I'm depressed but I'm never going to jump up and say HEY I WANNA KILL MYSELF WOOOO! WISH I COULD FUCKING SELF HARM!!! No. Instead I take a bath or go in the pool and think about how I wish I fucking drowned. But I don't. That's noisy anyways. 

Can't tell anyone at work. They'd think I'm weak or just weird. I'm not a bitch and I certainly don't have a reputation of being a hardass but for fucks sake I don't want to tell anyone. Even my closest friend. (She's like a mom to me.) Oh and before you mention parents, mine disowned me. So fuck off. My siblings are low functioning autistic that can't even form a sentence. 

The thing is I want to be alone. All I want to do is isolate myself and think nasty thoughts. I hate myself and everything I do, I feel it annoys others also. (I know he'll say it doesn't but ok.) I feel so anxious. I like the silence. I want the pain. I don't care anymore.