I can't handle taking care of my suicidal friend anymore.Hello,

Recently I've been going through some tough times. I'm going to school and it's my last year before I graduate. Lately I've been really depressed and anti social. Refusing to talk to most people because I get anxious and I start to cry. I can handle going got class, but I haven't gone out to eat with friends in over two months. I also hate sleeping anywhere other than my room. And it take a lot of effort on my behave to even go out to eat McDonald's if I don't absolutely need to. So I wouldn't say I have the healthiest mental state right now.

Now my friend is also going through depression. She was hurt by someone and that caused her to think that people don't care about her and that no one is there for her. Even though it's not true. She has plenty of friends, but she refuses to accept them as "true" friends. I've been helping her deal with these issues for over 2 and a half years.

Before I got in my rough times, she would go out drinking and partying, but then in the middle of the night she would either call me or show up at my place drunk. This isn't wasn't a once in a month thing, she would do this Like twice a month, but I might be over exaggerating, I can't remember for sure. Sometimes things would get really bad and she would threaten to kill herself, saying she didn't want to live. And one several occasions I had to spend the entire night with her taking away razors from her or broken glass and pills. When I take things away she would hit me, punch me, slap me, and one time even attempted to cut me (I think this was accidental). I've also called 9-11 on her, because she told me she took pills and I didn't know what else to do. either way all of these events have caused me to start resenting her. She's a dear friend to me and I've tried to help, but it's just too much for one person. I can't handle this anymore, but I want to help.

Before I got my depression I could handle it, maybe. I was at my limit. Now that I have my own problems I'm still trying to take care of her, but I desperately need my alone time. I only go out to eat with her when she asks, I go and stay at her place to watch movies, even though internally I'm terrified and uncomfortable to sleep anywhere outside of my room. I'm usually sad, when I spend time with her. But I make an effort to try to take care of her. Lately I've spent 7 nights over at her place and only about 5 nights alone. In the span of two weeks

She's in a constant spiral of negativity. She says she hates her friends, but doesn't do anything to make new friends or distance herself from them. she says there are a lot of problems, but does nothing to fix them and just puts the blame on others. 

Lately I cry any time she gets upset at me and she says that what I'm doing now isn't enough for her. She says I don't try enough, but I do. It's just really really hard for me to socialize with other people right now, because of what I went through. I really only talk to her at this point. She also says she wants to be more than good friends, which I do not want. I want to be alone and I don't want to be in a relationship, I also don't think I can mentally handle taking care of her anymore. 

Also when I get really depressed I try to stay away from people and just keep to myself because I don't want to cause people trouble. She's repeatedly told me that she can't handle taking care of me, and that it's exhausting for her. Even though I never call her in the middle of the night crying and asking for help. And I'm also only been like this for 2 months ish. While I've taken care of her for much longer and never complained. I think she says she can't handle taking care of me because when I get depressed I refuse to spend time with her.

I want to run away. I want to lock myself in my room. What can I do? I don't want to just leave her, because if I do I'm sure she will feel alone and kill herself, but I also can't handle it anymore. I'm getting to the point were I cry every time she tells me she's going out to drink, because I hate how she gets when she drinks. I also don't want to be in a relationship. How can I tell her that without her feeling unwanted and suicidal? 

Tl;dr: I can't handle taking care of my self destructive friend, anymore. Need advice on how to help her. She also wants to be in a relationship with me, which I do not want, but I don't know how to say no without her being suicidal.

Thank you for the help.