Im scared I'll actually do itI had an extremely rough breakup off/on for a few months, and I did some horrible things that I can't help but feel extremely remorseful about, I never would've thought I'd be that person, but now I don't think I deserve to live after how much I hurt my ex. I (20f) broke up with my ex (20m) a few months ago after getting too tired of him never putting near as much effort in the relationship as me in some aspects, he had depression and I knew it and told him to so many times but he wouldn't seek help, so I felt like I had to end it for both of our sake. Don't know how fair that was when he's been helping me deal with my mental illness (bad anxiety/panic disorder, self harm) he even helped me when I had been suicidal before. It's no wonder why he got tired of taking care of me, I never meant for it to get that bad or for him to feel like he had to take care of me. I loved him and still do and he thinks that I didn't and just wanted someone to take care of me, I didn't realize that until it went too far I guess. After we broke up I feel like I just turned into a completely different person, I haven't been me since last year he says I'm not who he fell in love with anymore, and I feel like that has to do with my mental illness a bit, our relationship was great until I stopped taking antidepressants and started getting worse. When we were together before the break up he would never spend time with me/want to do anything and his best friend always did instead. When we broke up I ended up not thinking and sleeping with his best friend, I told him and I just can't believe that Id be the kind of person to ever do that to someone. He was crushed, after some time we both wanted to try again, and for some reason I kept going back to his ex-friend repeatedly even though I said I'd never again. I'm done with that because I'm sure if i continued with that kind of shit id definitely hate myself enough to want to carry some plan out. My ex hates me now, and I'm the horrible lying piece of shit scum that broke his heart repeatedly and I can't even tell why I did any of that. I'm trying to get better because I don't even recognize myself anymore I hate myself so fucking much I want to just die so I can get what I deserve. It kills me knowing I fucked up so bad and can never fix it and i hurt him so bad permanently, and I can never take it back. Everyone knows how horrible of a person I am, but no one can hate me as much as I do right now. I'm so scared because I really want to die, I think about it all the time from when I wake up to when I go to sleep. I already have a date, I can't ruin my family's Christmas so I have till the 27th, but I don't want to live to the new year. I'm already such a bad person and in so much pain knowing I will never get to love him like I used to and it's all my fault. I can't do any of this anymore, I'm better off dead thdn no one will have to be hurt like my ex is because of me. I know if I went through with it it'd destroy my family and few friends and I really love them so much, but it hurts way too much and I can't live in my head anymore I need help i dont know what to do.