I don't want to die, I just want my bad thoughts to stop.I've had thoughts about suicide for 12 years. Almost 13, this coming September. I remember the first time I thought about ending my life and how I was going to do it. I pictured my classmates trying to stop me. The more I live, I feel that suicide isn't like it is in the movies. People won't be there to stop me. The people I love won't be there because they're off with someone else. Another friend, someone who they see as someone more important. 

I wish I was just being dramatic while saying this, but I'm not. People do care but I'm a secondary character in their lives. I'm not the person they want to go to when things go wrong. The only time they talk to me first is when they need something and if I don't do it, I'm no longer important. I'm no longer nothing. 

I stay in my room for hours on end, by myself, alone and not a text or a call or anything will appear. I try to put myself out there and make friends. They're nice to me but they don't care if I'm not around. For 12 years I have been thinking about suicide on and off. Pushing it away and hoping that if I could just pull through that things would get better but they haven't. 

I don't know what to do anymore. Giving up seems less painful. It seems like the right thing to do. At this rate, I feel like there's nothing left to live for. I'm 27 years old. Soon to be 28 and I've done literally nothing with my life. I tell people that I have a job so that I don't seem like such a loser. I tell people that I live with "room mates" so that I don't get judged. Thing is, I do nothing. I can't do anything. 

People won't hire me because I'm an overweight person with Schizoaffective Disorder and Cerebral Palsy. No one wants that. I've tried to lose weight but my disorder makes me want to sleep all the time. To drown myself in video games and televison so that I don't have to face my issues. There's nothing that I can do to stop the voices and stop seeing things. Absolutely nothing and it's just going to keep happening over and over and over again until my mind snaps and I don't know how long I can hold myself together. 

I have tried therapy, medication, placing myself in wards, talking to friends, doing my research and nothing is better. Absolutely nothing. In fact, some parts of my life have gotten worse. But I gotta keep smiling and telling everyone how happy and okay I am so that I don't bother them. So that they don't have to hear the things that happen in my head on a daily basis. 