Being dismissed.I've been struggling with suicidal thoughts on and off for over two years, following a traumatic event/assault/misunderstanding. It is a fairly constant thing, but does get worse during times of stress or emotional hardship. It tends to be during these times that I attempt to let people know.

The problem with this is that I now have a 'boyfriend'-type who thinks that it is an act. He is under the impression, despite my explaining otherwise, that I am only 'suicidal' when I need attention or want an argument to go my way. The avenues of support that I have are limited, largely because I feel embarrassed that other people agree with him or could see things this way. There is also a constant threat of him going straight to my family with anything I tell him, so I'm also wary for that reason. It has happened before and I was forced to lie to them to smooth things over - I don't want to upset anyone. 

I completely understand why he would feel that I am making it up - I have told a lot of lies to keep myself safe (unnecessarily) - so I don't blame him in the slightest.

The main concern I have - and the purpose of this post - is that this means that my 'triggers', as it were, are completely ignored or dismissed as attention seeking. Things or people that upset me end up being backed by my friends on principle, just so they don't feel as though they are giving in to my attention seeking or letting me get my own way. I've been told time and time again that I am difficult to like or love and that I need to change .

My self-harm has reached breaking point. I am so covered in scars that I have begun ripping hair and nails out instead, I'm abusing painkillers, and there's nothing I can do because I can't ask for help without feeling as though I am being laughed at. 

To try and get on top of things, I accepted a job I didn't want so that I would have limited time to hurt myself, I've been meeting lots of new people to distract me and I've been saying yes to every social opportunity on offer, just to keep me away from myself. 

But it isn't helping. I just don't know how to get that across to people. With a relatively clear head, I can't imagine ever going through with it, but there are days (sometimes whole weeks and months) when a fog descends and I find myself moments away from it.

Edit 1: Reading that back, there is a lot of me, me, me and I do COMPLETELY get why this is being misinterpreted as attention-seeking. I think that I may be approaching people improperly or asking for help in the wrong way.

Edit 2: I should have mentioned that this is sort of a re-post with added details/re-wording from a throwaway account that I have since lost access to. I'm hoping that posting again will help with ongoing issues/put me in touch with some of the people that were previously so wonderful.