Permanently enchained, reminded and feelings of guiltI keep reading stories of others who contemplate suicide and I can't help but feel that my case is an odd one and perhaps that my suicidal contemplation are valid.

I fear that I've changed people in my life (twin brother, first female friend) for the worse.
I fear that I should not never allow anyone close to me, to protect them against myself. Earlier today a young woman with a child joked a out her child to me. I made sure not to make eye contact with the child for I feared to scare him or influence his life.

Every time I meet someone, friend or live interest when someone of my family is around, I behave trying not to be found out as a fraud.
A person I've chatted with on Reddit made me realize that I've always been a caretaker throughout my life, for my brother especially but also my mother. It's not like they need me financially.

I feel like I can never leave them for longer than a week, because all might fall apart and I've got a responsibility towards them.
This makes me want to die even more, as I never felt free for a long time. Every time I did, I was scared people would find out that I've got a twin brother and thus, that my sense of uniqueness I portrayed is partially lied.
I don't even know if I love them. I feel that longer periods around them, influence me badly, draw me back to my childlike state when I was mostly looking after my twin brother.

I also strongly recognise traits of my dad in myself, who's never been loved by my mother. It feels genetic, it IS genetic, and so I must not let myself get carried away when a woman shows interest 

I know most of this is in my head, but I reason: if it will come back like it does now, why would you accept that? So it's better to kill myself. 
And when I think of suicide I feel such a jealousy to those people who had no one left. I sometimes wish all my family would die quickly around me. Then I could peacefully resort to suicide without feeling like I would negatively influence anyone's life.
I've even thought of a plan not to affect suicide cleaners or however you call that profession.