i want to kill myself again I am so sick of the constant cycle of wanting to die, recovering, finally feeling happy, and then my life going to shit again, which makes me want to die all over again. 

 I am sick of going to work and wanting to cry every time. Wanting to cry because no matter what I do it's not good enough for some people. Wanting to cry because my coworkers all gang up on me and call me names and make fun of the way I look.... but oh, they're joking so it's okay.

 I am sick of my family making "jokes" about me too. I AM SICK OF EVERYONE MAKING FUN OF ME FOR FUCKING EVERYTHING. I'm too sensitive, too emotional, have too much of an attitude, too tall, my hair is too long, my shoes are too dirty, all these stupid comments for what?  Yeah, maybe I'm emotional and sensitive because I've had a ton of family die in a short amount of time, I don't talk to one of my parents, the other parent makes fun of me all the time, my sister only talks to me when it benefits her, my brother doesnt talk to me at all, my friends use me as a therapist but wont talk to me about my problems, the anniversary of when I was sexually assaulted was the other day, no one hugs me or tells me they love me, I use drugs to try to numb my pain but they dont help, my friends ask me to drive them all around town and never give me gas money let alone realize how its running my car down, im broke, blah blah blah etc etc etc.

 I just want everyone to leave me alone. I don't make fun of other people for how they look, the way they act, etc. I see people for who they are and I accept them because they weren't put on this earth to fit my standards. If I don't like somebody, I won't talk to them. I don't make them cry or feel bad about themselves. 

 I mean if nobody likes me then clearly there is something wrong with me so I should just delete my pathetic existence from this earth and save everyone the trouble. My best isn't good enough, I'm not smart enough, not pretty enough, etc. I don't mean anything. So why be nothing and still be here when you can be nothing and be nowehere? That sounds a lot better than this. At work today I was just cleaning and thinking to myself: "maybe I'll just kill myself tonight." and maybe i will. I'm nothing and all I'll ever be is nothing. It's like keeping a pen around that ran out of ink. Why do you keep it if you know it doesn't work? It's useless. Just like me.... that's all I am... is a cheap pen that ran out of ink.