I could go at any moment.I feel so pathetic for feeling the way I do, given the circumstances. Sorry for the wall of text.

I'll start with my military history. I'm a Marine veteran with three deployments (no combat deployments). I hated my time in the service, mainly because I felt so out of place. I was trained as an infantryman, but just couldn't feel like I could handle the role.

On top of this I faced constant harassment for being a kissless virgin with no girlfriends in the past. This all culminated into poor performance. I wasn't in anywhere near the physical shape I should've been for such a dangerous role, but I couldn't bring myself to work out without succumbing to large amounts of anxiety and embarrassment because I was so weak. I basically left the military on a sour note, and can't seem to bring myself to any sort of redemption that would make me feel like a Marine in the civilian world, so currently I'm just some quiet recluse with almost no friends. Over my time in the military I've gained and lost so many friends back home, and have only really made 1 or 2 actual friends in the military.

Fast forward to now. I have completed my first semester at art school, something that I was looking forward to as I was nearing the end of my military service. However, I just feel like I'm at a terrible crossroads for my future, and how I want to continue. I earned pretty good grades, (5 A's and a C+), and I keep beating myself up over my lowest grade. Now I'm not sure if I want to play it safe and just go for courses I think I would do fine in, or experiment with art more and take some classes that might actually challenge me in different ways. I just don't want my grades to suffer, I suppose.

Anyway, here's where everything really started going wrong. I met a girl that I shared classes with. Surprise, it's relationship drama! It started when we had to partner up for a class, and after that we just started hitting everything off incredibly well. I felt like I couldn't just jump straight into dating, as I like to know others a bit before taking that plunge. Well, one October night I finally told her my feelings, to which she reciprocated. We started coming closer together, and I felt like we were an unstoppable duo.

Then Halloween happened. We went to a party that was hosted by some friends of my brother's girlfriend. She got a bit too carried away with the booze, and started causing drama. She asked to make out with multiple people there, and supposedly actually made out with another guy at the party. I thought that our relationship was in its infancy enough, plus knowing that mistakes happen (which she apologized, and I truly believed that she wasn't in it to harm me), I forgave her. After that, she finally revealed to me that she's having difficulty being in an actual relationship, as she had just gotten out of a long-term relationship shortly before school started. It was at that point that we took a break and sorta backed off from each other. We just resigned ourselves to just casual hangout sessions and just being cool with each other in school, reestablishing close friendship. I thought the feeling of being so close to her was gone.

It was the start of my semester break (mid-December), that I realized my feelings were changing. I was scared that I wouldn't feel the same way toward her again, because I knew that we had such a great connection that I think it would've done more harm than good to just cut her out of my life than maintain friendship at the least. But no, as time went on and we still stayed in contact, I felt that I was ready to give it another go. I finally spoke to her and told her that I let Halloween go in the past, and was ready to date again, and she agreed. So yeah, we started dating again. This time we were taking things further, so much as staying the night at each other's places. I sorta figured that knowing each other so well and really being "dating" on and off again for those 3-4 months made it seem sensible to move on to the next step. We even would watch movies and cuddle up and make out, and it felt fantastic.

Except, she broke the news again that she truly didn't feel ready to be in a relationship. I thought that where we were was a relationship, but I should've known because she never referred to me as "boyfriend" amid her friends. The worst of this happened when I spent the night at her place, after a fun night of drinking and tacos. We were getting pretty hot and heavy, until she sorta stopped and interjected with the same business as before. This time I guess we were able to fully talk it through, to which I really got scared by her words. I didn't want to lose her, and I didn't want to cut her out of my life.

I got so scared, that I broke down and cried in front of her. I told her the darkest truths that I've been hiding--that I have been very depressed. I felt guilty for now dumping this on top of everything, but I felt I had nobody else to go to. I feel that now that we're taking a step back again this time, that I'm scared of losing her, even as a friend.

I'm scared of never being able to be dating again, and I'm afraid that I won't ever have this level of connection in another person, especially a girlfriend again. Sounds pretty sad right?

I'm a gun owner though, and I feel like at any moment I can really just end it all. I'm tired of feeling this way, and I know there's nothing I can do to stop me from feeling this way. Life's not like Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, where you can get your memories erased. If it was, I feel that I would go pretty far back in memory erasure.

I made the mistake of parlaying all of my time and emotions on her, because I truly thought that there was something that special between us. Now when I text her, I barely get any response. She doesn't want to see me until a party she's hosting, which I suppose is fair for space purposes, but all the other friends I had that gave me space ended up becoming distant friends or just not friends anymore. I was also holding onto something for her, a bottle of chocolate milk, because I told her how good it is (she really likes chocolate milk), and I walked to the store 10 minutes before close one night to get it for her. After holding onto the surprise for so long I finally told her what it was (she seemed to express no interest in coming to get it), and she told me to just keep it. I threw it away.

And I bet I'm going to be told to just let her go, but I'm not ready yet. Maybe when I'm gone, sure. I can let everyone go. I'm looking at my brother (whom I live with) and I don't feel any emotional connection anymore either.

Sorry for the long post.