Let me start by saying no one wants my life. Not even me.I come from a bi-racial, low income family. My dad has PTSD from his upbringing and the Vietnam War, he acts bipolar at times, though I don’t know if he was diagnosed or not. My mum is from a third world country with a middle school education and her vocal cords were damaged growing up which makes her voice very raspy. People like to mock her for it, in addition to her broken English, all the time. It embarrasses her to talk in front of people she doesn’t know. I’ve got three older siblings. They grew up in the '70s and are at least a decade older than me. Whenever they ran into trouble, they had each other’s backs. There are a lot of days I wish I had that growing up. People used to throw stones at them for just existing. Whereas people slammed my head into doors or tied me to chairs, and forgot about me. The Catholic Church denied my brother and I baptisms because of my mother’s nationality, but our older sisters, identical twins, were baptized in the hospital. Premature births. 

I’m not sure how any of that really fits in, but it’s all part of me, it all defines a bit of me. It all helped shape who I am.

Since my older siblings were hazed by their peers, my dad felt it was best to seclude me when I was born. Most people didn’t know I existed until I started Pre-K. He did what he could to prepare me academically by teaching me to write the alphabet, my name, basic mathematics, and directions in case I ever got lost. I knew things other Pre-K students didn’t have to know, they could simply be innocent kids. I could read basic words and sound out the bigger ones. My first day of school was scary because previously the few times I interacted with other kids, they mocked the shape of my eyes, saying I looked weird and then torture would set in. Occasionally, my parents had to let someone babysit me and every time something bad happened. I don’t remember much anymore, but the worst one that stands out is being tied to a chair by the kids while adults just laughed. Someone shoved a sock in my mouth because I was crying. It was the last time I was babysat by a neighbor. So my first day of school was traumatic, being surrounded by all these unfamiliar faces of children I didn’t know. Later on in the school year a kid would stab me in the back with a pencil for being different. The piece of lead is still a reminder: I am different.

A lot of my childhood was spent indoors. I was that girl-child you saw in movies that sat in the window reading a book. Books helped me escape. By the time I was nineteen I’d gone through plenty of emotional and physical abuse from outside and within my home. My physician at the time suggested I get a medical emancipation from my family and live on my own. She said the stress of my brief life was slowly killing me. I constantly had anxiety attacks. So I went ahead with it, my parents fought about it because my dad took my house key away. My mum made his world a living nightmare and eventually a month later I got my key back. Where I relocated was covered in fleas, limited shower access, and no heat. It was fine for a bit. I had night classes though. It caused problems with the woman I rented a room from. Keep in mind, I couldn’t pay much working as a grader at the University. She got it in her head I was sleeping around, instead of attending laboratory after my lecture classes and would lock me out at night. This eventually led to the introduction of someone who offered me a place to stay and, of course, we started dating after that. I put my things in storage, moved in with him at his request, and life was temporarily better. He didn’t believe in a college education though, kept encouraging me to drop out, and eventually his lack of support of my degree caused my grades to fall. 

I went from Dean’s List to academic suspension in one semester. 

My life got harder. 

I worked as a secretary briefly until I could pay back my scholarship and re-enroll for classes again. I got a loan to attend repeat classes and tried to bring up my grades. 

It was a huge struggle.

Short of it, I changed from Biology to English, got a new academic start, and we moved from a trailer to an apartment. I secured work at the student help desk and went on with life. We struggled a lot, having quite a few fights. He prioritized video games and living the wanderer’s life, blaming me for taking that all away from him, and I came to loathe being the escape goat. After one volatile fight, I was on my way to the post office with a box of his to mail off when a vehicle swerved into my lane. The driver ultimately cost me graduate school and a year of my memory. I went to physical therapy, but most of that time is a hazy fog. 

My partner made me relocate with him during that time to live in another city where he suddenly wanted to go back to school. I helped him get in. He ended up being a big fish in a small pond and during my time living in that city with his family I became their housemaid. Since I didn’t have a car, I was stuck in their remote home capable of just cleaning or preparing meals. I ended up back in my hometown thinking we would do long distance while he finished up school. I found out later he never actually cared for me. I was living with my abusive sister before I found out about his lies though. He used me to care for his grandparents up through hospice while he focused on what was important to him. And the woman he met while going back to school, they had classes together. The relationship with me was a ruse to get people to think he had a good personal and work life balance. He broke up with me over the phone and most of my things were still with him including the cat I adopted after he coerced me into aborting our child early in the relationship. I’d eventually get my belongings and cat back, even though she went to another family, which was best for her, but I would never get my peace of mind back again.

I was pretty naïve. 

I didn’t know there was help for pregnant women abandoned by their families and partners. He even made me pay for it. Months afterward, while depression set in and I considered killing myself for taking a life. Murder was a sin after all. So was suicide, but I was already going to hell, what was one more sin on top of that monstrosity? He told me if I hadn’t done it, he’d have found a way to make me miscarry because he never wanted to be a father to begin with.

I was horrified and trapped. 

Confusion set it.

Did I really know what was real anymore?

I adopted an abused kitten afterwards, spoiled her rotten and gave her the best of everything I could. She became my reason for living and I was able to carry on. It’s been thirteen years and I still regret the abortion. I often wonder what the child would have been like. So please don’t hate on me, I hate myself enough. 

I’ll always hate myself for that moment of weakness.

So there I was, back in my hometown, struggling to survive with toxic people everywhere ripping pieces of my confidence away the moment I managed to build any up. My sister tried to pimp me out. I avoided hanging out with her because of this. I didn’t want a relationship. I certainly didn’t want to be pranced around like a prize to her male friends. People like to remind you when you’re a mildly attractive woman that your youth only lasts for so long and you should use it to land a guy before you get too old. Especially if you don’t have strong work skills. I didn’t care about the aesthetics, I wanted to be independent and studious, I wanted to fix my life, and get back on track.

I worked full time at a seasonal job, then landed a temporary job at the college. Let me be clear, I barely had time to eat or sleep. People kept telling me to move on, find a guy, go on dates, and try to have some fun. A few guys showed interest and I accepted one suggesting we go to the movies. He stood me up. Found out later he was just on another date and forgot he asked me out. Another guy invited me to paintball but cancelled due to rains flooding the field. Eventually that same guy would get to know me, hear about the hell my life has been, and work with me at restoring my confidence. It took eight months, but I was happily in love with him after all this and working a full-time job by then at the college. Made a few friends. Things were better. My sister wasn’t happy I chose someone outside her control though, but I didn’t feel the need to own regret over that. 

I moved into my own place and lived there for a year before he ended up proposing and things just felt great. I was showered in attention from flowers, movie nights, and everything else you can imagine in a romantic relationship. I never had it before. 

This is called “Love Bombing”. 

Something I’ll realize in four years.

He proposed with my mother’s wedding ring, a ring I haven’t seen since childhood, it has a very dark history, but I’ve always loved it. The ring fit perfectly. It was magical. Yet, despite knowing I wanted family and friends around at the proposal, he picked his favorite place at a pond near his parents’ house just before he would have left town and just after a heavy rain muddied the park. There were mosquitoes everywhere. Ducks were the witnesses of my engagement. He convinced my favorite author to personalize notes to us in congratulations of our next step together. It was rather surreal. Not exactly what I wanted, but I was just so thrilled to see my mother’s ring and have him finally propose after we’d been talking about it for a while. And taken away by the effort put into contacting my favorite author. Everything was a wild roller-coaster of emotions. There were so many red flags I missed while wearing those rosy glasses.

The next few months were hectic. 

I didn’t have any girlfriends in the area to go dress shopping with me. My abusive sister threw a fit about not being included in the proposal plan and ruined my plans to have our families meet for dinner. It caused a wedge from the beginning, both within the relationship and with our families. Mostly inside my family though. My dad said he wouldn’t come to the wedding because I didn’t want to invite this sister that threatened to make me sleep in the grass whenever she felt like going on a power trip. My refusal to continually forgive her for these issues caused a huge rift. 

There were other issues caused by this proposal, such as my relocating to live with my fiancé before marriage. An act his parents hadn’t approved of, but let slide because they assumed marriage would happen shortly after. I didn’t know they weren’t consulted before I moved up. I didn’t know that’s why they were pushing us to marry to so quickly. As for a quick marriage, well, it didn’t happen. We had no budget, neither side was offering to help chip in for a ceremony they wanted us to have. He was constantly busy with work and flying out for travel nearly every week.

I had no vehicle, no job, nothing concrete after moving up. So many times, my parents warned me to have a job lined up before moving, but I told them it would be okay. He wasn’t like my ex. He was genuine and considerate. I could trust him. They were right and I was wrong, but I wouldn’t realize for three more years.

I’d been enticed to let go of my stressful job, horribly little apartment, and come live with him where he was so lonely all the time under the expectation of marriage and my getting to go back to school. I provided him my full expense spreadsheet, clarified many, many times that this is what he wanted. I presented many scenarios of things that may happen, asking for his genuine responses before I would move up. These questions were meant to open his eyes to what an adult relationship was. He knew everything of my past, we both had trust issues. Yet despite my opening to him, I would come to learn three years later he never truly loved me either. What he wanted was a mother figure to come home to, someone to help with the domestic side of things while he focused on his busy career, and maybe in his own way, he felt a type of love, but not the sort that leads to marriage. At least, not after I moved up. And again, I’m in the same situation as before, only this time the guy knew what to say and do to hurt me the most.

The summer revealed things I’d been naive to all over again. It can’t be said I was complacent about our relationship though. I asked frequently how he was doing, were there things we needed to talk about, and I even tried to get him to talk about things I had concerns with, but he wouldn’t reciprocate anything regardless how I tried to open the lines of communication. It didn’t matter how I tried to address him with concerns, it just wasn’t the way he wanted: soft spoken, passive voice, and demure presentation of problems. He didn’t like my vocal outbursts of emotion as anyone would respond when they felt ignored, isolated, rejected, lied to, betrayed, and let down. He’d talk to other women about his problems with me, but not directly to me. 

So once again, I was like a housemaid. Except by the summer of our forth year together, we were moving to a nicer city, he was getting promoted in a big way, and things were exceptionally hectic all around. I thought after the move, we could focus a bit more on helping me go back to school, with his promotion and all. 

Though I asked him to schedule time off to help me pack, he just claimed he was too busy with everything transitioning at work. Other things happened, but they’re inconsequential overall. Small little footnotes in the grand scheme of things. He had control over everything, always, even if he didn’t want to admit to it. The move took a huge toll on us because he didn’t want the help of friends in the area. So we moved ourselves and I prioritized his health, overtaxing myself and getting heat exhaustion as a result. I was sick for a few days. After the move is when I noticed him leaving the bed to talk to someone in the middle of the night. He claimed the new room was too hot. Bad air flow. That the couch was cooler, more comfortable. He was less attentive, spending more time at the office, talking to me less, and coming home later. We’d have dinner together before he’d pass out on the couch or occupy himself with work that “had to be finished before tomorrow”.

Welcome to the “Discard Phase”.

It’s when a narcissist finds a new “love supply” and works on making their previous supply feel worthless. My primary love language is physical affection. So when he stopped being affectionate, when he stopped checking in on me, when he stonewalled and started lying about things, it added a lot of emotional stress on a body already recovering from heat exhaustion. Turns out there was a reason I’d been so hungry all the time, so prone to emotional outbursts, gaining weight, and feeling so tired. While he was working on connecting to his new love supply, I was stressing out so much I stopped eating and lost something very precious as a result of everything going on. He wasn’t home to even notice. I ended up handling everything alone, like always. 

Every time I tried to reach out to him, it further pushed him away and towards his new love supply: a younger woman in his field, an intern at the office, a woman with religious connection to his faith which he claimed I prevented him from having during our relationship.

In the Discard Phase, the previous love supply is blamed for things they didn’t do. It’s done in a crafty way to make them doubt themselves and their perception of reality, to cause them to react dramatically so the narcissist can blame them for being “too emotional”. It’s only after the fall out I came to understand what covert and financial abuse are. So many more things happened in those few months of summer, when the heat was impossible to bear, but they caused lasting damage. I heard “you’re too old for me, you’re not active enough, you aren’t religious enough, I regret you moving up here, we’re too different,” and other personal nails in a coffin best left unsaid. At least publicly. It didn’t matter that in the beginning he showed an interest in all things I liked to do, refer to “Love Bombing”, and I shared an interest in things he liked to do. Somewhere along the way, he stopped the pretense and no longer liked anything I enjoyed.

I gave up three years of my life prioritizing someone else again, waiting for when it would be my turn in this team I thought of us as, failing to be better to myself, and now I’m punished for it again because I didn’t learn properly the first time. But what happens when you’re loved bombed and you’ve lived my life? You eventually learn the most important lesson of all. Fairy tales don’t exist. No one is going to save you. You either save yourself or you fail. He knew everything my ex told me to break me down and used it again to make me relive the nightmare, only a hundred times worse. Do I know if he realized what he was doing? No, I don’t. Not all narcissistic personalities know they’re toxic to others. They can genuinely believe they’re good and they carry no blame for the situation they find themselves in. They build this picture of you in their head, telling themselves they tried even if they didn’t, and that everything they’re doing is to protect themselves from you. They make you feel like a monster. They continue to control the narrative, refusing to admit any mistakes they made to contribute to the problem. To everyone else they appear well collected, picture perfect even, and they continue to only focus on how others outside the damage zone perceive them. Image is their greatest priority. 

My rosy glasses fell off the night I let his words affect my core existence and I tried to opt out of everything. I wholeheartedly wanted to absolve him of the sin he claimed I brought him by moving up here, by letting him give into physical temptations, and by preventing him from continuing on at church, where despite growing up around religion he claimed the foundation of his faith wasn’t developed enough yet when we met, and so everything he bore as a sin was my fault. It was my fault for everything. 

One night when he didn’t come home, as promised, I took a concoction of things. Guilt over everything he was leading me to buy into ate me up from inside. I had no one to talk to that wasn’t connected to him in some way. He said I took him away from his faith, got in the way of his path to God, interrupted his career, pushed his family away and now that they’re older he regrets not being closer and around more often, etc. He found me sometime that night, tried to wake me, read the note, and left me there to struggle on my own. I remember bits of it. But by morning, he was gone and I was questioning why I was still there. I haven’t mentioned much of God, because most people would say a devote follower of Christ wouldn’t make all these mistakes. 

But here I am. 

It’s my belief you meet people for a reason, they’re either a blessing or a lesson, and God gives you struggles to help develop your spiritual core. He gives you what He knows you can bear, letting you grow spiritually until you’re about to break, and then He saves you. He could save you from ever experiencing pain, but then how would you appreciate the better things in life? 

Sometimes though, God isn’t punishing you at all, He’s utilizing you as an instrument to test other people claiming they are His disciples. Through you, He can give the opportunity of growth to those who see you are in need, and they can chose to not judge, chose to show kindness and empathy, chose to show compassion, or they can chose to fail His test by being judgmental, by refusing to show kindness, and humility, and carry a grudge that hurts their own soul making it easier for the Devil to weigh in. I can accept my failings, accept where I’ve been wrong and done wrong. Those wrongdoings are between myself and God. 

And so here I am, trying to make it day by day, in a world where I mostly feel alone. In a place where having friends outside the connection back to him is extremely limited. Where everything I do is monitored, scrutinized, and controlled. Where I realize this time around, I don’t have a supportive family to fall back on. That bridge was burned when I moved up here. Where the skills I have are nothing compared to the rest of the job seekers in the area.

So now I either sink or swim, and even if I do keep swimming, do I have the strength to overcome the drowning waves hitting me with each stroke I take?

Note: I am seeing a therapist for now.