Rock Bottom...This may be long so I understand if you don't want to read it

I'm 25m. I am a rental manager for Toyota, I drive an Acura TL, and I have all the amenities I could ever want. I make good money and I love my job. I am one semester away from receiving my Associate's in Computer Information Systems. I live in a very nice place and have a lot of "acquaintances" Aside from my main job, I also am a club DJ on the side. I'm not going to mention where I DJ or which dealership I work for, for the sake of people coming on here that actually know me...all I will say is I live in North Central Massachusetts.

I've suffered from depression for as many years as I can count. I have come to the realization that the reason I have gone relationship to relationship looking for happiness, was because my parents divorced during the period where I was mentally conscious enough to know whats going but at the same time be very impressionable. Now, because of that I have found many great relationships and when everything is going perfect...I find a way to fuck it up. I go looking for trouble, I start arguments, I have cheated, and seen people behind their backs...I hated what I knew I was going to become in the second half of the relationship. Then when it's all said and done and I'm alone again, I sit and cry and regret.

I avoided relationships for this sole reason...then one day I met her. We fell in love after talking/dating for awhile. I knew she was the one and I planned to remember that for the rest of my life by asking her out on my birthday March 28...a choice I now regret. Her birthday is July 4, so when everyone is supposed to be celebrating, I'll be weeping. March 28, 2011 is when we marked the official start to our relationship. Things were great and I ended up back in my old ways, I cheated on her. She never forgave me, nor did I expect her too. As of September this year, she ended it with me. I cheated back in July 2011...which I regret every single day of my life.

I've gone through pain, I've lived in my car, dealed drugs to pay rent, slept on floors and in parking lots, I've been through much more than I want to tell anyone. I fell out with my family, thankfully I'm back in their lives now, but from 18-23 I was lost. I met her and it changed. I couldn't remember, in all honestly, when I was ever really happy before her. I'm not talking about, oh wake up stressed out about bills but still put on a smile happy. I am talking about, romantic novel notebook the movie unicorns and shitting rainbows type of happy. I couldn't believe it...

Now she's gone and all I have is memories of that "happiness" replaying over and over and over. My professional life has been ever decreasing. My work performance at Toyota is dwindling. I'm late for work everyday and I am simply not engaged at all when I am there. I have cut down my DJing to nonexistence. I was once doing 5 maybe 6 gigs a month and loving it...not I barely do 1, and when I do I hate it. I hate being up in my booth seeing all these couples on the floor having a good time. How do I show them a good time, when I myself am torn inside. I've been neglecting my car, I am falling behind on maintenance and even cleaning it. My grades have gone down the drain...I haven't passed in more than 2 assignments per class this semester. I was on the Dean's List with my 3.7 GPA last semester, now...I have no academic standing. My health is falling too, I am doing a lot of cocaine now and drinking nonstop...I have been drinking every single night since she left in September. I have a Discover, Amex, and 3 other MC/VS cards that I am running up to fuel my self-destruction...

I've hit rock bottom reddit. You are the first guys to hear this, my best friend doesn't know about it...at least my best guy friend. She became my real best friend after we started dating...every second with her was magic. I went from making fun of romantic comedies and chick flicks, to living in one and I couldn't believe how AMAZING it felt...I just found out tonight what I have been hoping never to find out. She's exclusively talking to a new guy...within a month. One of my good female friends, who's always tried looking out for me with her, broke the news to me tonight.

I have a lot of connections with a lot of underground people. I asked about picking up a gun and it's really not as much as I thought it would be. I have acted out so many times now how I would do it. I would leave her a short voicemail, brief and to the point. I would park my car in her driveway. Then I would blow my brains out. Now that this information has come to light, I am more inclined to follow through. I honestly am sick of waking up with hangovers. Waking up exhausted and groggy. Going to bed at night with tears and waking up to more tears. The only time I let myself go now and can come close to faking a smile is when I'm drunk. I want to do it in her driveway to let her know what she's driven me to.

I'm scared to do it. Will it hurt and how long will it take for the bullet to cease all my bodily functions. What's the afterlife like. 

I don't know what to do...