I don't want to wake up anymore.I've had depression since the 5th grade but I always figured it was situational. Even my therapist thought it was situational. I thought it would be done with once I moved away from my family and I got on my own. It's not gone away. I'm a freshman in college.

I was put into a mental hospital once in the summer after 9th grade for a suicide attempt. I hated it. From then on I don't want to tell anyone about my suicidal thoughts because I don't want to end up in a place like that again and have everyone walk on eggshells with me and think I'm crazy. 

I haven't made any definitive plans but every waking day all I can think about is how easy it would be to just go to sleep and never wake up again. It would just be so sweet. I would not have to deal with every day feeling like a hopeless waste of time. I would not have to deal with feeling like I'm not important to anyone. I constantly feel alienated from everyone, even from my boyfriend and friends. I feel so terribly guilty about it but I can't help but feel distant from everyone. I want so much to connect with people so that I won't feel lonely anymore. It is like I am watching my life through a glass window. Every minute I'm not doing work I feel like I should be working, and when I work I feel like I'm wasting my time. 

My boyfriend never cares to contact me when I'm not in his immediate area. I feel like the only reason he wants me around is so I can be his security blanket and his mom away from home. We live in the same building even and if I don't go downstairs to see him or explicitly ask him to come see me then I just won't see him at all, and it's not like he's doing anything important like work, since he spends all his free time playing Magic. He doesn't think about me when I'm not around. I wish he would do something to make me feel like I'm special to him. I always do nice gestures for him and I'm not asking for tit-for-tat, but every once in a blue moon it would be nice to know I'm special to him without having to ask him if I'm special to him. It doesn't need to be things you buy or monetary gifts. Just a nice note or something. I told him I don't want to chase after him and have to beg for his attention, and that I won't stand for it, and he said he'd change, but it's not happening. This always happens in my relationships. I'm tired of attracting people who never notice me and take me for granted.

My friends don't call me or text me or ever want to hang out. I call them to hang out all the time and they are always busy. But they're always hanging out with each other, so I think they're just lying to me. I never tell anyone about my negative thoughts, I always try to put on a happy face because I know negativity drives people off, so why don't people want to be around me? What is it about me that causes people to just not value me? Even my own mom never calls me unless she wants someone to dump her problems on, and when I call to talk about mine she says "don't call me if you don't have good news. I don't want to hear it." 