I can't go on like thisThere isn't a day that goes by that I am not in a significant amount of pain.  My spine, head, and well, everything hurts almost all of the time.  I have tried going to doctors but they just think I am looking for drugs and send me away.  I am tired of trying to get help only to be turned away and scorned without a single test or x-ray.

I can't hold a job because of the pain.  I can't concentrate, I throw up at least a few times a week.  I don't know what is wrong, but I can tell it is getting worse and it is scary.  I hate the sensation that my body is failing me, so I think I will cut the power early.  I know I can't do it in a way that would be obvious, but I do have plans. 

My family doesn't care.  I have asked them for help and reached out to them only to be told I am crazy or ignored.  I cannot be the glue that holds you all together anymore.  I sacrificed my childhood to do that and got nothing in return.  They never wanted to save me when my life was in danger at the hands of my mom's ex when I was a small child.  Why would they want to help me when my life is in danger from me?

They act like they want me around, but as soon as I am, they ignore me and go about their lives like they don't even care that I am there.  I have nothing left to keep me going.  They will say they didn't see this coming, but I know better.  I haven't been the same for a few years.  And worse yet, I know who to blame, but I won't.  He will never know how miserable, sad and defeated he made his only child feel because I am too nice.  I hope your opinions and oppression were worth it, because until you came back into my life, I was happy.  

I have been slowly withdrawing from everyone for the past year and a half to make this less painful for anyone that might accidentally care.  I know a lot of people will pretend they do, but their actions have spoken volumes for the opposite.  I am tired of being used and shit on by  everyone I know and putting on a happy face about it.  Then when I needed them, they were nowhere to be found.  

I won't make my family find my body.  If all goes as planned, they will hear about it as an accident and I may even make it look like I was just being stupid.  I just want this pain to stop.