My life is over.Hello there. I'm a male, at the young age of 16 and I am extremely depressed. My condition worsens day by day, and I'm slowly slipping from society. I've cut connections with friends, and I no longer hang out with any of my current friends. I usually keep to myself, through school and at home.

The reason why I've been so depressed lately is because of the way life is going. I'm getting closer to graduating high school, but I'm unsure what I want to do after that. My father, the main root of my depression, says I will be a complete failure if I do not make it to university. He says I will be less than dirt if I don't make it. My grades are meant to be over 80% to reach his standards. I'm really not that good of a student, and as long as I pass, I'm personally happy. I've been yelled at many times for getting under 80%. He's threatened to hurt me and destroy all my personal possessions if I don't reach 80% average.

My current grades are way lower than what is to be expected. I've lied about my marks, trying to keep the low score a secret. My father says every day that I should study because I don't get 100's in my classes. Every hour, every day. Every hour he reminds me of what could happen if I don't meet his expectations.

When I started to get depressed, I found escape in video games and music. When I played a video game, I could escape reality for a brief amount of time. My father constantly told me that they were a complete waste of time and that he would love to destroy my computer. One day, he became fed up with my gaming that he took my computer, which I spent thousands of dollars purchasing with money I saved, and broke it in my front of me. This made me even more depressed.

I'm not a strong man either;  I'm very sensitive. I've cried many times in front my parents, who say I'm a pussy and how they wish they could hit me. It's always the "Boys aren't supposed to cry" argument.

Everyday for the past couple of months he reminds me of how much of a waste everything I do is. My friends have been less than stellar when they help me out. I always get the "Toughen Up" responses. I've lost interest in most of the stuff I do now, and I just feel like everything I do gets me into trouble with my father. I can barely sleep at night, and I spend my days lying around and doing nothing.

Right now I just feeling like committing suicide, but I'm too scared of death. I'm worried about what will happen when I die, and what everyone else will think of me. I've never loved, I've never traveled, I've never experienced life but I don't feel as if I want to anymore. I'm afraid to talk about my family about depression, because they'll think I'm some spineless loser who can't deal with anything. 

Nothing means anything to me anymore. I've attempted suicide many times, but I'm just too worried about what happens after death. I'm no angel, and I've done some truly terrible things in my past, but right now I'm just so fed up with life. Please help me. I see no other option than suicide right now.