Do you think my mother would accept my death by suicide?I'm not sure if this is the right place to ask something like this. When I asked my mother about this she obviously said that she doesn't want me to die and that she would be sad if I did, but I don't think that she would be honest to me about this anyways. And judging from her behaviour, I think that she would be more or less okay with me killing myself. I guess I would kill myself even if she would be devastated because of it, but it would still be a relief to know that it wouldn't be all that bad for her.

When I was eightteen years old she found the equipment that I was going to use to kill myself in my room, and she said to me that because I'm an adult I can do whatever I want and that if I really want to do it, she can do nothing to stop me (technically not true, she could have me involuntarily admitted even as an adult), and that was all she said about it. I understood this as her basically allowing me to kill myself. When I asked her later about it, she said she was just stating facts and didn't mean anything by it. Maybe I'm misinterpreting things, I don't even know what she could have done that would have made me think that she really cares about me. If she meant nothing by it then why would she say it?

This was the most obvious one but there were other occasions where I felt like she accepts my "choice" to kill myself. Like one time I orderes scalpels online to cut myself and possibly kill myself, and when they arrived she opened the package and decided to give them to me even though she knew what they were for. 

What do you think? I know you guys can't tell for sure what my mother really thinks about this. I think that if asked her about this, she would lie and tell me she cares about me blah blah even if it weren't actually true. What could I do to make her be more honest with me? Maybe I could tell her that I would feel better if I knew that she could accept my death and that I'm going to kill myself no matter what she does anyways, but that would probably place too much of a burden on her. Idk.