I'm over 18, but have to stay with abusive parents until I finsih high school. What can I do? I can't deal with this anymore.I recently turned 18 and I'm in the second last year of school (high school lasts 13 years in Germany), so I will graduate next spring. Since school is pretty hard at the moment (I usually have school from 8 until 5 o'clock), I can't get a job without abandoning my education and I do have to study a lot. School is even harder since I have a very troubled family. My parents recently divorced, since my father was very abusive towards me and my sister. Yet the situation got even worse. My mother never gave a fuck about my dad punching and kicking me and my sister and is the most bitter person I know. She drags me down daily, telling me how fucking worthless I am. She is probably on the verge of turning schizophrenic, she literally walks around the house and screams how stupid and worthless I am and how I will fail in life... It's hard to find words to describe this, but I am breaking down completely. My sister is also really fucked up, she has borderline and is very cold and manipulative, like my mother. I develeoped an eating disorder in order to deal with the pain and when my family found out, they simply laughed in my face, instead of offering me help or being concerned. This situation is fucking my life up in so many ways, I probably devreloped a social anxiety as well, since I can't interact with people the way I want to. School is horrible, people probably think I don't like them since I can't make myself talk to anyone, I have no real friends and I almost dropped out of shcool last year. My life is an an absolute mess. I don't know what to do. I can't live with my father and my other relatives would never believe me, since my mother already sent me to a psychiatric ward and made them belive I am crazy a while ago. They are very, very narrow minded people...  Because my mother didn't work for a  long time and did a bad job during the divorce, my father gets to keep most of the money. We don't have a car, I don't even have a fucking bike anymore. My mum gives me shit when I ask for money for school books, food or clothes. I'm trying to pay as much by myself as I can, but my financial resources are very limited as you can imagine. I might be ale to rent a room somewhere for a few months, but not until I am finished with school... can anybode give me advice on what I could do? I'm so fucked up right now and I really don't want to wake up anymore tomorrow... 