My own life has been seeing great progress, but the world ending keeps making me miserable. It's time for me to end.After years of thinking my drawings sucked and I'll never be able to make a living off of them, I've got work at an indie game developer and am seeing commissions for drawings and animations.  After years of browsing Forever Alone, hitting 30 as a virgin, and not having a girlfriend for a decade, I've seen two girls physically attracted to me this year, have chatted for months with a fellow geek on a dating app, and have our first date tomorrow.  After thinking I can't support myself as an independent adult, I've got my own 1-room apartment and am working 2 jobs to successfully live for myself.

After decades of struggling and self-hatred, my life is finally getting better.  But guess what?  Ultimately, it doesn't matter.

My state of mind regarding humanity and life started to break when 9/11 happened in my first month of high school.  I had my eyes truly opened to how violent, hateful, unjust, and painful humanity really was both in the majority of civilization and seemingly at its core.  It took years of therapy to suppress these feelings (My core philosophy/belief of humanity and us all better off dead remained but I stopped dwelling on it), but after the Feguson riots and first rash of recorded racist cop killers hit, something in me snapped again and has consumed me daily from then on.

It doesn't stop.  It doesn't leave me.  If it's not racism it's some other form of suppression.  If it's not Trump it's some other public figure ruining everything forever.  If it's not global warming it's dystopian facism inevitably winning over us all.  I can't escape into media like I used to because they're all becoming increasingly topical.  Every day, either something in the world reminds me of things, or I remind myself when my mind wanders because it's instinctive at this point.  I cry, become numb and immobile, and can barely talk or function for hours at a time while pure despair, fear, sadness, and hopelessness overtake me.  Every day.

I can't sleep because of these.  I can't work as much as I want because of them.  I'm in therapy minimum twice every week and have seen a half-dozen different therapists in the past two years alone.  I've tried dozens of meds and been hospitalized both voluntarily and involuntarily five times.  Nothing works.

I have a large, loving group of family and friends, but they're unable to snap me out of it.  I can no longer value them or my own successes.  I've long hit that realization that myself and them and our lives and dreams are permanently irrelevant now.  The world is perpetually burning into either a miserable existence for almost all or the full-on extinction I so desire.  From now on, nothing we do has any value or importance.  I have nothing to strive for and nothing I can enjoy.

I'm going to let my family and friends enjoy one more Christmas season with me, but come January, I'm going to finally carry out one of my suicide plans I've mapped for years.  I thankfully live in an area where my main two ideas are super easy to pull off and no one can stop me if I don't say my goodbyes until right before I take action.  The letter is written, and I can cross post it to all my social media accounts before finding peace through ceasing to exist.  As an atheist, I believe my consciousness will disappear from all planes of existence, and as long as it means I can never suffer again, it's a sacrifice I don't just accept, but get excited for. Humanity still abides to survival of the fittest just like our original existence in nature.  For all my qualities, the world has made my ability to live non-existent.  It's better that I erase myself.