Going to therapy tomorrowBut it kind of feels pointless. It will be my third session with a therapist I really like, but I think it's too late. There's nothing I can do to make my life better. My life feels like it's in shambles. 

I've been depressed for years and never really done anything about it. Started feeling anxiety as well about a year ago, pushed away some good friends, including my best friend since the age of 12. Somehow my significant other sticks around, though I do try not to let on how bad it is because I'm afraid of losing him. 

I have no future or career. My prospects all dried up after I graduated in 2009, late as usual. My current job is temporary, scams people and is very stressful, and there's no room for improvement.

I found out a few weeks ago that I have high blood pressure. Very high, for someone my age. I found this out because I started having panic attacks last November, and my blood pressure has gone from 130/90 (high) to 160/100 (very high). I'm on medication, but I've also been keeping track through pharmacies and a coworker's blood pressure monitor, and it hasn't gone done much/at all. It's been between 130/80 and 160/100. Everything I've read seems to indicate that this means there's something seriously wrong with me, which I can believe. I get random bruises all over my body, and stomach cramps sometimes. I keep thinking it's cancer or that I'm going to have a stroke or a heart attack. I know it sounds crazy that thinking I'm going to die in the next year makes me more suicidal, but it scares me that I wouldn't be in control of it and there could be pain. 

I quit smoking a year ago, but I still weigh too much, exercise too little, and drink like I'm still in college. I've ruined my health. When my partner goes to bed, I stay up very late and drink until I don't feel like I'm going to have a panic attack at night and then get four or five hours of sleep until I have to be at my stressful job that I should be thankful I have. 

I've never been organized, and our apartment is a mess. I know it's my fault. 

Sometimes I'll feel fine for a few days and then this will happen. It's been worse since I found out I'm sick with whatever. I just get so upset and feel like it's all not worth it. 