WasteMost of the time, things just phase me because I remember that I will kill myself one day. Knowing that I will end it all brings me peace for a moment until I remember why. I feel useless on this planet and I know how that sounds. My family would call me ungrateful or tell me how worse everyone is from me. They would tell me God will work a way or that it will be better to live until passing on to heaven. It’s all bullshit and sometimes I feel stupid and smart knowing it’s all fake. I could be wrong and be sent to hell for not following an archaic religion with little to no logic. I believe I am right to not believe but who am I but a worthless being. I can’t even choose the right gender to love. If I only knew with certainty that this life means as little as I feel it does. I walk around with so much hatred for myself. Thinking of self-harm but I am to scared that I’ll cut an artery or somebody will notice my scars. I just want to feel physical pain to match what’s going inside my head. I wake up so depressed. I exercise and do things to make myself look somewhat attractive but I just remember in the back of my head how useless it all is. Sometimes it get’s so bad that I get really angry when I eat something unhealthy. Eating shitty foods is basically like a drug that taste like candy but burns your heart away. I feel so terrible after eating. My relationship with food is so terrible that I wish I didn’t have to eat. I wish I was born normal. I envy people who have someone to be with. I’ve been alone all my life. I’m over mental conversion therapy and I would feel so pathetic marrying a woman to keep up a lie. I know it sounds so stupid to hear but I just hate being gay. The thought of being with a man brings me sadness but I can’t stop this feeling. I guess that’s what pedophiles say. I would be too scared to go out and do stuff in the gay scene. I don’t want to catch anything STD’s or AIDS and that being my punishment for being gay. I feel like an joke even talking about this. I always regret speaking or engaging. I hate myself so much I feel I should be isolated from society.  I am a joke but no even notices me to laugh. That’s what so pitiful about it.