I feel shame just thinking about not being suicidalThere's no escape from this endless loop. I don't wanna feel like a special sad snowflake, yet my mind craves that kind of validation.

I see a glimpse of my future and I get overwhelmed by guilt and doubt, that I was never suicidal to begin with. It's as if I've done it all for attention.

There's no escape from this loop. Happiness and hope seem so bittersweet, yet for some reason I prefer something more bitter, such as pity and the need to feel in control, when I'm actually the one being controlled.

Choosing to be more suicidal won't make me any more different and interesting, compared to other people. Choosing death as a "secure" ending doesn't mean I'm in control, it just means I'm too weak to let go of that little pride I take in feeling more miserable than others.

There's no escape from this loop. I keep spinning and spinning, and I'm getting dizzy. Soon I'll drop dead and I'll finally stop going in circles.

Behind me I'll leave a trail of blood and pain for others to carry on their shoulders, since mine were too weak.

A wrinkly, slightly ripped bag full of sharp rocks, but not ripped enough to let them all fall off. A bag I'll put on the backs of those around me. Some of them will pretend it doesn't exist, until the day it breaks their spine and makes them unable to do anything else but stay still and drown in thoughts. 

Behind me I'll leave a sphere of angst. Perhaps its decided to not leave life with me, since it was a tad bit too powerful to just disappear. Perhaps it will stay behind to help out with karma. Perhaps it'll hurt the ones who have hurt me more than once and caused me trauma. 

But that's all just pretty, monochromatic, shiny, yet boring fantasies. Shiny from my perspective but too bland for other people's tastes. And of course that's completely understandable. If I was healthy I too would strive for greater shiny things, but since I'm not I'll just have to settle. 

A pretty, burgundy, tiny diamond put on display at the end of a tunnel with no end.