nearing my endhi everyone,

i've never used a subreddit like this before but i really don't have anywhere else to go. i don't have a reason to live anymore. i've dealt with depression &amp; anxiety my whole life because of some early childhood trauma. but since i got to high school i thought things would get better. turns out the attractive boyfriends end up being abusive, the parties get old, the friends stop texting or i just stop wanting to perform for them. i tried so hard to be the fun, ditzy, cute one everyone liked. and for a while it worked. not anymore. 

i haven't been going to school, though it's online. it's my senior year and my grades are average at best. now i can't even get myself to do anything. i had my dream school picked out and now it just feels so impossible. i know i'm destructing my chances of getting in but i can't stop. every doctor/therapist i've had thinks i have adhd too. i felt like my whole life had been leading up to this stage where i'll be a senior, accepted into a renowned school in a big city and immediately find love and success and friends. i can't even get out of bed, let alone my town.

it doesn't help my family fucking sucks. my younger sibling has a bunch of issues and gets all the attention. i don't even want my family's attention but i've been begging for help. i wanted to get hospitalized and my mom has barely made an effort to get me a therapist. my mom also has anger issues and yells at everyone for everything. i used to be able to get angry and fight back and now i just run to my room and cry and cut myself.  my dad was the same way when i was growing up and now we barely speak.  i really only have my best friend, and i've become a pity case for her, i can tell. i was hanging out with her and the guy she's been talking to announced to everyone that "gravefilledwbooks has to drown her sorrows" when we were drinking. i know she was talking to him about it because i surely haven't been. it immediately killed my mood and i just never want to go out again. my social anxiety has been a killer as well. everything i do is embarrassing.

every day is so fucking painful and i can't deal. i don't even know if i can survive until christmas.