I can't "AFFORD" to live anymore!*Before reading this, please know that by telling me that other people are suffering with this as well does not bring me any more comfort. It's a defeatist attitude and only brings more pessimism into my life. Thank you.*

Yes. I said it right. The cost of living is getting more difficult by the day. I have been wearing the same shoes for about 1.5 years now and the same clothes for about that same time or even longer. I can't even afford to lose much weight or gain it, because if I do, then that would suggest that I would need new clothes (most of which I can't afford). But I'm digressing as usual.

The point of this is to explain that I can't make ends meet. I am literally using a library computer just to type out this message. And I'm living in the USA (not any third world country). I have no car and can only commute by bike or bus. I have a discount on my bus pass because of a student discount, but it really limits me in terms of places I can travel to. This also affects my job possibilities as many require you to have your own transportation, but I can't afford it because I won't get hired. PERIOD! I am deemed unhirable! I can't get anymore than what I get because I'm milking the system as it is: I have SSI and Food Stamps and even then, it's not enough!

I'm a couple thousand dollars in debt. Now before you get all judgmental on me, this took 1 year to get to this point (mostly from gambling attempts to pay off debt). Sad to say, I lost a little more than I won, but I didn't seem to have a choice.

My credit score is below 600 and I have no work experience for over 2 years because of not getting hired. Nobody wants to deal with a low-life or a loser. The only people who contact me are collection companies asking to pay them back. I can't even afford to make ends meet. I feel so incompetent and useless now!

My therapist said that my 4 year college degree could amount to something, but I beg to differ because it is completely disregarded on my job applications. My major is Political Science, but I have interests in other areas and I think by now, it is too late to pursue something else out of my field.

I haven't been applying to many places this past week due to the fear of rejection, but also because when I have applied to at least 30-40 places in my city, I would maybe get a few responses and half of those would be interviews. It's safe to say that it didn't go to well in either. They just expect so much and then they wonder why they can't hire anyone. NOBODY WAS BORN WITH EXPERIENCE! We were all born the same way: out of our mom's ******. 

Why doesn't anyone see the value of an Associates or Bachelors degree anymore? That's 2-4 years of your life (that you WON'T EVER get back) spent studying in school to give credit to yourself and become more distinguished from the masses.

I am literally one phone call or one rejection away from ending it all because I cannot tolerate another moment of this. Nothing is improving at all (despite what everyone else says). But they haven't walked 100 miles in my shoes, so how would they know what's up?

Any advice?