I survived a near death experience, but I wish I didntI think I'm going through rock bottom now, atleast it feels that way.

About 7 months ago I was nearly killed in an explosion at a job I took on the other end of the US. I was medivac'd to another state where I spent a month? Or maybe two in the intensive burn unit in a city I was unfamiliar with, once I was discharged I spent the next couple weeks of outpatient wandering the streets and drinking so much I needed help from the front desk to get back into my hotel room. I couldn't stay in the room because my withdrawals from all the pain meds they had me on made it unbearable.. I couldn't sleep because I kept re-living the explosion in my dreams, I woke up screaming nightly even when I drank myself into passing out.

Eventually I flew back to my home town but the drinking continued, I went to the liquor store so much you think the cashier would be worried about me. Even with the high dose sleeping medication my neuropsych doctor has me on, I chug liquor nightly. At first I would drain what money the insurance gave me to survive on at the bars, but so many people kept asking about my facial burn scars that now I just drink alone in my apartment. I dont reach out to the friends I have here because I cant get through telling anyone what happened to me without breaking down, all these months later. Even now writing this I've just woken up from a couple hours of sleep, drinking a fifth the night before and I'm fucking crying my eyes out. I know I'm coming up on the end of my workers compensation but I dont know what I'm going to do. I may have healed physically but I cant even attempt anything that resembled my previous line of work without having flashbacks or panic attacks. I feel like I've burned most of my old friends because when they call or text, I ignore it. Most of them have given up.

Sometimes I try to get better and stop the drinking, but then something else will happen. I've totaled my car due to a reaction I had from an explosion sound on a song on the radio, then I got so drunk that I fell off my bike on the way home from the grocery store and split my head open. If that's not enough to drag me back down then its from the horrible nightmares of me dying, yet it feels like such a relief in the moment? I cant stand this way of life, especially if you're still dreaming and dont know what your reality is. I dont know what I'm going to do. I used to use hiking, camping and nature to calm and clear my head but I cant be outside for more than 15 minutes now due to the burn scars reacting to the sun, the heat makes it feel like I'm on fire. My life before moving to that job was so straightforward but I gave it up for an adventure, only to come back with all this trauma and sickness. My insurance payments have stopped, and I have nothing saved up, I'm in debt. I feel like I cant be in society anymore, when I try to be I just come off extremely anxious and weird where I used to be fun to be around. Instead I just sit at home alone, binge watching netflix or whatever, trying to dodge all the movies and shows containing explosions and binge drinking to keep the flashbacks and nightmares away, or I'll take alot of my sleeping meds/alcohol early and try to sleep the day away, only to wake up standing up in my room or jolt awake yelling. I feel like I should have died out there. That pains me to say but it's all I can think about now. I try to reach out to my neuropsychologist but they just seem so overwhelmed with my case. I want this all to be over, one way or another