I have next to nothing to live for. I wish it was nothing. I have no one in my life that I can turn to.

I have an abusive boyfriend who just again tonight reminded me of what a worthless piece of shit I am. It's been violent in the past, but these nights are the worst, the "you're a worthless piece of shit and that's why no one loves you" nights. It's been 6 years. He's the only boyfriend I've ever had.

I have no friends. None. He and his friends have been my life for so long, that I have no friends. Not one.

I don't have a good relationship with my family. I have a lot of relatives, but not much family. My sister died 5 years ago and because of my relationship with her at the time of her death (we hadn't spoken in years over a petty argument), it put a lot of stress and distance in my relationship with the rest of my family. My boyfriend loves to rub this in my face ("even your family doesn't love you.")

My mom is the only one who is still here for me, but she's so tired of me and the trainwreck I've made of my life. I feel like she's ready to give up on me. Honestly, if it weren't for my mom, I'd have probably killed myself by now.

The single reason I don't act when these insane feelings and pulses are rushing through me, is that I couldn't do that to her. She's already buried a child and a grandchild, and she deserves so much more that she's gotten out of life. I wish I could just let go, but I can't.

So instead, I hurt all day every day. I collapse on my living room floor, sobbing and screaming and hyperventilating and vomiting and punching myself and banging my head into floor and feeling the worst pain I can imagine. Multiple nights a week. Knowing how alone and hopeless I am. I alternate between this intense pain and a feeling of just nothingness. No feelings. The two phases are equally as bad. I did an overnight stint in a psych ward for stabbing myself at one point, but once I come down from my fits I'm pretty good at convincing people I'm okay. I'm never okay.

I've know for a long time that I am a broken person, but I didn't think that my brokeness made me unlovable. Worthless. Life's not worth living like this. Feeling like this all the time seems like so much worse than the alternative. I wish I could let go. 