I just don't see the point in continuing... Why should I?26/DMAB, identifies and lives as F... even though I'm just a sick tranny....

The more I look at things, the less I see of a reason to live. I started my "hormone correction" far too late in my life, getting therapy and "help" at 25 years old... a year later I thought I'd feel better, but I don't. I don't feel worse, but I don't feel better... It feels normal to be identified as a woman and treated as such and I don't face issues with misgendering. However, it just feels... empty, like everything is a freaking lie...

I have a serious anxiety attack anytime I take a shower, I have to close my eyes showering.. going to the bathroom and do things quickly before I have a severe panic attack. My genitals are the reason I suffer, they're wrong and mismatched and for as long as I can remember have caused me discomfort that has escalated with the years. I was told by a friend year ago when I was about to take my life that I could get help and work towards transition with the help of obamacare... and admittedly that's why I'm around today, because I did get help and I did get the treatment to start fixing my chemistry.

But there's so much damage already done, everyone I know insists I'm a "cute girl who just doesn't like makeup" but I always see a man, the man I was forced to see my entire life. The man my verbally abusive oldest sister constantly reminded me I was going to become. My family has tried to be supportive since I nearly killed myself over this... but is more neutral than anything, respecting pronouns and name but not helping me with literally anything else.. leaving me to do everything by myself, which I've tried... I've tried so much... I'm expected to know so much things that I never got to learn about.

I'm breaking down, I'm falling apart and I can't take it anymore... I was robbed of a life I could of had, because I was raised in a gender non conforming household. My natural behaviors and even stating I hated my genitals at a young age just seemed like me rejecting masculine social roles but it was so much more. I still get told I showed "No real signs" despite how much I hated my body and envied the hour glass shape... the soft features of most female celebrities and just the fact I hated my body with a passion. Still do, even though I have the stature a lot of AMAB trans would love to have...

So now I'm spoiled.. and entitled, I don't deserve what I got and I deserve to die because I'll never know what it's like to not pass. With how many times I've been driven off to the ER, I can't lie when I say I wish I did die those days. I'm nothing but a mistake... nothing but a freak and I just can't do it anymore.

My heart is at risk of heart failure due to my high levels of anxiety and stress caused by my recognition of my incorrect genitalia... I have to tuck 24/7 which is causing a loss of blood circulation with how tight I have to do it... The moment said tuck starts to slip I start feeling my chest hurt... I was denied trans healthcare by my insurance a few weeks ago and had to switch providers but who's to say the same won't happen again.. especially with LGBT protections being rolled back?

My psychiatrist is working with the surgeon who will perform GRS to stress how medically necessary the surgery is for my case... but my mind is wavering and falling apart, I probably can't mentally handle the surgery anymore.. not that it'd be covered, not that my tranny surgery deserves to be covered.. doesn't matter if I'm dying from worsening anxiety and stress leading to heart failure, it's one life right? I mean who cares about one more Male to Trans dying.... I'm not an actual woman and I revoked my right of being a "man" not that I ever felt like one to begin with....

Then the surgery itself.. the more I think about it, will it even help? What I want is impossible, I can't medically become a cis woman... I'll always be trans, and a trans woman... and I'll always be subjected to the stigma that I'm nothing but a man with the idea of fetishizing feminine stereotypes... Since being outed as trans to my groups makes me feel more dysphoric, coming to realization I am a fake.. I feel like I'm hiding my black book.

A black book full of why I want to die and why I don't think this life is worth continuing anymore... how it feels like no one can relate to me dying to genital dysphoria and how a surgery that could alleviate said surgery is being seen as cosmetic and unnecessary... I can't work a job because of how alarming my dysphoria is and how frequent my anxiety spikes due to it.... my head is seldom straight anymore and the crappy contract desk WAH job I have got me enough money for post care costs if the insurance does decide to cover it.. which they won't.

Even if it all works out... I'll never find love because I'm too scared to make a move... too scared to risk telling someone I'm trans that I feel we connect and too scared to try and hide it and pretend like it isn't the case.. I'd probably be killed but.. it's okay, I'd deserve it.

So now I'm sitting here wondering how long it'd take me to die if I sliced off my genitals.. I don't care about pain, I deserve to suffer.. clearly.... I want to live, but I also don't see the point in trying...