Failed at everything and I'm done with itTL;DR: Kicked out of school, in my late twenties with only a crappy part time job as a cashier and associates degree to show. No friends and a disappointment to my parents; gonna end my life in about a week. 

I signed up for reddit specifically to write this post, but doubt anyone's gonna read it. I'm 27 year old female, single, no kids, and an only child still living with my parents. I found out tonight that I have been kicked out of the college I had been attending for the last year and a half, and I feel completely worthless and hopeless. I have ADHD and social anxiety disorder  that has messed me up for most of my adolescent and adult life. I feel like I can barely function, and now I feel like I'm at the point I'm incapable of doing anything. Even right now, I feel like I'm fucking up what I'm writing, like it doesn't even make sense. 

I wanted so bad to transfer into a 4 year college and get my bachelors. I even hoped to get a Masters. With the help of my ADHD medication and counseling, I was finally able to do it in Spring 2017. I focused on an English major, and was so proud of myself when I was accepted. But because of my insurance, I lost access to medication and counseling. I tried getting help through my college, but my inattentiveness led me to slack off meetings and I eventually fell into old habits. I fell into a depression too, since I began to feel as if it didn't matter if I got help, because my life would always have ups and downs, successful for a moment but a disappointment and failure the next. My ADHD, along with bouts of depressions, and constant social anxiety, have left me feeling worthless. I have no contact with friends, and the only person besides my parents I was close to was my cousin, who will soon be moving 4 hours away from me with her new husband. I can see day by day that my parents see my more as a burden, and I think they, and everyone else would be better off without me. 

My parents don't know about me being kicked out of college, but I know I wouldn't be able to handle their disappointment and would probably kill myself anyway. They gave me everything to help me be successful and I have nothing to show for it. No friends, no s/o, no real college degree. All I have is an associates degree and a shitty part time job at a dollar store. I don't know how well my emotions are coming across in this post, but I feel so drained. Nothing I do is ever right, and I will never amount to anything. I feel like everything I do leads to failure, no matter how many opportunities  others give me. I despise myself and I feel like I should no longer be apart of this world . I have contributed nothing, most people won't care, and I will soon become an awful burden to the few people who do. I plan on ending my life by next week, since there's some family functions coming up, and I plan to not overshadow those events with my suicide.I might do a follow up when I come to a final date but I'm not sure.