i wish for a friend... shouldn't that be simple?I'm sorry if this gets long and boring

My family consists of a dad with anger and stress issues (i live in his house), a very bipolar and aggressive mother, a sister who practically wishes I was dead, and my dog Booker. I live distanced from them and from anybody else, days consist of heading to school, returning to my room, and staying there, occasionally leaving to get food, sometimes having to greet my dad.

For some insight, I'm young but i'm trans, and in Latin America we're still viewed wrong by the general public. That's the general reason why I'm distanced in school, I won't detail further.

Currently it's 6 am, I have one friend in steam and the blizzard app, i'll call him surprising.
surprising and i speak different languages, but we manage to chat with what we know about english.
i've barely heard his voice through voice chat in overwatch, other than that, we only know each other through letters on a screen.

his pc isn't too good, and latin america isn't particularly wealthy, so pretty much all we've played is overwatch.

i bought overwatch about a year ago, and also started the thing about trans. i was not ok with being identified as male, it was hard in real life but online appearances didn't matter... i thought it was a good idea to be myself online, hiding the way i was born, and a good chance to see if people thought i was weird or not.

* i first made friends with a group of guys that were alright. a guy in that group who had a very ironic name managed to prevent me from hurting myself one not-very-stable night. at one point the group began dissolving and some showed more negative sides, i left too.
* i met a somewhat-russian lady through the group while it was still active. we got along pretty well and she even tried to help me out with some troubles i had in my personal life, but eventually she got annoyed and deleted me, though she left a pretty heartwarming post in her tumblr.
* while i was still friends with the russian lady, she presented me to surprising. at the time i still had a couple of friends so i was very hyper, he got to know me because i chatted a lot, and once he built up confidence he chatted too. we helped each other quite a bit. he's a bit soft. we're really close friends for some reason.
* the russian lady also presented me to somebody who i'll call kind. i think she was the most caring friend i've ever had. it's clear my mental state is not the healthiest, and she wasn't only fine with it but also really wanted me to get better, even with the distance i had to maintain being born the way i was. eventually i told her, and she seemed fine with it, although somewhat not okay with me knowing her voice but she didn't know mine.
some things were happening in my personal life and i let myself rely on kind, while i was not doing anything to get better myself, so she deleted me too. i guess grew sick of me, or the russian lady suggested it.
at the time i was feeling horrible and i told her about it, about how i was pretty much alone and i wanted to give up, so maybe she wanted to let me give up.
* by chance, i met somebody who i'll call sou while i was still friends with kind. we got along really well, but again, i'm really dependent on people to lift my self-esteem from underground, and the privacy i kept while she was completely open with me freaked her out, and eventually sou deleted me too.

back to reality

surprising knows about my gender, and after a bit of explaining he seemed wholly fine with it.
but now he's very busy with his studies or so i was told, and overwatch has been getting pretty tiring after many months of playing the same game, there's distance now.

it's starting to sink in.

i'm finally beginning to understand that, no close friends can help me. if i want to get closer to distant friends i'll have to maintain a happy facade if i don't want to be left again. it's happened more times than i can count, in my school, in my family, on the internet... it's all proof

nobody is interested in me, i'm too weird, i have too many issues, friends shouldn't fix them, and i can't alone.
if anyone gets to know me deeply they'll leave disgusted.
my days are just filled with silence. i don't talk to anybody, i don't have any friends online, i won't ever be close to anyone,
chats help but, there's not even that now.

i dont think i want to suffer this silence anymore.
i promised to surprising i was gonna wait until new year to see if... anyone else entered my life by chance?
but i don't think i'm getting any better. there's no way anybody else will show up, let alone stick around
the silence is starting to erase my.. personality? i've been accepting things the way they are, i've always loved spending time with people, but i'm not trying to find more friends online anymore in fear that they would just hurt me... i'm zoning out more, my thoughts are emptier, my arms are more hurt and my diet's disappearing...
it's starting to ruin me

what point is there in changing your appearance to suit your gender when, nobody will even interact with you

i think i wanna see me crumble before showing myself to anybody else

and the side of me that is still foolishly hopeful that somebody will show up is starting to go away too

am i too far gone?... if that's the case, could you confirm it please? at least a word or two? anybody?...