Been a little over a year.I posted here about a year ago. Not much has changed since then. I honestly had hoped that maybe by venting I would make myself feel better or things would start looking up. The only thing that's changed is I don't think about the girl from high school no more. So that's a plus, I guess. Also got a seasonal job last August. It lasted until November. Thought it would take my minds off things and it did for the first couple of weeks but after the store was set up I basically just stood around all day waiting to help customers. Then I started to thinking too much again. Thinking that this is the rest of my life. Working a job I hate only looking forward to going home and doing nothing. I was at work one day and I got a headache so took two pills. Then unknowingly I kept going back to the breakroom to get one more. Did that maybe 3-4 times before I realized how many pills I had taken. Hoped maybe it was enough to kill me but I knew 5 or 6 wasn't going to do the trick. I stopped after I realized how many I had taken. Honestly thought about taking a few more but then I thought of the pain I would go through if I did and that stopped me like it always does. Don't really know what I'm hoping for anymore. Used to be to feel better. Can't even remember the last time I hoped to feel better. Now I just hope one day I'll fall asleep and I won't wake up.

My family and I are moving soon. So I have that to look forward to. I try to look forward to things. Mostly small things because that's all I have going for me right now. New episodes of bob's burgers, going to my favorite fast food places, music, and video games. Dark souls 3 came out and ratchet &amp; clank too so I have those to look forward to. Also started uploading videos my to youtube channel. that sort of makes me feel better. not sure why though. don't get any views and i only have a handful of subscribers.

I only have a few friends but right now it feels like none. We don't even hang out irl. We would just play games online with each other, but one of my friends moved away (and now he only plays with some chick the majority of the time), another friend's computer broke, two of them only play with their college buddies as far as I can tell, and one of them only plays one game all day. So I just literally play games and am on twitch for the majority of the day. I started and OKCupid profile and I sent out a few messages but no one responded. That's whatever though. I had a feeling that would be the outcome. That did just remind me though about a week ago I had a dream of a girl I had a crush on in 8-9th grade. Thought it was weird. In the dream all we did was hold hands but I was so happy when we did. It was an amazing feeling. I don't love her or anything. I think it was because in the dream I saw her smile, so maybe the thought of me making a girl smile so much made he happy. That's the only conclusion I came up with because like I said I don't really have feelings for here anymore. Sorry for rambling on so much. I just wanted to talk because I don't really have anyone to talk to.

Original Post: https://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/2ynfmy/im_just_so_tired_repost/