i experienced childhood sexual abuse and i think it was my faulti typed this on r/offmychest too but i feel so fucking suicidal i just need someone to reply or something i just can't do this anymore i'm so guilty and feel so nasty and disgusting and horrible i should just fucking die i hate myself so much. 



nsfw, idk how to tag on mobile //

when i was little (0-6) i lived with both my biological parents. my dad was schizophrenic (maybe undiagnosed?) and self-medicated with oxycodone (or maybe oxycontin). i don't know much about him so please excuse me not having all the specifics. anyway, my mother worked long hours and night shift, so i was with him almost always. he was my favorite parent because my mom would always come home hostile and not show me much care or attention. i know my dad loved me, but he put me in harms way a lot. because i was with him most of the time, i would go with him to get a fix, or be home when he had sketchy people over. they'd gamble and play cards and do drugs and drink and i'd be right there with them. as a toddler/baby, it just seemed like they were having fun, but they were loud so it scared me sometimes and i'd mostly cling to my dad. idk if i was ever abused at home because i've repressed most of my childhood memories. like i said, my dad would take me with him to get drugs. usually he'd get them from people in "throwaway" hotel rooms or sketchy apartments. i remember that there were semi-feral cats outside the apartments and we'd play with them before we went in. maybe it was a distraction from what was going on or hesitation because he felt guilty. i don't know. i'm ashamed to say i remember playing with the cats as a fun experience and i look back on it fondly. when we'd finally go in, the place would smell like smoke and usually be too dim. there was a mini cast iron bell that sat on an end table next to a green couch. i always clung to my dad but one day i really had to use the bathroom. a man "escorted" me there even though i could see the door from where i was. he followed me in and touched me. this happened more than once and no one ever knew.

later, my parents divorced and my mom took me and cut all contact with my dad. this crushed me. we lived with my grandparents and she was gone all the time. it was like i was abandoned by both parents. we had supervised visits for a while but they'd always argue and it'd make me upset so my mom stopped arranging visits. he sent me letters every day but my mom wouldn't read them to me. i didn't understand.

i also didn't understand what had happened to me and i "experimented" and wet the bed from an early age. i would get yelled at for doing this but i didn't know why.

my mom got with my eventual step dad not long after. he was large and intimidating and scared me at first. we moved in with him when i was like 7 or 8. i was so curious and confused sexually and i would lay with him on the couch. i'd lay on his arm so his hand was on my privates and i'd grind against it. it's disgusting and i'm disgusting. he'd let me. he knew what was happening. sometimes he'd insinuate it.

there's no end to this story. i feel like the second time with my step dad was my fault and i feel so guilty for being fucked up because of it. i feel so disgusted with myself for that and for remembering playing with the cats as a nice experience even though i knew what would happen after. i feel like shit today so i decided to write all this out. sorry it's gross and unorganized. i'm so suicidal all the time but i feel like i shouldn't be traumatized by any of this. my mom "doesn't know" but i'm pretty sure she has suspicions. she's with my step dad still and gets mad because we "aren't close" anymore and blames me. idk.


edit: i just realized i forgot to mention my uncle was also schizophrenic and was caught taking pictures of a little girl/her underwear as she jumped on a trampoline in a dress. idk if he ever did anything to me but i'm too scared to think on it too hard.