Online Class, Anxiety, Depression, And Suicide attempts. Need to Withdraw from School due to Mental Illness but I Don't Have Doctor's Prescription.&amp;#x200B;

Hi Everyone!

I'm a student taking an online class at a university. My parents just convinced me into this so that it won't be a waste of time and I won't be behind. This was not my main course btw. It was all good and all but in later days I had an anxiety attacks wherein I tried to avoid my school works (I know it is really a stupid move). But I tried to do it yet it cringes me or it feels like I was forced and it feels suffocating. I dunno. It feels like my heart goes faster and I am worried all the time. What I'm taking is an online class and I really had a hard time learning and gathering info about our lessons. I didn't learn that much. Yet I learned a lot with my friends' lesson because they are asking for my help and I tried to give them some boost. Their course is engineering btw and it's all thanks to The Organic Chemistry Tutor. He really helped a lot. I always help my friends in a sense that I could feel that I'm important.

Then here goes the loads amount of schoolwork. I tried to do it but it just won't. I didn't feel anything, I am not happy with this. It feels like something is wrong. Maybe its me? Idk. I talked it out with my parents but instead we had an argument. Them saying I'm a quitter because I can't do this and that. I want to tell them that this is not my main goal and I also had plans on what to do during this pandemic but my plans of course can just be easily mocked because it is not the "practical and normal" way to be successful. (and that is commissioning art and animation clips).But I believe this can be achieved if you just worked hard on it and make it really good. And I'm willing to do it because it is what I love. After a long hours of argument, I just felt down and want to stay in bed for hours. I didn't manage to cry though but I felt something that is not nice. I just felt meh and would rather stare on the phone just to feel something and escape. But when I got back to this world of reality, I just want to end it all. What have I done.

I know it's my fault but right now I really struggle on how to deal with the system of the school that we have. I have long avoided my works and my depression lasted for months. I'm really sorry that I didn't work on it. Right now, I just want to withdraw from the class and mentally prepare myself for the challenging stuff that is about to come. The problem is that they won't just easily accept my reason because mental illness can just be easily disregarded and not treat it as a real health issue and problem. They would just tell me that I'm a spineless person. So I'm trying to know if what I'm feeling right now is all just a drama base on what they imply or legitimately I had one. But I tell you, the pain that I felt is real and I just had an urge to jump off on my 3 story building but right now, I am asking for your help.

I just want to know if there are legit therapist that take an online counselling and would prescribe about the status of my mental health. Would love to hear your recommendations on how to deal with this. That's all.

I had written some notes but I think it's still not the time.

P.S Sorry if I sound a little edgy or plain edgy and for rubbing negativity but I hope that all of you will be successful in your battles.