I'm fat and it's fucking destroying meI'm a 16 year old girl, living in a small eastern european country. First of all, I'm ugly as shit. I'm 163 cm and 70-75 kg (my weight fluctuates) My BMI is 27,so yes, I am fucking fat. I've been skinny my whole childhood but once I hit puberty, everything started to fall apart. I started gaining weight when I was 12,even tough I would always eat healthy ( my parents were always extremely strict with what I eat). At first it was nothing major, just a couple of kilograms, it wasn't even noticeable. Then I just gained more and more and now it won't stop. I count my calories and I never eat more then 1000 in a day. I eat something small in the morning, like a few tasteless biscuits or one slice of homemade bread, at lunch I eat salads of whatever vegetables we have at home, I only eat dinner sometimes and it's usually either an apple or a lemon. Sometimes I skip meals or whole days. Anyway, the beauty standard in my country is being bone skinny but have huge tits. I'm the opposite of that. I don't even have a pretty face. No guy has ever liked me, I don't even have any hope at this point. I'm the ugliest and fattest girl in my class. There was this guy in middle school who always used to make fun of me and my huge and fatt butt (which is not a good thing here) even though he was litterally fatter then me!! And for some reason no one saw anything wrong with it, not even the girls I would consider my friends. Looking back, they were probably friends with me because they felt sorry. I never stood up for myself either, because, what can I say? It's the truth. I AM fat and ugly. I tried everything to lose weight: green tea, pills for constipation to make myself poop more, nothing works. Every time I seek for advice people tell me " Oh just eat less and exercise more 🥰 I know it's hard but don't give up" Sis I've been doing this for 2 years now and I'm not losing any. How much less should I eat?? I already barely have energy, I sleep 10 hours a day and I'm always tired, run 1 km and can't do anything for the rest of the day because of how exhausted I am. I'm in a constant state of stress, I wonder how I still have hair on my head because of how much I lose in a day. I'm so stressed that when I finally relax I get stressed because I shouldn't be lazy. I'm also a disappointment to my parents and whole family. I always tought I was smart but I was really just average and my classmates were stupid. Everything started to fall apart when I went to highschool. Everyone there is somehow smarter then me. I am so stupid that my math teacher gave me a 10 without me doing anything because he didn't want to embarrass me in front of the class. The only subject that I actually understand and like is biology and that's it. I try to study but I just don't understand anything that the teacher says, I also can't afford supplementary classes and I'm starting to get really worried about my life after highschool. 
I'm not really suicidal, if I was I would just go and fucking do it, it's just that if someone would hold a gun at my head I wouldn't fight for my life. Now I feel bad that I complain because there are people who have it much worse then me and I know that I should be grateful.... Anyway, I don't want anyone to feel sorry for me, I just needed to get this off my chest.. Thank you