What is wrong with me..do I need help?To start off:

I am 26 year old male. My life has been as good as any and way better than most. I am attractive, I have a salaried job at a respectable corporation, benefits, retirement, the whole 9 yards. I am good at my job, everyone loves me there. I have never needed or taken any mood medications, never needed them. I've always been considered a 'rock' for most emotional people. I drive a Dodge Challenger, that I bought new and paid for myself. I use to be into drugs a few years ago, cleaned myself up on my own and got my life straightened around. I do not have a steady girlfriend, nor any kids of my own. I see a girl on occasion who has a kid, I care about them immeasurably, but she doesn't have time, nor desire for an actual relationship. I don't agree with it and it upsets me greatly, but I understand and accept that. I worked my way up very close to the top of my corporation, as close as I can be at 26 years old. Things should be great on all ends, but they aren't. 

The problem:

She came over and stayed over at my house for most of Easter weekend. We talked a lot, like we always do. In the months before that Easter, I was content with what I had in life. But after that weekend, I realized I was only lying to myself. Ever since then I feel dead inside. Quite literally every night I fight off panic attacks. I am usually successful, but the scary part is, to calm myself down, I have to go to my dresser, take out my hand gun, put it to my head, cock it, and pull the trigger. Every night I check the gun to see if it's loaded. I know it isn't loaded, because I am the only one with access to it, but I check it all the same. Actually I check it 4 or 5 times before I put it to my head, just in case. I get this ansty feeling inside my chest telling me to go do it. I fight it off as long as I can, eventually I break and do the gun ritual.

Why? What is wrong with me? I don't want to die, or I would actually load the gun (clip isn't even in it), but I feel 100% compelled to put it to my head and pull the trigger. Is it her that's making me feel this way? Is it some sort of biological clock ticking that is telling me 'it's time to have a family of your own' or something? Am I only doing it to try to feel alive again? Am I freaking out because the job I have COULD be my career for the rest of my life, that in itself depresses me. Or could it be that since I have achieved my goal career-wise, I am no longer interested in it. I am so confused as to why this is happening, has never been me. Nothing like this has ever crossed my mind before.