My father's been going down a hill and nobody knows what to do...Medium sized post ahead, also, I know this might not be the best place to post this.

My dad was a pretty hard-working man with a pretty bad childhood. He was a medical doctor and had a degree and all that fancy stuff. However, he retired seven years ago, and that's when his decline began.

His childhood was pretty bad, as my grandfather was a cheating bastard who psychologically and physically abused my father as a child. He also brought home women constantly and would not give him any peace of mind. He said he tried to cope with it, but failed at doing so and grew to be a violent teenager who would pick fights all the time with his peers, sometimes for no good reason. He was an odd person in that he was a repeat offender for delinquent behavior yet managed to maintain one of the best grade records in his school.

He was hardworking his whole life, and that's what helped him turn his life around for a long while. He started off as a busboy, and ended up a medical doctor. Typical success story. My mother, who was young at the time, ended up marrying him because he was charming and 'perfect'. 

Fast forward a few years, and he's maintaining a good family with a stable income. However, his temper began to change, and he began experiencing mood swings that grew more frequent as time passed. When I was around ten or eleven, he retired. Ever since then, his mood swings became more frequent and he began to show signs of depression. Being younger at the time, I wasn't able to recognize the signs. My mother and my father both had me slightly older than what one would expect a couple to have kids, so my mother assumed his changes in temper to be "male menopause".

He eventually began abusing prescription drugs, and picked up a habit of smoking which he had dropped when he was in college. Also, his diet has grown exceedingly unhealthy; consisting of sweets and other junk, but he believes that he is healthy as he doesn't gain weight due to a high metabolism. His unhealthy habits have begun catching up to him in that he's now suffering from what's possibly rheumatoid arthritis and other inflammatory diseases. On top of all this, he repeatedly lashes out at us, sometimes for unreasonable reasons, and deprecates my mother, me, and worst of all, himself, in that he's always lamenting about his childhood and upbringing and how he hates the people who ruined his family; despite the fact that they've passed away already. I feel like that after he retired, he believes he's lost the one last bit of purpose in his life. I can't help but wince in sadness for he was a doctor with medical knowledge, and he's completely thrown all of that to the side. We've tried getting him to seek medical and professional help, but all he does is dismiss them as a bunch of quacks. He repeatedly talks about how his own life is meaningless apart from my mother and I and that the “end might not seem so bad”, and judging by everything else, I feel like he might just do it one day.

I know I'm ranting a bit, but I think he's given up on life. I really love him and I just want to help him, but I don't know how. I really don’t know.