I hate everything!I used to be happy just being, now I can’t stand anything, it’s strange to me that the entire world has lost its mind, I’m trying so hard not to swear, we’re living in an age where people actually don’t know what gender they are by simply looking at their genitalia, religion is beyond stupid and kills more people than cigarettes and yet people trust an invisible and silent sky daddy to have a predetermined plan, such bs, like a giant finger is or at least should come through the clouds and start shouting “ oi! I created everything you see and yet apparently I got genders wrong! My name is something you chose and your killing each other over your slight differences, not to mention destroying the planet and killing off countless species, sometimes just fir fun! Pack it in!” But no matter how hard you look up ... nothing! The world is beautiful but scary as hell, greed controls everything, somehow money that was essentially made from a tree made it possible fir every inch of land to be owned, you can’t go into the woods anymore without some kind of permission, you can’t build a house in said woods and live off the grid before being labelled a bum and kicked off the land because apparently some rich self important person owns it. You need paper/ money to eat and keep warm and yet your not allowed to hunt in my country or even make a fire to keep warm, a small group of people control everything and everyone and if you dare to disagree with a law or statute then kiss your freedom goodbye, freedom? It’s a joke we’re not free, we now every day we keep the system running by working fir minimum wage while some rich person lays down in a warm country being waited on, our pensions are a slap in the face for the hours we put in and the fact we have it taxed again after paying tax all our lives in another slap in the face, people kill each other over religion, territory, colour of their skin, language or even because they hate everything, I however wouldn’t kill anyone but myself because I would hate to bestow my sadness onto someone’s innocent family, the world could be a better place but none of us can stand up we’re to dependent on a system that robs us of our dignity, millions of us being controlled by a select few and yet not once do we decide enough is enough, not once do the masses stand up and say I won’t let them kill in my name for oil, I won’t let them starve disabled families, I won’t let the elderly be forgotten after all they did for us, I won’t let my child be a slave to be forgotten. Instead we swallow everything they force down our throats while simply complaining, I’m just one man but if I could do something to change it and it cost my life then I would gladly give it. I hate everything, I hate being alive, seeing the homeless treated like garbage, I hate the government with their huge wage packets and smug faces, mostly I can’t find anything to be happy about, it’s all one big lie, and I’m part of it weather I like it or not, but not for much longer, or so I tell myself. I’m ashamed to be a human being, every time I see an animal I always apologise to them for having to share this world and put up with us. We don’t belong here it would be better if we didn’t exist because at least then maybe the other species on this planet would have a chance at life and something beautiful would remain something would at least survive.