What is left behindI know for most people the response to something like this is the number for the national suicide hotline.

But . . . if you were to kill yourself in the best manner, what things would you do to make things easier for the people you left behind?  Financially, emotionally?  My father died without any definite plan and I just kind of ignored everything and I think there is an unclaimed life insurance policy out there.  If I die, what would be best to make sure my daughter knows what assets, if any she has?  I have a lot of debt and a lot of health problems.  If I die right now, I won't be struggling to keep myself and her in a good place despite not having enough to feed us, I'll be leaving a few things that are recoverable despite the debts.  Her mother is the person she is connected to.  This is part of her mother intentionally creating a rift, but she's still the right person for my daughter.  All of that is kind of meaningless in the sense that I'm going to die and my daughter just needs to get what's best from that transition.  So, if we are focusing on the consequences that are not emotional and psychological, but just how a person gets *fed* and otherwise *survives* is there any good source?

FYI - those people who just post suicide hotlines that isn't a way to care about the actual suicidal.  It's a way to dismiss everything and flush it away.  I've called the hotline a few times.  People who are in a bad place need more than someone who just tells you they are listening.  They need someone to help get them out of the hole they are in.  And I understand not wanting to take that burden, *but do not pretend you are taking that burden, and do not pretend you are helping, if you can't do it.*  That's just a sad virtue signalling.  If you want to help people, actually help people.  There are homeless people a car ride away from you now.  Go interact with them.  Do what you can for them, or grow cold enough to ignore human suffering.  But don't pretend.