My wife happened across a comment on this sub...And that comment was mine.

It professed a depression that is not reliant on environmental factors. I have everything I've ever wanted. I worked and aspired to these goals and dreams and things I felt were necessary to induce happiness. But it doesn't.

Depression is depression. It is a chemical imbalance. Exercise might help, diet may too. But these are the holistic strategies everyone encourages because they don't understand the depression. The deep, dark, overwhelming and insidiously heavy depression. The kind that when you wake up, look in the mirror, you find a moment of peace and clarity. You smile, because you know that one day you will die.

...

My wife engaged a conversation after reading a comment of mine. She was not judgmental, nor did she feel guilty or insecure about the situation. She does not make me unhappy, she is the best thing to ever happen to me. And I love her.

She did not pry, she did not resolve to my depression as a state of mind. Unfortunately it is a way of life. All she did was ask, and listen. I've always been afraid to talk to her when I think of suicide. I know it would hurt her. I never want her to feel at fault, because in no universe would it be anyone's fault.

I say to myself, I want to discuss it with her, I want to communicate and discuss it. But why? I don't want to ruin our camping trip. She is about to go to work in 30min, I don't want to ruin her day. She's home, it's late, I don't want to make her restless. But I wear this on my face and it is all too recognizable.

I explained to her some of the insecurities, the hesitance, and I skirted in a manner of hesitance. I love her.

I felt better after talking. A 10lbs dumbbell was lifted off my chest, but there is still 1990lbs to go. Everyday she will make me feel better, another 10lbs lost. I am a very thin guy, but I have so much weight to lose. I slept that night, and I woke the next morning. Another day, cross it off the calendar.




I really hope that some of you can talk to someone. Anyone. Someone will listen, be it a stranger or a loved one. If you die tomorrow, why build a wall today? Make yourself vulnerable. What do you have to lose? I really hope in talking to someone, anyone, that you may live another day, if even to only to talk to someone tomorrow. Talk with me, together we can survive until tomorrow.