I Am Human After AllAlthough I never recognized it until recently, my dad's reason for divorcing my mom (after I graduate) is valid. She is a control freak who demands all control of every situation. When he first proposed it, I didn't really understand the argument.

What made me realize this is thinking of all the ways she's controlled me in life. The most glaring reason is that she picked my college so that I could be closer to home. She forced me to pick UC Berkeley over schools that I absolutely wanted to attend more so than Cal, such as Duke or Princeton. Every day, I wonder what got into my mind that allowed me to pick my current school because I hate it there (Yes, it is a decent school, but there's definitely better out there academically and socially). She made me pick it so she can visit me EVERY weekend, and demands that I drop anything and everything I am doing during that time to spend half a day with her and my dad, which I feel is somewhat ruining my college experience. Later in the school year, she even made me come home every weekend/every other weekend so that I can be around her. Constantly, she brags to her friends and family that I go to UC Berkeley, which I feel is a catalyst to her forcing me there, because not many people in my family/neighborhood have heard of Duke (even Princeton). But I digress. She more or less forced me there so that she can brag about it, keep a close eye on me, and be geographically close to me.

Other, lesser examples of her need for power include: constantly calling me when I am out with my friends to ask when I'm coming home (regardless of the time of day), preferring that I sit in my room and do nothing than go out to study/hangout with friends/etc. due to "safety", or telling me what to do in a (given situation) without any background experience with it (i.e. telling me what college is like when she never went to college). She constantly complains about not being able to lead people at work (somehow she is a manager) when her thought on leadership is Stalin\-like (drop anything you're doing to do what I say right here right now or you're fired/getting moved to a different area).

She's already demanded that I give her one room in my future house so she can "do all the house duties", but I absolutely don't want this to happen. I've talked to my dad about this, who is much more level\-headed. He has tried talking to my mom, but she won't budge. I know for a fact she's gonna use the fact that she's in my future house to control my wife, kids, and myself to the point where we're all her puppets, as my dad and I currently am.

I've had dreams of killing myself in front of her, and I genuinely feel that one day I'll end up buying a shotgun, coming home, and blasting my brains out in front of her. I feel as if I'm just an extension of her, and I can't free myself from her reach no matter what I do. She's controlled every aspect of my life up until now and will continue to do so unimpeded. All of my efforts to try and have some control over my life have proved useless due to her absolute need for power and refusal to concede any power to anyone. I feel as if I have to sacrifice myself so she can (hopefully) realize what she is doing and stop before she ruins all her existing and future relationships. There simply is no other way out.