Considering suicide. Looking for a reason not to.TL;DR: Suicide? Why not?

First, I’m not in critical condition. Not in a rush. I realise the problem and now looking for help.

Second, this is not a hysterical post. I've given this topic a lot of thoughts. I've been at neurologist, got meds (cytalopram, helped for a while though); visited a bunch of psychologists. Didn't helped a bit. They all go by the book and after some time you start noticing patterns - they say the same trivial stuff. Not helping. One friend of mine told me a story that sometimes completely random stranger may help you better than a bunch of professional psychologists, so I decided to give it a try. Hence, Reddit. 

Third, a few words about me and stuff: 31, m, software developer, living in Munich, Germany, for 2 years; 175cm, ~100kg weight, trying to loose some; married for 7 years, no kids.

And the thing is... I don't see a point to keep going. It's not the question "Why suicide?", it's a question "Why not?". Most of the biggest changes (as well as great events) in my life started with me saying "Hm, why not?". Now I'm asking myself the same question before getting the one way ticket. And I can't find an answer.

Some may say "but family!". I have a brother, he'll help my mom get over it. Dad have passed last year. Wife... well, she'll probably won't get over it. Threatened me that she'll do the same if I do something to myself. And you know what? It all boils down to a family problems - the marriage that once was happy, slowly going to unhappy one, for 4 years day by day. We still love each other, but things are getting worse, and she doesn't recognise that there's a problem.
And I'm tired of this.
There's 3 ways to solve this: 1) get a family psychologist (which she will never agree to) or 2) divorce. Which is fucking painful, because I still love her. Still better that 3) suicide, eh?

Now, the weight. Oh the diets I've tried and the exercises I've done! Solid stuck on 99-102 - no sugar, no bread, 5-15km on feet each day, some physical load, and still can't loose it. Fucking annoyed. Ways to solve it? Stop eating and die finally (sarcasm).

Third. I'm too good, too nice. You know what that means, don't you. And not handsome enough to compensate it. Can't change it. No solution.

So, you have it: 31 (shit I'm old!), overweight, not the handsomest, marriage goes to hell (as far as i see it, it will come to and end in maybe a year or sooner), and the worst part - I'm afraid.
I've recently understood why I've been tolerating things for the last few years - I'm afraid to become alone.
Afraid that I won't find someone to be beside me.
Afraid that I'm too fucking old, fat and uninteresting. What I can change about it? Well, I can loose the weight eventually. Then I’ll be 32 old, thin, not the handsomest mr. Nobody, that nobody is interested in. What’s the point then?

Thing is, I know (well, ok, I _think_) that my chances to be happy again, to enjoy the life, are that close to zero, so I don’t see a reason to continue fighting for it. I’ve been struggling for it for such a long time that now I don’t think it will ever end actually. I do agree that, well, things happen, and the path to a happy future is somewhere around the corner, but hey, I can’t believe in that anymore, don’t blame me. Lost all hope (c).

Some time ago I would say that suicide - is not something I’m able to do spontaneously. I have a checklist of stuff to be taken care of first, and the method I’ve choose (initially) requires some preparation. At least a bus to Alps and a looot of booze.
Things have changed though. I’ve started taking meds, and they are working, all right. Most of the time I’m in a good mood, smiling, joking, talking to people and stuff. But if something kicks me out of this mood - I go directly from “happy” to “suicide” bypassing the “sad” stage completely. It takes a night to get myself fixed again.
Now I’m afraid that if something happens during the day - I may at some point just… finally break. Go to the roof, and play a “Headfirst for Halos” for the last time. It’s high enough and the ground around is all asphalt, so it should be quick.


So in the end, the question is, “Suicide? Well, why not?”.

And I’m really looking for a damn good reason.