Maybe it's time.I'm not sure what I'm looking for but I wanted maybe some constructive criticism here. For the last 9 months I've struggled to get myself out of bed.

My (single parent) mother died last year and it really shook me. I cannot fathom how empty it made me feel. I think that was kind of the first step in a long year for me.

A few months after my mom's death, I met a girl. She was intelligent, interesting, interested in me, and very attractive. We instantly had chemistry and couldn't keep our hands off of each other - we had sex the first night we ever saw each other. 

Fast forward a month or so, and the girl I'm seeing has a death in the family - her mom. I think this caused a weird sort of energy in our relationship. This is really where I think things should have gone differently. I was constantly there to support her. I met all of her family, and was the shoulder to cry on for months. I thought at the time it would maybe help me get through my own problems, but it didn't. I think it made me resent her. 

She was so sad. And I know that death is unimaginably brutal to every person in its own way, but I think it really changed her. She became completely reliant on those around her. She needed my attention constantly, and it didn't give me any time to do grieving of my own. And don't get me wrong, she's not a rude girl or anything. She is definitely considerate, and will "listen" to me whenever I want to talk. She just never remembers any of it and often changes the subject to her sadness.

Seems like an open and shut case, right? Not the one for me, that's okay. It's been some serious time now, and she is somewhat recuperating from the death of her mother. I still don't "love" her in really any way... but I do care for her as a human being and wouldn't want to hurt her any worse than I needed to. However, I say this, yet I dont even consider her feelings when I want to kill myself. 

Remember the first night we met? We had a great, passionate night? She gave me herpes. 

I feel like I can't NOT be with this girl because I feel so stuck. I'm not necessarily a looker that's for sure, so I feel like putting "HSV2 positive" on a dating website probably wouldn't work out for me. 

So I'm constantly torn between being with this girl, or being completely alone. Or, just taking the easy way out. And I know that's never the answer, I'm a rational guy.

It just feels like it isn't up to me anymore. I truly feel like every single aspect of my life is screaming at me to do it. Everything seems hopeless, and I'm not sure who to turn to. My mom is gone; she's all I ever had. Just... give me a silver lining. I can't find one.

TL;DR: Mom died, put me in a depression, met girl whose mom died immediately, began a rough relationship where I felt obligated to care for her, all the while wishing I didn't have to. But she gave me herpes, and I feel like I don't get to pick anymore.