fiance and homelife.my sister and i got in a fight and we only recently met a year ago because we grew up apart. and she wanted her stuff back and said i was like my mom. and how she never loved me or cared about me.

my mom and dad traffiked me, beat me, lock in a room for years. and my sister said i at least got to grow up with them. but wont let me tell her that i was sexually abused by 3 of my family members out of the 4 of them i grew up with.

i was sexually assaulted and she laughed about it.

then we cut contact last week. i sent things back. 

my fiance and i were having a good time enjoying ourselves together. he was there when i was going to kill myself over what she was saying to me. even drove me to walmart to look and have fun.

&amp;#x200B;

i just found out 3 days he cheated on me. with his cousin. and shes younger than me. 18? idk. anyways.

he was crying hard saying he didnt mean to it got out of hand. i recently helped him get a new car. because his was broken. and its a 2016 car its nice. way too nice. and the first thing he messaged her was "look at my new car. go get pretty ill come get you" and it spiraled into them sexting for the first time. and how they wish they werent cousins. and i was going to throw up. i was so mad and sad i was shaking. he told me i was riling myself up. 

then we fought so much he was begging me on his knees to please please forgive him. and i did. 

but he told me he hated those girls with the same eyebrows and etc. he never complimented me. he was mad if i accidently knocked a cup over. like i did it on purpose or something.

then i see this girl and shes everything he told me he hated about girls. the make up.

i read their messages. how her lips were perfect. how shes precious. and its gross. 

and at the same time, it makes me think of how hes never complimented me like that. 

he said he sexted her because i never have sex with him anymore. but it hurts to have sex with him sometimes. and he said that he wasnt asking for sex with me alot.

they never had sex. she lives in like mexico. but im so heartbroken still. im thinking of killing myself.

he knew this week my sister left and i was heartbroken and now this.

he was the first guy to not cheat on me and he ended up doing it. 

i keep thinking. what did i do wrong. why am i not enough. i helped u get a new car. i got u car insurance. i was there when ur family was mad. i moved out here for you. 

he said that i am enough and to stop.

but he told me my family never loved me. i just feel horrible i cant stop sitting here thinking of it. i cant cry anymore. when i found out he cheated i was cold. not crying. he sobbed and i stared off at him like he does when i cried. im so tired. 

&amp;#x200B;

my life has been nothing but pain. my family hates me. they hurt me. i never had a real relationship that was good like ours until this happened.

i dont want anyone to diminish my feelings anymore. i want to leave now. i want to stop. my life is so worthless. call me a victim. say i thought of this the wrong way. say i want attention. i dont care. i rather die then sit here and be everyones punching bag. goodbye life.