Need help coping with a major crisis.Hi, I am going through a crisis right now due to having to take care of a mental health situation(I was told by the doctor he is physically healthy for his age) with my father who is also a perpetrator of physical and sexual abuse.

I'll start with the abuse part. Me and mother have suffered 15+ years of domestic abuse. My mom has received beating that ended up in bruises over something as frivolous as cooking food he doesn't like, or not picking up the phone any time he calls him, even if my mom was out grocery shopping(this is before cellphone)

As for myself, I've suffered things like, inappropriate touching of genitilia, various form of bullying, including practicing various wresting and other martial technique(i.e things police do to subdue criminals). I remember vividly him placing his knee on my skull, and putting the full weight of his body into the ground, as I felt like my skull was getting crushed. I also remember having to endure choke moves, in which I was not able to breath for 5-10 seconds.

Now, these things may not be life-threating in retrospect, but having 90kg male putting the full force of his strength to try these techniques.... as a 5 year old child, it genuinely felt like a life-threatening event.

Fast forward 30 years, my dad left my mom for another woman, his mental state has been declining. And ever since his new wife left her and my dad attempted suicide last year, his sibling(whom he doesn't get along with) has been pushing the responsibility to take care of him. 

I ignore it for the most part, but 2 days ago I received a message from my aunt who told me my dad was hospitalized due to epilepsy attack. She told me she is not able to take care of the situation and asked to take care of it, even though she lives 10 minutes away, and me getting there is ~4hr trip half way.. all because "he is your father". She told me that she can't go because she needs to take care of my grandmother who is also very sick, but I think she is lying, because when I called my dad's home late tonight, I found out that my grandmother was alone and my aunt has left for the night, completely unattended.

So I spent the last 2 days having to take care of the situation, and on the way back home, I just broke lose. I had episodes of panic attack, I couldn't walk, I collapsed on the floor crying and barely made it to my house. I am unable to speak, and having to communicate via text message. I've stocked up on supplies of food and water, and ask my family member to avoid contact with me whenever I need to go out to use the bathroom.

I had some time to reflect, and it basically comes down to. 1)Naturally I was trigged having to face my abuse perpetrator, 2)In order to take care of the situation I had put myself in a fight-or-flight response, be the adult to take care of my dad who is acting like a child... as well as fending off pressures from relatives who wants me to help him and try to build a relationship with him, and me having to firmly express the limits of what I can do.

And the crisis is not over yet. As far as the hospital is concerned, I am the caretaker, and if my aunt isn't cooperating, I will have to make the trip and take my dad back home, as well as taking care of all the logistical issue of leaving the hospital. I honestly don't know when I will be ready to speak again, so if needed I'll have to get through it via communicating with text message, as well as enlisting help of my family to take care of the conversations that need to happen over the phone.

The good news is that I feel like my mental faculty still seem to be in tact. I recognize that I am going through panic attack, and I know my physical response is not rational. It's not like there is something that's physically preventing me from walking or speaking, but I recognize the mental block is there. I don't think I am going to commit suicide just yet, but at the same time I've been there before and I can recognize that it can escalate to that.

I am honestly not looking for solution... I guess I just need to let all this out, and hopefully see through to the end of the crisis, and figure out how to cope with the stress as my relatives from my dads side will inevitably continue to press the burden of my father's problem to me(on a side note, they have always denied and downplayed my father's abuse whenever I confront them about it).
