My storySo far, this is just random thoughts in order of occurance, for the most part.

It won't make sense to you, but over time, I will write about each incident to vent and slowly put my life story together. 

So far, I wish to remain anonymous, only because I fear hurting those who hurt me... An example being family members who I forgive for being pedophiles.

I never see it as a reality and have never admitted this in any serious manner, but someday, I would love to write a book.

I am passionate about sharing my life story because I feel like there are so many lessons to be learned.

So many secrets, breaking social norms, changing lifestyles, and so on... I have been told on several occasions from professionals and those I care about, that one of these incidences alone can break people, let alone several consecutive incidences with little to no support when needed most.

I am a half Vietnamese and half native Canadian. I don't really label myself, but I see myself as an intersectionist, liberal, and creative type. I am in a somewhat open marriage.

I am the oldest of four. Three girls then finally one boy. I am 30 and the youngest is 13.

My family has been heavily affected by intergenerational ripple effects of residential school and the Vietnam War. My grandma went to residential school and my dad was a Vietnam War refugee.

My family is in denial that they are affected by these, but I see the dysfunction and wish my family was raised with all the cultural life lessons that were stripped from both sides of my family.

Part of it though, was also because I wanted nothing to do with each culture of mine. I have internal conflict from time to time dealing with internal racism. This is because I grew up in a household with a pedophile on each side of my family simultaneously.

Before a traumatic incident in Vietnam (that happened to me),  I was already diagnosed with depression, anxiety, and ptsd. After Vietnam, I have also been diagnosed with panic disorder, personality disorder (with substance use/abuse/misuse), sleep problems, and sometimes psychosis. 

My family doesn't believe or understand mental illnesses.

These issues have been triggered because I married a man who is also half native, half Irish Canadian. He and his family, too, have had a strange amount of similar experiences, from residential school to poverty, addictions, suicides, sudden deaths, cancer, and so on.

...

Some projects I have on the go that not many people know... partially because I try not spending money by staying home a day for various reasons I will give in detail later; I have this juvenile mentality of "don't ask don't tell;" and if people interrupt me, which always happens, they don't deserve or care about my time and energy...

So some projects are

- Modeling

- Photography

- Wardrobe collaborating

- Realistic drawing of a model 

- Various social media sites such as FL, MM, FB, Insta, and of course, Reddit. (Debated Tumblr and have tried so many other sites)

- Hetting high-end camming gear lined up

- Still dealing with EI after applying for sickness benefits early March (and again, more details of my old corrupt employer and unprofessional family doctor will explain a lot about my current issues later on in my writings) 

- feeling the need to sell things online instead of giveaway (feeling broke, desperate, and things are out of my control)

- family will be in town

- hoping to see an old friend outside of the province

- seeing a counselor who seems out of it, but it's free.. 

- "crime victim assistance program victim application" form. So I worry about triggering myself looking at the Vietnam case. Again, more details to come. (Long story short, I was raped by hotel workers and the corrupt police asked me for a bribe, and I refused. Family abandoned me and so on when I needed them most)

- just realised this morning how a huge part of my sleep issue has been my fucking cat who wakes me up at 5 am this morning and daily, but today I slept 3 times. I was like in sleep paralysis, my sleep was so fucked and I was just so out of it an angry. Wish I realized or thought of this sooner. I mean, of course my hubby and I talked about it and he told me to wake him when she wakes me, but he sleeps like a fucking rock and that still means she shits on my sleep, but again, just wish I realized how much this has been affecting me and the simple solutions that are out there way sooner.

- I constantly debate what I want to do for a living, wanting to combine my interests and give up on my dreams of becoming a tattoo artist. Art cleans my soul but I feel like I don't deserve to do it unless I "have all my chores done"

- my meds screws my libido and made me gain 50-70 pounds (again, that family doctor doesn't listen to my needs and I've been struggling to find a family doctor for months -again-), but yeah, this screws up the intimacy between my husband and I

Anyways, I'm gonna carry on with some of my other projects, but this shit is all constantly the murmurs in the back of my mind. The true mind of an artist? Lol all the rambling and late night whatevers.

Thanks so much for reading and any support. I would appreciate any advice &lt;3

By the way, I put this as suicide watch because in March, I admitted on social media to family, friends, and strangers of feeling suicidal, but here I am... still. Another day... another night...

-----

Childhood. 
Puzzla gpa

The hill
Skunk
Pet crab
Butrcrack 
Rob help dad fix glasses 

Hitchhiker 
Quiet kid alone 
Video game store
Turkey 

Jake
Uncle harry
Vanessa
Wendy's
Purple finger 
Fire

Smoke 
Bingo
Casino 

Ninja turtles /tales from the crypt

Magazines
Marianne 
GMA cry 
Dad crack
Jail
Ed
Masturbate
Diaper
Picked last

Native room 
Nurses room
Counselling draw

Mrs samson 
Mrs van orden soccer.. 
Olsen racist
Bingham Manson
Hale pc

Wendy
Walk alone
Gave away snacks

Car accidents
Phuong 

Dad
Hit head
No boys
No concerts 
Fat
Fat butt
Stubborn
Kiss better

Mom
Abortion
Remove iud
Lose one
Laugh in face
Nothing to cry about

Ed weird

Marianne
Smoke weed 2nd grade 
11
Sex with cid
Snort
Steal 
Break in
Alcoholic
Pizza hut
Back again from restraining order 
Get out 
Crack?15 garbage bags of cans, holes, yogurt 
Please give back
Keep quiet 

Doctor
Meds
Withdrawals/not enough chemicals 

2016