what am i even doing anymore? (WARNING VERY LONG TEXT).Let me start of by saying that im basically depressed for no reason, with lots of reasons to kill myself. Stupid? maybe. True? yes.
I have a boyfriend who loves me with all his heart. Thing is, he hasn't been himself lately and all he cares about is his youtube channel and the fact that he's failing school, needs summer school, and that needs to get a job to support his dead-beat family. Every time i talk to him he's just complaining and yelling at me that he and his life are shit and useless and doesn't listen to any of the help i offer him. Then last night i call him before we go to bed and he tells me that im acting weird. He also apoligizes for acting soc ruel to me and that he will make it up. Consitering the fact that he treated me like hell for almost 2 weeks, which is very-unlike him, i was drained. My soul was taking a rest because I handled him, my dead-beat mom and her step-daughters baby, my sister and her boyfriend, making sure my brother did his homework and does well in school, and also my own fucking life. Which im passing school with 4 D's and an F, going to summer school, getting a job and still having to take care of my family who can't support themselves. So i know why hes been so weird but he's dont nothing but take it out on me. Well, on the phone he starts crying says he needs his baby girl back, and it took me a while to wake up from my lucid state of dreaming. When i come back to being fully me i cry and tell him everything... And all he says is "can you blame me?"... Ive just got so much on my plate right now...
Last semester a kid was bullying me. I finally stood up for myself after years and years of being tormented and he picks up a desk and waves it around at me. My stupid fucking ass decided to pick of a chefs knife (culinary arts class) and threaten to kill myself. Well, everyone thought i wanted to kill him and when the teacher came in all she saw was me holding a knife. I cried and went to my next class and the principle picked me up and told me that i was being expelled. I cried for hours until my mom got there and got him to just transfer me for a year to this disciplinary school. So now im here, my grades are horrible, my depression, anxiety, and schizophrenia have heightened. Im going fucking batty. Not to mention, im taking care of my step sisters 6 month old baby 3 quarters of the time.
Ive gone back to smoking cigarettes and weed as relievers because i only see my boyfriend once a week, if im lucky. I get screamed at by my mom and dad all the fucking time for being lazy or too busy to do what they want. All im trying to do is take a fucking break because ive been living in hell for too fucking long!
When i was 10 my parents got divorced and i had to bounce around schools.
When i was 11 i got rapped. then molested daily by the rappest son for a year.
when i was 12 i moved in with a drug addict and her 8 children who neglected, starved, and beat us for 5 years.
In middle school i had bruises and scars from my years of neglect and the kids bullied me for that too. In 7th grade i started self harming and thinking of suicide. through the end of 7th, i started taking pills and drinking, not just booze but anything. cough syrup, i took my inhaler just to get head high, smoking weed and i even tried coke. Through out that, i attepted suicide 3 times... All 3 i failed and no one knew about. The pills have fucked me up long beyond repair.
Then in 8th grade my crush broke up with his girlfriend and started dating me. Ive been dating that boy for over a year and i love him. but hes the only good in my life. and when he gets down i have nothing to keep me up and no matter how hard i try i always fail him and myself... I cant do anything right and im a useless son of an ugly fucking whore with no talents and no future... I cant kill myself or he will too and then all his friends... but now that i think about it... I will see them all in heaven where we can be happy without pain... Id be doing everyone a favor... Thats the problem now... I think its a good idea... Id do it so i wont fail either... I know how, ive been planning for years...
(sorry for the super long text... thanks to anyone who actually read it)