What's the pointWhen I was 16 my girlfriend convinced me that if I really wanted to end my life so badly to wait a year and if in a years time I still wanted to then do it because its clearly what I really do want, i took an entire bottle of sleeping pills on my birthday a year later and woke up in the hospital and had to spend weeks in pretty much a mental institution. 4 years later I feel the same way. My life has completely fallen apart, In highschool I was "the guy who could get the best blow, extacy , weed whatever, my friends where pretty much return customers who would come over and get high at my place because they couldn't at home. But anyways a year ago I'd say I hit rock bottom, I moved out and went off to college, I spent the entire year so fucked up I barley remember what happened. I started missing school to stay home and get wasted I hardly saw anyone accept my violent acholic roommates who would only try to start fistfights with me. My girlfriend started coming around less and less and eventually left me telling me she would have left me earlier if she wasnt so terrified of me because of the violent pyscopath i had aparently become. These where the people I grew up with and I thought where my best friends treating me like shit day after day. I guess something in me snapped because I sold off the last of my blow and what have you and bought a motorcycle thinking id meet new people, it would take my mind off things and I could kind of... Start over. So I bought a motorcycle decided to take a year off and "find myself" or whatever. Since then I've just been scraping along the bottom of the barrel. Its been over a year since Ive spoken to anyone I consider a "friend" I didn't meet anyone on my motorcycle going to meets or whatever I'm like only one even close to 20 who seems to own one in all of Canada. I've pretty much been sitting in the same room playing the same video games alone without a single person to talk to for over a year now. I can't take it anymore I'm losing my mind. I rather end it all then know I have to wake up to another day of this. I just feel so fucking pathetic I don't know what to do, I'm not looking for sympathy or a reply and I'm sure this won't even make sense this is just the closest I've come to being able to talk to someone in a long time and I just needed to let it out. And no I can't "talk to someone" because my degree involves heavy machinery and I was told if I "ever did anything like this again" the first time I tried to kill myself I'd be blacklisted from working around anything I could hurt myself or others while operating. I'm just so fucking fed up I can't even talk to people anymore, whenever I do talk to someone its like an instinct to just push them away because their only trying to use me for something. Anyways sorry for being crazy on your subreddit 