I am ashamed, and I think I need to go.(An apology in advance, for the rambling)

Last night, I suddenly snapped out of my last few months of delusion. In short, I have been emotionally abusing my partner. I only switched on and realised this last night, so I called her. She confirmed everything that I realized, told me that she was too scared that I would shout at her if she told me before.

All of her friends hate me now, even the ones I didn't (indirectly) make her drive away. One even told my partner that she should get me to hit her, so that she has physical proof. (I assume they were telling her to report me and my behaviour.) I would never hit her. I literally never realised what I was doing until last night.

My parents had a bad relationship. I don't mean to make excuses, but not one single relationship I was exposed to as a child was healthy in any way. Many of them contained actual physical abuse. Even as far as POISONING, in one case. 

I have been controlling, I've become angry (this is an understatement, I was insane) when she wants to see her male friends, because I'm scared that she'll see something better in them and leave. Looking back, ironically, by doing that I was creating a reason for her to leave.

Hearing all these things confirmed last night has broken me. I have become every single unhealthy person who was ever around me as a young boy. She pleaded with me not to leave the relationship, so I have promised to her that I will fix things. We laid out a very clean cut plan, and I've put some measures in place for myself. If there was time, it would get better. Better than it's ever been.

But, I've written on this subreddit for a reason. 

I don't think I deserve to see that other side. I have been completely dishonourable, and I'm deeply ashamed of what I've done. I know that this will stay with me for the rest of my life, and it will torment me.

Therefore, I need to go. Completely. I'm a burden to her, our families, and her (previously our) friends. At the moment, I am aiming to go with the original plan, and once she is recovered and stable, I will leave a note for her. An apology for my shameful behaviour, and then I will hang myself. I would prefer specifically to shoot myself, through the heart, as this seems like it will be less traumatic for her or anyone to discover.

I don't feel emotional about that decision, and the end being so close scares me, a lot. But I think it's necessary. If we continue after that point, marriage, children. I might just end up creating yet another generation of abusive people within my family. I cannot allow that to happen. But I cannot live or function without her.

I'm not sure if I want help. Maybe I'm being delusional again. But it frightens me to realise that I feel more level headed, and clear minded than ever.

Thank you for taking the time to read this.