I no longer have a reason to liveI’m 36 and everything in my life has collapsed. There is no longer anything left. It’s like I am nothing. There seems to be no reason for me to continue existing. It’s hard to explain but everything I’ve tried to do has failed and I’m left with nothing. Absolutely zero.

I got sober from alcohol and cocaine about 4 years ago and I rode the pink cloud for about 3 months but crashed hard the last 3.5 years. In many ways my depression got worse since getting sober. 

I’ve been to therapists, taken SSRI’s but it doesn’t help. Last year I went on a terrible gambling spree that ended in bankruptcy. I had to leave my apartment in LA and move in with my grandparents because I ran out of gas, just couldn’t grind out the low paying job, pay the rent, etc...

I was pursuing a writing career since I was 22 and moved to LA 6 years ago after a stint in the military. I haven’t been able to write for 2 years now. I try everyday but am unable to get anything coherent on the page. Like I said I’m out of gas, nothing in the tank. 

What little faith I had in life is gone. I’m realizing that much of my adult life this far was built in delusions of grandeur that have now been shattered. Writing was the only reason I had to live. It kept me going. I invested hours a day for years and years doing it. I thought writing was going to save me but it ended up destroying me. I was son singularly focused on writing that I neglected all other aspects of my life. I have no skills other than a useless BFA in writing. I never tried to date since high school and am now a bankrupt, alcoholic, addict living with his grandparents. Any self respecting woman wouldn’t give me the time of day and I completely understand. 

Other than writing the only other joy I had in life was from drinking, drugging and gambling but these addictions are no longer sustainable. The joy was lost a long time ago. Any relapse would be a passive- aggressive suicide attempt. And I’m on the verge of relapse in the hope that I will die. 

I don’t know what do. Sobriety can’t  save me. Money can’t help me. A job can’t help me. SSRI’s don’t help. A woman can’t save me. 

The realization that I am fatally flawed is terrifying and knowing that my life is doomed weighs on me daily. I want the pain to stop but it only gets worse year by year. I’m terrified to think how I will feel at 40 or 50 if I make it there. The thought of living like this for another decade or more is unbearable.