Feeling hopeless and trapped. Even non-existence would be better.I'm 28, dropped out of school due to being a depressed fuck up, managed to get a job in the field I was studying but lost it due to being a depressed fuck up who couldnt get out of bed to go to work on time because I'm a sperg with no executive function. Got a new job but it's dead end and unfulfilling and I am constantly anxious I will lose it too because between the depression and the spectrum shit I can barely get to work.

Due to being such a fuckup I live at home and my Dad makes my life hell. He has no concept of boundaries and constantly invades my space, takes things I buy away from me because "you need to pay your bills not buy stupid shit" when that "stupid shit" is the only thing in my life that brings me any joy. He turns off the power to my room if I stay up all night on my fucked sleep schedule because somehow terrorizing me like this will get my life in order. "It worked when you were in grade school," he says to a person pushing 30. He says he's afraid I'll have to end up in a home after he dies but really I'm living it right now. How can I learn to live when he won't let me? I saw my psychiatrist this Thursday and after I regaled her with a tale of how my Dad removed my PS4 which I bought with my own income as a fucking adult and told me I could have it back once I paid off my cc again which I am paying off on my income she asked if I had anyone else, any relatives locally I could live with. But I don't. I don't have anywhere else locally to go, I don't make enough to live by myself and my boyfriend is on the west coast with neither of us having enough money to move in with each other. I'm trying to get better with managing these things but my own brain is trying to sabotage me every step of the way.

My dad fucks with my mom's stuff too BTW, idk how she deals with it. He has zero respect for personal property, his mindset is "if you just did what you were supposed to I wouldn't have to confiscate things". He doesn't understand that this is a totally unhelpful way to go about things, his brain can't comprehend it. My dad is a good person but I honestly think he may be where I get the whole spectrum thing from.

Tonight my dad shut the power to my room off again and told me he would be shutting power off every night to get me to bed which only served to enrage me rather than encourage me to get my life together. I feel like a caged animal that's about to lose its shit because my brain is keeping me from doing things AND my dad is fucking with my shit constantly. I don't have a place I can safely decompress. Putting a gun in my mouth or parking my car on the train tracks and downing a bottle of tequila seem like good life choices compared to this daily fear of having my dad rifle through my stuff and fucking with me while my brain tag teams my suffering.

Sorry if this is rambling, I've been awake all night despite the sleep meds.