Things will never be good againThe title is basically my feeling. I am lucky, looking back on my short life, I have had incredible experiences and just remembering things brings up very intense and profound feelings.

But, I will never be happy again. I just don't see myself in a world where I can be happy like I was just a few years ago. I'm not a teenager anymore, I don't have friends, and I don't enjoy things like I used to. 

I really, really hate when people say 'Oh, you just find happiness in other things,' or some other incarnation. They either don't understand what this means to me or are just fucked. So it looks like my options are end my life, or go on just for the sake of others and probably soil everything I love about my past with constant nostalgia.

But maybe I should clarify, I don't look at my past happiness with some familiar affection. There is a huge barrier between it and me. I can see it, and appreciate it, but where it used to be I could maybe watch a show, movie, or listen to music that reminded me of my past times in life and feel some happy comfort, now I just feel some weird pit in my stomach that is probably just my awareness that I will never truly be happy again.

I know I'm very anxious, and have never been too depressed but obviously I don't have much interest in things. I also feel at a point where I am supposed to be becoming an adult but for one thing I don't want to, and another is that I have no idea what I want to do. Really, no idea. My current major will leave me unemployed and poor or employed in something I don't want, and switching would lead me to a something I am not really familiar with but my best guess is just mere existence.

I have no idea what to do. I think about ending my life all the time, I am not sure if I ever could or would.  I just feel like maybe I have experienced everything life has to offer, and if so I wouldn't necessarily feel like I didn't get to experience enough (ie I would be relatively satisfied), but maybe I'm hoping that something will prove me wrong. I'm not sure. 