I realized that I lived for 2 things: one left, the other is slowly fading away.I'm not that good with words, I'm from Italy but I'll try my best to seek help.

TL:DR: I feel like my life isn't meaningful to someone anymore, and that's what I always lived for.
I lost the mental energy to be able to keep studying art so I can have an emotional impact on others.
No close friends to talk about this.
I don't feel anything for my family (lots of bad memories and experiences with them)
I don't have my dear girl anymore.
That would be the best time for an attempt, now that there isn't anyone texting or calling me.
 
You'll read only fractions of thoughts, when I feel like this I start having memory issues and I can't keep the whole picture clear, I'm sorry. 

I'm 21, all my life has been weird so far.

I started to not feeling anything for my family after some shit happened last year, things that made me mentally exhausted, I don't want to spend too much words with that.

A while ago I was in scientific high school, then I realized that wasn't for me and my classmates sucked, jokes on jokes about my appearance and timid nature.
I left my old school to go to art school, if I'll be okay I'll join art academy next year(I'm not sure)
Even today I still cant go out with friends from that school, for some reason it makes me feel so bad even if the problems are gone.

(I don't have any friends anymore because I act like someone that doesn't care, that's an unconscious action but I feel like I do it because I don't have the energy to make any kind of a human relationship grow.
Lately art came into my life, giving me hope for the future.)

Every art teacher I knew said to me that I was super good considering that I started just 3 years ago, my new classmates did the same.
Now art school it's over and drawing it's the only possibility I do have for the future.
Seeing so many people doing great at it makes me sad, it felt like I won't ever reach them.
That made me feel so pressured, and lately I've started studying literally 15 hours a day.
I can't do it anymore.
Tomorrow I'll stop doing it, all that willpower just faded away.

2 year ago I met my ex, we had a relationship of highs and lows but we've loved each other.
Yesterday after 2 years I broke up with her, the only other thing other than art that makes me not feeling empty.

She's a beutiful girl, other guys desires her but she's always been loyal to me, but that anyways gave me lot of pressure on my shoulders, I obligated my self doing things like having sex with her because I was too worried for something bad happening, because of me not being able to fulfil her needs.
I tried to be the best guy in the world, even at the cost of giving away natural feelings.

We decided that we should work on ourselves because it wasn't going well, the reason being we had too many personal problems to be together.
The only thing I can blame her for is that she always, was always worried and unsure about going away from our city that we both hate together and thinking about our future in general.
I can understand though, we're pretty young.

Initially it wasn't so bad, then I drove her to home and while driving back to mine something inside me just wasn't fine anymore.
I started smoking a ton of cigarettes, I didn't know what was happening.
I don't know how should I describe it, but it's like everything from that moment on felt mechanic , like if I don't have feelings anymore, all that pressure broke me in the end.
Looking at the mirror I still saw a nice looking face but but his body was so skinny and his eyes sad.
Now I'm at home, in my room, I don't need to explicitly ask what I need help for, you know.
Alcohol gave me the courage to write that post, for once it had an utility :)

The story it's too long and I need someone to talk with, I'm scared that my only fear it's doing something wrong and survive an attempt.
In the previous days I didn't feel like that.