I'm done after my grandfather dies.I literally have nothing to live for. Taking care of him is my only purpose right now and when he dies, I'm done, too.

I'm tired of how my aunt talks to me and expects me to take care of her, too. 

I have no kids yet at 28 I'm essentially taking care of two grown adults. He's legitimately bedridden, she's just fat and lazy. I've been on r/justnofamily before. Things won't change fast enough before he dies so I'm just holding on.

I have no place of my own or savings.

My SO believes "love is a vibe" with a switch so I am wasting my emotion and energy there.

I dropped out of college because I'm a dumb ass. I gave up a free ride because I wanted to "get away" when I was young.

I don't have a career and am currently unemployed playing caretaker.

I have no hobbies, skills, or talents.

I'm in medical, credit card, and student loan debt.

There's a good chance I'm infertile.

I have MS.

All I want to do anymore is just sleep and eat and go through the motions of the days.

I have nothing to offer this world, I am a drain of resources. I was an unplanned baby. Mom had me at 39. If she wasn't Catholic I may have been aborted and this whole thing avoided. I'm not really even supposed to be on this planet, sucking everyone else's oxygen and my fat ass eating everyone's food.

I have nothing to offer an SO, I really don't. I'm good as a body and throat to fuck but I have nothing to offer. Nothing makes me special or wonderful. Without a job, I'm essentially a leech. I'm surprised he's putting up with me (and living in a basement at 28!) but, since love is a switch, there's no guarantee he'll stick around. And I have nothing to offer future suitors except a pussy and a mouth.

So, I'm stuck in debt with no career and I can't get a career until I finish school and I can't finish school until I pay off my loans and I can't pay off my loans until I get a career... see where I'm going with this?

Past me fucked up so much that there's nothing left for present me.

Once grandpa's dead, I'm not holding on for my aunt or anyone else. Call suicide selfish, go ahead, but it's also shittier to keep living because it's what everyone else wants. It's shitty for me to have to keep living because you'd be heartbroken and have to deal with my loss after I died. I think it's the ultimate control to guilt someone into living. Once I'm dead, it won't matter. I won't care about your feelings.

I don't know how, although ODing on insulin seems to be the least messy and most convenient way.

If this post gets deleted then there's just more fuel to my fire. 👍