26 year old, I know what I want to do with my life, but at this point I'm just so tired of livingI've been contemplating suicide more often than usual the past couple of days. I've been doing my research and am already planning things out in my head. I'm so fed up with life at 26. A few years ago it would've been so different, I was always so damn motivated and enthusiastic about being alive. I always thought that it was wonderful to live and breathe and have so many possibilities to embrace. But, at this point, my financial situation is making my morale hit such a low point. I guess I'm posting here hoping that there must be someone out there who's been through something similar and can save me from a premature death and make me realize that no matter what the situation, it's all worth it and that one must keep on going. Do I need clarity and a little snap back? Maybe. I've been working freelance and am a diligent worker, but all the hard work doesn't really compensate well with what I get paid for. Am I entitled? Maybe I am, but how the world works sucks in the first place so I consider my point valid af. Also, working full time just doesn't work for me anymore after having to go through a couple traumatic experiences and understanding that my current field just doesn't do it for me.  


I live away from my family, lost my father a couple of months ago and have since had a strained relationship with my mother. In our conservative family, I've always been a "sore thumb". I always thought that might my stifling childhood had been different, this wouldn't be happening right now. But, who know, I might just be sugarcoating things. Heck, I'm supposed to start with art/design school next month in one of my dream universities to pursue a second degree. I consider this as an accomplishment as it's something that I've been aiming to achieve for the last five years, and now I'm finally getting closer to it happening. It's my passion and my advocacy, I always believed that the field that I have chosen to study would help me in my goal of making the world a better place (as cheesy as that may sound). But, fate can really work wonders. We're getting kicked out of the house that we're renting (without prior notice) and in order to move in to another place, I'd have to shell out a huge amount which I don't really have right now (although I'm trying my best to earn). And with all the things that I have to deal with at the moment (school fees, living expenses and rent), learning that we had to find another place to live in ASAP doesn't really help the situation. On top of that, I don't really like one of my housemates (the main guy who oversees all the transactions with the house owner), he's irresponsible (but he tries to have a front that shows how mature and responsible he is lol) and quite conceited. That's just very secondary though because if I had other options right now, I'd very much rather have my own place.  


I have prepared a suicide note and in it, the last line read:  


"I'd rather die than live a lie"  


I know a lot of people will be surprised and saddened should I choose to kill myself. I already can envision the sequence of events that will happen amongst my circle once it happens. And I know that in a couple of years, it won't really amount to anything, everyone should move forward with life when they're in a position that will allow for that (be very grateful if you are in such a position). What about my aspirations? I'd like to believe that I can achieve and work on them better if ever I'd be given a chance at a different lifetime where my footing is a lot better. Such is life.