Am I just kidding myself?I think I've hit one of my lowest points yet, but if I had to give reasons for it, they would all come out in a garbled, incomprehensible mess. Reasoning through my issues isn't helping very much, either.

I guess a little background might help. I'm 28 and married, and I have a little girl. Not too long ago I was in graduate school for school psychology, but the pressure of that program was so intense, and they frankly didn't know what to do with me. I'm hard of hearing, deeply depressed, and have struggled for over half my life with intense OCD tendencies and high anxiety... All of this translated into a clumsy, humiliating few years in grad school, and it felt like every kind of embarrassment I could suffer, I did.  After another person in my program committed suicide, I took it as an exit call. I collected a useless Master's degree and left. 

Now I've taken a much lower-paying job locally, and more often than not, I flounder at it. Sometimes I think I'm inherently not good enough, other times I feel like I've failed everyone, and I'm not up to standards even when I'm feeling less depressed. It's never been more clear to me that I'm immature, moody, have no useful talents, and am not nearly as smart as I make myself out to be. And I genuinely don't believe it when people tell me otherwise. What is there to be happy about when you really think you have no worth? 

How many times can I mess up before I have to recognize that I'm not worth anyone's time? How long do I have to stumble all over myself to realize I'm not useful? And does my daughter really deserve to have such a loser for a father? Doesn't my wife deserve much better than what she has with me?

These are the questions that I ask myself every day, in-between thinking about all my worst and stupidest moments, and planning the least intrusive way to end my life. 

Sometimes, I wish it was obvious that no one cared about or valued me. I wouldn't have to think about any of this, I'd just kill myself quickly and stop my bitching... Instead I have to think about what it would do to the people I leave behind. I know it's delusional to think they'll "get over it". But I also can't see a future where anything gets better. It feels like nothing has been truly "better" for years...