I can't stop thinking about hurting myselfAll I can think about all the time is drinking and hurting myself. I spend all day at work feeling fucking miserable because I'm such a piece of garbage and all I have to look forward to is when I can go home and get shitfaced. Then I feel even worse the next day because I'm hungover and hate myself even more, it's an endless self fulfilling prophecy. And I've started cutting myself again which is the only thing that can snap me out of a drunken depression fog but i hate it because I know it really upsets my boyfriend but for me it's a well working temporary solution to avoiding suicide. ive been putting on lots of weight because I can't be fucked to cook healthily so I'm basically living off of sausage rolls, vodka and misery (that would be a rlly good band name lol). Had to see my grandparents yesterday for my birthday a few weeks ago (I refused to see my family because they are cunts but my dad found out that my boyfriends mum had got me a birthday cake and so of course he got jealous because he thought his ~masculinity~ or what the fuck ever was being threatened so totally guilt tripped me into seeing my grandparents despite me telling him I absolutely did not want to see them) and they barely spoke to me, except for when my nanny decided to point out very loudly in front of everyone how much weight I have put on. Which was so nice as I was self conscious anyway, even before I yet again added a load of extra weight and bare gross cuts everywhere. (No disrespect to anyone who carries more weight, I'm naturally fairly thin and all my weight goes straight to my middle so it really expands and I end up looking like a really bloated celebration chocolate hahaha). I tried to hang myself the night before New Year's Eve but all I did was completely fuck up my chest of draws. Tied my dressing gown string around one of the top drawers. I guess after I passed out the drawer gave way because I woke up on the floor with half of my broken drawer on top of me, properly fucked that up because now I have no top drawer. Im going to try again soon, I need to prepare letters for my boyfriend, and my sisters who are only young. I need to clear up all of my things and prepare them to be given away. And I need to decide on the best place to hang the noose this time so that i don't fuck it up again. I don't have anyone I can be at all honest with about the state I'm in right now and I'm not looking for advice. Just feels good to express how I'm feeling.