What I'm gonna do.I have bought camping ropes about a month ago. Learned how to tie a noose. I think the steel rod in my closet is strong enough to support my body weight. Or I could tie the rope to a doorknob and then loop it over the door. 

I also tested how it would feel to cut off blood stream to the brain by putting pressures on my neck arteries. And I think it's not that bad. Just some pressure in my brain and slight fraying at the edges of consciousness. The unconsciousness would hit me fast enough according to what I found out by researching. 

I will not eat for 24 hours prior, if I can, because otherwise it'll create a mess. But then again, that's the least of my worries anyways. Who cares what my body would look like afterwards. I'll not be there. 

I've already given out stuff I don't have any use to other people. All I have now are basic things I need to continue existing until I do it. No valuables left. One thing's left though. I need to shred all the physical photos of me. That smiling child had been dead for years anyway. 

I live alone, so there's zero chance anyone would find me and take me down. So, I'm 100% sure I will complete suicide without disruption. 

I'm 31 years old. Time is running out. There's no escape and I want this to end. Although I don't have a specific date set for this, I reckon I'd do it less than a year at this rate. Especially if all the drugs and therapies I'm going through right now proven to be ineffective. I don't see any progress yet.

I know I'm gonna do it. Either impulsively or not. They say suicide isn't always planned. So, I think mine would be very well planned accident. 

As I'm writing this, I'm very calm. I know nobody can stop me when I decide to do it. But there is a very little part of me that's afraid of it, because nobody can stop me and I will die for real. There would be no attempt. No one will come to save me from myself. I will be dead for sure.

But I guess that's what I want.

You may ask, why would you even post this here if you know your plan and you're gonna do it anyway? Man, I don't know. Maybe I want attention. Maybe I want to write out thoughts online because i needed some sort of venting. Maybe I'm just a messed up shit.

Take this as you want. And if you've read this shit this far, thank you. No one in my life cares, but you cared enough to read this this far and I appreciate that. 


