I was rape and became pregnant. I regret keeping it!&amp;#x200B;

Ok, I'm kinda nervous to share this. And I don't wanna give to much details and information. I really hate my son. I don't even like saying "my" cause I hate him so much. I hate him the moment the doctor handed him to me and I knew I made a mistake. First off he looked nothing like me, he looked like her black ugly father, (the man that raped me) I saw the looks on the nurse's faces when they handed him to me. I felt disgusted and angry when I held him in my hands, I never thought he would have been so black and ugly. I have dominant genes and thought he would have looked like but I was disappointed.

Fast-Forward- when I bring him home from the hospital (i live alone) I tried my best not to snap at him and so I did everything I need to do then I put him in his crib. All of a sudden in the middle of the night I hear him crying and I got so mad so I went in the room and I punch him in his face and go figure the little shit start crying louder so I took him out the crib and throw him on the floor and went back to bed left him crying on the floor.

He's always crying like savagely crying, he opens his mouth so wide when he cries I can see inside his fugly mouth.

Today I completely lost it. He was crying because I wouldn't lift him up and throwing a tantrum. I was cooking on the pressure cooker at the time so I took off the stove and throw it at his head with all my might. He started crying louder and kicking and screaming so I started kicking him and stomping him, and I had to put ducktape on his mouth to make him stop screaming. I then start beating him with my shoe for a good three minutes. After I was done he stop crying probably after 1 hour.

Now I'm sitting in peace eating hot and spicy wings and he comes staring at me sobbing with his big ugly stupid blackface so I got very angry and I spit in his eye and he started crying and rubbing his eye furiously I left him in the room crying and rubbing his eye. After like half an hour I hear no crying so I decided to go back in the room and I see him just sitting holding his knees sobbing quietly. When he saw me he immediately looked to the floor. I went in the room and lift him by one arm and he started kicking me and crying. I dropped him and went out of the room to boil some water and I went back in the room and throw it on his ass.

He started crying again and I got so upset with the crying so I lift him up and went to the basement stairs and I toss him down like the piece of trash he is. The last thing I heard was him tumbling down the stairs and crying.

I haven't checked on him yet and I hear no crying anymore.