How does one with nothing to live for give go about giving their life meaning?I just want to start with two things:

* I don't want to kill myself. I love living and experiencing new things (even though they're few and far between). I love the world and would love to see more; so many people, places, and sights. The beauty that's out there that I can only imagine or see in pictures is mind blowing, and I love it. I want to be useful...somewhere...anywhere.

* Please don't bombard me with cliches. *"Go out and meet people."*, *"Throw yourself out there and try new things."*, *"I care about you."*, *"Don't kill yourself, give it time...wait a while"*, *"Don't give up."*, *etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc*. 


I'm not looking for sympathy, attention, or someone to talk me out of killing myself. I already don't want to do this and wont if I can find another option. I'm already trying really hard (have been for over 20 years), and I'm looking for a reason not to take that last permanent step.

Now that that's cleared up, I'll try and keep this short. 

*****


I'm pretty useless. I'm 27, live with my parents, and I've never had a legit job (made some cash fixing computers and making dvd's (not pirating), and it was even enough to get me a little ways through college), I have no fiends, only had one girl friend my entire life when I was 13, and no matter how hard I try I can't connect with *anyone*, not even people with similar interests (read: here on reddit and in the games I play).

If the community college I was attending didn't cut half the classes I needed I probably would have already blown my brains out already (yes yes yes, community college. Fuck you self-righteous haters I have no job, license, or car and the somewhat local CC is near my home and measly source of income). During my two years of CC I tried repeatedly to talk with people who obviously had similar interests, but I probably just came off as a creepy weirdo (the looks in peoples eyes when they look at me is fucking haunting). So two years of that and nothing to show for it except an abundance of memories of other people hanging out with friends and SO's. Needless to say, that was a heartbreaking experience.

Before and after that, I still try. I go to bars, the local street fair, concerts, casinos, etc. Anywhere where there is people. I just can't do this anymore though. If I wasn't trapped in this valley like a fucking drowning rat, I would try elsewhere with fresh scenery and new faces (even though it would most likely produce the same outcome, I still think it's better than giving up and ending my own life). Unfortunately I'm broke, can't get a job, I can't live with my parents forever, and I need to do something, but I honestly have no where too go. 

So I did some research! Perhaps there's volunteer work out there I could do; get away from everything and help people who have it worse than me (I rather do good in this world than pity myself). I'm in good shape, healthy, willing to go anywhere and do anything at the drop of a hat, and I have nothing stopping me except me...or so I thought. Uuuuuuuuuunfortunately you need to pay organizations to let you do volunteer work unless you have some sort of degree and/or work experience in some needed field.

So now, here I sit.


I can't help myself.


I can't use my useless life to help others.


I've almost completely lost my will to live, and honestly, it's scary; not the dying part, but that as someone who loves living I can look at not existing anymore as a preferable option without fear. 

So back to my question: How does one give their life meaning? I just want to be important/helpful somewhere (I can't even consider wanting love or friendship until I'm comfortable with myself and my life). I want to survive on my own. I want to be there for others. I want to use what's left of my life to do some good in this world. Honestly, most that probably sounds like a pipe-dream. I know what I really need is a job so I don't starve in the streets. But fuck it, hope has kept my alive this long, and regardless of what I would prefer I do *need* something to live for. 

Is there even anything out there for me? 



