Me [26 M] with my ex [25 F] of 7 ish years, are done (agian) and I think I am unstable.I don't really know what I'm doing anymore. Like my title says my GF broke up with me and I guess I want to know if it was all my fault. Here is my/our background. BEWARE LIFE STORY COMING UP. I'm sorry.  Tried posting in other sub-reddits but they wouldn't let me.


I have only been in a few relationships but they seem to last awhile. First serious relationship lasted 4 years until I turned 19 and about 6-8 months later I found the love of my life (I still feel that way) and we hit it off and moved in with each other after a few months (don't remember how many).
After 2 years of good times and a few hard times due to money and my gaming habits we ended up having a kid together. She wasn't planned but I was always willing to be a dad so we never really used condoms and after 2 years of unprotected sex every night (never pulled out) I assumed we had a low fertility rate and was super thankful we were able to have our daughter.


This was around the time that I feel I wasn't mature enough to be a dad mentally or financially but I was happy nonetheless. She gave birth to a wonderful and beautiful baby girl. After a few months I started to go to school part-time (side note I play video games/read books/watch anime and tend to get unhealthily obsessed and can't really get my self under control until it's to late).


If that side note didn't give you a hint this was around the time of our first "problem" or to me my realization that I need to quit getting obsessed and learn to slow down. My GF was semi-clingy and started to get mad at things I never really thought we big deals like not cleaning as much, staying up late, or masturbating.
Then it happened, she decided to end it (we were still living together because we couldn't afford to live alone). She started seeing other people rather quickly (less than a month) and then she moved out. We were still hanging out and having sex and I was very supportive of her and everything she did. I suspected she was into women as well and it turns out I was right as she started dating women too.


She met a guy just before she started dating girls and it ended up with her being raped and not feeling safe anymore. I being the only person she could trust or feel safe with decided to move back in with her and we started a friends with benefits kind of relation ship (I've always loved her and was just happy to be around her more). After awhile she started relationships with other women and this was around the time I started school full time and when my depression started.


I wasn't necessarily having trouble with school just that I couldn't focus on what I really should be doing. I was still playing some video games but I'd lost my desktop computer and was using my college laptop. I was able to get fairly good grade without much effort but I was still sad and wasn't able to make her happy due to my unwillingness to change my bad habits (I can see that they are).


I decided to move out because I was just getting more and more heartbroken while she was dating others. So I moved in with my best and only friend. He is sorta difficult to live with but I'm truly grateful hes my friend. He is like me but x10 when it comes to cleaning and very irresponsible with his money. I lived with him for about 6 months and I finally couldn't take it. I moved back in with my GF (I don't think we were dating at this time but we we've still been fucking since the break up) I guess I'm the reason she couldn't find/keep a relationship because she kept coming back to me.


We lived there for awhile and during this time I again wasn't able to keep to her standard of cleanliness and it was causing problems again. (note I was doing a lot better but I'd just forget or I thought she would understand). In the end I moved back out to live with my best friend again. This time it lasted for a year and my depression over my school work/failures made me hit another low point (this was around the point my suicidal thoughts started I think). GF and I started to get along again and I started to try to be better for her and my daughter.


My daughter and my GF are probably the reason why I'm still here. There is nothing in this world that came make me feel happier than these two. (I really should have grew up around this time but I stayed pretty immature I think) I didn't play video games that much since the break up but I still did. Then I got addicted to a phone game and I spent a good amount of money on it and I ended up getting a bit of PTSD or anxiety from all of the notifications. It was easier to hide it then computer games.
Then around this time a year ago (I hope the time-line is accurate) we started to get back into our melody and then this is where I fucked it up. (side note: my GF had a friend whom we hung out with semi-frequently) My gf took our daughter across state to see her family and I stayed back for school/work. We were getting pretty hot and heavy with the long distance talking.
Then I went to a Christmas party with my best friend and got bored. Currently the movie Fantastic beasts was playing in the movie theaters and I REALLY wanted to see it but every time I'd ask my (not yet at the time) GF if she would go with me I was turned down due to kid or work. So she's out of town with my daughter so no I could go see it.


Here is a fact about me: I HATE MOVIE THEATERS. I think they are a waste of money and time (UNLESS the movie you are going to that you want to support). Otherwise I just pirate it and watch it at home.
Alright so I'm bored and my best friend wont go with me and I have a fear or going to movie theaters alone so I ask my GF's friend to go with me and we went and I didn't think anything about it. I took her to my appt to meet my best friend to try and hook them up which backfired. We ended up just watch movies until we feel asleep. She didn't have to work until the night shift the next day so we she watched some more movies and I wasn't able to ask her to leave properly and she ended up staying longer than I wanted and it got super awkward.


During this time my GF was on her way back home from her trip and since watching the movie I'd forgotten to text her. The friend stay over for awhile longer and I slept the day away. Around the time she left I decided to see where my GF was and i told her what had happened the previous night and that her friend stayed over and I said that I don't think we would be able to have a threesome with her (bad choice of words and a side note: my GF was getting off on wanting to have a threesome with another girl and at this time she had a crush on her friend). I said what I said because while she was over I felt to awkward around her and I didn't feel comfortable enough to open up to her in anyway beyond small talk.


As you can expect my poor choice of words really hit her hard and at the time I thought nothing of it. I thought she was just still driving. Turns out she was analyzing everything I said in the worst case scenario and thinking back on it I can completely understand why. I was an idiot to think it would be ok to take her friend out to a movie just because I didn't want to go alone and I was retarded to say what I did after not texting her for a day.
Now at this time we were not dating but she is still the only girl I want to be with for the rest of my life and after my texts don't get answers and same with my calls I realize my mistake. Just in case I check this app she downloaded onto my phone to keep tabs on our locations (her idea and this was my first time using it) and it shows up that about ~50 mile from town her phone is disconnected and I start freaking out.


I assumed she is dead and I can't get a hold of anyone. After like 50 calls I finally get through and all I head is "Leave me alone I don't ever want to see you again" and I'm fucking crushed. Takes me a few days to talk to her and she still doesn't believe me to this day. I completely understand why but I've never been anything but honest with her and she was able to come back around (even though we had made up I don't think she really wanted to believe me).


So with that disaster behind us we started dating again this time I was MUCH better at keeping the house clean. I was doing laundry/dishes and regular house cleaning pretty well. I went from doing this every other day or two days to doing it every day.
AND then we decided to move back into a new place and I thought this place was perfect. It was close to the school I wanted my daughter to go to kindergarten. Was in my favorite neighborhoods and I just love it here. We were doing GREAT my depression had now transformed into solely a school related depression and I was mostly able to hand it. Then it happened and she had raised the bar again. My cleaning wasn't enough I'd gone from gaming addicted slob to moderate human and she still wasn't happy.


Hers some more side notes: She we to a tech school and got a 1-2 year degree and was now employed at our local hospital. I think she is doing great and is currently really good at her job.
BUT this being a very needy job that required her to do up to 70 hours a week she was getting stressed out very easily. I live to clean up around 2 hours after work (2 hours after she gets home) to give me some cool down and relax. Her being stressed at work doesn't see it this way. She sees it as I'm being lazy and that i need to do more around the house. I feel like even when I'm relaxing I'm cleaning up after us. I mean having a kid is a constant cleaning job. During all of this I also drop our daughter off at pre-school, pick her up, go to school and work most days.
I don't think I felt stressed about it or even that I felt i wasn't doing enough or too much. But to her I was still being lazy and not cleaning enough. (GAH forgot a side note: She gave me rules I had to follow in order for her to move in with me again and I wish I was better at them. RULE 1: CLEAN RULE 2: do well in school RULE 3: come to be by 9 pm)


Honestly I thought I was following these quite well I was always cleaning but it would always get dirty again and she would still complain. I was able to come to bed around 9-10 but it still wasn't good enough and she blames me for her not being able to sleep (By the way i forgot to say that shes being to stressed out because of her full-time job and full-time school). During this time I'm just so happy she's here. My school is getting hard and I'm struggling and my school depression is getting even harder to live with. Also I've stopped initiating sex because awhile back she was accusing me or only using her for sex which is false I just find her so damn attractive I'm always horny around her. The she says that since she makes more money than I do that I should do more work around the house.


This is where fuck up #2 is. My school starts to hit me hard and I failed some courses and I feel terrible I lost my grandfather and my great aunt the previous year and beginning of this year. Then I found another phone game and I play it way to much that I'm ignoring things again. I slowly stop exercising and I can't seem to do anything right anymore. I start just WANTING to die not just I'm sad anymore and that I am a bit suicidal but that now I can't stop thinking about it.


I'm able to get through it because they're here with me and they make me so happy. Then she starts getting upset. This last two months its been hitting me the worst. My unsure self is making me so depressed and this phone game is making me not stay focused. I wasn't cleaning as much again or when I was cleaning I was playing this game and during all of this I wasn't doing my homework. Now I started breaking rule 3 and I wasn't coming to bed until 11 then it was 12 then I needed to make sure I complete my homework or I might fail my classes again and I started staying up all night and not coming to bed. I'd get cold and get a blanket and just fall asleep as soon as I got warm.
Now see is upset and hiding it and I just feel like shit and then a few nights ago she she broke up with me and now it feels real.
I got mad and upset so I ignored it a bit and was trying to get my head around it. Then she goes out with her friends to the bar and she comes home and appologizes to me but she still wants to leave. I calm down and I start to get back on track and do what needs to be done again.


Then I read some text (I snooped and got nosy) of hers saying she made out with someone at the bar that night the day after she broke up with me. Now I feel worse then ever before I just hurt. I ended up crying my eyes out and I don't think I've really cried in like 6 years.


This is where I feel like I am losing it. I decided I was just hurt enough and I wanted her gone so I grabbed most of her close and he most used stuff and put it in front of the door and I locked the house up.


I told her to leave and that I don't want to see her again and that she should get a hotel or stay with a friend. She thought I was over reacting and didn't know I knew about the night before and what happened (She came home the night of and appologized and hugged me and told me a "half truth" and cuddled me). I was furious that she would cuddle me only 1 or 2 hours after she was making out with another person a day after "broke up".
I know that we've been broken up before and that she has dated in-between these but I strangely didn't care then.


She didn't leave and kept knocking and knocked and threatened to call the cops if I don't let her in. My daughter was with me and we were playing in her room and this was all said through text messages. I cave after she says that as I don't want to put my daughter through that.


Now shes living here until she can get a new place and I'm sleeping on the couch. I cooled down a little bit and tried to talk to her to work this out but she wasn't willing and says I will just revert back and that she can't take it anymore.


I've never felt more defeated and I sorta snapped. I left the house with no shoes no coat while it was snowing a bit and went for a drive and I wasn't thinking clearly. I just want to die. Fuck I'm crying again. God I just want to end it.


Im on my drive and I just can't stop thinking about dying it was just non-stop I went to a parking lot and curled up in the back seat with my blanket and just thought of how I should end it and if I could.


During this time she's calling me non-stop and text me how she loves me and all I can think about is dying and that she's so good at lying. I know she cares about me I know that but I just want to die.asdflk;hjlk She tells me SHe cares about me and that my daughter needs me. She calls my sister and now my sister is calling me. I just want to be left alone I don't think I can kill myself yet. So I tell her I'm fine and I just want time alone and I think she falls asleep now.


There are a bunch of places I could probably kill myself here and my best ideas were to jump off this cliff or go borrow my friends gun. I start to get pretty cold not that the car has been off four like 4 hours and I get uncomfortable so I finally decide to go home. It's a good thing I left my shoes and coat at home or I probably would have been able to walk up to the cliff.
That was sunday and monday I didn't even go to school. I just laid on my couch until I got a call from my daughters school to take her home because she got hurt. Then I "woke up" and started to go through my routine again. I cleaned the house and did the laundry and dishes. (laundry was supposed to be he job and it got pretty backed up but she was to stressed with work and school and hasn't been able to do anything lately yet everything is still dirty and my fault). Since the break up the house has been squeaky clean. I literally did like 15-20 load of laundry (small washer and dry so maybe about 8 normal loads)


Now I decided to snoop again and I found out shes been talking about me behind my back and while she isn't being openly mean to me her friends are. I feel the hurt even more strongly now. She said "I think he's losing it" to them after I asked about some guy she knows and I got jealous and asked who he was and if she was seeing people before the break up.
And now here were are and I hope someone is reading. I feel so lost/angry/sad/hopeless.


tl;dr:My GF dumped me again after 7 years of on and off relation ships. I think it's because of my inability to care more about cleaning and getting things done but I feel like my mild to sever depression and ADD is getting in the way.


OR is it also because she can't cope with her stress and can't take responsibility for working a 50-70 hour job and going to school full time when I told her she shouldn't. I feel like I shouldn't have been the one to de-stress her everything she's about to blow.
I guess my question would be am I going to be okay and any advice would be nice. I honestly believe she is still my one and only and I don't think I've ever truly looked at another women without comparing them to her since I've met her.

