I hurt myself today for the first time in almost a decade... I think I'm lost.I'm a masochist and this was my addiction for a very long time in life. When I found drugs, I stopped the self-mutilation. Then I put down the drugs, put them away for almost 10 years.  


I thought I moved away from it when I met my fiancé. I have a resentment because for over 4 years he used cocaine behind my back, while asking me to help cover his expenses - $15 000 in cocaine in 1 year it turned out. I was starting to move past it, then caught him with it again just meters from me about a year ago. Tried to move past it again but the trust just never fully came back for me.  


I was going to have  PhD in Chemistry but I became so miserable that I had to leave my program. I found work quickly. I am very good at Chemistry even without the PhD. 2 opportunities were lost, laid off. My current workplace is the most miserable imaginable. Cleaning up the mess of what essential amounts to an illegal operation in Health Sciences. I'm an Inorganic Chemist, this is not even my interest.  


My fiancé is older than me and needs a little more care.. I've failed him. He needed surgery and got it. That same day, he came home and because I thought he was "OK," I let him out of my sight... He fell down 8 stairs and almost died in front of my eyes. Then the hospital neglected him, and made me feel even worse because they put him outside alone and I had to race down the roads to get him. I cooked dinner for him today and he fell again, feeling weak, not realizing the food was ready for him.   


After this happened, I proceeded to cut myself more than a dozen times because I had failed the person that I loved most - again.   


The truth is that I am so exhausted from my work - I was at work from 10 am to midnight basically on Friday because of my abusive employer. Every day of the week, work lasted past 9pm.  


2 of my grandparents have cancer, one with a comorbidity of Alzheimer's. One is dead, and the third is very healthy and past her mid-90s, but with heart failure. My dad just underwent triple heart bypass surgery and now has an infected saphenous vein harvest site. I've never felt so cheated by time, especially now in plague days.  


I am probably 5 grand in debt, it's not helping. And I don't even have bad spending habits.  


I'm very drunk writing this, I have to admit. And I feel like the lowest of the low. I've had depression and axiety for a very long time - over a decade - and I thought that I was doing so well. But I've never felt Death to be more welcoming as it is today. I feel as if I am worth nothing, more harmful than good to exist in this world. I probably have a psychopathic personality, though I'm so terrified by myself that I don't think I could harm anyone but myself.