null titlei don't care if anyone reads this, though that isn't true or i wouldn't be posting in a public space. little lies.

when i go to sleep i think about killing myself. more and more lately.

i graduate in a year. i don't want too. i don't have dreams, i've just been rolling along with life and graduation means being proactive and i don't want that. 

i wish i had dreams. i just don't care about anything. i can't take anything seriously. the idea of dreams makes me laugh. i think that's why my six year relationship ended. i couldn't take her dreams seriously, couldn't imagine that she was doing anything but taking the piss, talking about being a singer to annoy me with impossibilities. 

that was months ago now. havn't been with someone since. 

i'm fat and i hate it, though not enough to get off my ass and work out. i bought a plane ticket to spain, and i'll be walking the camino for a month but that's just a way to kill time.

a lot of my life is just killing time. one hour gone, another, back to sleep, wake up, fuck, kill more time. i'm bored of my hobbies. bored of this entire charade, to be honest, but i'm too much of a pussy to actually kill myself so i'll just bitch at strangers and hope their sympathy makes me feel better about myself. i don't deserve to feel better than myself, i'm a piece of shit.

i can't stand talking to people, it confuses me, makes me anxious, yet there's nothing i want more than to be a normal person. i have a friend, i think, he might hate me for all i know and i don't really care. he's just a guy i've lived with the past few years, i can't see us remaining friends after graduation. i don't care enough to maintain relationships, my high school friends having all drifted away one by one. 

i'd go to a therapist, but i don't want to face my fucking parents. i hate them and i have no reason too and i hate myself for it. i can't make them bury me, but my family is long-lived so i'm dooming myself a very long wait. 

dying would be the easy way out, i think, and i've takent he easy way out all my life, who am i to kid myself. even if it takes me ten years yet, i'll probably end up offing myself. been thinking about it for five years now, i'm sure i'll get around to actually doing it sometime. 

i should be working, studying for my finals. i've been up for eight hours and have yet to shower, let alone crack open a book. my grades are fine, i guess, but could be a lot better if i gave a damn. a lot could be a lot better if a gave a damn.

but i don't, no matter how much i hate myself for not doing it, and i can't motivate myself, and why shouldn't i just kill myself, end this whole facade, i'm not really living a life anyway, just observing everyone else live theirs.

i'm going parachuting next week. maybe i won't pull open the chute this time. 

i wish i could accept who i am. lazy, misanthropic, narcissistic. that'd make things much easier, but i hate myself and why shouldn't i? i'm a terrible human being. i steal from my friends, food or weed or a beer here and there and think nothing of it. i can lie without remorse. maybe i'm a sociopath. no wonder i have so few left, i wouldn't want to associate with me. 

i think i'll go take another nap, my second one today. kill another hour, because why not

first i'll submit though, just another suicidal fuckup crying for attention