I don't know what to doHello.

I'm not sure where to begin and if someone even cares about what I have to say but I just need get this of my chest.

When I was younger my dad used to get really angry and yell at everyone, particulary my mom. Sometimes they would just yell at each other sometimes things started flying. One particular night it got really bad. I don't remember what the fight was about but I can remember everything else as if it happened yesterday. I tried to intervene and that was really bad idea. He then went after me and yelled at me for a while. My mom was crying a lot and dad kept yelling at her and throwing things at us. After what felt like an enternity dad calmed down and it was quiet for a moment. I don't remember what happened then but I remember my dad saying goodbye to me while almost crying, I remember the car driving away, I remember my mom freaking out and running to uncle (he is next house).

I was just confused. 

Few years later my cousin told me my uncle stopped my dad from hanging himself.

I was devastated. I just couldn't undestand why he would do such thing to us, to me. Years passed and I just blocked it all like it never even happened. He was taking some pills since then and everything was normal. Happy family again.

That changed a year ago. He was over working himself and eventually stopped taking his pills because he said it was making him sleepy and he needed to work. It was all yelling and fights after that. What I tried to forget in the past years came back and hit me like a bus. My dad was sent to psycgiatry few weeks later because he was danger to himself and everyone around him.

Few months passed and he came back. My mom loves him no matter what he does and everything just went back to normal. 

I never did. Couldn't look at him same way as before. Things just broke inside me.


Fast forward few months I got to high school and just tried to move on and forget everything like my younger me did, but it didn't work. 

I was always the "weird kid" in school. Never talked to anyone and ingnored whoever tried to talk to me. Back at elementary school I somehow made few friends but none were true friendship that lasted.
I don't want to get too detailed here.

It's been 3 months since I went to high school and everyone already talks about me behind my back. We are not rich family so I'm not dressed in top quality clothes and I don't wear something different everyday. Others are disgusted by me because of it. 

I try to wear headphones and listen to music whenever possible but they don't block noise.
They think I can't hear them and they make fun of me and share photos of me just being weird. Be it just starring into nothing or just sitting in the corner.  Thing is I hear every single thing they say about me and it hurts everytime. 

I once said I could hear them and they just didn't care and continued. Teacher didn't care either when she heard them laughing at me. 

I just can't handle it anymore. I started cutting myself, thinking about best way to kill myself to stop all this. They wouldn't even care if I killed myself. 


I don't know what to do now. I know my parents love me but I never said I love them. It's just as if I'm not capable of loving anyone. I'm just empty shell living from day to the next.

I just want to end it all but I can't imagine what it would do to my parents.

They are the only reason I'm typing this right now.