i am so incredibly tired.my background is a long road battling with depression and social anxiety. started at about 13, we’re now at 18, soon to be 19. 

i changed from the class clown, making people laugh, being passionate about things, loving life honestly. anxiety kicks in, makes me insecure and very careful as to what i did, how i looked, changed me completely. i started to lose myself and i started to lose friends. middle-school was very rough, i wanted to do the things i used to love but my anxiety told me not to. i started to just stay inside, be quiet, be alone.

i became depressed soon. little by little at first. i missed out many incredible things because i was so anxious i would embarrass myself or something.. i never did anything a teen was supposed to do. and i wanted to be a normal teen so bad. my parents were amazing, they would’ve let me stay out till the late hours, just to have fun.

but i couldn’t make any friends. i did try, fuck i did, really. i was genuinely myself, so nice and loving towards anyone. but when it came to doing stuff together, i couldn’t go out. couldn’t go to parties, never do anything. so i lost every person i ever tried to be friends with. because yeah, i’m boring. 

i had never been in love either. and i really craved love. i wanted to be touched by someone, held by someone. i was in physical pain over the thought of just.. feeling loved. 

so i met my first love online. and i fell hard. couple months of talking, he was having some of the same issues i was dealing with. we were there for each other, always. and he never pushed me to do anything i didn’t want to do. when we finally met face to face, it was like a fucking dream. it lasted just over 6 months. i learned to trust in myself. i even went to a little festival thingie with him, we danced drunkenly and kissed and hugged in the middle of a huge crowd of people. i felt like i was in a dream. all i ever wanted had come true.

but my depression kicked in, hard. money begun to be a huge problem. my studies started to go to shit because i couldn’t go to school anymore. i didn’t have the strenght to get up in the morning. i cried every day. i was in pain, huge pain all the time. 

i have a history with self harm, but now the thought of suicide stepped in. i loved him so much and i loved my family but my problems with money and my future were crushing me. i didn’t have a future. i couldn’t live like that.

so i tried to leave. took pills and hoped for death - which didn’t come. i didn’t die. and i was so broken. after finally having the courage, i had taken too little amount, i didn’t die. 

my depression became the worst it could possibly be. i was in bed every day, all hours of every day. i hated my body, the way it looked, the way my face looked. i hated everything in me, how i couldn’t keep up with school, how i couldn’t manage my money. living alone, i was alone all the time. except when he came to stay with me for a while at a time. 

he couldn’t watch me decay in my bed. he couldn’t listen to me cry out loud how i wanted to die, couldn’t listen when i’d weep in my mysery and pain, which i had every hour of the day. 

he became distant. wouldn’t tell me about his days anymore, meanwhile i’d see a picture of something which reminded me of him and i’d immediately send it to him. i’d say good morning and good night and ask him about his day even if i was crying in my dark room, alone in my bed. i’d put on a happy face, trying not to bring him down with me. i just wanted to keep him with me, he was the only thing keeping me alive at this point. he was my light. 

we talked a few days ago. i asked him what i was to him since he had been so distant, not being interested in me. he answered ”you’re important to me”. i asked if that ment i was still his girlfriend.

”no, but i hope you’ll stay to be my friend.”

i tried everything. i hid my sadness and only showed him love, like i always had. 

i can’t help but think that he got bored of me like everyone else. 

can’t help but think my body was not sexy enough, not good enough. 

i lost the last thing to actually keep me going. i know my family loves me, but it isn’t enough anymore. i can’t explain it, i don’t mean to be selfish. it’s just that they don’t do the thing he did. he actually shed a light to my life.

i can’t be his friend. i’m in love with him. i can’t even think about the possibility of him with someone else, someone better, someone more beautiful, someone more than me. i can’t stay to see that happen. i’m absolutely broken. it physically hurts me. i’m completely alone and so broken.

thank you for reading this, if someone did. and if the thought ”get a therapist” rises in someone’s head, rest easy, i have been going to one for many years. at this point there is no help. it’s the same shit every time. there’s no change, no new ideas on how to make me feel better. because there are none, literally. none. 

everyone else going through something similar; i’m so sorry for you. i feel you. i feel your pain. i understand. i’m so sorry.