Today is not my day, I hope.Having a really really bad day, slash night. I never slept and I've been lying in bed with these nerves that are now really making me throw up. I rationally don't want to die, like I know I have stuff to do, and I have employees that rely on me, and people I don't want to make sad...

But I can't seem to think of anyway anything gets better. At best, lesser degrees of terrible because time heals right?

A friend of mine who I've been in love with for years had an absolute surprise baby a few months ago, and "Dad" wanted nothing to do with her, found all her stuff on the front porch when we came home from the hospital. Now, this girl is my absolute best friend, and I took her in, and have been taking care of her and the baby for 7 months. I feel responsible for them, I support them entirely, hell, I was at the hospital and cut the cord in the delivery room.

For a few months I was so happy. I had the girl of my dreams and a beautiful, gorgeous baby girl to take care of. I struggle with confidence and depression and anxiety, and for the first time on my life I felt like I was actually worth something. I was doing more than barely scrapping by. People were proud of me. In my 30 years, I've haven't heard that since I was in elementary school. 

For a few months... Flash forward to now, I find out this friend, who was never been a people user before, has been lying to me about everything, has stolen from friends of ours and her mom, lied about her mom dying, has slept with a ton of our friends, all the whole telling me she isn't when I seemed suspicious... I feel so disrespected and hurt and betrayed. I hope I don't sound like a "nice guy" or entitled or anything, that's not my motivation behind any of this... She just needed me, so I made sure her and the baby were okay. But it hurts anyone to watch someone they want be with all sorts of other people... Can't help but reaffirm that I was just never good enough. 

She's been a total 180 as a person. I hardly recognize her, and if I didn't spend as much time with her, I'd wonder if she hadn't gotten into hard drugs. That much of a personality switch. 

I don't know what to do. I'm only here now because she made sure I was last year when I planned an attempt months in advance and told her so that there'd be no confusion about what happened. She made sure I was okay. I feel indebted to her... And loyalty is by far my biggest value. But the lying and stealing really aren't okay. But if I do the sensible thing, I never get to see my favorite two people and life isn't worth loving without them. If I do this, I want it to be before the baby ever remembers me.

But now after confronting her about lying, she's moved in with a "friend" and I don't know that I get to see her or the baby anymore. Shit isn't worth it. 

I want to be stronger. I wish I didn't have to out pour all this negativity out into the vastness of the world, that I could contain it and handle it. Bad moods are contagious, and I bring everyone down around me all the time. I know people are worried, and I don't want them to be. I just want to not hurt this much everyday constantly.

Sorry that this is so long. Thank you for taking the time to read it. I just... All my friends are sick to death of hearing me at all about this, and I don't want to scare anyone unnecessarily if I decide to not go through with it... But fuck man, that's really really hard right now. At least while typing this I haven't climbed up onto the bridge yet, right? 