Essential Worker and Dumb Love Rantif you are suffering from covid pandemic, or lack of job, or actual hardship in your life this post will probably piss you off. I don't mean to make anyone upset, so please skip this post if you've got real problems.

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

I hate working, I hate talking to people face to face and on the phone, I hate going into the gross building everyday, I hate these stupid boomer coworkers who refuse to wear masks and insist on inviting me over to thier house to socialize and then get mad when I remind them there's a pandemic and totals in our state are skyrocketing?? But then I could catch covid, and if it was quick about killing me I wouldn't mind too much. I just dont want to be miserable in a hospital 45 days prior to dying. just nice and quick.

On the other hand, working is good for me, it keeps me from dwelling on my problems, it gives me money so I can not be homeless. 

On the other other hand, money doesn't fix pain and now I can barely talk to anyone. I'm one of my few friends who isn't suffering because of covid. I don't have anything to say to them, because they have all these real problems with school and evil landlady, etc, I'm just collecting paychecks as usual. I guess normally I could distract myself with something to buy or do but not happening in these times. (unsaid part, wanting to also die like usual)

I am also now seeing I am horribly mismatched to my current boyfriend. He's a normal, likes to spend time with family kinda guy. I didn't really have a good family growing up so I've always substituted my boyfriends families. Well this time it isn't working out, he's really close to his family and I don't like spending time with them. They are all normal boring people who enjoy doing normal boring people things like watch talk shows and have BBQ cookouts and go to church. Usually I've meshed more with the boyfriend's family but this time it's not working. I don't talk about sports, I don't watch talk shows, I don't fuck with makeup, I like to talk about drugs and music and inappropriate adult things. And informed political discussion (I don't teach or explain you either understand or we're not discussing the topic) I guess I got really really lucky with the first boyfriend's family and I never will again. Most old people who raised kids don't enjoy those topics.

Well this mofo and all his damn family probably gonna give me covid too. they spend time like fucking four times a week since no one is working due to covid.

we are getting an apartment together which is truthfully kinda stupid, I should probably move out and  get my own place, but I was crying the other day because I know this isn't going to solve our problems. But dude will not listen. I already see that I'm gonna end up throwing him out (he has a home to move back to, I do not)  and I'll just be in the place myself, which I'm already dreaming about.

Because I am a profoundly stupid person, I only recently became afraid of covid (I've been watching this thing since January, and yet it was only in October did I start to actually feel anxious)  and I recently became aware of the fact that I don't love my boyfriend, I actually fell in love with someone else eight years ago and I've been pushing those feelings aside, for 8 FUCKING YEARS  and of course they felt the same 8 FUCKING YEARS AGO and blowing me off now (of course lol)  I'm just gonna assume they moved on, have a wife, have a good job, all those things that wouldn't have been possible for them if they had me instead. 

I'm never going to find someone else who loves me, I had it but ignored it like a dumbass because I was trying to salvage some other dead relationship. Now I have all this money I could be showering on the person I love but instead my wages are sitting around, collecting dust. When I messaged them, it was juts a friendly hey what's up. I have a fantasy that they will respond like 5 months later, and I'll be dying of covid and I'm just gonna say hey just trying to get in contact with you because I need someone as a beneficiary, all I need is your physical location and you'll have like $20 grand once the estate settles after I die. It's crazy I kind of wish this would happen so I could give them the money, because god knows I'm not doing anything with it. I know they could put it to better use they are smart and probably need it.

But no, I'll never hear back. Not even for closure. It's a nice day, sun is out. My boyfriend got a shotgun, he left to go hang out with his family and I feel like taking it, going for a hike, and shooting myself in a park. (if I shoot myself here in this house me and the rest of the residents be evicted if I survive, plus mess for others to clean up) I'll just leave instructions for the money to be given to a political cause instead of the unrequited love, because how miserable of a surprise that would be if he gets a lawyer call telling him the girl he fucked 8 years ago shot herself but left you $20 grand! 

It just sucks ass when you spent all your life expecting to be poor, and now you're not poor anymore but you don't have anyone at all to leave your money to, and your chances of dying by covid or your own hand are very high.