I honestly just feel like life is too hardIt's hard to know where to start, but I guess I'll begin with what prompted this. I have what's known as a pilonidal cyst. Don't wanna drown this in medical jargon, but the top google result is "an abnormal pocket in the skin that usually contains hair and skin debris," just above the tailbone. I got it checked out last year. It was multiple appointments where I had to bend over and get it cauterized to see if they could treat it without surgery. I had to stick gauze at the tip of my ass, keep waking up early or leaving work early, it was a huge (pardon the pun) pain in the ass.

Ultimately, they said that I would likely have to get surgery to completely get rid of it (though there was still around a 40% chance it could come back). They said that it wasn't infected, so they left the ball in my court. Since surgery would have me out of work for several weeks, I decided that I could live with the moderate itchiness just above my ass. I went back once this past January after I had some blood while wiping, but I was told again that it wasn't infected, ball was in my court with regard to surgery blah blah, and went on living life.

Anyway, I just had another "blood while wiping" incident, and it was bad. I stood up and it kept dripping out. Eventually, I broke out my gauze for the first time in a while to stem the tide, and cleaned up the parts of the toilet and floor that got bloody. I know I should call up the specialists I saw last year to get my cyst looked at again, but *appointments* just fill me with so much dread. I hate having to explain coming to work late or leaving early, I hate fucking filling out forms and all that rigamarole, I hate when people run late and keep you there forever. Yes: *the prospect of medical appointments fills me with more dread than bleeding on the toilet*.

That's where we get to *work*. I work in software. It took me a while to find a good job after college, I had a long period of unemployment and an awful period working in retail which both exacerbated my depression. This is better, but it's still hard. I'm not awful at my job, a bunch of people got let go a few months ago and I obviously wasn't one of them. But I know that I'm slow, and can be inattentive, and it can just take me a while to finish things. Or I can make stupid mistakes. Since COVID-19 and working from home, we're having three fucking phone meetings a day, and they totally throw me off my focus and exacerbate these issues. And everything is fucking slower and crashes more since working from home, but there doesn't seem to be a corresponding sympathy from higher-ups about getting things done. 

I have high-functioning autism and I imagine it plays into my issues paying attention. I don't know if it's explicable by "special interests" distracting me from less interesting things, or some executive functioning issue, or an undiagnosed ADHD comorbidity. But I've long had issues with it. I eventually managed to plug through it in college, and I usually plug through it at work. But it's hard. Like, getting through work doesn't feel *natural*. It's hard to explain.

My issues attracting women would usually rank higher on my list of challenges. But, a few months ago, I finally managed to have a hookup (I'm 27, and it was my first). It was nice. Gave me some confidence. But I still very much yearn for an actual partner, and a hookup obviously isn't that. I'm not *as* filled with anguish on that point since my hookup, but it still causes both anxiety and sadness. I've done so much shit to try and be more attractive: better clothes, personal trainer, "Bumble spotlight" and shit like that. When I think about all of that effort and the fact that it's resulted in *one* hookup, it seems almost absurd. Maybe something more will eventually happen, but I can't know that. And the ambiguity is painful. I'm a romantic person, I have a libido, getting so far into life without a partner is just painful. 

I know this is fucking TLDR, but if I had to sum it up in a bite sized edition: I often find day-to-day life incredibly hard. When the work day is over, I feel almost completely mentally checked out. But then I have to workout, or do whatever else may nudge my chances of meeting a partner. And any one of my other weird conditions can pop up and make things harder: pilonidal cyst, nosebleeds (yes I have *two* conditions that make me bleed), digestion issues, I didn't even get into this, but fucking *eating* is often a chore for me (look up ARFID). 

I just generally find life to be a fucking drag. Nothing comes naturally and the amount of work I put in seems disproportionate to the results that I get.