Am I a bad person? To start it is important to note that I am not an intelligent person nor am I able to write in a way that is grammatically competent. If you are able to bare your way through this (I'm adding this in as well to let you know that I am terrible at getting to the point and getting off track with this right here being a prime example) and are able to comprehend the insanity, helpful advice would be much appreciated.

It is important to note that I have ADHD, but my symptoms aren't bouncing off of walls unable to sit still they are inattentiveness or spacing out. So if you were to meet me in person as say a co worker you'd never know I had ADHD unless I'd of told you. Instead my symptoms would come off to you as me just not caring about you or what you have to say. From my perspective though it's like I have ten radios playing at the same time in my head while at the same time trying to focus on what you have to say. My issue's go deeper than that though as everyone's do as in my life I have developed a terrible lack of self importance. I'm not even sure I'm using the correct terminology to describe it as I've said before I am not a smart person. To give an example if someone reaches out for help about a problem they're facing I can't bring myself to speak up, it's as if my own Jiminy Cricket is telling me "No don't speak you can only make it worse! what the heck do you even know anyways? the last person they want to hear from is you". Again to reiterate I am not a smart person so I don't actually know if this is actually my brain giving me good advice.

All my life that I can remember I've been a closed off individual. With me being a person of significantly lower intelligence I have always had a problem with making friends. It seems to be the result of me being poorly socialized as a child, which I hope doesn't come off as me passing the blame of my own faults onto others. To go into more detail on this hypothesis I've been doing a lot of soul searching level research for the past couple of months now, and have come across the idea that it's important have your child properly socialized by age four or they will be rejected by their peers once they are left alone to socialize at places such as school. This had happened to me as during my years leading up to preschool I was never taught these basic skills or it could have been I was too inattentive for me to have learned them in time. By the time I was in school I had no idea what it meant to make friends I would just do what ever interested me the most at any given time. For example I would see a kid playing with a toy that I was interested in and I would talk to them until they would let me hold it, where then I would just take it and leave not bothering to talk to the person for the rest of the day. Doing things like that never occurred to me to be bad in anyway as the only thoughts coming into my head where "Oh boy I get to play with this toy" while the kid I had just taken the toy from would now feel hurt and betrayed.

I wish I could say that it only took me a year to finally understand that these actions were wrong but no I continued this behavior well past preschool. Although the entire time I was indulging in this selfish behavior I was completely oblivious to the fact that the kids I was doing this to weren't stupid, and that after I did it once they wouldn't let me do it again. This didn't make any sense to me as all I could think about was how I wanted what ever they had and up until now I received no resistance for it. After the initial seeds of mistrust had been planted I wasn't trusted anymore, now I wish I could tell you that I learned my lesson but once again I am a really dumb person and instead made a really dumb decision. For the first time in my life I didn't get what I wanted and had to figure out how to get past this obstacle. My decision was made although poorly thought through what if I told the kids that no longer trusted me that I promise this time would be different, knowing full well it wasn't the truth. My decision worked they trusted me again and with that trust I destroyed it immediately, completely oblivious to the consequences of my actions.

Kids aren't dumb but I was, I sacrificed the opportunity of friendships for the short term gain of getting to play with a toy that I wanted. I had no idea of the severity my actions had caused, completely oblivious to the fact that I was the villain in this situation. I had grown up with cartoons as my role models as it was easier for my parent's to plop me down in front of a TV than to police me around. This is a huge indicator of how serious my lack of intelligence is but watching all of these shows made me believe that this was how life worked and that I was the protagonist of this linear narrative called life. Believing that I was the protagonist made me then have to figure out what that meant to all the other people around in my life. Luckily for me TV had already done all the work for me, I placed everyone into stereotypical categories such as the rich kids, pretty girls and the losers. Creating the losers category helped to keep me completely oblivious to the fact that I was one of them where as I believed that I was just the normal kid.

(I want to go into a brief tangent to explain the actual thought process of my relationship between how I perceived the world and my dependency on cartoons. Being the low intelligence creature that I am I had convinced myself that cartoons and my life were the same excluding things such as not being able to walk off an anvil landing on my head. This doubled with my ADHDs inattentive day dreaming caused me to retreat into my mind all the time. I would always dream about how I wanted to be anyplace else such as at school I'd think about going home to watch the shows that awaited me when I finished school or doodle my own cartoon ideas all over my notebooks. Or when I was at home I'd dream about what my life would be like if I had a different family.)

My inability to understand that my past actions were wrong lead me to being distanced from my peers as I was no longer to be trusted and rightfully so. My lack of understanding as to how the world worked carried into how I performed in school. I had no idea what the actual importance of school was to me as cartoons had always joked that school was boring and stupid (This is probably painfully stupid to read as how could anyone be that dumb and I know it really hurts to think back about this). This ended up making me program my brain into thinking that this was just what life was, so I would just come to class and immediately zone out into my own world while i doodled in my notebook day after day retaining next to nothing from my classes. My teachers would always assume that I just didn't care about school and that I was a lost cause, when in reality I was just misguided and need someone to sit me down and tell me how the world really worked. I'm not blaming my teachers for how I ended up, life is really complicated and everyone has their own struggles even teachers and we are all just people.

To get back to the topic of burning bridges with my classmates I couldn't comprehend why everyone started to not want to hang out with me. (Just to note my selfish behavior I believe wasn't the only reason I was distanced from my peer group I was a very open person I had no filter and that doubled with my low intelligence mean't that I was a very annoying person and hard to be around). I ended up excepting that I wasn't liked and placed all of my classmates that disliked me into categories above mine which was normal. I ended up finding a new group of friends who were playing pretend in the school yard. I asked if I could join them and without even questioning it they agreed and we all began pretending to be wizards casting magic at imaginary monsters (I would much later come to the understanding that I was a loser who had found other losers to befriend). These were to be the friends that I would have through grade school and high school.

I had later in life found out that the reason we all got along so well together was because we all shared common ground as we all had a form of ADHD. My sheer lack of self awareness and stupidity didn't magically stop after I had found this group though I wish it did. I would continue to live selfishly pulling stupid stunts such as for example my one friend was telling a story where he had said he pantsed his brother and with out even thinking I immediately responded "you mean like this?" and pantsed him on the school yard. To me this was a hilarious joke but to him it was humiliating and he went to the principles office to report the event where then I had gotten suspended for a day. I remember balling my eyes out crying in the principles office waiting for my grand father to walk me home running over and over in my head about how my life was over and that I was in so much trouble. Not even thinking once of the possibility that my actions were wrong and that I should apologize.

This pattern repeated itself over and over without me learning a damn thing. I was and still am a colossal idiot and it shows that I really deserve all the bad that has come with my life. I continued my poor behavior over and over leading up to an event that would hit me pretty hard. I began to be ghosted by my friends as they would refuse to respond to anything I had to say and anytime I would try to hang out with them they would immediately say nothing and run off to another spot. Being the dumb kid that I was I would follow them to the new spots in a hopeless attempt that when we got the destination everything will be OK. This went on for about a week when all of my friends had called me over to an overturned metal garbage can that they had all surrounded with sticks referring to themselves as the council and the decision they had created was to decide if they were "going to vote to keep me as a friend or not". The decision was already made though and the council meeting was nothing more than a show to build up hope. This devastated me for the first time in my life I felt what it was like to be on the receiving end of what I had been doing to people all my life. Sadly though this wasn't the revelation I needed to turn my life around and wake the hell up.

I went weeks trying to win them back by giving them food from my lunches and offering to do things for them (I did all of this for selfish reasons however as I only wanted to win my friends back and things go back to how they were). They finally took me back but it was clear that things were not the same. I second guessed everything I said, I changed my opinion on things to fit their liking, I was living a lie. But this to me at the time was better than being alone since at least I felt like I belonged somewhere. I'm not trying to come off as a victim I know now that being a victim is wrong that you should grow the hell up and move the fuck on but at the time I knew nothing. This would happen multiple times to me during grade school they would start to distance me and then call a meeting of the council to vote me out. The last time they did it I was in grade eight but this time was different I had new friends to go to after they voted me out. For the first time in my life I had friends that when I was crying on the playground after losing my friends came to me and comforted me. They would tell me things that at the time I hadn't had the capability of understanding, they told me "Those people just use you and don't care about you, you're better off without them".

It meant so much to hear that and to have a friend group that I could open up to again. (I know this is confusing to follow at the moment but what i forgot to mention this whole time was how despite the circumstances of how it happened I did unintentionally figure out how to not be annoying. By being kicked out of my friend group over and over i learned to filter myself to only say things that other people wanted to hear as whatever I had to say wasn't important.) What i didn't realize however was what the influence of my previous friend group had on me (I don't mean to pass blame from me to them I know that I am also a piece of shit) I had become to afraid to speak out of line or to stand up for my friends. To give an example I had two friends that didn't get along to well together one would always tackled the other to the ground over and over. In my mind all I would think was "I'm sure glad that isn't me" never thinking for a moment that I should step in and stop it.

This ended up having that one friend leaving me calling me out on how I never stood up for him which was completely true even though I didn't fully understand it then. All I did was cry that was all I ever did when things got hard and life gave its consequences. It was pathetic I was always a victim because it was easy its such a joke. Moving from grade school to high school I had drifted apart from my new friends and we had all gone our separate ways. All of them to different friend groups they made over the summer and me to being back alone. What ended up happening after was my original group of friends had asked me to hang out with them again saying that they've changed. Having the abysmal self esteem that I had I agreed thinking better this than to be alone. High school went about as well as Grade school in that I spent my classes dreaming away and doodling in my notebook rather than paying attention to the important knowledge I required for my future.

My old friend group had changed we no longer defriended people in petty council meetings as something to pass the time. No now we all just encouraged each other to slack off in class and not care about the future. Being the stupid person that I was this sounded great having no idea what life really was about it was great to hear that it was OK to just not try and goof off all the time. If I had known now what that mean't for me I hope I wouldn't make the same mistake. High school went by fast I spent the whole time slacking off with my friends playing video games online after school and doodling during class meanwhile learning nothing. Once grade twelve came around we were told to decide what college to apply to for the job we want to start pursuing. I had never thought once what I was going to do after school not once I didn't understand what this mean't and just half halfheartedly decided to apply for video game development. This was the catalyst for the beginning of my whole world crumbling down.

I realize that I've gone this whole time without talking about my family but with me being the stupid selfish person I am I only ever paid attention to me my whole life. I will need to make another thread to write about my life with my family as this whole thing has really taken its tole on me reliving all this shit.

Long story short I went to college fifteen hours from home isolated from anyone I knew with an inability to meet new people and carrying a depression that has stuck with me through grade school. I didn't lasted the year before I flunked out I had just given up the real world hit me with a ton of bricks and at the same time my dad had died just taking him from me forever.

Looking back at this whole thing I realize that fuck me am I pathetic person, I mean if there is anyone to test the new covid-19 vaccines on its me because fuck who the hell cares if a worthless disgrace like myself has a bad reaction to the drug as I can't really go lower than I already have at this point. Finally to say it I've finally started taking medication this year to treat my ADHD and all its been able to do is clear my brain fog up enough to realize how fucked I am in life. I'm 23 now and I am no where closer to fixing my life then when I flunked out of college. The only good to come out of this is that I now know that I am a bad person or at least I believe so I feel guilt for all the things I've done in the past the people I've wrong the people I've neglected this is all shit I've never even thought of before and fuck me does it hurt. For the last time I'm a stupid piece of shit and i know that now it's fucking terrifying how I am just aware of how stupid I am and that I am just fucked. I just need to hear it from someone else after reading a chunk of my life am I as a bad a person as I think I am?

This is a repost from r/depression but I got zero replies which makes sense it's fucking pathetic, I am pathetic I am so alone only due in part to my own stupidity. The world really makes so much fucking sense when you realize that no one actually cares about you because everyone has their own shit to deal with life is so fucking stressful for everyone and to somehow find time for anyone else is a fucking joke. At least with the understanding that nothing matters and no one cares is that after I kill myself sure a small group of people will be sad but they will get over it because with enough time you remember that your life is more important. Peace out fuckers!