all my friends are leaving mecross post from r/depression with extra parts added 

i have extreme social anxiety to the point i don't go outside alone and it took 8 months to be comfortable around one of my now best friends. i feel like my absolute best friend is replacing me. she has new friends now and i can feel her lose interest in me. she used to text me all the time but now i'm lucky to get any attention. i can't just 'get new friends' i can't talk to people without crying i can't just 'get a job' i went to a day long trial once and cried 3 times. i thought it was good i only had 3 breakdowns. i can't contribute to society like this.

my dad thinks i'm lazy and he's not shy about saying it. my mom thinks spiritualism will help instead of doctors. doctors don't know what's wrong with me they keeping changing my diagnosis.

i know it's wrong to put so much importance of friends but they're all i have. my family says they care but they never show it i definitely never saw it growing up. i never made friends at school so the ones i have now mean the entire world to me they're the only people who talk to me and actually like me and if it turns out they don't, i don't know what to do. i feel pathetic saying it but if they hate me i think i should just die. sometimes my best friend doesn't talk to me for a whole day and i feel like someone has replaced everything in my heart with bricks.  my other best friend lives in an exact 12 hour timezone difference so we can never talk for more than a few lines of text a day. the only friends i know who live in the same country as me are hours away and never talk unless i talk first. i feel like i'm just a bother to them. about a year ago a friend i felt incredibly close with suddenly left me and said she was planning on leaving for a long time and that she only stuck around because she felt sorry for me. i feel like throwing up at the thought someone else i'm close with might feel that way too. i have thrown up. 

i've had depression for four years now and social anxiety as far back as i remember. i feel like i'm nothing. i can't live life like this. i've tried to change but i can't. i can't contribute to society i can't make meaningful connections with many people because my anxiety is so strong i can't speak most days. i can't keep going on.

i once attempted suicide by taking 70 anxiety pills that did nothing for my anxiety, they just knocked me out in minutes. obviously it didn't work. but honestly i'm willing to try again. 