Please just give this a read and let me know that you saw, even if you don't have anything meaningful to say.From the outside, I have a fan-fucking-tastic life. I am a 17 year old straight white upper class male. I am currently at the top of my high school class. I have a beautiful, sweet, sexy, brilliant girlfriend. The only thing I have to complain about is that my mom is an alcoholic, and recently had a baby. CPS is now investigating. It might be better if she gets taken.

I do everything right. I go to weekly CBT, I take my medication religiously (and I am on much more than a normal dose), I exercise regularly, I have never once had anything to drink or smoke, and I eat right. Everything should be fine.

But as you may have surmised from my posting here, everything isn't. Every day is a struggle to get out of bed. More than anything else, I think about how much I don't want to live.

It is a pervasive thought, and will appear from nowhere, even when I am thinking about things about as far removed from sadness as can be.

I consistently manage to kill my erections when masturbating, because I go somewhere dark. I am never safe, except when I am asleep.

The fact of the matter is that I am miserable to the point of planning out my suicide to the last detail (hypothermia feels the most poetic), and I have no idea why.

Of course, I can't tell my therapist about any of this. My state's laws are such that she is required to report suicidal tendencies to my parents and the state, which is likely to result in involuntary hospitalization, and as a result, she has no idea of the depths of my anguish.

I want to get better, but I am afraid to ask my psychiatrist for a change in medication for several reasons. The primary one is that it would take too much time. It could take months to get me to a normal place, and I can't deal with fucking up my life for that long. Also, I have been on my medication for over ten years. The withdrawal is hell on earth. It is more psychological pain than I can describe with words.

As a result, I am without options. I can't talk to anyone for fear of betrayal of trust, and every day gets worse. Some days I cry in my room instead of doing homework.

In the end, a lot of it is just a tiredness. I am so tired of life. There is never any rest, because no matter what, there is another thing to worry about, another task to complete, even if it is five months out, I focus on that. I scan for the next threat, and deal with it. I never get a break from my own mind. It never shuts up, no matter how tired I am. It is constantly moving at top speed. Meditation doesn't work. Nothing stops it. There is no escape. Thoughts are pervasive, and they are driving me to the edge. This needs to stop, and it needs to stop now. Please help me. Please help me please help me please help me please help me.
