I’m so done. I’m just so done. Absolutely, positively, fucking, done.I can’t sleep at night because I get RLS whenever I try and then wake up 10 times because of night terrors if I do manage to fall asleep so I’m tired literally all the time. I have zero goals in life, nothing I enjoy doing besides going home and playing video games, nothing I wanna go to college for, no job that I want, my grades are terrible and my parents called me a disappointment, everyone nonstop shit talks me, I might have gotten hacked recently, the few friends I have are overshadowed by the literal dozens of people who hate me and think I’m a toxic piece of shit, I’ve driven so many people away, Im a shitty boyfriend because my girlfriend always wants to go out and do stuff with me but I just want to stay at home and have her come over (or go to her house), one of my long distance friends committed suicide, I’m a shitty friend and usually take excruciatingly long amounts of time to respond to anyone who texts me, I’m even getting sick of playing video games and am slowly being overcome entirely by boredom and spend all day in bed because I have nothing to do, can’t hang out with friends in groups outside of school because I feel like such an unnecessary faggot that isn’t important to the group because they’d be having just as much fun without my pathetic ass, ex gf molested and cheated on me and lied to all of her fitness so now all of her friends think I’m a false rape claimer and I get shit talked for it, slowly yet surely disassociating myself with the world around me and I’m passing through everyday life in a trance feeling nothing but an overwhelming sadness, crippling self harm addiction out of a desire to feel something other than sadness so I can know I’m still alive while also wanting to punish myself as severely as possible for being such an annoying toxic piece of shit, hear voices and hallucinate extremely often to the point I think I might need to go to a psychiatrist but I’m too scared to tell my parents, I’ve tried to kill myself by hanging but failed because the shitty door mounted pull up bar I was using broke, etc etc.

I want to die. I want nothing but to die. I want everyone around me to hate me because the only reason I’m still alive is because I know they’d be sad if I died, but there’s no coming back from this. There’s no getting better. I’m in too deep, I already know it’s only going to get worse. I can’t talk to therapists or anyone like that because I don’t trust them and talking about my issues only seems to make them worse. I’m getting worse and worse by the day and I’m 15 pounds underweight because I can’t even be bothered to eat food half the time anymore. My literal only hobby brings me almost no enjoyment anymore and I don’t get to see my girlfriend as often as I’d like. I just want it to be over. So so so fucking bad. I haven’t been able to stop crying for like a full ass half hour and it’s not stopping. This is my life. I’m miserable all the time and have nothing I want to do with my life and it’s getting worse and worse by the day, and I can’t even pussy out of it because it would destroy my family and few friends beyond repair, so I just have to live with it.

This was very poorly written and I’m sorry, I’m sure it was a chore to read.