I have to believe that one day I will be rewarded for the good I have done/will do. I have to believe that the hurt &amp; misfortune I go through has a purpose.I have to believe these things in order to make it to the next day.I have to believe that one day everything will be okay. But will it?I keep trying and trying and trying. Nothing is good enough. I wake up each day and try so hard to be better. I try to have a positive outlook on life. I try to be the light in the lives of others. I always go out of my way to help someone or text them or do something to make them smile. But it is never returned. If I don’t text someone first, then we don’t talk. No one ever calls or texts or asks how I’m doing. Because nobody cares. I’ve put on this happiness facade for so so long that I think people just think I’m okay. They think I could never feel so low that I cry myself to sleep. Or cut myself or contemplate just ending it all. They don’t know that my anxiety has gotten so bad that I can’t control my crying or panic attack’s.  And those who do know, do not care.I used to be able to remain silent when being yelled at or look past why was being said. Now I can’t even do that. My instant reaction is to just break. I’ve bottled everything up for so fucking long that everything is the tip of the iceberg. Everything just piles on top of each other. And I just let go by crying. Because when I do try to explain why I feel the way I do I’m wrong.  I apologize for being upset with things that are said or done to me but no one apologizes for saying or doing the thing in the first place. I guess it’s just so hard for me to understand how nobody looks out for me because I am so empathetic with everyone and their feelings. If I know you’re going through something, I will try to make your day easier by helping you out and taking some stress off your shoulders. But when is it my turn? When do I get to have someone genuinely care about how I’m feeling? When do I get my thoughts and emotions heard and understood instead of bottling them up or being to blame? When? I have always been in the shadow of those around me who have mental health issues. And because Of it, I’ve never gotten help. Because my issues “aren’t as bad”. I need help so badly. I have considered putting myself into a mental health hospital but I could never afford that. I have looked into going to a counselor but no one is ever open during the hours Im available. Not like I could afford that either. I need help. I want to be better. But it’s so fucking hard when the people around me who have the resources to help themselves, don’t get help. They don’t realize how jealous I am i their opportunities. They have the chance to get help. They choose not to.  Meanwhile I’m struggling so bad wishing I could change. I’ve never felt so low in my life. My anxiety has never been so bad. My self esteem is almost non existent because every time I like something it is put down or made fun of. Every time. I don’t think I can do it anymore. 