about to breakdownFor the past few years, I've beaten the urge to suicide, but I can't believe that the urge is coming back again. 

When I was a child, I've always been told not to cry. My mom always told me to be stronger. If I was going to cry, my mom would try to hit me or stop the car, drop me off somewhere and make me walk home. Now, my mom has schizo which has been a great emotional burden on my shoulders. But this also reminds me to take in the lessons that my mom has always taught me. Since then, it's been hard for me to cry. I've been wanting to for the past week, but I feel so programmed to hide my tears and so I really can't bring myself to cry.

Which brings me to this:
My girlfriend has been completely ridiculous this winter break. She has been since she moved to college. She's been more depressed, argues with me a lot, and brings back past mistakes. She's a self-injurer and has.. not as moderate, but not-to-be-taken-too-lightly eating disorders. The past week has been awful. She came out to her mother about us on New Years Eve (we're both not straight), she told her mom about the self-injury issues (which was a start), but her mother makes fun of her for it. Thus, she gets even moodier and she has a greater urge to injure herself. She brings up my past mistakes that I've done, but she doesn't do it intentionally. It randomly pops into her mind whenever something bad happens and it's taking a toll on me. She stares at me as if I've murdered somebody when in fact, her cold stare is what makes me feel like it's trying to kill me.

I celebrated New Years Eve with her today because her mom invited me over. Her mom just found out today, so I was trying my hardest to impress her family. I also wanted to keep an eye out for my girlfriend but instead, she did the same thing. She brought up the past even before new years started. I can't take it anymore.

I came back home and I wanted to cry but I couldn't. I can't release myself. I hung up before reaching an operator for the suicide hotline for a few times already. I can't bring myself to talk this out. I'm scared of what I might do next if something stressful and traumatizing strikes me again. I feel as if suicide will set me free from this ball of negativity I can't release. I don't know what to do. There's never a break for me and I feel stressed and hopeless. 