I've escalatedI posted on here before under a different account but I had to make a new one and delete my last posts for fear of my intentions being made public by a friend.

Basically, I've become severely depressed - I can't live in the present because of my extreme anxiety of the future and my guilt and regret from the past. It causes me to feel very down and like nothing matters. Life has completely lost its meaning to me. I don't want to continue to feel this pain any longer. 

There used to be someone who cared for me and made me want to be happy and "normal." But I drove him to his breaking point and have caused him to become depressed and anxious. I destroyed the one person I cared the most about and I realized that I am not a good person. I will only hurt the people I love, as I have in the past.

I have no interests or passions, no chance of being able to afford school next year, no way of getting a job. My family recently moved so I'm isolated from my friends whenever I go home on break. 

I feel very indifferent about everything in my life. I feel numb to the world and to the people in my life. I don't want to be here any longer. 

I have attempted suicide 2 times in the past 2 weeks. First, I took a mixture of lexapro, Advil, alcohol, and zzzquil in hopes of killing me. Then when I failed that attempt, I turned to Tylenol. In a course of 3 days I took a bottle and a half. But that only resulted in me feeling ill for one day and then being completely fine. This time, I have taken a whole bottle of Tylenol in under 24 hours. I plan to go out tonight and get very drunk - hopefully I'll either die or some dumb mistake or I'll make it back to my dorm and finish off my NyQuil and I'll die in a few days. 

If my body is able to survive this attempt I don't know what I'll do. Maybe I'll take it as a sign that I'm somehow meant to live. I don't know.

Tristan, if you ever stumble upon this, I love you. But I can't go on knowing that I'm going to fail in life and that I've destroyed who you once were. I'm sorry, but I'm happy now knowing I'm finally free of this pain. Goodbye.