Need Some Encouragement (26/M)Incredibly depressed from online dating/a previous rejection from someone I really cared about. Said rejection occurred after she took my virginity, had sex with me again, and then chose some guy in the Navy over me. While we ended on pretty amicable terms (her saying she appreciated my honesty, there was nothing wrong with me, not feeling the same way never means there is) I felt crushed later. 

I alternate between feeling good about it (the sex was great, she said it was too, and she was 8 years older than me, sort of a juvenile trophy among guys) to feeling rotten to my core (as if getting to know me better is what pushes people away, as I'm very good at getting numbers/initially talking to girls). I have a trip to Japan coming up for a hobby of mine, but after that I've put thought into going to a sports store, purchasing a gun with a 3 day wait period, and then just shooting myself in the head.

My issues with myself are that I'm around 5"6/7 (even now want to add another inch), not good looking enough to compensate for that, and that my personality/existence is a cruel joke. I am at once an extroverted/charismatic person and an Asperger's ridden subhuman. My very existence is to meet other people, impress them with my energy, and then drive them away once they figure me out.

Moreover, if I have to see one more GOD DAMN post spouting about how some random girl wants 'a tall guy' 'someone '5"10'" 'someone at least as tall as me' etc I might actually just shoot myself now. It's so incredibly depressing to be denied fulfillment for something that I had absolutely no control over. I'm not an incel or some /r/niceguys cuck, but I lose the same way they do, and I feel their pathetic notions creeping up inside me.

That's about it, I've never been good at taking life's punches and lately I got sucker punched/rug pulled by what I thought at first was a serendipitous run of luck. It's actually baffling to me that she didn't like me, as none of what made us meet (connecting over a hobby, getting to know each other online) was based in fking. I suppose age difference is probably a large play here, but even with that logic in mind, other girls just seem like crappy imitations of her, and even then, these girls have no lasting interest in a guy who is 5"6. All it takes is one look at my many superior peers to remind them not to waste their time with me.