I don’t even want to sleep anymoreI thought I was holding on pretty well relatively with how bad my health is and how bad my parent’s heath is but I can confidently say I have never felt this bad in my life. I want to cry but I can only cry when thinkiny about someone and nothing else makes me emotional like that. I as conditioned to not cry since according to my father men who cry are homophobic slurs. I’m afraid of what I’m going to do. 

I wish I would stop caring about someone that I broke up with like 3.5 years ago. Everyone told me it would only take a year at most. I tried reallly hard to change since early 2019 but I have hit a new low. I still love her and it’s fucking pathetic man. I have no one to blame but myself since ai just became a really shitty person and ai have always been a complete social failure. I wish it was easy for me to just move on like some other people who dont seem very affected after some time. I hate dwelling on it but my mind goes there so quickly because it was the last time I felt happy.  Quarantine just brought me back to that dark place and it’s the worse it has ever been

I genuinely don’t want to even sleep because it’s the same shit of trying to distract myself from both her and my shitty health and I now understand what people mean when they say they feel empty or dead inside. I don’t even feel like a human being anymore. I feel so numb. I am not the type of person anymore to sit on these thoughts and accept it as I was pre 2019 but I cannot lie to myself and say ai have never felt worse. I want to fight this feeling but my heath is so shit that it’s so hard to do anything when you’re physically limited from whatever the fjck I have.


No, I am not complaining because I don’t have a partner or because I want anything sexual. I have zero desire for a relationship both because I just don’t want someone and ai know I am not in a good place for one regardless even if there was an urge. I hate sexual stuff because I feel so disgusting if ai talk about it. I wish I was asexual so ai wouldn’t have any desires. It was part of the reason why my relationship ended aswell: i let the sexual stuff get to my head andwanted it too often I became this disgusting perv when what should have reallly mattered was anything else man.

I just wanted to clarify that because I feel like I get silently judged as if I was complaining about mot having a partner

I don’t want to exist anymore but I’m afraid of death. I genuinely wish I was never born. I wish I had the courage to commit suicide so badly. 
I have zero desire to continue living. I want to be forgotten. I want to disappear.