I feel like suicide is a rational decision in my positionI was born with HIV. My parents delayed telling me so I found out when I was 15 and started on medication when I was 18. Around this time I started experiencing what I now know are symptoms of HIV related brain damage but for the longest time I thought it was 'just' brain fog related to depression and it'd go away soon. It turns out the feelings of extreme apathy, short term memory loss and general difficulty functioning like a normal person are all symptoms of HIV associated neurocognitive disorder. 

I'm now 22, and have dropped out of several universities and have finally accepted that despite my earlier academic achievement. (Before the problems with my brain I received an offer for an amazing course at my dream university- one that consistently appears in lists of the top 10 universities in the world). I'm now in debt with no degree to show for it. 

I've always struggled with side effects from the medication and I would always push through because I had a bright future and a lot to live and be healthy for. I don't have that motivation anymore and have stopped taking the medication. My health is pretty good at the moment and although other thann the brain damage I am symptomless, I now technically am classed as having AIDS.

I'm still living in my student accommodation right now but in a few months I will need to move back home. My older brother is a violent and angry person. He has fucked his brain up with drugs and is nasty, delusional and paranoid. He threatens to kill anyone who makes him angry. This includes me, my parents, cousins, even our grandmother. The last time I spent an extended period of time at home I ended up reporting him to the police because of fear for my parents' safety. There is no way I can live back at home.

I have nowhere else to go though. I've had one job in my life and if I were able to get a stable job as a waitress or in retail or whatever I stilk couldn't afford to live alone. Long term, I also need to get back on HIV medication. But I don't see why I should deal with the shitty side effects, wake up every day with a sinking feeling in my chest just to work a dead end job and live with an abusive violent drug addict. 

 I can't keep going. I've chosen where I will die and I will do it on Monday but the only thing making me pause is because my parents would be upset and although I'm not afraid of killing myself I'm afraid of the thought of just ceasing to exist. I keep telling myself that dying and ceasing to exist is inevitable anyway, I may as well do it now rather than after suffering through life for a few more decades. 

This turned out to be longer than I expected and I don't expect anyone to reply but it's been helpful writing it down.