Overworked, Exhausted, TiredI don't really know where to turn, but I feel like I need to talk about what's going on otherwise I may do something I would probably end up regretting. 

I've struggled with suicidal thoughts &amp; suicidal ideation since I was 13 (22 now) on consistent basis. Sometimes it's daily, sometimes I can manage to go a couple of weeks without feeling like that. It's been daily since about March and it's really starting to get to me. 

I work for three companies, owned under one large umbrella company. I love my work. Though for someone who used to struggle with anxiety at work and could only work part-time, now working three jobs 8-12 hours a day 7 days a week is starting to take a very large toll on myself. I have been pushing day in and day out to get all of my work done on time and still can't seem to finish it all. I wake up to work, and go to sleep to work on a daily basis. I do take some time in between to get my groceries or commute, but that's mainly about it. 

I have a boyfriend who has actually been my best friend for almost 9 years prior. I'm very happy with him and he makes me very happy. However, under this workload and stress I have been very irritable and upset around him which I can see hurts him. I really want to stop being so stressed under the pressure, however I can't seem to control it. 

Recently, I've been running all of my jobs as I normal would with the addition of promoting a very large event for one of those companies. With this event comes a larger workload, more time and more energy pushed into trying to make the event viral. I've been trying to keep a work/life balance in order to stay sane (and stay out of the hospital), however the stress of all of this work has become too much. I've been having panic attacks daily for months.  I've been googling on suicide far too often for me to feel comfortable with, and most days I end up crying/panicking for so long that I loose hours out of my workday from not being able to function (which also means a larger workload that just keeps getting more piled up).

Today was sort of a breaking point for me. See, the company hosting this event has a lot of positive support but also has people who are actively voicing their hatred and anger towards us as well. There were some happenings in the city of the event today that has proved unfavourable for our event and making people hate us even more. As my job is to oversee the feedback coming from the community, I have been reading through what seems like endless messages of malicious threats and comments about our company and this event. 

On the front lines of all this, and the work, I totally broke down today. I'm now sitting on my bed debating on if I keep moving forward or find something to get me out of this. I am so tired of feeling like this and now more than ever, as it seems like there will be no end to the mountain of responsibilities I've tried to take on. This is the furthest I've gone, and I would really like to see myself succeed. However, at this point I don't know if I can keep going. 