When does the failure stop?-obligatory apology for the wall of text posted from mobile.-


I always see these motivational posts that say "Failure is the first step to success!!" but it always seems like I never reach the sucess part. I'm constantly failing and never seeing any benefit of my effort and it's frustrating and has shaped a very nihilistic world view for me. It's been this way since I was a small child.

 Maybe failure leading to success is natural for normal people and I'm just too stupid to actually succeed at anything. I think my brain is broken. I make mistakes constantly and consistently, I just can't seem to do the things that other people do. 

In times of hardship I always used to use the quote: "Sucking at something is the first step at being really good at something!" But for me it seems that I just suck at the thing I'm doing and just never get better at it. This encompasses all aspects of my life. I can't follow directions adequately and usually result in pissing off everyone around me especially the people I care about.

I try to think that people's worth aren't their societal productivity but at the end of the day it sucks to know that I'm useless to society and a burden on everyone I care about. I can't learn things like others do, and I don't mean I'm just a little "slow", I actually never learn them. I could do the same task a million times and never improve at it; I just keep making the same mistakes in different variations. Any skill I've ever tried has resulted in failure every single time. Don't even get me started on highschool.

 People have lost their temper with me many times because I'm just too stupid to understand them. Too stupid to do the simplist of things. I've been told that I should have never been born and that people like me should be euthanized. I don't advocate that, but I'm honestly considering the validity in the first claim. My parents weren't mentally sound people and being put on earth like this seems like some kind of sick joke. The utter frustration I cause people is unfair. I feel like most people would be very relieved to have me gone, like an incessant ringing in their ears finally ceasing after so many years. 

They wouldn't have to put up with my stupidity anymore. They could find other people who love them and can actually support them they way they need to be supported. They wouldn't have to drag the weight of an annoying sniveling child who gets in the way when they have actual goals they need to accomplish. They wouldn't be trapped with me anymore.

 I want to leave. It's clear that people don't want me here and I've overstayed my welcome. I didn't even ask to be here in the first place. I want to apologize to everyone I've inconveniced. I hope they would forgive me for causing them so much greif and for ever coming into their lives. I admit to my mistakes. Every last one of them.

 I never wanted to be like this, it was never my choice. I want to stop annoying everyone. I want to stop being in pain. I know that I was never supposed to be born and existing is morally unfair. Its unfair to me and society. I may not want it to end this way, but I know that the most ethically sound thing to do is die. I'm selfish for not doing it sooner.