Im So SorryI'm sorry, I'm about to vent my feelings. I'm not like everyone else. I didn't get abused as a kid, I didn't get raped or anything and Im still ending myself. My whole life I've been alone. Since elementary school I saw how fucked up the world was, all the events of that time, the wars, the people, my parents arguing and leaving me by myself until it was night because they worked so much and expecting so much for my future, so I woulsnt be like them. Im sorry I can't meet their expectations. No matter my grades, no matter how hard I tried they only talked about how I could be better, I can't remember them asking anything on how I felt about this. On top of this no one would talk to me at school, I was bullied and the teachers yelled at me, I don't even know what for. My family is religious and I thought myself to be too. I didn't hate it at first but my father being a pastor would drill it into my head, I knew the religion wasn't the bad part but recently when I tried to tell them how I feel, my life and all the other struggles I've been having he said to me "If only you were more subservient to God, you wouldn't be like this". It hurts, im so weak, I try not to be affected by my parents but that line hurts so much. My friends kept telling me to talk to my parents and school did and society did so much that for some reason I thought it would work. I wished it went differently, I wish they cared about my feelings, my emotions. Me as a human. Im so selfish, I just wanted someone to love me for who I am. Im so scared for my younger brother. I love him so fucking much Im afraid he will turn out like me. The only person who knew is a close friend of mine who I told a few days ago when she reached out to me. She's also Christian and truly believes I will stay live, she doesn't wave religion at me like a weapon but she has been talking to me when Im breaking down (like right now), she treats me no differently and holy fuck I want to tell her how much I've been in love with her for the longest time. June 30, thats when I become 18 and that's the day Ive decided on. Ive been spending my time tying loose ends but today when my mom came in and started yelling at me about alot of things I wanted to tell her to fuck off and what Im going to do but then suddenly she changed and was telling me how much she loved me and talked about my future and everything. Ive planned this for so long I put minimal effort into everything so im going to a community college and I didnt apply for any scholarships like that but when she was talking to me I couldnt tell her, Fuck. I went on reddit and just wanted to see what subreddits there are on this and Im here now. My first time on this subreddit and Ive spent the whole day reading each post and sitting in my bathroom with the vent on bawling my eyes out. Im sorry, I dont want this to be a pity party but I just needed to vent today and I feel so bad that you guys who have so many damn problems in your life and im over here being a wimp. All I can do is read your stories and cry because I cant really do anything to help, and I dont know you but know until the end of june there is a skinny asian dude crybaby who loves the fuck out of you guys. If I remember Ill make a post to talk to you all when I OD.