Fine for two years, until tonight.Throwaway account just in case.

Anyway, a brief backstory before what's going on right now. I was bullied in middle school, starting about a month into 6th grade. My mom had to undergo surgery during this exact same time period. And, well, her surgery didn't go as planned. I'll leave it at that. Anyway, I was the fat, weak, emotional kid at school. Everyone used this to take me on. I was depressed. This went on through the end of middle school, and I expected it to stop in high school (I went to a school that was 6th through 12th). 

Nothing changed. I was bullied constantly. I had nobody I could call a friend. Junior year comes around. I meet this girl in my film class. She thinks I'm funny. I ask her out, but I find out she's already seeing someone. I almost kill myself, yet she somehow talks me out of it at the last minute. Time goes on, she breaks up with her boyfriend. Prom comes around, I ask her to prom. She says yes. We get prepared for everything. A night or two before prom, she texts me, saying she can't go, no reason why. I decide not to go. I basically threw out the money I spent on my tux and the tickets. Senior year. Somehow I make it through. Several days I'm tempted to commit suicide in the school, but I don't. Graduation. Never speak to anyone again. No thoughts of suicide for two years.

That leads me up to tonight. Few friends I've made in college, I've managed to ruin those friendships. Met a girl in one of my classes in January. Thought she was damn near close to perfect, yet I'm afraid to ask her out / tell her I like her. Go the entire semester, sitting next to her and talking to her everyday, not once do I express my emotions. Semester ends. Leads up to tonight. I realized that even though we are friends, that's all we'll probably ever be. And we aren't even friends as much as we are acquaintances. So here I am. 20 years old. No job. No friends. Probably a slim to none chance of getting with my dream girl. 5 foot 11 inches, 188 pounds. I have little to no social skills. I suck at everything I do. I'm stupid. The only things I'm good at are eating, playing video games, and surfing the internet. Can't do anything with those things in the real world. I feel alone. I feel hopeless. I feel like I want to kill myself. 