I'm feeling done with my life, I was fired from my third job this year today.My life is complete shit. I am a single mom of 4 at only 28 years old. I have all 4 kids entirley on my own 24/7. I have no one to lean on for help. I just got fired from my third job this year due to attendance issues, from me having to leave too many times to pick up my constantly sick 15 month old from daycare, or having to call in because of one of my children. She was premature and is always sick.  My job is the only thing fincinally supporting all 5 of us. My ex absolutely refuses to pay his court ordered child support, and does anything and everything to avoid it. I literally beg that man to please help us, as he has a job. He tells me he doesn't want to deal with it and hangs up on me and refuses to answer us anymore. I try to go to his mom for help, she doesn't give a shit at all. She sits there and boasts about this man to her family and friends, and his career and is just so proud of him, even though he has only paid me child support 3 times in the last year, his liscense is even suspended, and he hasn't spoken to his kids in months. Than she really can't understand why I want nothing to do with her, and why my kids don't even know she's their grandmother. None of his family cares what he does to  us. He has  absoutley no realtionship at all with these kids, the 1 year old wouldn't even know he's her father if she saw him. I really don't ever have a life, as I am not able to ever do anything from having my children. I have no friends, no money, and can't give my children the childhood deserve. The chances of me ever finding someone to date and that wants to take me and 4 kids on is probably next to nothing. Everyone has told me for the last year, "it will get better. Just hang in there." "You're doing great." When is it ever going to get better though?  It's been a stream of absoutle shit for us, with no end in sight. My kids see me cry more than they ever should. I feel like I can't be Mom and Dad to these kids anymore.