This is all so uselessI hate everything, the bullshit society we live in where everyone is glued to their phones drowning themselves in media that feeds them shit about how great life is and how perfect we are when all around us everything goes to hell. It’s all so fake and pointless. I don’t understand so much about everyone around me.

How can people enjoy this? Constantly on here I see people telling others to seek help but what if I don’t want help. I don’t want to live and I don’t want to get to the point where I’ve become so delusional that I actually think this life is worth living. Every time I wake up and don’t feel suicidal I feel like I’m lying to myself and I find a way to fall back into that pit of despair and I don’t even mind anymore because nothing is even worth being alive for. The only thing that has stopped me from suicide so many times is not wanting to hurt my parents. 

I used to be Christian but I don’t even believe in god anymore because none of it makes sense to me. Regardless what religion you believe, it means that over 2/3 of the world doesn’t believe it and then they go to hell. There’s very few people in history who truly deserve eternal torture and certainly not the majority of humans on earth so what loving god could condemn its creation to that without even revealing itself to the world. It would be one thing if a god said “hey here I am follow my teachings and go to heaven or don’t and go to hell” but there’s nothing, just stories written by scared humans hundreds or thousands of years ago. On top of that what about all the cultures throughout history who had their own religions and were never given the chance to follow “the one true god”. It all seems like children’s stories to me now and I can’t buy into it. I honestly look forward to the eternal black void that will greet me someday. 

Thanks for reading this pointlessness that I put on display. For those of you contemplating suicide on here I hope you find peace and I’ll never tell you to seek help because “it gets better”. Some of us greet the eternal void with open arms. 

TL;DR - Everything is useless including me