What's the point?For years, life has been a complete burden to me. The only time I really remember it being decent was first grade and before. I'm only 18 now, but I genuinely have nothing worth living for other than helping my step dad perform basic tasks due to his stamina giving out a few months ago and trying to help pay rent, both of which I can hardly do adequately anyway. I was thrown into foster care when I was like 12 years old, and eventually completely separated from my siblings. I'm incredibly lucky if I get to seem them once every 3 months. My mother abandoned me when I was 10 or 11. I've lived in poverty since I remember life ever being decent, so around first grade as well. I'm being forced into jobs and positions I'm not comfortable with, forced to do things I don't want to do, nor can handle due to me not being able to talk to people in any meaningful way without wanting to leave and call myself fucking worthless for not possessing even a simple skill like that.


The only reason I'm being forced into said jobs is to help my step dad financially, but I'm nearly positive that if I wasn't in the picture to begin with, or at anymore, he'd be fine on his own, with the exception of performing basic things like bringing groceries up, moving heavy things, etc, since as it stands, I'm a primarily worthless leech, and if I was to just end it I wouldn't have to worry about being forced to do things I don't want to do, people I don't want to talk to, etc for the sake of (essentially) myself. I just don't see a point in continuing on- as long as I'm alive, I'll have to do things I don't want to do, in order to keep myself alive. I don't have any friends that I need to worry about, other than people I've met online, my family, with the exception of my step dad, who will likely die within the next five years anyway are all as good as gone, and as long as I'm alive, I'm suffering personally. I know I'm coming off as incredible conceited and selfish, but if the only reason I'm alive is to support myself, why even bother? I don't enjoy life, and I doubt I will.


I have wanted to die for a long time, but have never had the courage to go ahead and just go through with it. Existence is suffering, I do not care how "lucky" I am for being alive in the first place, I do not consider living a life of suffering "lucky", regardless of all circumstances, be it mentally, physically, etc. Again, I know I sound conceited and selfish, and probably like a whiny little first world bitch, but it's how I see the world.


Really the only reason why I've not killed myself yet is because I'm too afraid of death, despite how promising not having to deal with any more bullshit seems. I'm also too afraid to tell anyone close to me in fear of them thinking I'm crazy, etc. I've gone 8+ years without telling anyone about my feelings in any meaningful way, this is genuinely one of the only times I have.