I’m afraid of the pain of death but I can’t stand this empty lifeI love it when people who weren’t raised worrying if food was going to run out........people who never had to worry about utilities being cut off due to past due bills (as a kid in a poor family)......don’t even know me......don’t live with me........don’t give a fuck about me........tell me that suicide is “morally” wrong because of their Bible.
If God was real,then why am I living in filth surrounded by homeless encampments while they continue to build luxury lofts in DTLA (California)?
I know,I know......I just need to get off my butt &amp; slave away 40 hours a week at Wal-Mart.
Now if i did that,then my life would only end that much faster.
Working for corporate shitheads like Wal-Mart or Amazon that won’t pay a living wage is not my fault.
Not everyone can blow years of their life getting a PHD or Master’s while living in a park.
How else could someone attend school without worrying about rent or bills?
Whoever you are that wants to feed me false platitudes about “things get better”........I walk home alone every night down a dark alley with no streetlights.
There are no streetlights because I live in a single room occupancy hotel in DTLA (CA) in an area filled with shelters.
This is where the cheap housing is,so I am forced to encounter 
the lowest of society.
I am forced to be exposed to drunks......druggies.......&amp; men just standing around waiting to sexually harass any woman who dares
to wear a dress or skirt.
I have chronic depression,hearing loss....among not being born with a silver spoon &amp; was raised by a schizophrenic father &amp; a physically disabled mother who isolated me,refused to let me go anywhere alone &amp; lived off disability while criticizing the homeless for being bums.
Hypocrites.
I can’t tell you a single time in my 31 years (I’m a woman) that I felt like I had a great life......or even a good one.
I was born in shit &amp; I’m probably die in shit.
I live in Skid Row........&amp; I see in front of my own eyes everyday that there is no God.
I can pass by Bel-Air or Beverly Hills or whereever on the public bus &amp; see the epitome of wealth.
I love these rich homeowner associations that complain about encampments in the cities but won’t allow the construction of affordable housing.
NIMBYs (Not In My Backyard) are the definition of evil......but as an atheist I do not believe in good or evil.
We all make choices but its how those choices pan out which society
defines as good or evil.
For what is evil for me may be good for you &amp; vise-versa.
Every night I come home &amp; pass the lowest of economic society.
People waiting at the bus stop staring at me like they have no fucking home training.
If there is a God.......then what the fuck is he doing while people are working 40 hours a week &amp; still qualify for welfare???
How can you be happy........how can you look myself in the mirror while working yourself into a slow death at Wal-Mart 40 hours a week???
It is a slow death because we will all die one day.
Guess what.........I like art &amp; theater........&amp; I think we need more of that &amp; less corporate welfare like Donald Trump’s 2017 tax giveaway to the rich.
I don’t have a job &amp; I live here rent free because depression,hearing loss &amp; undiagnosed autism (I’m a woman) make it impossible to maintain stable employment.
My county has a housing assistance program (Not Section 8) for people that were formerly homeless or make too little to afford the average apartment in LA because there are too many homeless here &amp; it was necessary.
If it wasn’t for this program then I would be in a tent,minding my own business.
Now before you get on my case.......I’m only 31 &amp; have been denied disability multiple times in the last 2 years.
I tried but I’m too young &amp; not sick enough.
Any decent man (who isn’t sleeping right outside my building or selling food on the streetcorner) on eHarmony will only see me as a gold digger just looking for someone to take care of them.
So to want a man who isn’t sleeping in his car makes me a gold digger?😳
Goodness help anyone that wants a man with a stable job,his own house,a reliable car &amp; attractive.
Again,I walk home through homeless encampments every night because there are no streetlights on my street which is dangerous considering the many encampments that come very close to my building.
Every day I am in danger of being harassed,assaulted or worse by people who’s biggest crime is being poor.
Just imagine,every night,fearing that some skinny crack addict is right behind you as you open the front door.
You call the cops but they give you a hard time or even worse don’t show up at all.
If there is a God up there.......he is allowing all of this to happen.
I can never respect such a being.
I take the bus.......the only money I have I get from financial aid because of courses I take towards an AA degree in Theater hoping to become SAG (film/tv union) &amp; AEA (theater union) to better my living conditions.
But noone gives a damn about any of that.
Again.........noone walked home with me last night or any night because like that Green Day song said:
I walk alone.
My life is in my hands &amp; anyone that would interfere with my choice or not to end my life is by definition........a fraud.
I won’t die today,but tomorrow &amp; each day afterwards is different.
Because after you’ve saved my life........&amp; the cameras/police have left the scene YOU will be gone &amp; I will be left alone again.
Because its not about my life.
It was never about my life.
Its about you propping yourself up as a hero &amp; a “good Christian”.
Excuse my language but let me end my life when &amp; how I choose.
We should all have that right.
Because if someone dies today then tomorrow the world keeps moving on like you were never here.
You can go back to your perfect life now.
​
​