Tired of causing other's painI don't know where to being... 

I for whatever reason get a kick out of being a fucking dick to everyone around me. I don't have any friends, so I just live and home with my mother and my brother. I've always for years always been rude to my mother and its been a habit now even when I dont try. She loves me the most out of anyone on this planet and what I'm doing to her isn't fair for her or my brother. 

For about a week I stopped talking to my mom (and my brother), and starting ignoring everything they did and said and just stayed in my room all day. I don't even remember why, it was something so stupid I'm sure. It started with me not talking to her and I see that got her visibly mad at frustrated with me and I don't know why I didn't stop then. I'm just so fucked up.

It started with not talking to her to slamming the door in her face every time shed try and enter my room and I'd yell at her and say a bunch of stupid smart ass shit. 

Today she told me that she had enough and in my fucked up way I had my headphones on to pretend I wasn't listening but I was. She was going to kick me out if I didn't start respecting those in this house and realizing how privileged I am. Which I know I am... I just don't show it.. Again idk why. I feel like I should have had this kind of shock when I was 7 to prevent my rudeness of being a habit like it is to her. 

She doesn't deserve this. My brother doesn't deserve this. I almost made her cry today. I'm so ashamed of what I'm doing, of what I've done in the past, I can't even look anyone straight in the eye anymore. I'm scared to apologize, I know my mother will say she forgives me but that's just her.  I know deep down there's nothing I can do to take the pain away from the years of shit I put her through and my brother. I don't think my brother will ever forgive me. And rightfully so. He's always been the good kid to my mother and I know the pain I cause on her is causing pain on him. 


I just don't feel like I'm worth living this life. I'm causing so much pain to those around me who love me, who the only ones I got. I can't do anything to take back my past and I'm scared I cant stop myself from being an idiot in my future. I'm ashamed of what I've done and just think everyone's lives would be much better simpler without me.

to;dr . I'm a dick to everyone around me and their lives would be so much better without my shit.