Maybe I have done nothingIm not sure what me being “smart” has to do with me constantly finding more reasons to kill myself than reasons to live. Im not good at anything anymore. I struggle to explain how I feel and what Im struggling with. Maybe there is nothing wrong with me and I cant afford to to get an hour with someone that can actually help me figure it out every other week. I dropped out of high school for seemingly no reason. My periods were heavy and I fell asleep in every class. I was weird and awkward and had no friends. No one ever tapped me and asked what was wrong. So I just left. I started leaving by lunch and then just stayed home and slept. I tried going back the following year but first week back I ended up being admitted. Every medication made me even more sleepy. There seemingly wasnt anything wrong with me because I was so friendly! The truth is it was the only time I was able to talk with out someone telling me to shut up. Maybe the obligation because we were all in a psych unit but it worked for me. All of my feelings have been invalidated. I dont even feel like Im treated like a human. I hurt so easily at the smallest things. Its easier to want to end it all even if its inconvient for others. Or threaten it anyways. This is the first time its real. Im so clueless. Genuinly clueless. I know nothing. My brain is a damn fog when ever I have to think beyond a few weeks. Im the type of person that appears to only make progress falling forwards. I wanted to text someone to tell them Im struggling and I have no one. I just have myself and I dont want me right now. Ive proven over and over that I need to be supervised when Im alone. 

I waited to let it pass. Im still sleep deprived currently but what I mean is, I know I can do more and need to, but I dont have knowlege of what I can do. I did solve my bleeding problem and Im not tired because of that all the time. I did seek medical help but bipolar? I have never had a manic episode ever because I would ride that shit until I was president of america by the end of the day. Borderline does align more but I still can get more information on what it is. They did not really help me understand it too well. The best way I can describe what I feel currently is hollowed. Im here I guess. Im incredibly uncomfortable. Mostly because Im lactose intolerant, but also because I self sabotaged myself? Or tried to 3 hours ago? Idk Im minimizing everything because I have job interview in over an hour that will change my life because just even getting my self a chance is lot for how blind Ive been. But I hate the obigation Im suposed to have for my family. They have not helped me out with a single dollar and expect me to give them money when ever I find some when I have nothing. I need to shower to wake up a little my brain is not right Im sorry I was not being rational