What is society?What the fuck.

I don’t get it. When something goes wrong, it’s my fault, when I don’t get anything I need or want, it’s my fault. When other people don’t get what they need or want, suddenly it’s a problem, suddenly people help them, or work with them, or cooperate.
All I get is insults and slander. All I get are derogatory remarks about “trying harder” and then those same people won’t let me in. There is nothing here, we just waste away, empty and alone, until we put a cold hard slug in the back of our skulls.

I am so sick of being told to try harder, I don’t want to talk about how I feel, because I’m just smart enough to know that humans only use that information to hurt you. Opening up to other humans can only hurt you, they steal your things, they tell your secrets, they slander you, they work behind your back to harm you, they maneuver against you to impede your progress, they gossip about you, they tell your insecurities to each other then attempt to make you uncomfortable.

I don’t get it. I understand there are “good people” but somehow I bring out the bad in them as well. My family doesn’t really care, they’re more concerned with how they appear to others. I can’t blame them, considering how others act, it’s just, there is nothing here. What am I supposed to do, just get torn apart and made fun of until I can quite literally no longer function or go outside? This just gets worse. This just gets worse. The more I learn about how other people feel the less I can relate to them, the less I want to relate to them, the less I want to be on this planet, sharing this sick fucking polluted atmosphere with these selfish greedy fucks who don’t care and never will, and that’s just what is. There is nothing here but a bunch of selfishness. That’s all life is. I get it, I’m not strong enough, I tried everything our society has to fix this but it did not work, because all that is just a panacea for the truth, that some of us aren’t good enough and never will be, because, at the end of the day…

The only thing that matters is beauty, it’s what we’re attracted to; it’s which flowers get pollinated first, it’s which animal gets attention. The runt doesn’t get, it dies. The ugly flower wilts and never reproduces.

What is the point of society if we don’t care about these facts? What is the point of building a civilization out of the cold nihilistic void that is animalism, if we’re just going to be animals?  The only conclusion I can come up with is quasi-slavery so technology can be utilized by the elite. Is that what this is?  An entire society built around exploiting us and nothing more?  Is that why, even in the face of ever-growing capabilities, the bottom keeps dropping out farther?  I need out now, I give up, this is not a joke, but much worse, this is terror incarnate.