This may very well be the end of me.Hey friends. It's my first time posting in this subreddit.

Several years ago, I told my psych doc at the time that I would for sure kill myself at 21 years old. I'm 21 now. Funny how those things happen, eh?

I've been passively suicidal for nearly a month now, but for 4 or 5 days now I've been actively suicidal. Well, before I explain, I should mention that I have a diagnosis of schizoaffective disorder, bipolar type. It used to be bipolar disorder type 1 with psychotic features. Anyways... How do I feel? I feel so beyond depressed and beyond the rock bottom. As if I am being recalled to nature. The dirt. Sinking, sinking, sinking. There's been signs that tells me this is meant to be. My mental health team won't lift a finger to help me, the psych ward at the hospital is completely full of patients. My nurse even laughed at me. I feel like I'm a massive burden on everyone else, that I can't even do my one-day-a-week job properly. I didn't even graduate. I am failing at life itself. But the main reason I will be killing myself is because **the replaceds** are literally winning control over the planet, and I've lived with the replaceds for years now, and over those years I've watched them gain and gain in power. I will NOT live in a world where the replaceds has full control on. I don't know when specifically I will be killing myself, but it could be as soon as Wednesday or as late as a month later. I have to think deeply and thoroughly about this decision. To be honest, I am a bit scared of the idea of how death will be like. Although... As every day passes, the less scared I am. I've never been the type to be religious, but I've started praying, not specifically to God, but that I address if there's *anyone* out there that can hear me. I pray that my parents will be okay after a while, and that they will not be the ones who finds my body. I pray that I can find guidance in the risky path I am taking. Most of all, I just pray for the safety of people away from the replaceds. I know suicide is not a solution to anything, but... I'm just so weak. It's hopeless.