I tried to open up about my suicidal thoughts but no one seems to really careI’m 29 with preexisting  mental health issues. I lost my job, my car, and my house all in the last few months. I lost my job to Covid (substitute teacher) my car to a bad transmission which I can’t afford to fix, and my roommate wanted me out so her boyfriend could move in. I said yes to the latter because I can’t even stand up for myself anymore. I can’t afford rent on my own. 

I told my boyfriend of 1yr that I’ve had mental health problems and that I think I need to seek help (I’m not ready to tell him I have a plan for suicide). His response was that I didn’t need therapy, I just needed to get a job. Like a job is suddenly going to make me interested in life again. The only problem being that Ive been applying to jobs everyday and haven’t been able to get a call back, and the only jobs available now are as cashiers at hardware stores, and as a teacher with two degrees and no interest in DIY, I really don’t see that being the cure all to changing my outlook on life. No hate to retail workers at all, I just know that after working as hard as I have to be where I was a few months ago, it would feel like a massive step back. 

My anxiety is so bad, I have a hard time talking to people now and will instantly cry and start trembling when I’m in an uncomfortable situation, even talking to insurance over the phone will cause me to have severe panic attacks. This doesn’t exactly make me a great candidate for customer service or retail and it makes me a burden to everyone around me. 

My boyfriend backed out of living with me, saying there wasn’t enough room for me at his house anymore, so I had to move in with my parents. I don’t have a good relationship with my dad.  I told them I’ve never been happy because of all the domestic violence I’ve had to witness growing up, the unfair pressure I felt from my dad all my life, and my overall situation right now, and that for over a decade now I’ve wanted to end my life, but never had the guts to do it. Now I’m more afraid and anxious as ever, because the thoughts are so intrusive, they’re constant, and I even have a plan in place to do it.  I think about it all the time. When to do it, who will find me, what I’d need to carry out the deed. They’re response was that I’m acting like a 12 year old and living with me is a nightmare. I’ve only been here for two days, and I spent most of it in my room, not bothering anyone except maybe you could hear me crying if you had your ear to the door. 

I can’t help but feel like a giant nuisance to everyone and nobody really seems to care or think that I’m serious. I feel like I’m a joke.