Fuck my life! FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK MY FUCKING LIFE 

Excuse the Fucking cursings!  
Fuck my fucking life!! Fuck Fuck Fuck Fuck Fuck Fuck Fuck Fuck Fuck Fuck Fuck Fuck Fuck Fuck! I wish I'd drop dead right now! I'm 19 male. I'm skinny fat and I Fucking hate it! And I can't focus to study for my upcoming exam which will be held in 2 months.. Ever since I was 17 I wanted to not to be embarrassed when I take my shirt off aka Get rid of My Fucking fuckety Fuckery manboobs and love handles and Fucking bellyfuckfat.. when I tried to go to a gym, my Fucking parents didn't let me..Then I started bodyweight training. After two years of training, Still the same. Fuck my body. Whenever I eat It only Fucking gains Fucking fat ! no motherfucking Muscle at all.My arms are Fucking skinny and My body looks like an old alcoholic's. My parents didn't bought me a pullup bar so I put a shovel between 2 walls and Today, The shovel broke.I'm okay though. Only a big bump on the back of my head and a couple of bruises.I got so mad that I threw the shovel to my neighbour's house.Still no consequences. And my.parents won't let me get a job till I sit for that exam.It's similar to USA MCAT, but harder. I.never had a Gf. All my life I was bullied and roasted by my friends. I can learn things quickly yet I can't Fucking focus for more than ten minutes. And no! Sometimes I feel like I can do anything..then After a while I feel like I want to die. I was a porn addict for 4 years. Quit it yesterday. I never had happiness in my life. And because I'm a fast learner, my teachers, parents and friends are hoping that I would score High on the exam..How the fuck am I supposed to do that? Fuck fuck fuck! And no. In this motherfucking country where I live in, We don't have that much counsellors or therapists and even if I Told my parents to take me to one, They'll just dismiss it.. and because of our Fucking culture and Fucking education system, We're not allowed to leave our homes and get a job till we sit for A/Ls and even after we get chosen to.university or med school, we live with our parents till we graduate (until we're 25)I want to die but I also know that's stupid.And I get so angry so easily, even at very small things like when a webpage takes a bit mor time to load or when my PC gets slow. And at my family and my friends even when it's none o their fault. Sometimes I get so angry that I punch a wall till my knuckles bleed..And then the rage is gone. And I always compare myself to others who are academically or physically better than me..Fuck this. And I never ever did (and will never do) drugs, always behaved good, never ashamed my parents yet they also Fucking compare me to whoever my bright Fucking friends when I'm not studying.. It's like I'm being lazy on my purpose.. I always try to study 10- 15 hours a day (cause that's the norm here) yet I end up doing absolutely nothing and wasting the whole day, Going to sleep as a failure.And I can't do anything in moderation. I get addicted to games, WhatsApp , Facebook and telegram easily. It's all or nothing. Did I say I quit porn? I'll end  up watching them again within two days guaranteed..Yeah I know that I'm shaming my username but I'm sorry Bruce. I don't know what to do. Only you and Eminem gives me strength. But I think I'm gonna lose it too. Sometimes I feel like I'm a narcissist. I never said these things to anyone . But now I'm airing all of my problems here. FUCK MY LIFE! Thank you for reading. And I feel like after typing this, my anger and frustration is gone  and now I feel like I can do anything.. What is wrong with me? I'm sorry for the long post..And I know I'm playing the victim mentality. I'm so sorry. I'm not doing this for attention. I've created reddit account to talk about Batman and Eminem since they're my role models and I have no one to talk to about them. And when this incident happened today and When I thought about suicide, I remembered r/SuicideWatch. Cause whenever Im feeling down, I'll google "Fuck 'whatever reason I'm frustrated or angry about' Reddit " and here and r/rant are where I'll land often. And Believe me, You've saved me many times even when I didn't have an account.I'm really sorry for the long post. If you've read this far, Thank you.. I want to get out of this and Start studying and working out too. But now that my shovel is broken, I can't do chin ups anymore. I don't know what to do....Any advice would be appreciated.I'm crying man..I don't feel like I want to suicide now..But I swear these thoughts will come again when I'm down and frustrated ...or when I can't study and I blame myself for my stupidity and laziness..I've never told these to anyone else. Now I have an outlet  
Any advice would be appreciated.  
And I have zero discipline.I want to build that too. I've read maybe hundreds of self help articles, videos and reddit posts about studying, working out,anger management,discipline,depression and I tried to apply them but everytime, I end up where I started. TBH I've lost 10Kgs in two months (Very unhealthy way, I barely ate when I started out) I don't wanna be like this anymore..

Sorry for grammar/spelling Mistakes.. I don't have much time to edit..All you advices are appreciated .. Thank you reddit