Everything I cared about is ruined and gone.My entire life's passion has always been science, but it has come to my intention that I can't even understand basic equations. That makes my dream jobs (Theoretical Physics, Quantum Physics) completely impossible. 

My secondary goal was to become a Weapons Engineer. Too bad that this is impossible as well. My single biggest fear in my life is airplanes, and I do not feel I am mentally stable enough to work in such a field.

I am sadistic. This is not some exaggeration. People I know, people I've met, and people I've spoken to, I care about. Everyone else is worthless to me. Worthless does not equal "bad", mind you. It means absolute zero. They practically don't exist, seeing as my mind never even knew they existed in the first place. When I get saddened, or rather, when I should, I get angry. I cure this via viewing snuff films online, and other videos of gore and death. It soothes me. It keeps me calm and puts everything back into some form of happiness. It is the only thing that can make me happy in an instant, without question. The absolute second I start watching, every thought, every bit of anger/sadness, and every problem goes away. The world seems perfect for the duration of the video.

I have no interest in a relationship currently, and have turned down sexual intercourse countless times. Honestly, I believe my interest in anatomy has overtaken my sex drive completely. I think about gore very much, and sexual intercourse very little.

Even as a small child I loved it. I used to love playing in the gore of the animals people shot whilst hunting, during the skinning/gutting section of the kill.

I'm not "crazy", and I'm not a "psychopath". I'm just as good, if not better than most people I've met, simply because I follow a logical route of thinking in life. I just simply don't belong.

The only reason I haven't given myself a fast travel off of this beautiful Earth, is because I do not think I am willing to go into nonexistence yet.

In short, my life's goals are completely impossible, I don't fit into society as a productive member, nor a person by the public eye, and  I'm only hesitating suicide because I'm not sure if I'm ready for nonexistence.

My young self used to say I wanted to be dead before thirty. I believe it may be coming far before that.