I know I need help but I'm not sure how to get itObligatory first time poster, apologies if this is in the wrong forum and for the tremendously long length, and anything else that I might mess up.

I've had depression and anxiety for more years than I know. My depression seems to feed off of my anxiety, so the more I worry about things, the more depressed I get, then I start to give up hope and become completely unproductive. Then I get upset with myself for being unproductive and I get depressed and it's a vicious cycle. I often think "what's the point, I'd do more good for this this world dead than alive." I was only recently diagnosed four months ago. It's been getting worse recently.

Shortly after starting my medication, because I wasn't taking it regularly, I was considering suicide. This isn't new for me, but this was my second worse episode. I laid in bed for literally 20 hours, either forcing myself to sleep or crying for hours on end. After my medication became more regulated, I felt great! My problems still existed, but they just didn't worry me as much as before. I never thought about suicide again. Until a month ago.

Rewinding for some background, I'm 26F. Ever since I was 7-years-old I thought my dream was to become a veterinarian. I finished my degree in biomedical science in late 2014. Then after a few years of working at a veterinary clinic, I realized that even though I love my job this wasn't the profession for me in the long run. Up until this point, my whole life was based around this goal. So in the Fall of last year I decided to start a second degree in mathematics. It scopes almost every job field in application and it's also always been my best subject and one of my favorites. In order to graduate in a couple of years, I talked to my boss about becoming a seasonal worker so I can focus on studies. This semester I'm taking 21 credit hours (every semester after this will be 19-20 for three more semesters). But because this is my second degree I was immediately listed under academic probation for having so many hours from my first degree. Meaning if I fail or drop even a single class in these next two years, I'm kicked out of the university. No pressure, right?

This past month has been so incredibly stressful. I knew it would be, so before the new term even started I made sure to sign up for regular counselling with a free on-campus psychologist. We meet every Tuesday and so far it's just been nice having someone to talk with about my problems. But that's all it's been. This is my first time getting counselling so I'm not sure if it's supposed to be more than this? It definitely helps me feel less stressed to have a good listener, but I still had an episode yesterday. My worse episode. Without getting into too much detail, I tried to kill myself in the other room. But what I attempted wasn't effective. I realized that I'd have to cross the apartment to find what I needed to get the job done, which meant passing my boyfriend and I knew he would stop me. So I gave up, realizing that I wouldn't be able to do it with him around. I called him over and openly told him what happened, all the while feeling numb and speaking in monotone. He held me close and spoke to me for the next hour and a half, calming me down and bringing me out of whatever state I had put myself in.

I realize that I need more help than my medication or my psychologist can provide. I'm just not sure where to get it. My circle of friends/support group is great, but small. I can count the number of friends I have on one hand. It might sound kind of stupid, but I don't want to get myself committed to a psychiatric hospital either. For one, the only one that I'm aware of exists in this small city is shit. I first tried to get myself diagnosed two years ago and initially went to this hospital. After having me wait four hours in an empty lobby, a worker very briefly spoke with me and had me fill out a two-page questionnaire that they went over with me. They said they didn't believe I had depression or any mental disorders and sent me home at 1AM. Many reviews about this hospital and its staff are negative, including stories of patients transferring here just for doctors to not seem to know what they're doing and completely change the medications and treatment plans of these patients. Or just staff not seeming to put the well-being of the clients as their first priority (treating people going through sensitive situations rudely is common from what I've read). Another thing is that I wouldn't be able to afford it. I'm already $80k in school debt because this is my second degree and because the scholarship that was suppose to cover all of it was cancelled for all of the students who were awarded it. This is actually significant for me because a lot of my depression and anxiety stems from a poor upbringing. My family has claimed bankruptcy twice and any money I've ever earned seems to always end up going into emergency medical situations no matter how hard I work. Lastly, I just don't want to get committed. I want to finish school, and get a good job, and make good money, and have a family with the man I love. I don't have time to be locked away.

I guess my question is what do I do from here? I talked to my psychiatrist 10 days ago and have since doubled by dose as per her instructions. I'm not sure if I should find a different psychologist? Mine seems nice, but I'm not sure if she's exactly helpful or if it takes more time to make progress. I'm not sure if I should tell her what happened because I don't want her to forcibly have me committed. I'm trying to increase my support system, but I've never been very good at making friends. The activities I am involved in (gym training, martial arts) all have members that aren't interested in the same things as me outside of the classes. And any activities beyond this to try to find new friends interferes with my school work. I've tried text and call help-lines and I guess they helped in the sense that I'm not dead yet, but I didn't like them at all and I don't find them very helpful.

I really don't know what else I can do from here... I'm sorry that this was so long and whiny.