I want to escapeI'm not made for this. At all. I'm 18.

I've been bullied since ever. My "friends" hurt my feelings often, maybe not on purpose, but I end up crying like a pussy.  
I've been emotionally and verbally abused by my parents.  
I've been physically abused by my dad for years, when I was younger; whenever someone makes any move, I lose my shit and feel like I'm about to get hit, like my dad did to me.  
I've been getting great grades in school, and then they didn't let me stay at the same class but moved me to another one due to my grades, 3 years later I "graduated" without a diploma as they made me lose 2 years worth of studies.  
I don't have any education, I won't be able to find a proper job.  
I was born with asthma, I can't do physical work and that's all I have left without a diploma in my country.  
I've never had a girlfriend, I got denied multiple times.  
My mom spreads rumors about me being gay to the rest of my family.  
My parents keep asking me for help with everything and shit on me when I help them, when I ask for help with anything - I get yelled at.  
I don't get proper sleep, my family fights every morning and it wakes me up. They don't seem to care about it, but they do seem to give a shit when my sister sleeps and they threaten to kick me from the house if I wake her up.  
My sister is 8 years older than me and also lives with our parents, she gets superior treatment and help from them.  
What have I done wrong? Do my parents shit on me because I'm not a girl?  
Did I never get a girlfriend because I'm not a girl? What if it was the opposite, do you ever see women having hard times finding a boyfriend?  
Why do I need to serve in our military for 3 years, because I'm not a girl? Why do girls serve 2 years instead?  
Why did I get bullied? Why did I get hit by my dad? Why does my kindness never get appreciated by anyone? Why is it that people only talk to me when they need my help? Why was I born with asthma? Why did my school threaten to expel me if I don't agree to be in a different class? Why will I have to live off minimum wage (which is very low in my country)? Why am I never good at anything but whining?

Why do I have to post this kind of thing on reddit? Why does my mom tell me "are you crazy? stop" when I talk to her about my depression? Why do I even have parents, just to give me a place to live in? Where's the fucking parental part of it?! Why are they not giving me advice when I need it? Do they just want to open my door one day and see a dead body? Is that what they want? They've been giving me shit for so long and I have to rely on them. I can't find a job because no one wants to hire someone that starts his military service so soon and I can't afford a therapist, my parents don't want to fund any for me because they only care about that it might get me exempt from the army, what the fuck am I supposed to do?! Why do they want me to serve when I have suicidal thoughts and I'm open about them? Do they just want me to bring a rifle home and shoot my whole family at night as a revenge for being so shit to me and then kill myself? I don't fucking get it, I don't want to live, why do I have to rely on my parents.. please stop.. I don't want to cry anymore