I'm giving it a few days and a phone call.I want to die. While doing research for methods I came across a particular website, and I've found it extremely helpful. My death will not be an act of irrational impulse, if I still wish to this Friday. I'm still not sure how I plan to die. I wanted to die initially last Friday, and began looking for methods on Monday. This particular website has been of great aid in helping me make sure I want to die, and introduced me to the 3-day rule. Simply put, when you want to kill yourself, wait 3 days (or better, a week, which is what I am doing.) before deciding to commit fully. I am giving it a full week to see if anything in this bleak, empty, and colorless world changes. I had something written for the ideal means by which I was going to end my life, but I just noticed it's against the rules.

Now as for why. 

I am alone. There are people around me, some I would even call 'friend', but not a single one of them knows how I really am, or what I really feel. I tried to connect a couple of times, but only succeeded in driving them away. I have nobody in which to confide my true feelings. I thought about a therapist, but I do not possess the money or means to see one (and no, I will not take money from you)

I am 'evil'. I am not a good person, and I have no desire to be. I love and hate who I am because I'm comfortable with what I want and what I do but my inability to shape myself internally to society's Objective Greater Morality leaves me with consistent failure after consistent failure. It has resulted in a life of suffering.

I am hollow. I feel nothing but the empty echoes of my thoughts, and those are of no comfort, as I hope I've previously made clear. Even writing this my arms feel like they're filled with lead. My heart beats, each one counting down the remaining. Everything I do serves and has served simply as a distraction, each thing becoming less and less effective as time goes on. 

I am angry. I take blame for not reaching out, but I also blame each real person who did nothing. Surely this will not come as a surprise to many of them, as I've never been the happiest person to be around. But I've always been open to change. I've taken the first step more times than I can feasibly count, but none of them stepped back in turn. I hate them for this. For not helping me. But a person's desire to live... and die... must never be infracted upon.

I would say I'm sorry, but I don't regret what I plan to do. I will either make the right decision, or the biggest and last mistake of my life. 