Slow Motion SuicideSo, things have been changing over the last few months. I hadn't really thought about it until now, but I've been walking toward this for awhile. I'm not sad, angry, upset, or having some sort of crisis, I just really don't want to live.

I've been isolating myself lately, I really couldn't have told you why. Family, Friends, everyone whose been close to me, I've slowly pulled away from them all. I've never really be that social to begin with, so few have noticed. Of those that have only a couple resisted. I'm at the point where I can go weeks without anything but the most basic human interaction. 

I bought a gun a few months ago. At the time I couldn't have told you why. I live in a very safe neighborhood, out in the country, surrounded by some truly wonderful people. I certainly don't hunt. And, I highly doubt that even if it came down to self defense, that I'd be able to pull the trigger. Even if I could think of a legitimate purpose, the caliber and kind make it impractical for pretty much everything. It's designed for very close range, and is extremely destructive.  

My finances are in order. I've sold most of the larger items I own, with the exception of the boat. For some reason I just haven't had that many potential buyers (It's a good boat though). I've cashed out my 401k. I've also paid off all my bills. I've pretty much got a clean slate besides the mortgage. My liquid assets should cover that easily. I've always lived well within my means. 

Over the past few days I've been cleaning house. I've shredded huge amounts of old paperwork (None that will be needed later). I've got all my important documents in one place. I've even included a list with all my accounts and account numbers to make things a bit easier. All I've got left is boxing everything up. 

As to why, I couldn't tell you. I just really don't feel like it any more. As I've said, it really doesn't seem like an emotional response. If anything, I don't feel anything. My life isn't terrible. I've got a good job, that allows for far too much time on reddit. My finances have never been a concern. I have no wife, no children, the most stress I feel at home comes trying to get my grass to grow. There really don't seem to be any causes, only a few symptoms.  

There is a nice clearing in the woods next to my house. A stream runs through it, and I've always thought it was pretty peaceful. When I've finished what I need to do, I'll go there one last time. If I'm lucky no one will find me, and I'll be able to stay forever. 