Thinking about killing myself tonightHey Reddit i think this is my last option let me tell you why.

2 years ago i was 18 and in depression, i cashed out the saving account my parents made for me, planning to spend it all and die afterwards, it was about 20 000 dollars. Spent it all in 2 months max. But money comes with problems. I started doing coke during that time. My addiction growing i started stealing my mom's money without her knowing after i spent all my savings. I couldn't go back to my old lifestyle i was addict to this millionaire pace of life, spending 1000 dollars in one night in a club was like heaven, no financial worries. Always needing more i made a scheme to get her savings money which was also 20 000 dollars ( my mom never worked, she made that money by living poorly for us ). I was teliing myself when it will be gone i'll work hard to reimburse her without her ever knowing what i did. Fast  forward to nowadays, my family knows that i stealed her money ( And yet she still show me she love me, it make me feel sick, I make me feel sick, for what i did to that woman who still love me i got tears in my eyes writing this ) My brother hate me, he sent me deaths threats, my father is sick of me. Only thing that i got is my mom and i don't even deserve her.

Tonight is my last night, my brother want to see me tomorrow but i can't stand facing him, facing my errors, my past, my sins. I was thinking making a nice bath, masturbate and smoke one last time then go, but just the thought of leaving my mom like that without savings make me even more want to kill myself and at the same time it makes me feel like i can't go yet, i need to reimburse my debt to my mom before finishing my life.

I was thinking about contracting a life insurance then kill myself, won't solve all the problems, but the money will help my mom start her new life without the poison that i am ( and for my family too ) and my debt will be paid.

Just killing myself like that would be selfish but once dead i won't care anymore. Even the thought of my mom finding my dead body will go and i won't suffer no more and won't make my family suffer anymore, ever since i was born i only caused troubles, sure there was some heartwarming moments with them, but they'll be better of without me. I was also thinking of running away, finding a way to make money and send money to my mom when i can then kill myself but i don't know

I just don't know what to do anymore. Talk to me reddit please, i feel lost, overwhelmed, suicide seems like an easy option, making everything better for me at least (like always the selfish prick i am always thinking about myself when my mom made so much sacrifice for me, and i stealed from her, i don't deserve to live, but i don't deserve the peace of death too, not without paying her back )


EDIT 2015-01-08 : Hey Reddit sorry i took time to follow up.

So that sad night when i posted this wall of text i actually tried to kill myself, i had my bathub full of water and tried to drown myself in it. It's a really scary memory that i will have to live with till my death. But i didn't do it.

Deep there in the water as my breathe was going away i felt something, and as i was going to give my last conscious breath, i stood up.
I don't believe in God or any spiritual or paranormal thing, but when i stood up it was something really strange like maybe I didn't really wanted to die. But it was so strange i stood up, naked in my bathroom. It felt like a second chance, a second birth, naked, cold and wet in the darkness, surrounded by some dime light candles ( I made an ambience for my suicide )

I stood up, dried myself and went to sleep. The next day was horrible, the second day even worse. I could say my entire week was an insight of Hell. Everybody cussing, threatening, insulting me. But I took it. Because i deserved it for what I did, and I didn't deserve a peaceful death for what I did, It would have been too easy for me, too difficult for those who loved me ( even tho they don't love me so much now )

I started a small job, worked my ass off all month, some days i didn't even eat but i paid back 1 000 dollars.

1/20 of my fuckin debt.

And it made me feel ... powerful, for once i feel like I and only I can change the rest of my life and I know it's gonna be a scary dark road from now on. But Death is too easy, Death is a slut. Better die a King than live as slave they say.

Anyways reddit your comments have played a role in that and i thank you so much. When i started lurking here 2 years ago I would had never thought one day this website may have saved my life.

But it is not only reddit, thx for your humanity, taking time off your live to try and help someone you never met, you'll never know and you don't even know if he is for real. But still you took time to read me and tried to help me.
Our world may be doomed but Humanity is a value that is worth fighting for. But right now i'm going off topic.

Thank you reddit from the bottom of my hearth, even those 2 singles comments meant the world to my eye.