I hate how easy it is to make new friends, and how much easier it is to lose themThis has happened to me so much lately. I make a new friend who I then gain an emotional connection with. We start talking a lot. They get to know me, the me that exists on good days, which happen alot due to me being happy about having a new friend. This makes them able to tell when I am feeling down (AKA a normal day). They ask "What's wrong?" I lie, saying "Nothing's wrong," or "It's nothing." They say "It's alright. You can trust me." I reluctantly agree and begin to open up to them. They tell me "If you ever need someone to talk to, I'm here for you." I say "Thanks," and go about the rest of my day. Not long after, I begin to feel even more down, which seems to be routine. I think about what they said, but decide not to bother them or make them worried about me. Things get worse though, to the point where I think 'Fuck it' and decide to take them up on their offer. At first things are fine. They are glad I opened up to them and reiterate their statement. We begin talking every day, occasionally talking about how I feel. As days become weeks, we talk about how I feel even more, with them beginning to realize how bad things are and how they are getting worse. Despite wanting to help, they begin to resent my negativity. They stop responding as much as before, worrying that I am going to bring up my mood. Eventually though, right as I hit my low, they say "I can't do this anymore. I don't think we should talk as much as we do." I drop lower than my low, knowing that in reality, they mean "I don't want to be friends anymore. I just don't want to deal with your negativity." I know that they are just trying to put it lightly, fearing that I may hurt myself if they said what they meant. I become more reclusive, realizing that when I talk about my depression, it makes others feel down or worried about me. Then a new person comes along and the whole thing repeats, each time moving me deeper into the void that is depression.