I think I only have one person left that's keeping me hereTLDR: i have one person left in my life that makes me want to keep trying jhfglkdf just a quick rant :)

I don't even know how to start this. To be honest I'm embarrassed that I've dropped this low again, I was doing so well I never thought my life would crash the way that it did. Both of my best friends just randomly and abruptly started treating me like shit and basically left my life but still text me from time to time to lie to me and say they miss me, say they can't see me cause of covid (understandable) but then go hang out with each other. I just wish they would stop lying. But oh well. Can't force them to love me. I was talking to this guy and it was so good but then shit abruptly ended between us too. I broke up with my girlfriend four months ago and although it was the best decision, it has also caused so much suffering for me. Nevertheless, they were all people I had around me for so long and life was so perfect. The only person I have left from this time now is my ex girlfriend. We're basically best friends at this point. She sent me this really thoughtful card and gift for my birthday recently and I was just thinking about how she's the only person left in my life that has the power to make me want to keep living. It's really scary because I feel like the world is going to take her away from me too. Hopefully I find someone before that. Because I really want to live, but I need people who make me happy. I know I shouldn't rely on other people for stability, but I do. I know this makes me sound clingy, and I swear to you that I am the furthest thing from that. I just need her to stay present in my life, not constantly active because I know she doesn't owe me that. I am just really scared of her absence because she's all I have left. If we ever go separate ways any time soon I know that'll be it for me. I would never tell her this though because that's manipulative and I don't want her to stay because she feels like she has to. I want her to stay because she loves me and because she knows I will always have her back. I don't know, I'm just rambling at this point. I'm so relaxed right now but I'm also freaking out. I'll be calmed down by tomorrow morning. I'm just shocked by how quickly I toppled from the happiest, most stable period of my life to the fucking edge. I've attempted before and I swore I'd never try again, and again I really want to live. But I am scared of what would happen if I get flung into space if I lose the last person tying me to myself. I am so grateful for her I never want to live without her in my life. This sounds like I'm still in love and maybe I am. But I also just straight up love her so much, she's a really great person. I have no clue how to end this and I know it was all over the place I just need to get it out