I don't know if I need help again or I just need safe companyI'm going to keep this brief because a full story of my life is probably an invite for doxing. The cliff notes version is I've had two major depressive episodes that lead to a suicide attempt. Once when I was around ten and always stopped myself mid act. And the second, which I will be focusing on, at age 21, after two years of military service in the uscg.

There were many reasons for why, but the biggest one is that I saw a dark future where the hazing never stopped, the preception others had would always lead to punishment on my end, and I would continue working for a group of people that would cover up anything right before my eyes. I actually know a guy with ptsd, but he can't report it because the incident was covered up. His exact words being "we went out for a routine stop, guns loaded, and you were in the fleet so hopefully you can put two and two together." Not only can I, but I was at the station when his boat was trying to dispose of some pappers. I could've done something, but didn't. I was looking out for myself just like everyone else was. And for good reason because the people around me would often accuse me of things I didn't do. They would also claim I was disrespect for answering a question on a board the same way I answered it to someone else the next day who did not think this. Then of course there's the hazing that sometimes involved hanging people from  a window naked or some other degradating task.

This all lead to me looking so miserable that I was sent to rehab and threatened to end myself before leaving. This lead to a long process to get medically retired. Now I'm waiting for covid19 to pass, looking for my other half, and not finding anything. I know it's early but I'm trying to make up for lost time. Leaving rehab, knowing I was going to the civilian world had me happy, scared but happier than I was. Now I'm alone and starting to slip into my old thoughts. 

I constantly fear that I'm taking advantage of a situation I have no right to. Nothing I went through is unique. Pain was normal, I just complained about it. I fear that I'll never redeem myself for standing by all those years. I took up online dating to find someone but all that's done is remind me that I'm ugly and unlovable. And I've been lying to my doctors about it, because I'm so close to being out I don't want to go back to rehab. Somehow reddit has been the nicest place for me to talk about my feelings. Even tho everytime i do I learn something I thought was normal is horrifying to someone else. Plus I still genuinely believe most people are cruel and evil, therefore it is best to trust no one.

Where do I even go for this? I don't want to die, I don't want to pay out of pocket, and I don't want care to put my life on hold.