I'm just tired of everything. I feel like I desperately need a way out.When I was a little girl, I had 4 best friends that I went to school with every day. Even though I passed 6th grade, my mother decided to hold me back a year because she didn't feel like I was emotionally ready. Whatever the fuck that means. She sent me to a new school and everything. 2 years later, when I was 14, I got suspended for fighting and she pulled me out of school all together. She was supposed to home school me but what actually ended up happening was that she kept my brother and I at home and we didn't learn anything. Didn't leave the house. Didn't see any friends. For another 2 years. After this, we were put back into a home schooling program, and I found it hard to connect with people. So, I met people online. I met my first boyfriend online. And after years of feeling isolated, making a connection with someone felt unreal. Amazing. It didn't matter to me if it was in person or not. Suddenly, I didn't feel so alone.

About 8 months after meeting my then boyfriend, my grandfather died and it destroyed me because he was someone I felt would always be there. He -was- always there. I coped with it the only way I knew how. I ran away from the problem. Which also meant I ran away from home to live with my boyfriend at the time. And I ended up getting pregnant at 17, unsurprisingly. I also dropped out of school, as those few years of not doing anything for school set me back enough to where it was impossible to try getting a high school diploma.

I'll try to make this as short as I possibly can from here on out. My boyfriend's family, and my father, absolutely wouldn't let me have an abortion or put my child up for adoption, so I became a parent. My boyfriend became violent and abusive and raped me while I was asleep. I got pregnant again at 19. Same situation; was not allowed to get rid of the child in any way.

I've left the boyfriend, but I feel like I'm resentful to my children and I really shouldn't be. But I just can't mentally be there for them. My social life is practically non existent, aside from the people I talk to on the internet. I look back at my 4 best friends from elementary school and they grew up together and they have had great lives so far. They're still so close. And I'm a complete wreck. With what feels like no friends, and no future. Lately, I haven't even been able to get myself out of bed for the past few days. I've just been curled into a ball, wishing I would die and bawling my eyes out. I've tried to talk to some people, but they're busy as they do have social lives and jobs and everything. I literally cannot stand the thought of being like this for much longer. Living like this, or feeling like this. Or being this alone.