College, Money.It seems like it always comes back to this. All my troubles always root from college, but I know I need to go to college to live in this world. That aside, I've always had horrible spikes of depression and anger and irrationality I call "enlightenment" to make myself feel like I'm saying the right things. When I start getting ahead in life it seems like I get pushed back to the bottom, that something always intervenes to make sure I can't move forward in my life. Lately I've been a lot more depressed than I usually have, and I've lied to my doctor and family for years about depression that I've held because I don't want meds that'll end up costing anyone anything more than they pay already for everything. I went to Wentworth Institute of Technology for a year in Architecture and I was doing well, tried my best. End of the second semester (first year), I suddenly go from a B- to a solid 0...I "plagarized" a building model that someone else used by using the building as a background for my building model, to add a sense of scenery to my image. I dropped out of college, aware of the crippling debt I'm in. I applied to a new college (keeping it vague for confidential reasons.) and I was doing great...until my car breaks down in the middle of the semester. I go to a mechanic and he says it can be fixed within the week. It's been well over a month and contacting the mechanic is as useless as tits on a jellyfish, so my parents have to figure out how to transport me from their work to my work to my college back to their work back to my college back to home. If you don't follow, life is a living hell for my whole family because of this car problem and my college life. It's currently the last week of the semester and I have an online class that I haven't worked on too much because I've been busy trying to keep up with my other classes (I was also informed the class was open until the 22nd). IT CLOSED TODAY. I HAVE A FUCKING 6 FOR MY GRADE IN THAT CLASS BECAUSE I WAS DOING MY BEST TO KEEP UP WITH MY CLASSES THAT I COULDN'T GO TO! Now I'm going to have to shell out even more years of my life hoping that my debt will go down even a little before it passes on to the rest of my family and I'm inevitably dead from one cause or another. What do I do. Death is the easy way out but I know I could never go through with it yet I constantly feel the urge to just die and let everything go. I'm sick of living a hopeless life of constant struggle with the only reward being more pain and misery for me.