My experience with drugs and depression.This isn't the first time I've been on this sub, about 8-10 months ago I had been obsessed with a girl, and when she rejected me, I attempted suicide. Obviously it didn't work out, so I tried therapy and meds, but neither really worked. It did start to get better though, I made new friends and got out of the house more, but that feeling of loneliness never really went away. I was told in therapy that, rationally speaking, even if I found the girl of my dreams, someone to hold me when I needed to be held, and someone who would never let me down (something that is nigh impossible), that my problems wouldn't all just magically disappear. At the same time, I can't get the thought out of my head that having someone who genuinely cares and is willing to listen and not judge would somehow at least make it a bit easier to sort through my problems.   
Anyway, I trailed off a bit so back to the main point. Recently my wish to off myself has slowly been encroaching on my psyche, and I couldn't ignore it anymore, I had to take action. I don't have insurance anymore since I'm not in school, so regular meds and therapy are out of the question for me, instead, I decided to smoke copious amounts of marijuana, which helped at first, but the initial appeal kinda wore off. I moved it up a notch and tried acid, which really helped. While tripping with friends the outside world caved in leaving nothing but my dark and smokey bedroom. Eventually, I decided to make the choice of tripping alone, which I had never done before last night. What I experienced is a post of its own for an entirely different sub, but I'll give a TLDR of sorts, I started off the trip on a bad note, I cried for at least an hour and a half, something I haven't really done since around November of 2019. I could think of nothing else but my inability to attract a mate. I thought about how all of my friends had at least one real romantic encounter under their belt, while I haven't even had my first kiss at the age of 20. I don't know why but this set me off and pretty much set the mood for the rest of the trip.   
In conclusion, I'm thoroughly convinced I'm worthless, I don't know anyone my age who has had the troubles with dating that I have had, and because of the neverending loneliness I don't want to be alive. whats kinda weird is that last time I visited this sub I was in tears, now I feel nothing, I just know I want to die.   
TLDR; To combat depression I decided to use LSD, it just made it worse.