Wish I just didn't existI don't feel like I deserve to take up space in this universe. 

I have a great relationship with my boyfriend but I've done some pretty shitty things recently (won't go into them in too much detail so as not to give myself away). I'm doing decently in school and only have one more semester before I graduate in spring but I feel like I'm not good enough for my major and like I don't belong. I'm scared about becoming a real adult and having responsibilities (I'm 24 but got a late start in life). My job is very stressful and I'm not very good at it even though I've worked there for over a year. I'm relatively healthy physically and mentally, I've just always had this cloud of depression and social anxiety hanging over me for as long as I can remember. Some days I feel genuinely happy but there is always a lingering feeling of wanting to disappear. The worst part is that I don't even feel depressed enough, like I don't deserve to be this upset...like, I can still get out of bed and function and live a relatively decent life, so I shouldn't feel this way, which leads me to feel guilty for being depressed and creates a vicious cycle. I've never gotten professional help and I'm too scared to go on meds because of the side effects and because I function kinda normally most of the time. I'm just a huge burden on everyone around me. I often think about how easy it would be to crash my car or steal some drugs from my job and OD on them. 

I halfass everything in my life, even my suicide attempt 5 years ago. If you go back and look at all my old sketchbooks, nothing is finished. I've never put my heart and soul into anything. I just have no motivation and feel like everything is pointless. The only thing that's kept me from trying to kill myself again is the fact that I know my mother and sister would be devastated. My boyfriend would be sad but could easily replace me with someone better. I just wish I could go back in time and stop myself from being born, as dumb and cliche as that sounds. Getting into some sort of accident would be ideal. I just can't bring myself to kill myself because of the pain it would bring my mom and sister. Otherwise, there's nothing keeping me here, and I don't deserve to be here anyway.

Sorry for rambling, it's the first time I've ever really gotten all that out at once.