I just needed to ventTo get right to it I am hurting, I'm angry, I'm scared I'm just lost right now. I have never been this low in my life and I can't clearly see where I go next. I've pretty much lost all my friends, My girlfriend acts like she hates me, and I'm sick all the time. 

   I need honest opinions. If it were you, what would you do??

     Recently I've been moved out of the close friend group I've had since middle school ( 12 years ago ). I was always the one to make plans with them, and do everything I could for my best friend. He had no where to live, I gave him a place to stay. He had no bed I have him mine. He needed a car I sold him mine and worked with him on how he pays for it. I gave him a job, rides to work, everything.. I started to feel walked all over by him and it more or less just made it awkward to hang out. He started hanging out more and more with the rest of the group and they would all go out together but I'd never get invited.. it got back to me that a few of them were just badmouthing my life choices and how I chose to deal with my hardships, drinking and smoking. It really got under my skin and I just stopped trying to be a part of it. Here and there I'd reach out to them but the last time I invited everyone to go see the new movie out ( something we always did). They all have me an excuse for why they couldn't make it, so I went alone. Ended up bumping into them in the theater and they played it off as they all had gotten work off somehow. An obvious lie because the movie was opening day of Avengers Endgame. Which had sold out tickets weeks prior, That shit hurt. 

Now I really don't have anyone else besides my girlfriend but as of recent she has become so cold. Cussing at me for any little thing that sets her off. We had recently moved back in with family to try to find a better house to rent and suddenly she is no longer interested in signing a lease because she keeps telling me that she is done with it. We have gotten into in depth conversations and it all simplifies into me just being sad, and not talking to those friends that I used to have. That I have to just worry about me and if I don't she will leave. That I depend on her for everything and she can't have a.life away from me. I have the mind frame that if your in a relationship you should commit to it. but if you want to be alone all the time then you shouldn't be in a relationship. I haven't always been so down, I've gone through bad times but I've come out of them. This all came out of nowhere with her. I ask to sit down and talk about it but that's usually a no. Now she has told me that she is going to be spending her time else where more often. With friends, going to the club, going driving alone. Ive mentioned that it seems like I'm being avoided by her and I got my head ripped off because I made it all about me. She likes to point out that I'm "always the victim" and that I pout if I don't get my way. I try to explain that I'm not trying to play the victim, or pout, but instead that I'm actually hurt by some of the things going on, and that some days it is tough to try and have a happy face. I really don't understand we're all of it came from. I really care about this girl, and we've been together for about 4 years now and things were great until now and I have no idea what happened.

Another thing going on that makes it tough is my health has become increasingly poor. I've lived my entire life as a type 1 diabetic, and no matter how well I've taken care of myself for the last 23 years, I'm starting to have health complications due to it. I've recently gotten several tests due to other issues going on that we can't figure out what they're caused by. I've had the debilitating migraines for six years, I've had MRIs with no results, taking medication with no results, I can literally not think straight anymore. My head hurts 24/7 and that's miserable to live through. On top of that my hands are extremely painful to try to do anything with, supposedly that's arthritis according to my doctor, I don't have the time or energy to look and do it right now. All I know is everything that I enjoy doing is being taken from me. I can no longer play guitar because of my hands, no longer play video games, it's very hard to do my job. When it's not my hands it's my head, some days I just can't get out of bed due to how bad it hurts. I've recently started spending a lot of money to try and get on a better health track in doing so it's led to more tests and more answers that I don't like getting. I'm going through a lot right now and when I try to vent to my girlfriend it's all too much for her to handle and she's not sure that she can do this. I'm so lost them what to do next. I just need help and I know it's up to me to help myself, but everyone in my life is just casually walking out and I don't think I can do this alone.

I know the rules of this post.. but some honest Input if anyone can find the time would be greatly appreciated.