I have no meaning in life,normal people constantly make me feel badI should start off I have ADHD due to a brain injury at birth from forceps.  I should of died, and I wish I did.  Then I start school, kids picked on me, no friends, and I had teachers physically abuse me.   After elementary school, family moved about an hour away.  It got worse.  I wouldn't even tell my mom cause I wanted her to think I am good like all the kids.  But I did made friends, who had me go to church.  At 14, the pastor's wife said I wasn't good enough for God.  That when my first thoughts of trying to kill myself started.  In high school, alot of popular kids would tell me to kill myself. 

Being an adult, I thought thing would get better, boy was I wrong!  

I went to a vocational school for nursing.  I had the best grades, and those nurses/teachers sat me down in the office and told me I wouldn't make a good nurse cause my ADHD would make me make poor decisions.   They wouldn't even refund me the money they took from me.  I was only in class for a month.  The other students were outraged.   Plus the graduating class had 2 suicides in it.  Makes you wonder how the teachers treated the class. 

I have probably been through 20 different jobs.   The last one broke me down.  There was an Omarosa type worker there who loved getting people in trouble, and abusing the MRDD people and stealing from them.  But everyone in the office loved her.  Evil is more accepting than being a good person.  I have tried to kill myself in Jan over this.  Boyfriend called 911 and "saved" me.  

I have a boyfriend, but I want to let him go.  His parents hate me.  Fucked up part is that their daugther was a meth-head that stole their money, and ends up marrying a guy who kill a lady passenger drinking and driving.  Almost kills my bf's sister, and his 4 year old niece.    But his family would say that the guy should never serve time, and the lady deserve to die anyway.   They hate me cause I'm Hyper, and I won't change my personality.  During the time we lived near his parents, I saved 2 elderly women (one i had to break into her house because was screaming and fell after my work told me to ignore it and go home), I also saved cats, and about 20 dogs from abandoned home.  But I'm still a piece of shit.  

Last year my home was hit by a flash flood, lost everything. My parents, and VA (boyfriend is an airforce vet) helped out a ton.  Red Cross (assholes)  just gave us $100 food card, and his parents ignored us.   AEP took us off the budget, my landlord still charged me rent for 2 months when the house was condemn, we have no money now, I have about 20 rescued cats that need care, I only have 1 pair of boots to wear, boyfriend didn't even have a winter jacket this year cause we can't afford anything.  My truck reverse is out, and now my lil car is starting to take a dump.  

And is there a point to me being alive?  I really don't think so.   I done everything a good person would do in this world.  I don't want to be like the evils of the world that are accepted.   But I am not good enough for anyone.  My life is meaningless.  