I know my end is coming , and it's not seeming so bad anymore.Well. I've been suicidal for a long time, and no I've never told my family about it , to them I am a happy talkative girl. But that is my mask. The reason I want to die? Quite a few. I hate myself. I see no good that could come from me- I'll just screw everything up. I'm ugly and I hate the way I look in anything , I can't see myself as pretty- even if I am told I'm pretty. The things guys gawk over are my breasts and that makes me angry. Is that the only good thing about me? In the past four years I have hung out with friends outside of school a total of 3 times. I don't like spending time with them outside of school- why should I when I see them 40 hours a week, but I know my parents want me to be a normal teen. But I can't be. I planned my suicide to be before my birthday so nobody had to spend money on me- but then a friend dropped a bomb on me. She told me she gets raped often , and beaten. So for months now I've been talking with her- I talked her into going to the police but she said nothing happened. I hardly sleep I worry about her all the god damned time. I force all my problems down and focus on her- and it's fucked me up even more. I know it's selfish to wish that she never told me anything - but I do , I honest to god do. She texts me contstantly it drives me crazy. When I finally get to go to sleep- because she falls asleep- that is when all my problems lay down in front of me. I sob , for minutes to an hour. I take hour long burning hot showers and don't feel any warmth from it. I dream and day dream of my death it would make me so happy. Another thing.. It's odd - I'm happy being a girl, honest , if I wasn't a fucked up person who was going to end her life- I would love to give birth to a child , I love being a woman. But what I want to be (I've been thinking about it for quite some time). Is a man. But not merely a man- a gay man. I'm not sure why- that's who I want to be though. That is another reason I want to commit suicide - so I have the chance of being reborn/reincarnated into a gay man. I was thinking either jumping off a bridge (but it's only 20 feet tall- so I don't think it would kill me. That or taking half a bottle of sleeping pills and 75% of a bottle of ibuprofen - but I'm not sure if it will kill me. I love my family and friends so much - and I know this is a horrible and selfish thing to do but I can't handle it anymore- I'm going to crack and explode. I don't see a point in living any more. Thanks for reading. I just really needed to get everything off my chest..