Rational suicide?Hi, I hope you're having a better night (day) than I am.

Recently broke up with girlfriend. It's been a long time coming, and I shouldn't be surprised or anything - after all, I cheated on her repeatedly, neglected her and treated her like shit - but it's happening and I don't know what to do.

Don't get me wrong, I'm not considering suicide *just* over this - it's just a symptom. I have severe ADHD and probably a few other things too, and it just makes life so fucking *difficult*. I fuck things up at every turn, I make stupid mistakes... I repeat those mistakes and perfect them and do the same stupid shit over and over and over.

Honestly, is it ever rational to commit suicide? I know I'm in emotional turmoil at the moment (and took a hit to the head haha) but I just feel like clocking out. Every day when I come home from work, when I get on the train I can't help but wonder how it'd feel to just leap in front of it, what it would take for me to summon up the balls to actually do it, rather than think about it. I think that's the only thing that's stopping me - I'm scared. 

Life just sucks. The pleasure we experience in life is temporary and fleeting, the pain is almost endless (in one way or another). I guess I'm trying to say, why *shouldn't* I kill myself? I have no friends, no girlfriend, a job I hate, I hate the people I work with, I hate my family, I hate myself, I just feel a constant desire to not exist. It'd be so much easier.

I dunno. Hoping for someone to give me *something* to think about, some reason to go through the motions for even a little bit longer. I don't think I'll kill myself - to be honest - but I'm scared I'll just impulsively do it, I'll say "fuck it" and leap under a train before I can even think about it. I *WANT* to, but I don't have the guts. 

Hmm... should probably post this on an alt, oh well

edit: it's not that I can't *make* friends, either - I just feel such a distance, such difference between me and anyone else that it's just... bleh