Suicidal Ex, also a stalker, need adviceMy mother in-law is currently living with me due to a rough breakup with her bi-polar ex.  He had threatened suicide many times during their relationship and she was afraid to leave him.  As you can probably guess, this was part of his manipulation technique.  She finally left when she discovered he bought a gun, we helped moved her out of the house that day while he was at work.

For the last 4 months he has been stalking us, hacking our accounts, driving by our home, and leaving hurtful messages.  We have changed basically everything about our lives to make it harder for him to track us down.  My Mother in-law is afraid to leave the house, answer her phone, or read her email, and I don't blame her.  This guy is bat-shit crazy and completely obvious to it.

Tonight he left a LONG message saying he was going to kill himself, "maybe not tonight, maybe not tomorrow, but soon."  I can't keep ignoring someone who is in pain, but I personally don't know how to help him.  Any response we give is only going to help him justify his behavior.

He is manipulative and could very well be lying, but even the boy who cried wolf saw a wolf eventually.  They may be able to ignore him (as she did for 17 years), but thats not my style.  I am a person of actions and every problem has a solution.  We told his family, but he cons them just like everyone else.

He's threatened to make our lives hell if we call the police for any reason, like getting a restraining order against him.  He already has 3 from a prior relationship.  Apparently this is what he does, but does that mean I should let him kill himself?

He has been institutionalized for this in the past, but it didn't help.  He learned how to cooperate and get released before receiving any therapy.  I also know that he's only looking for attention, and any response we give him will justify his actions.

You see, this isn't just someone who is suicidal.  He is manipulative and psychotic, and this is all a game to him.  But he is also a severely depressed drug addict, and I cant turn a blind eye, not even to my enemy.

What is the best plan of action?  Im posting this here because I don't know who else to talk to. This situation is a Mess.  Any advice is appreciated, as I feel incredibly guilty right now.

Thanks for listening,
-J