I have no place in this world.I am eighteen, and every day for the past ten years I've struggle with my... well, myself, for lack of a better word. I search my thoughts and experiences for clues of what I am here for, what is my purpose, and where is my niche. I'm looking for the place that I fit with a feverish passion; it invades my life, it destroys my chains of thought. 

I'm starting to think that this place does not exist whatsoever. 

I seem to exude this aura of impersonality that I can not rid myself off. Even when someone holds the same interests and habits as myself, this aura drives them from me in every possible way. 

Men and women I share a mutual affection with seem to retract from my life. Every day my loneliness grows like a cancer, starving my life from me. I try my very hardest not to estrange the people I care about, and in doing so, I estrange them. 

Once upon a time I had dreams of potential, that I may one day be a great man worthy of remembrance in some way. However, as my life crumbled around me I turned to misanthropic tendencies. I have learned to love hate, and to hate love, but I realize passions like these have a tendency to collapse men in upon themselves in ruin, so I try desperately to change my ways to no avail. I am truly a creature of my habits. 

Some have called me cold and calculating, but that is just life as I see it. I did not choose to see it as I do.Perhaps I have learned too much and loved too little.

So far, this world has held no place for me repeatedly. Not in preschool, not in kindergarten, not 1-12, and so far, not even the diverse college I attend fits me. 

I'm running out of care in any sense of the word. 
The only reason I have not and will not kill myself is because we all have a social responsibility to repay society whatever was used in our creation. But, I realize my own mind will eventually betray me, no matter my measure of success. I will die by my own hand if an accident does not claim my life first. I even had a therapist once tell my that I could never truly be happy. 

Then ocean is a lonely place for an island, just as the world is lonely to me.
 
All in all, I loathe myself deeply for who I am, mostly because I am incapable of changing. 