Am I the only one?I've had episodes where I've planned out perfect ways to off myself.  Planned it all out, everything.  I think of suicide as my way out if shit gets bad.  I know I'll enter the void and be gone- and I'm perfectly okay with that.  I'm not even slightly afraid.  Humanity will march on, and perform great things without me.  


But, the things is...  I'm a straight A student, labeled "gifted" by my woefully pathetic school, I have friends, girls like me, family loves me, I'm getting job offers, and I've never had much to be upset about.


But even with all that, I look at gore, watch suicide videos, executions, murder, and I get some kind of satisfaction out of the fact that it doesn't bother me.  I have a strange attraction to it that I can't, and don't want to shake.  Nobody else knows, I hide it quite well.  I frequent websites that are filled with content people would call horrible shit (not naming any names, but you know the type).


But it doesn't affect me, I feel...  I don't know how to say it, stronger?  I'm immune to the fear of death, and I even have an attraction to it.  But I can control it, I don't have fits of anger in which I hurt people or animals.  I feel this is what makes me better than rageoholics, wifebeaters, and serial killers.  I can control myself, unlike them.

In addition to all of that, I only feel the opposite ends of the emotional spectrum, extreme happiness, or extreme sadness.  Don't make the mistake of thinking I'm manic-depressive though.  This is an event-by-event basis.  Something amazing could make me quite happy, but I know there is a flip side to the coin.  Something, somewhere out there triggers that extreme sadness.  But now these days I'm mostly just in limbo, feeling empty.  It's the only thing close to "sad" I get.  I'm on Wellbutrin for depression, and that is probably helping me from getting addicted to my passive-aggressive suicide of cigarettes and dip.

Tell me Reddit.  Am I sick in the head?  Am I crazy?  I ask this because, this is the first time in a long while, that I don't think I am.

I'm 15.