For whoever has the timeAt the least, this is just me venting out some things.

At most, I think I want to die, but I'm too scared to go through with anything. Right now dying feels like a fantasy, something I think about and sort of "daydream" of.

There's this feeling of inevitability though. I have a hard time looking forward, and often am unable to come up with an idea of what my future will be like, because my inevitable death seems to be in the way. I don't know how, or when. Just that somewhere along the line I don't think I'm going to make it. Again, at this point I just think about it happening, it's sort of liberating and feels relieving.

Maybe it isn't even a literal death. Maybe it's failure, or being alone, or some mental disease that riddles me useless. But I always feel like something horrible is going to keep me from making progress anywhere. And I don't really know what to do.

I'm losing energy, care, hope. It's becoming more and more difficult to get things done. I feel unintelligent, unskilled. I can't seem to even fabricate confidence to get through the days anymore, or to engage with other people.

I don't have much to show for myself at 24 years old. I've been in community college for about 6 years, and am in the process of re-applying to schools for transferring. I can't seem to decide, after all this time, what I want to major in. Everything feels mundane and too complicated for me to succeed in. I don't feel good enough for anything. 

I've been an architecture major for most my time at CC, and applied to schools with graphic design interests. But neither of those fields interest me anymore. But that's where all of my experience, and most of my credits, are in. Design, to me, feels dishonest and unimportant to the world. At the end of the day it isn't something I really care about, or have much preference in. And it becomes difficult to try and "sell myself" as a designer or design student to friends, family, strangers. I feel like a fraud sometimes.

There is this glimmer of hope, and it's what's keeping me going honestly, and why I'm even typing this out. Two things. My girlfriend, and the hope of somehow finding a job that is honest. Right now, and for a very long time, an honest job to me means something environmental/outdoorsy. Opposite of design &amp; computers. Animals, plants, bugs, hiking, being outside. To me that's real, and that's important. And if I can feel like I'm actually helping something, there would be less pain in my world I think. Even if it's just counting trees or picking up trash, I would absolutely love being outdoors. I would need to stay in school for even longer to achieve that though, and I don't know if I have that in me. It feels like such a stretch. 

Even if there isn't any pressure from my parents to move out or get a job, I certainly have placed a lot of pressure on myself to do these things. I feel bad that my girlfriend, of 4ish years, has been so patient and understanding with me. It's unreal how well and positive about everything she can be. And the guilt that it creates for me hurts a lot. The feeling that I don't deserve her and that she'll wise up to that and move on, it hurts.

My girlfriend is great, but she's got her own life that I encourage her to pursue. I really try hard not to impose all of this on her, I don't want the guilt of her potentially putting me in the way of her goals. I can't do it, I can't bring myself to ask for that level of help. I would rather she break up with me than put her life on hold for me to chase a dream. I would feel like such a burden, like such a problem. I already feel that way.

So I don't know what to do, I feel like I'm in some sort of limbo, going nowhere if not down. I'm real sorry for the length. Thanks for reading this far.