A man in a white SUV flipped me offA little explanation. I've gotten into fights before while driving and it feels like shit for a while but I end up getting over it. This time I didnt flight. This man just flipped me off in his huge white SUV and I could do nothing. He proceeded to drive slowly in front of me to piss me off even more. 
I was hoping we stayed in the same apartment complex so somehow I could finally get out of the car and give him a piece of my mind too. He didnt. 

But I broke down crying in the elevator and then came home and sat on the floor crying. I dont know why at this point I could hear my parents speaking in the other room.

Me and my father dont really talk. The final straw for me was a month ago he was violent with me and since then we havent spoken. I want to move out but my mother (who is the only earning member of the family) lost her job. 
I have to say, my mom dosent particularly care for him either. I've always grown up with him screaming his lungs out to her. 

I then realised the man in the white SUV reminded me of my father (he also drives literally the same car and is also just an al around asshole, including the road. He is the kind of person who will flip someone off and then get even more satisfaction out of pissing them off further). That feeling of helplessness was something so familiar for me. Who am I in front of a big, powerful man who could hurt me in one blow if he wanted? 

I started screaming at my mom (lashing out in general) and ended up hitting her in the process. Pretty badly. I always tell her I want to move away from him and she says we will later. 

I ended up tearing my top off into pieces in frustration and went to look for the blade in my room, while my mom layed on the floor.
I hate the kind of person I've become. I dont want to be violent. I dont want to have a bad temper. I dont want to cry in bed. After around a month it's the first time I've felt suicidal again. After around 3 months it's the first time I cut myself again. I've never cut around my wrist but this time idk why I felt like trying. I dont want to live here. I've tried. A lot. I've tried and tried and tried with life. It just fucking dosent get better. Everytime I think I've hit rock bottom, theres always worse. Eveytime I think I'm getting better, it goes away. Therapy didnt work. I also called my two closest friends and neither came for me. I'm fucking tired. 

I dont want to be like this.