Anyone else have such a boring life you don’t even know why you bother?(I should mention I’m a teenager, so I rely on my parents a fair amount) My life is packed full of family drama and just being by myself. Every month feels so long while living through it and then when I look back it seems like it zipped by. I’m realizing that’s literally because I have done nothing note worthy to remember the month by. I constantly find myself just waiting for the day to end because I have nothing to do, get ready for or friends to talk to. I’ve tried finding natural ways to have your brain release dopamine and serotonin, for example I work out a lot but it doesn’t make me feel any better. I used to have violin lessons, so I could prepare for that but we can’t afford to take them anymore. I’m supposed to start basketball next month but my dad is insisting my mom takes me to get the required physical and my mom can’t afford to take me and insists my dad should do it. We need it in 4 days. The same thing is happening with theatre, which is my number one passion in life. I want to do this musical in January of 2020 but my mom can’t afford it and my dad is insisting she pays it. I would try to at least pay for half of it but I have no money from paying for activities last year/the beginning of this one. 

And maybe that wouldn’t be so bad if I had a friend or s/o. But I don’t. When I say I have no friends I genuinely mean it. The only place I ever had friends was at theatre, and my parents don’t wanna pay for any singing or acting coaches or drive me to auditions or anything. 

My birthday was two months ago and it was the god damn worst. No one remembered, we didn’t do anything. My brother told someone at school who told my science teacher and she sung happy birthday to me first period. That’s as far as any celebration or recognition of it happening went. Because I do nothing I have time to think this kinda stuff over, like why do people not have friends? Normally there either a shit person, too quiet, or too annoying. I’m not sure which category I’ve fallen into but all of it just makes me wanna take a knife to the throat. I own knives, and I’ve thought about this stuff for years but never actually had the balls do go through with it. Now we’re here. I just got back from a run and feel even worse than I did before. 

Happy halloween guys.