So, the time has comeI'm tired of this endless pain. I'm tired of this loneliness. People don't seem to fully understand what's going on with me. I can't blame them, since I've always been the class clown. I also never had the courage to honestly tell anyone what I'm feeling.

I won't give full details of why I'm going to kill myself, since this would take an eternity, but I won't leave you with nothing. Two years ago I was living abroad, studying what I loved. Everything was going great until I started to realise that was not what I really enjoyed studying. Working in that area would be a nightmare. But I still managed to finish my 1-year program and come back home. I was happy to see my family and friends again, since I was rather lonely there. But when I returned to college in my home town, I had the same doubts about my future. I didn't (and still don't) have a good perspective in life. Anyway, I was close to graduating, so I would just grab my diploma and sort things out once I did this. Running away from my problems was a mistake; I just lost a lot of time unhappy.
Fast forward to last semester. I was depressed. I realised I was incapable of making new friends, and nearly everyone who fitted in this concept before were actually people who tolerated me to the point of going out together. I still have a few good friends, but they are always busy, and we barely see each other. My mom always told me to make an effort to accomplish my everyday activities. Leaving my house was a struggle, but she couldn't see that I was sick. My father and brother were clueless. I was still having problems in the uni (my grades got worse). As a consequence of returning to a 3rd world country after living a year in the UK, I couldn't take it anymore. I wanted to move, as soon as possible. But it would be nearly impossible to get a visa or an opportunity outside of my country soon. So, I'll have to live in this shit-hole for a while.

I wanted to do this some time ago, but my brother was studying hard (harder than he ever had) to enter the university. I didn't want to cause him pain in the most important time of his life.

I don't have basic human interactions on most days. I just sleep, eat, read or play something for a while and go to sleep again. Sometimes I just can't sleep at all. Now, I'm alone in my house for the weekend. I'm buying a rope today and will hang myself tomorrow. I gave myself enough time to enjoy life, but apparently this is an impossible task. I have failed more than I should in life, but this time I'll succeed.

To sum up: I hate where I live; I hate my graduation; I hate my lack of social abilities; I hate being a shitty son, brother and friend; I hate having no talent whatsoever; I hate being a shitty student; I hate being who I am and, most of all, I hate being depressed and never having motivation to get out of bed and deal with the aforementioned issues.

I'd like to take some time from my last moments to say Thank you to everyone in this subreddit. I'm a long time lurker and you helped me through some pretty nasty moments, even if your comments were not directed to me. I'm sorry for my shitty English, it's not my first language and I'm not as competent in expressing myself as I should. Also, this was written in a moment of despair, so my writing may not be concise and cohesive. Believe me, understanding my own feelings is as hard as reading my post.
Just so you all know, your comments won't have any effect on what I'll do to myself tomorrow. I'll probably just take a quick look at my reddit today or tomorrow morning, but this is already decided. However, if you want to leave nice comments, feel free, since some depressed lurkers may find help in them.

This is by far the best sub with the best people, and I'm happy that you all are here trying to legitimately help others. Thank you again and goodbye.