Having thoughts of suicide, life just seems like to much effort. (21M)A bit about my current situation:


First thing, i'm not depressed, i'm not even unhappy, i in fact have a happy relationship, supportive family and a few good friends, im a bit cynical but i'm usually in rather good spirits. But i have had bad times when i was still a little kid (4-16) with an abusive stepparent (he's outta my life now, plus i don't think he is really relevant to my suicidal thoughts).I'am also a student in a university (zoology), i'am not doing well in it as i'm not overly smart and i have very little motivation even though i find the topic interesting. I am socially awkward but ive grown to accept it and don't really see the implications as negative. I also have motivation issues since i was 14ish years old. Ive never really been passionate about anything but video games, anime or just chilling with friends or my girlfriend. 


Why i'm having thoughts on suicide:


I'm having thoughts on suicide as i just don't think the effort it takes to be happy in life is worth the actual happiness i will gain. Like i will struggle through a hard uni course which i wasn't fully prepared for (more then likely fail realistically) and then i may possibly get a low paying job (animal related jobs tend to be low paying) and have to worry about money for the rest of my life while i try to enjoy myself in the good moments and support my hobbies. I know this sounds really negative, and i guess it is, but i honestly think this is a realistic view on the future of my life and how i think the average Joe's life will be, yes there will be good times, there will be happy times.

Life just seems like a lot of stress and effort for some happiness, i know its normal for people to have to stress their way through their jobs and life etc but i just don't have the motivation to do all of that. I guess its just laziness at the core of it, but stress does not make me happy, like if i was rich and was set for life or even most of it then i wouldn't bother committing suicide as the amount of stress in my life would drastically go down, obviously deaths would occur etc etc but stress would still be minimal. 

I doubt i will accomplish anything, or change anyone's life drastically. i know i make some people happy, and i will probably be missed for X amount of time, but i think i'm kind of just replaceable in most people lives. 

I have thought of ways i could off myself, don't worry i'm not going to off myself in the near future and its not something i'm considering at the moment per say, it would be something i consider, like moving house is a long thought out decision and at the moment, i'm not ready to commit suicide.  I also do not fear death, i fear pain that death may bring, but not death (also incredibly curious of what death brings)

Its something i always have as an option and always have since i was like 14 you could say, its never not their but sometimes its more obvious

I also think i would rather be homeless sometimes ( i know coming from someone whos never been homeless it sounds bad) but i just feel i would rather go hungry and cold then stick to a really stressful timeline and life.


To conclude:


I know this post must sound so selfish and petty compared to everyone elses problems and i'm not 100% sure that this isn't even the place for it. I'm just trying to understand why i feel this way as the thoughts are more prominent while going through this stress at uni.

I also don't particularly want to tell my family or friends as they are the type to stage and intervention or something.

Also sorry if this post is messy and hard to understand.

(edit- formatting)