I wrote a letter to 12 year-old me.Hi Pal. We’re at our wit’s end and it’s just about time, but I wanted to talk first. I remember being you. I carry you around with me. I wish I could protect you from the pain that you’re going to endure. I remember some days that you would be outside and look up at the clouds and wonder what you’ll be doing in exactly 10, 15, 20 years. Wondering if older you will look up at those clouds and remember doing it when you were a kid. Having some sort of connection through time. 


I’m sorry that everything turned out to be so much less meaningful and hopeful than what you had in mind. I don’t know where we went wrong. I don’t know what choices we could have made to have the future you hope for us. We never become an astronaut like you wanted.


I know you often feel alone. Those thoughts in your head –the scary cartoons that haunt you at night, the horrible thoughts you have about people you love – I’m sorry to tell you that they never really go away. They just change as you get older. You’ll try a lot of different things to make them go away, and they just won’t. You’ll meet other people who claim to suffer from similar things, but deep down you’ll never really know if their suffering is the same as yours. 


I’m sorry you’re so worried about hell. I know you promise God that you’ll read the Bible and love him and you hope that that’s enough. I know Mom and Dad will try to reassure you, to tell you that God is love. But you’ll only ever see him as a hateful monster to be feared, and eventually you won’t believe in him at all. There’ll be some peace in that. And this IS something that other people go through. You’ll find them, and they’ll make you feel better about it. 


You’ll keep being confused about whether you like girls or boys. About why you like to feel like a girl sometimes. You’ll be embarrassed and it will hurt, especially in high school. You’ll say a lot of mean things throughout your life to hide the pain. Lots of people go through this, too. I’m sorry that you won’t really have anybody to talk to about it until you’re older. Eventually society will become accepting of people like you. You’ll realize that you wish you had been born a girl. I wish I could say that you find some peace with it, but you won’t. It’ll cost you the only relationship that was ever meaningful to you. For what it’s worth, you’ll have an extremely pretty and wonderful girlfriend for a few years, and she’ll make you very happy even in the sadness. You’ll wish you could have married her and had a wonderful life together, and you'll wonder why other people get to have that when you don't. 


Your relationship with your parents is going to be rough. You’ll have a lot of yelling matches. You’ll disagree. They’ll be unfairly harsh sometimes, especially in your teenage years. You’ll fear their judgment and disapproval and while you’ll know they love you, you’ll always feel like they kind of hate you, too. It’ll start to get better toward the end, which will only really make you feel worse. 


Don’t blame them too harshly, though. It’s not really their fault. To be honest, I think there’s something very wrong with us, pal. You’ll go most of your life feeling like you annoy others, wondering why you don’t fit in and why people dislike you. You’ll feel like your friends will secretly wish that you weren’t part of the group, and eventually you won’t talk to them anymore even though they grow up and remain friends with each other. You won’t be able to connect with your coworkers, and you’ll work in silence while they become friends. For a couple of years after you graduate high school it’ll seem like maybe you’re finally getting things together, but it won’t last. You’ll feel terribly alone all the time.

 
That’s why we’re committing suicide. I know you can’t even imagine that. But you face a lifetime of loneliness and unhappiness. I’m grateful for the good times you’re going to have. I’m glad that you have no idea how miserable things will become, because it would ruin the good while you’re still able to enjoy it. It’ll be what’s called a ‘small comfort’, but you’ll at least be grateful that you were able to have friends, love, and a family at all. You'll be grateful for your new little sister who makes your world more tolerable, even though you feel guilty about making her life worse by being a part of it. 


Maybe in the next life we’ll meet, and I can apologize to you for screwing things up so badly. Stay strong, kid. It’s a bumpy ride.