No one can/will help me, you can't either.This is going to be kind of long, I feel like I need to tell someone. There will be a tl;dr at the bottom please check it out if you don't feel like reading this wall o text. 

It's my neighbors. The landlord above us rents to whatever scum he can find. I can tell you that this renter may be better for him but just as bad for me. They make so much noise all day and all night. Usually until 1am. I'd just like to sleep at a normal hour. Everything shakes, I hear their child screaming bloody murder for hours and the constant sudden loud noise are killing me. 

I've got PTSD. I was doing pretty well with depression and anxiety too. But then these fucks move in. Want to sleep before 2am? Too fucking bad. Want to take a nap because you actually get up at 7am, not 9 or 10? Only if the neighbors above you decide to quit throwing crap around. Seriously sounds like they're practicing juggling with bowling balls, and they're terrible at it. I'm just tired, so tired. 

I've tired so many things, talking to the renter, their landlord, the HOA, calling the police. Nothing. I just want to be able to live relatively peacefully in my own home. This isn't rented so I can't just up and move. I have no more solutions. 

I was doing so well. Now I'm back to feeling suicidal everyday, panic attacks abound. I don't see a point anymore. I can't move and my health is suffering. No one can or will help me and I just want to rest. Weekends are the worst. Not looking forward to having panic attacks all night and noise all night and day so I can't even try to calm myself. Earplugs only help so much because I can feel them doing whatever the hell it is they're doing to cause such a commotion. 

I don't even want to be talked out of anything, I just want peace and quiet for more than a few hours. I don't feel like I can recoup here or anywhere else. Home used to be my safe place and it's not safe anymore. 

tl;dr Nigehbors make so much noise and shaking all the time that's it's driving me to suicide.