I'm so tired all the timeAm I suicidal? Probably not. I just wanted someone to talk to. I could talk to my friends but it's not the same online as it is in person, and all of us are too busy or introverted to call. How funny.

I'm in high school by the way. I go to school in person every other day because I like seeing people I know exist and smiling. That helps. But the times I'm at home, I procrastinate my work until late nights until I either get them done or finish them a week or two later. My parents say I'm lazy. Am I lazy? I don't think so. I do try to get things done, but I always do look back and think "I could've done this earlier" or "I could've done this sooner". Deadlines are a pain in the ass. I just think school is the root of all my problems, or at least online school is. Regular school is tolerable and at least I got to actually see friends and people, and follow an assigned schedule. Online school is just more whacky. Too much lack of sleep and procrastinating. Am I just blaming something else for my problems or am I the problem? I'm just tired. Tired of school. Tired of quarantine. Tired of all my problems.

Maybe I'm just overreacting or I need to find a schedule that fits me. All I do now is copy from other people and submit overdue assignments anyways. I've been told that high school is just the tip of the iceberg with stress and it'll only get harder afterwards, which is probably true, but I just want to be done with it now. School is dumb. If I wasn't doing school now I think I'll be happier or at least able to sleep better. I would wake up with a proper amount of hours, water my plants, and play some games or do some baking. Maybe do something new too. But now it's just tiring.

I'm also worried that it's also around this time that my seasonal sadness comes to punch me in the gut. (I don't wanna call it seasonal depression because I haven't been diagnosed nor do I think I have it, but I just get upset and tired around this time, so that's what I call it). I don't have a way to get through it except just waiting until the months go by.

If you made it this far, thanks for reading this incoherent mess I typed up on the spot. I just needed someone to hear me out. Sorry if I posted this in the wrong subreddit. I only knew of this one.