My Story - I probably would never do it, but it's a thought in my mindNot sure where to start, so I'll begin with the basics. I'm a 19-year-old male, living in the UK; I left school at 16 and went to a college for 2 years, finishing at 18. From here I began searching for a job. I live in a very small area and so it was very difficult to land a job. After around 6 months of trying, I finally got one. It was a very good job for someone of my age and was one that I could potentially stay at for the rest of my life.

Unfortunately, I couldn’t cope with it. I have been an extremely quiet person for almost as long as I remember, all throughout school I was known as one of the quiet ones, and still now, to everyone that knows me, I am still, “the quiet one”. The job I got involved making a large amount of phone calls to people, whereby I would be asking them a lot of questions and answering a large amount of phone calls as well, where I would need to relay a lot of information back to answer the questions that they had for me. Being a quiet person, this was very difficult for me to handle and the added pressure of having co-workers in the office that could all hear me having to give out all this information, whilst they know me as “the quiet one”, made it just too much for me to be able to handle and I ended up resigning after around 3-4 months as it was making me ill and keeping me up all night worrying about having to go back through it all the next day.

Since this, I haven’t really made any progress towards anything. I have spoken to Doctors, Counselors etc, but as the issue I am having, is that I am extremely quiet, I don’t feel I am getting anything from it as I struggle to speak to people. This is probably going to sound completely ridiculous, but I struggle to speak to my own family. I rarely start a conversation with the people I am closest too and when they try and start the conversation up, I tend to give one word answers and the conversation stops there. As much as I would love to be “normal” and be able to have these social interactions with the people I am closest too, I cant and the thought of that makes me feel so stupid.

My mum is very ill right now and worrying her only makes things worse and causes her stress levels to escalate which causes her a lot of pain, even to the point were she in unable to get up.

I feel as though I am just a burden to my family as all this seems to cause issues and stress for everyone I am close too, as all they want is for me to get a job and live a “normal” happy life. I am not currently working which makes me feel even worse, but the fear of going back to a job and the whole cycle repeating itself is just too much.

Like I said in the title of this post, I probably would never do it, but it's a thought in my mind. To be honest, the reason I haven’t is because of the impact it would have on my mum, as she has asked me a number of times if I would ever do it and my response has always been no.

As I don’t seem to be going anywhere, or have any drive to improve things, I just don’t know what to do, I don’t want to be a shut in anymore, but I have know idea how to even start improving anything, just thought I write my ideas down as that tends to make me feel a little better.
