Fuck being transI'm an ftm trans 16 year old. I'm so fuckin tired of everything. My parents don't except me at all what so ever. I have been out to them for 3 or 4 years now. This is not a new thing. Anywhere I go I get looked at as a fuckin girl or dike. The only time I'm gended right is when I'm wearing my sute. Shit when I open my mouth then you know I'm just a " dike wanting to be a boy" I hate my self so much... I just want to be happy and I feel like the only true way is to 1. Leave my house and start HRT And or 2. Ji st to kill myself. And honestly I think 2 is going to come first. My parents do everything in there power to control me and my older sister. She is 19 And they even monitor her bank account. The only reason why she is not moving out is because she is going to nursing school and does it want to have a student loan and also my dad has M.S and we have to take care of him. I have already tried to kill myself a year and a half ago and I fucked that up like I do everything else. No one wants me. No one will love me. I'm so tired of looking in the mirror and not seeing the real me. I see some weird girl with a huge chest, huge hips, and Just fat in general ( yes I need to work out that a different issue) honestly no one would even care if I died anyway. Every one hates me and there is no point of me burdening my parents. I would be doing the world a favor if I just killed myself now. I won't have to keep waking up wondering why I'm still alive. I can go a day without think how I could kill myself. I can go a day without being so depressed. I can go a day without being told im a girl and will always be a girl. I fuckin hate my life and I will till the day I die. I really want it to come soon. I just wish something would happen to me when I was out driving or something where it just killed me so it would be less hard on the rest of my family. I know no one will read this and if you did thank you. I also just need to do what I get told everyday by people all the time... to just kill myself.... because no one cares