Convince me otherwise?To No-one and Everyone:

I have the urge to declare my sanity and justify my actions, but I assume I'll never be able to convince anyone that this was the right decision. Maybe it's true that anyone who does this is insane by definition, but I can at least explain my reasoning. I considered not writing any of this because of how personal it is, but I like tying up loose ends and don't want people to wonder why I did this. Since I've only spoken to a handful of people about what happened to me, others would likely draw the wrong conclusions. People say suicide is selfish. I think it's selfish to ask people to continue living painful and miserable lives, just so you possibly won't feel sad for a week or two. Suicide may be a permanent solution to a temporary problem, but it's also a permanent solution to a problem that grows more intense and overwhelming every day.

Most of the problems started back on the 18th of December in this relationship I was in. Before that everything was pretty good. On that day everything changed. I still don't know the root cause of this. I hadn't done anything prior to that. The next few days/weeks were going downhill. We had a fight and I left for a few days. I regretted that and was wrong. I take the blame and as much as I know the damage had already been done, I still tried to make it better. I hated myself for saying goodbye. I didn't mean it, but what happened happened.
We stopped talking for 3 days. I apologized and things became worse. Things were never the same again. Was it because of the first fight we had? Or was it because she changed on the 18th? Maybe she would've returned to normal, but that's too late to figure out now. 
Few weeks pass by and it's her birthday(!).
We couldn't be "friends". Sounds weird? Yeah, I was too much in love with her and she wanted to just remain friends. I couldn't stay friends because I would've felt uneasy. Both sides weren't satisfied. I apologized on her birthday and took all the blame for what I've done. Maybe she has forgiven me, maybe not. Though, I will never forgive myself. 
I tried to leave but we gave it dating a shot. She was still changed. This was not the S I fell in love with. Maybe she doesn't understand the sacrifices that I've made. I would've laid down and died for her. I gave up my life for her, totally devoted to her while I've stayed. Faithful all the way. Always in a rush to get back to her. I've done my best to give her nothing less than perfectness. And I know that if I end this I'll no longer have nothing left, but it seems like the only plausible conclusion.
Fast forward to the 31st of March. She fucked up. Huge fight but I forgave her and she requested a second chance which was granted. I was gonna leave but I didn't. I love her. 
Few weeks pass by and she did the same thing again, was that it? I had given her a chance already, was that it? I could've left here and there. I didn't. I wish I had but I didn't. I forgave her then again and in the run all this was happening, everything was still going downhill since the 18th. 
A few weeks ago she told me something I couldn't live with. Something I don't and can't mention because of privacy reasons. I couldn't live with that thing so I asked her to fix it by not talking to 2 people. She kept going on for a couple days contemplating, actually thinking about who to choose. Losing me or keeping 2 of her "friends" who were not really friends. I cannot elaborate on why they are not friends because that would give away too much detail. 
She later decided to leave me.
Around 6 months down the toilet. All those days, all those nights, those perfect moments and days. Gone.

All this may seen, and probably does, very light and a stupid situation for you, but remember. Everyone takes pain in differently. What for you may seem like the end of the world, could be another bad day for someone else. 
...and to you, S. If you're reading this know that I might sound like a broken record now, but I want you to remember that I love you, I always did, and I always will. May you find happiness here without me, If possible, I'll try to become your guardian angel, if not, I'll wait for you on the other side. I'll miss you so much, I'm sure you'll be the last thing on my mind. Please don't ever forget me, you were the only one who really knew me. I love you. And I know we're all pretty small in the big scheme of things and I suppose the most you can hope for is to make some kind of difference if you don't wanna take my very same path. But -- what kind of difference have I made? What in the world is better because of me? I am weak. And I am a failure. There's just no getting around it.
To my family, I'm very sorry you have to go through this. I know it's hard seeing you sad after dad passed away mom. I always loved you. I had hard times showing it but I really loved you. You were always there for me and I can't stress on how much I love you. I wish I could have given you a last hug but all that was going to do is raise questions and prevent this from happening. I love you.

To those of you who have shown me love, thank you for putting up with all my shittiness and moodiness and arbitrariness. I was never the person I wanted to be. Maybe without the darkness I would have been a better person, maybe not. I did try to be a good person, but I realize I never got very far.
I'm sorry for the pain this causes. I really do wish I had another option. I hope this letter explains why I needed to do this. If you can't understand this decision, I hope you can at least forgive me.

Yours truly, 
[retracted].