Do those people who say it's gets better actually know what they are talking about?It seems like they are just talking from their own personal experience of recovering from a hard time, or that they are just parroting what they hear from everyone else. It very much bothers me that it's not guaranteed things will get better. I feel that life is probably hellish forever only with short breaks where things are okay for a while, and those breaks are just long enough to convince people that life is good. Anyways, I've been having to use every scrap of self control in my body to not kill or hurt myself for the past two years. It's scary because if I slip up once I may be dead or permanently injured. There is an easy way of hurting myself that could make me physically disabled or kill me and it's quite the temptation! Like, it's just there... I could do it anytime... It's like trying not to drink when you're incredibly thirsty. I've been hurting myself in small ways to tide myself over.

One thing that's really bothering me is that I hate being human. I also hate associating with or seeing humans. They are so uncanny and alien it's legitimately disgusting to me! If I see someone's face, I feel such a strange disconnect. Like, I don't know what to call it. I feel nothing when I see people, but it's nothing in a terrible way. Feelings provide familiarity and are your guide in life. Without them, everything is just to confusing, alien, and uncanny. I just hate these weird creatures and feel an urge to hurt them, even when they are kind to me. Kindness doesn't make me feel. Nothing does. I'm so lost.

I know a lot of bad things happened to me already even though I'm pretty young (18). I cut off both sides of my family because they were abusive and I've been living in pretty terrible poverty, and then there's a lot of things I could go into but they honestly hurt too much. I did have a parent who took joy in hurting others and would treat us very sadistically all day, everyday. They also did try to kill my other, good parent once. Every day and night, I'd be so scared I'd walk out of my room and see my good parent dead. And what's funny is that's the easy thing to talk about! The thing that's making me want to die is the "too painful" one. I wouldn't be surprised if I have CPTSD. Fear has molded my personality from an early age and is what dominates every aspect of my life today. That, and shame. I have so many issues, I think I'm more "issue" than human!

Thank you to anyone who reads this. I feel terrible and this must not be fun to read!