I Have No Other OptionLet's start with some backstory. I was a fantastic student in high school. I had a 4.0 GPA, sang solos in the school musicals, was president of two clubs and helped found two others, and had a very active social life. This was all after I wrestled with depression and suicidal thoughts throughout middle school, and I thought I was long past all of it. 

Then, college. I don't really know what happened, but since then I've just had an overwhelming sense of apathy. I barely passed my first quarter, and odds are I'm going to completely fail this one. I wake up and just see no reason to get out of bed. Not a day goes by now when I don't go to any of my classes and end up sleeping for ~16 hours. I don't know why, but I just stopped caring about pretty much anything. If I'm lucky, I'll get enough motivation to actually have two meals in a day instead of one. 

This has just brought back my old depression to even greater levels. Given how competitive they are, I have absolutely no hope of getting into any of my school's science or engineering programs. If I fail this quarter, I'm put on academic probation. My parents know nothing of this and think I'm continuing my straight-A streak. 

I can still easily change my major to one of the guarenteed-admission majors like English or Applied Math or something, but then I have to live the rest of my life knowing that I failed all my lifelong hopes and dreams simply because I didn't feel like it was worth getting out of bed. 

I can't do that. 

I can't live a life where I wake up every day and know that the job I'm working and the life I'm living is a result of a simple lack of motivation. The fact that I've screwed myself over for no good reason just makes me feel worse about myself. It's fucking hopeless. 

Problem is, my apathy worsens my problems, which worsens my depression, which worsens my apathy, which worsens my problems. 
I don't fucking know what to do anymore. I know I should go out, get help, but then, what's the point? I've already screwed myself over. I got lucky enough to get a dorm with a balcony. Not a day goes by now where I don't go out there and imagine jumping. Even stood on the rail once.

Please help, I don't know what to do. I typed a lot more, but to save your time just ask if you want more info about my situation. 