I want outHi. I'm 29. I'm a failure at everything I do. I have no motivation to do much these days. Some days seem a little brighter, then it all comes crashing down again. Today was one of these days.

I don't know for how long I've been depressed. Many years for sure.

My last proper job was 13 months ago. Me and my father don't talk anymore. He's a prick. We had my sister's birthday dinner a couple of days ago and we kinda pretended the other didn't exist. My last relationship ended a few months ago and since that I've been living at my mom's house. I've gotten back together with my ex 2 months ago but she had decided to go on a 2 month trip to another continent and had everything planned out so she went. Last week she decided she wanted to "be alone" and "find herself" and called me telling me not to contact her for the weekend. I don't believe her. I think she wanted to fuck someone and not feel guilty. I told her I never wanted to see her again, and I don't. I feel like she never loved me, she doesn't know what that is. She wanted us to get back together because I was the one who ended it and she couldn't accept the abandonment. She needed to take control and be the one to make a decision.

My mother has told me I don't have much time. She hinted that she would put me out of the house soon quite a few times. She mocked me everytime I talked about killing myself. She looks for conflict constantly and I don't even have the confidence to stand my ground.

Today has not been a terrible day. I've had a response from a CV I sent. But then...

First my ex-gf texted and I told her I didn't want to listen to her just so she could get things of her chest. That disturbed me quite a bit.

Second my mother came yelling at me because I forgot to wash a plate, then yelled for quite a bit more because I only sent 2 CV's today. She told me my time is running out and that I had every opportunity in life, which is not a lie.

I know it's all my fault. No-one hates me more than myself.

I have no strength anymore. I can't pull myself by the fucking bootstraps like this society demands me to. I just want the pain of not being wanted by anyone to go away.

I don't want to die. I've been looking from the balcony thinking about it and I don't want it. But I don't want more pain either. And I know what to do. I just don't have strength in me anymore to do anything. It has been beaten outof me.

I have no real friends anymore. Everyone who liked me I end up alienating or just went away.

Treatment is not an option. I don't have any money.

I just wanted to write something in hopes that it would calm me down. I don't want to be homeless and I decided I will kill myself if it comes to it. I've picked the spot from where I'll jump off it comes to it.

I'm so tired of being lonely, sad, angry, weak.

I'm going to sleep and I will not kill myself today. Sorry for the torrent of uncohesive thoughts.