September 11th.Sorry for it being so unclear and not organized but I'm not really in a good headspace to write neatly. 

This is for anyone thinking of commiting suicide. I'm not guilting you or anything I just think people need to hear the other side. 

September 11th, my grandma's birthday. also the last time we talked. 

She died on November 7th, 2019. I was 15. I got the news the next day. I was 9000km away, and I chose to stay where I was because I was on a foreign exchange. I thought my grandma would want that for me even though it was so hard. I missed those first moments. I missed her celebration of life. I missed being there for my grandpa, my dad...my mom. She commited suicide. I don't know how, because I never asked. My mom called me and said Grandma died. I don't remember what I said, it was gibberish anyways. She told me there was a note. I don't know what the note says. I never asked to read it. I spent the next 2 days in bed. My host family didn't say anything to me. Didn't say sorry. Didn't ask if I was ok. My host ˘mom brought food to my bed. I didn't eat much. I didn't talk much those days. I went through pictures. Lots of crying. Lots of anger and confusion and frustration and guilt. I live with that daily. I think about her every single day. About what I could've done  What my family could've done. About how much I miss and love her. She suffered from chronic pain in most of her body. I imagine that's why she did it. It. The stigma. I don't talk about her death, especially how she died. Suicide. Bereavement. Never getting closure, never knowing why. Always wondering what if...it's horrible. Bereavement happens many ways but suicide is different because...it wasn't totally random. Someone calculated it. Someone took their life. Someone wrote a note and knew they were going to cause so much pain and took their own life. After 2 days in bed, my host mom told me to cheer up. She told me I needed to go to school or she couldn't do the errands she needed to do. I got 2 days. Then I was back at school. And it was almost like nothing happened. I was forced into pretending I was ok. I suffered suicidal thoughts. I thought about harming myself. I was so angry at her and myself and everyone around her who was there to notice. The last time I phoned her was her birthday. She sent me a Facebook messages I didn't respond to and a photo of her and my brother and grandfather. She wasn't real smiling. Her lips curled that was it. And then she was gone. No more messages. I never got to show her my pictures or speak to her in fluent Spanish that I learned in 8 months or tell her about my exchange or anything. My program sent a counselor and brought a translator I didn't need. The translator asked me if my Grandma was Christian. I said yes. I'm atheist. I told her that. She said if my Grandma was a real Christian that she wouldn't have committed suicide because that's not a Christian thing to do. This was 5 days after I was told. I don't talk to my family about it. About anything. I don't talk about anything to anybody. I don't have friends. This is the first time I've ever written anything about this other than writing her letters. I have so much guilt. So much anger. I love her so much and miss her and I would do anything to bring her back. I don't know where I'm going with this I think I just needed to say something about it. Happy 62nd birthday Grandma.