I'm concerned I'm going to get liver damage. 6500MG paracetamolHi all, 

I know it's incredibly stupid of me but with this year being as shit as it has been I've found myself back in the cold grim clutches of depression. Earlier today I phoned in sick to work and had an argument with my mum due to my low mood and for sucking the happiness out of any situation I've been a part of. I know she didn't mean it but it freaked me out. I basically just grabbed all the paracetamol I could find and grabbed a beer out of the fridge, wrote out a note for my family and the few friends I have, and wolfed down about 12 or 13 500mg tablets before breaking down and thinking of what it'd do to my mum and sister. I was going to eat a few packets of it but I stopped at 12/13, I guess my morals pulled me out. I tried to throw up as many as I could into the toilet straight away but I just couldn't be sick, even with salty water, I managed to get a bit of bile out and saw some white residue but no solid tablets. Please can anyone put my mind at rest? I know I should go to a hospital really or ring 111 but my anxiety is preventing me from doing that and I can't tell my mum as it's been years since my last attempt (24 that time) and it will break her heart. 

I know you lovely people will offer help with my depression but at this point it's something I've had for 10 years (I'm 23) and we are sort of old friends. I have my depression relatively in check and I take mitazapine and get therapy once every 2 weeks for my social anxiety. This was just a really bad lapse of judgement which I ultimately regretted as soon as I realised what I'd started doing. 

I feel fine and it has been about 6 hours, now I know liver damage and failure etc can take over a week to present itself, but if someone could please put my mind at rest, what danger does this realistically pose to me? I asked my friend who works as a nurse and he said that 150mg/kg in weight is likely to do damage, I'm 88 kg and a pretty big guy so I know I'm way bellow the threshold but I just don't want to upset my family, how much danger am I realistically in?

I drink fairly regularly but haven't drank for the past 5 days due to working over christmas.

Thanks in advance to all you lovely people doing god's work on this page.