My depressionNot really cry for help but my thoughts on depression.

21M

Depression is like a ego death. Everytime i get depressed is when i have no goal in life. It's not that i can't set goals and i am depressed but other way around. When i am forced to do something for somebody else (friend , family ect) i feel like i can't let them down.

I don't have this relationships with myself. It's like i don't matter. Probably because i recently started viewing lookism and blackpill.

I narrowed value of humans to biological and sexual attraction. You can't value humans by any objective means. It just dosen't exist. Sometimes i get that but this monster of self hate and nihilism creeps in me whole time.

I can function normally when forced to but when i am alone i just don't care. Due to this numbness i project bad intentions on people around me.

How is depression ego death? In order to have emotions or anything you need ego. Some construct which connects your expirieences into a personhood. You feel like person thus you have EGO.

Depression is manifestation of ego that can't fully be expressed in society. You feel like YOU don't MATTER. But that's expirience of having an EGO. Very very rarely , trough meditation i got to few moments of egolessness. It's just pure awerness. Bliss on Earth. 

You need to realize that brain is doing it's job. You feed him information and it tries to construct picture and what can you expect from outside world. If you feed your brain BS and that you are worthless then brain starts depression as way to save energy and disociate from experience.

When depressed you don't move at all. Almost like winter sleep for some animals. Also numbness and lack of comunication sign me a major dissociation from world. Why interact with world if everything your person does is bad?

After every minor or major depressive episode i have integrated new behaviors. Either i have changed some belifs or behaviors towards something.

Think of depression as litteraly dying of another person and new one is born. Now obsessive thought's make sense. You consciously processing new form of yourself. 

Your body dosen't want to die really. When you are trying to kill yourself you want to be something other they yourself. YOU don't have existance as whole but you hate being this person which you call yourself. It's ego death.

Best way to escape it is to change your thinking. Easier said then done. Try medditation. It can make anything less relevat and more beautiful at same time. 

Every major problem you have won't matter. You would see trickery your brain does for your PERSON.

In reality you are only awerenss of this body mind thing which we call ourselves.