i want to end my life because i can't find loveevery since i entered the age at which feelings for the opposite gender start to kick in i have discovered that i am more introverted and on the quiet side, than i was when i was younger. i am currently in my last year of highschool (thank fucking god) and i have expanded my social circle and began to go to more parties and social events, i thought that maybe in said events i would meet a girl whom i can relate too and maybe develop a relationship with.

obviously, given that i turn into a complete social vegetable around girls, i couldn't speak with any of them about anything, my other problem was that, even though i thought a lot of them looked really good, i had no genuine interest in them. and unlike most teenaged guys, i cant date anyone unless i have a genuine interest in them outside of physical looks. 

i admit that part of my issue with girls is my high standards for the relationship,(it doesn't help that i never get flirted with or that girls never talk with me) there are plenty of girls that i think look good, but i couldn't date them. of all the girls i actually wanted to date and get to know, they all just seem to lose interest in me.

my biggest problems however are not typical problems people face when it comes to forming relationships,

1: i am a complete social vegetable in a one on one setting with girls. there has been some progression in the sense that i can talk to girls in group situations, but as far as getting to know girls one on one it is complete rocket science to me. the thing that nobody seems to understand is that this applies to ALL girls, so the common advice of "just practice with unattractive girls" doesn't really work for me. i have always been a horrible conversationalist, i never know how to approach girls without coming off as a creep or weirdo. it doesn't help that whenever i try to step out of my comfort zone, i essentially just get laughed at and ridiculed.

2: my other major problem can simply be said that i am not a good person. people always say that you should be yourself, but the way i am, and the way i act and the way my attitude is, i am the complete polar opposite of boyfriend material. i have a difficult time feeling empathy for people (not animals surprisingly enough), and i have trouble being nice because whenever i am nice to people i just end up getting treated like a doormat. as far as personality, interests and sense of humor goes, i am by far the worst. socially speaking this affects the way i make friends as well, most of the time i don't get invited to said events, i only really go just cause they tolerate my presence. the only reason i really have friends is because nobody has the guts to tell me to fuck off. its really hard for me to to talk with girls cause 99% the time they will just think of my personality as being weird. TLDR; the other reason i have trouble with girls is because i am not an interesting or desireable human being

my struggles with relationships are so bad that i have been placed on antidepressants because of it. the worst part is that they say "you have to love yourself before you can find someone who loves you" and the truth is, i'm happy with the way life is (excluding anything to do with relationships and friendships) my family loves me alot, i have a job and have money, my physical health is perfect, and i love how far ive progressed in my photography hobby. and well, as far as the way i am (outside of what other people think, and my short comings) i love the way i am, i feel that my identity is good, and that maybe some people would appreciate it (obviously nobody does)

but i feel like all i am missing is the love and affection from someone outside my family. i feel like i have nobody to talk to about my thoughts. i feel that i can be a good guy if i want to, but given my social disabilities, i can't show girls the best of myself. i never had a girl compliment me or greet me with joy or excitement.  i feel that in the future i might end my life over it, even at the age of 17 right now, i feel like i am unlovable and feel like i will live life being single, lonely and miserable. ive tried what seems like everything under the sun to correct my situation, but i always end in the same spot: single, lonely, miserable, and unlovable i feel like i might end my life in the near future because of this, i cant stand the feeling that i will likely live life being single because of my seemingly unfixable short comings.