Probably tl;dr that's okI have to be completely honest about this._x000D_
I haven’t been doing ok. That night I posted that thing on facebook, I actually might have done it. I might have gone through with it. I was on my bed having a panic attack staring at the bottles on the table. The bottle of gross rum I had brought for my roommate that she decided she didn’t want and the trazadone I hadn’t thrown away. They had helped me sleep. All I wanted was to sleep. The voices in my head were telling me to do it and begging me not too. That sentence scares me. It scares me a lot. I still haven’t thrown them away but I'm all out of rum. My friend’s dad called a wellness check and  that same friend kept calling and I couldn’t stop crying. I don’t know if I was angry or thankful mostly just tired. I’m always tired. I might have been sad, I don’t know. The point of all this is to say I might have done it. Swallowed the pills all 16 of them (I counted), with a shitty rum chaser. I think about it a lot if it would have killed me or left me in a coma either would be fine but the coma would be easier on my brothers. I say it sometimes but they are the reason I haven’t tried yet, what my memory would be too them. They’re too young for the heavy stuff like suicide and death. I want to though so badly. It’s like an addiction for a drug I've never done. I want it, it’s all I think about in the back corners of my mind. It clings to my every thought, invasive as vines. The worse part is that I don’t really want to die. I just don’t want to be alive more. Nothing brings me joy, I'm not even sad im nothing. I lie and be and just pray I won’t wake up, that I will just slip away in the night. Melt into my bed, spontaneously combust anything so that I don’t have to open my eyes in the morning. I don’t feel like reading! I don’t want to draw or watch tv or a movie or listen to music I don’t want to fucking exist. I don’t even want to try. I think of classes of graduating, of learning new things, getting an internship, then a job. Then meet someone nice, fall in love, get married, have children , be happy. None of that seems even remotely possible, I can’t even muster the energy to imagine that. I’m just so tired. I feel broken. Wrong. Like something taped together wrong. Kind of fragile. It’s hard to explain. I feel hungry. My stomach is making noises and I'm dizzy that means I'm hungry. I wouldn’t know otherwise, I have no appetite. The thought of putting food in my mouth makes me nauseous. I’m starving but I don’t feel it not really. I'll eat later…probably, sometimes I can’t help it. The room will spin and my stomach cramps like its trying to eat itself and I go and make a sandwich or pasta and I'll eat, and then I'll make fish sticks and eat those too and maybe some cookies and something sweet. And I'll keep eating until I get tired and go to sleep. I play the sims a lot. I don’t know if I like it. I don’t think I like a lot of things I do. But anyway the sims 4 is the one I play and I spend half my time designing these perfect sims, pretty, smart, nice, and put them in a nice place I spend the other half of my time designing and I play them for a while get bored, create a new save file and repeat. Over and over and over again I do this. Why? It’s not fun, it brings me no enjoyment but I do it for hours, days, weeks. Then I'll stop I wont touch it for months and then it’ll happen again. I don’t remember why I mention the sims I think I had a point but I forgot it. Whatever I think I’m done. I don’t think the three of them are going to be enough for much longer. I’m not sure its enough now. I’m not ok. Im not fine. And im scared. I hate disappointing people, I hate it. I think I’m going to disappoint a lot of people. I tried to tell them give hints but I don’t think anyone but aunt Eunice noticed and she’s already dead. That’s a whole other thing. She’s dead. That sucks. I don’t know. Is this the lowest it can go? I think if I knew that if I knew for certain that this right now is the lowest point I will ever reach. I could bear it. But I don’t know that hell I don’t believe that. I know for certain this is nothing. This is fucking Thursday night. This isn’t even going to be the lowest point this week. I am so goddam tired. I just want the world to stop a while. I don’t want to kill myself, I want to be in a box with a soft warm couch with a pillow and a blanket and unlimited fanfiction, e-books and podcast. And I’d be happy. I just want to stop worrying about how I’m going to survive and just survive. I don’t actually care how it happens I would even ask for living happy I just want to survive this. I don’t think I can. I’m still arguing with my self. Do it. Don’t you dare. I could still do it. I really really want to. More than anything. I’ scared because I thought about it and my body moved to get up. If I get up I will do it. I want to. That’s why I'm writing. I’m scared there’s something really wrong with me. I don’t know what broke me but I'm broken anyway. I said I’d be honest so I will be but doing so scares me. I lie a lot. I don’t even know why. I don’t mean to, there never any reason too but I do. I lie about everything for no reason. The little things I get. Some one asks you how you are? You say fine, you don’t say how you're constantly battling the thought of legitimately slitting your own throat, you say “fine, how are you? “ and then you pretend to care how they are. But the other stuff I don’t get. Why lie about your cats name? Or your favorite movie? Or what flavor of chips you like best? What is the use of lying about that? I don’t know it just happens and keeps happening. I went to a nami meeting they say you should pretend you are doing well, they call it “maintaining the mask", the philosophy being you keep pretending and eventually it’ll be true. I guess the problem is I wear so many masks I can’t remember which is the original. There a character is this anime I watch who has the ability to make copies of himself and he did that copies of copies of copies and they got into a fight that lasted days just killing each other off until he was the only one left, but because all the copies are connected he felt himself die so many times he can’t tell if he was the original or not and he’s so afraid of the thought he refuses to make copies anymore. And anyway I feel like that sometimes. I hate my family you know. For having me, for keeping me. For being in the situation they were in and deciding to bring a baby into that. For letting HER keep a baby, let alone 4. I’m so angry. Angry and tired is a horrible place to be. It’s festering I think, growing stronger and eating me from the inside out. There’s nothing to be mad at. No one to take the blame. It’s done. I was born, it happened, I can’t change it. Go back in time, to the moment she always brings up where she could and should have given me up for adoption to that nice Jewish couple that wanted me. It’s nice to be wanted. I hate her, my mother. I hate my mother. But I love her too, I love her cause I know she loves me she thinks about me sometimes and she’s proud of me. She is so innocent yet so fucking guilty. She’s ill mentally she needs help she can’t help it. I know. I love her, saying that hurts, I don’t know why. I don’t know what to do. I never do. I think I wrote this to procrastinate writing a paper for a class I hate. And partly because I’m scared, being in my head is scary. And nothing helps and I keep going to Christina and saying im fine and doing better and lying. But I think I need help. I probably won’t show this to anyone actually. But it’ll be here, I know about it. This sounds like a suicide note. I don’t know yet if it is.