I wasn't made for this world.I've been severely mentally ill my whole life, it runs in my family and I was severely physically verbally and emotionally abused as well as neglected growing up so I have PTSD and depression and ASD and it's gone unchecked my entire life because nobody has ever supported me and believed I need help but I can't get help on my own. Everywhere I look everyone says mental illness is just an excuse and not real and I'm just lazy and just need to work harder and try harder. I can't. I can't focus or function, I have no motivation or energy. The older I get the less and less people are willing to care and just label me as making excuses and being lazy on purpose. I've been intensely suicidal for the past month straight and I can't commit suicide where I live because it'd be too much trouble for those I live with but I can't work up the energy to get in my car to go find an appropriate spot to park and do it. I have a plan that I pray would work if I do it properly but I'm terrified of it not working because I can't afford to go into medical debt on top of my student loan debt for my failed attempt at college (I couldn't complete it because of my mental health and dropped out because I had to be hospitalized after a suicide attempt, which thankfully I was under 21 and still on my dad's insurance at the time) and tax debt. I'm hoping I can just do the right thing and finally end my misery but I'm so afraid of failing and going into more debt that I just sit here rotting and broke and unemployed with debt piling up. I know it's my fault and that I just make excuses which is why I want to do the right thing. I fucking desperately wish I had a gun so I could be sure I won't fail (I know there's still an extremely marginal risk of failure with that but ye) but I can't legally buy one bc of previous psych hospitalization and I can't fcking afford one thru private sales which is hilariously ironic. So I'm either gonna work up the motivation to attempt the method I have in mind and pray it works and keep a knife with me so that if it doesn't work I'll suicide by cop (my luck I'd get the one cop in this goddamn country who thinks before he shoots and takes me down without killing me) or I wait for a good opportunity to steal a gun from my dad or my brother so I can do it the easy way and keep suffering until then...