I feel like I'm stuckHello.

To summarise my shitty year I'll just do some quick points. 

1. Got into a lot of debt.
2. The love of my life broke up with me and is now moving on but keeps saying he wants me and the dropping me.
3. I got kicked out and family don't even wanna know me and had to move miles away.
4. I got raped.
5. I tried to kill myself twice.
6. All of my 'friends' have dropped off the face of the earth since I moved away.
7. I had a miscarriage.
8. I'm trying to save to go to Canada for 2 years next year but finding it difficult.
9. I started self-harming again after 3 years clean.
10. I look probably the worst I have in years.

I have been waiting for things to be better, then as soon as they are, it's so brief that I don't even have time to fully enjoy it before I crash and burn again.
I wanna get help but I don't want to be fed the horseshit of 'time heals things, think of were you will be in a year blah blah'.
Its my birthday in 2 weeks and that's already been ruined by everyone dropping out of plans and the fact that I won't even get any correspondence from my family.

Im trying so hard to better things for myself, I have a stable job, I go to the gym, I eat well, I do my photography on the side but nothing seems good enough.

At this point I'm just giving up, if things don't improve by the end of the year then I'm done. I'm sick of sticking around for people when I'm miserable. I've tried the meds and the therapy, I've tried doing it on my own, with help and everything in between.
How long do I have to keep pushing on for before someone says I can go?
Social constructs are bullshit, I'm not happy, anyone who ever has made me happy has left, I try so hard to keep myself happy and love myself and I just can't.
It's been a 'nice' almost 24 years, but I'm out if this is how it's going to go on.
Yeah I'm being selfish, but surely it's selfish for me to stay and cause other people pain and for me to stay and suffer just because people will be sad for a year.