Does Anyone Else Play Suicide Roulette?Hello, mates!

For about a month now I have been experimenting with what I call Suicide Roulette. First off: I don't truly give a f#$k whether I live or die, and I have felt that way for a LONG time (a LOT stronger lately). My life, now that I am on disability, is nothing more than trying out foods I've never tried before (been doing that a LOT lately, all kinds of weird food experiences, just to pass the time) and sleeping. Went on a nice 36 hour long sleep a few days ago, which was HEAVEN — a whole day and a half that I didn't have to experience except in the depths of dreams (and the occasional pee break or water guzzle). Anyway, I digress... 

About a month ago I decided to eat about 50mg of edibles, smoke a TON of pot and hash, six sleeping pills, two blood-pressure lowering pills, a new anti-psychotic that REALLY f$#ks with my mind and body, and then drink an insane amount of alcohol. I have had heart-attacks (only one that I reported) and the "peak" of pot (edibles and smoking) REALLY hits my heart hard. In fact, the pain is worse than a heart attack, but for some reason I am able to separate myself from it (maybe that's the alcohol and the anti-psychotic med, I don't know). Well, that first trip was a BIGGY and I was truly certain that I was going to die that night, and I kept saying over and over, like some sort of mystical mantra: "I'm ready to go, I'm ready to go, I'm ready to go." 

So, obviously I DIDN'T die that first time, as I am still here typing about it, but the pith of the idea for Suicide Roulette was born for me. In the next couple of days I started getting my financial shit together, mainly in regards to my daughter's inheritance, making sure she'll be fine financially. Gotta love that 401k. So...  I've done four or five Roulette's since that one, increasing the dosages of edibles and herb (pot shop right down the road, lucky me) as well as increasing the amount of pills and alcohol. Last night was my biggest one yet — I really thought it was going to be the last act of my pathetic little life. The intense squeezing around my heart blossomed out to my entire body, my arms and legs straight out and flexing uncontrollably, my back arched up higher than it has ever been, entirely breathless, a being of pure sensation and flickering random thoughts and images. There WAS a bit of fear there, which I am sure is normal, although I DID find myself worrying that my body would start convulsing and that I would wake up my roommate by uncontrollably kicking and thrashing of the floor. 

Well, tonight's mystical concoction is starting to kick in. If I'm around after tonight's game I will pop back in and see if anyone else is playing (or has played) Suicide Roulette. Obviously, the ultimate outcome is the desirable one, but WHY NOT make it fun? ...Or, I suppose trying this game MIGHT reveal to a person whether they REALLY want to die or not. Trust me, if you really DON'T want to die — maybe you're just a suicide tourist who enjoys swimming in the mire of the morose, or haven't been close enough to death to get a good strong whiff — this game will definitely tell you. IF you survive the game, you MIGHT wake up from it and see that deep down you really DON'T want to die. No sense in dying if you don't really WANT to (although, in the end, you have no choice). ;-)

Anyhoooo. Peace to you and yours, and may the New Year bring you everything you wish for, EVEN if you are wishing for absolute Nothingness. I know I'd be just as happy to hit that goal tonight. Just Nothing, Naught, Nada.

— Cinderman