Why the fuck do I keep thinking anyone will care?Everyday I get up and hate myself, my anxiety and depression kick in immediately after I open my eyes and it hits me like a truck every fucking time. I have no close friends, at best I'm acquaintances with a few people but not enough for them to want to hang out or be around me, more just like we were sort of friends in high school or grade school that might talk once and awhile. No one starts the conversation with me, I'll just send out random snapchats to people hoping that someone might respond and I can actually talk to them. I feel like all I do is annoy and burden everyone around me, I tell people how I feel and they never feel like listening even though I would do it for them, but it's not like anyone comes to me because they all have other friends that they like more than me anyways. I've only had one girl friend and that barely lasted any time at all and it made me realize just how utterly alone I am and how no one is ever going to put up with this bullshit to be with an ugly guy that has no confidence at all. Now I think about killing myself constantly. The thought of just ending it all is so appealing to me but I just wish there was a quick way to do it, I just wish I had a gun so I could blow my fucking brains out and it'd be over. No one would really miss me, maybe my "friends" would talk about me for a little while, wonder what happened or wish they had done more to help, but that's it. Of course my family would be sad but they'd move on eventually. I'm a forgettable person, I'd do anything to just have some people in my life that actually give a fuck about me, not people that are related to me and have to love me, not people that take pity on me after something slips out, and not random people on the internet that only give a shit because I'm talking about killing myself. I don't think I'm asking for much but it sure as hell feels that way. I just want to fucking die so this constant emptiness that I feel everyday will just be gone.