Reaching out is bullshitHow come everyone always says to reach out? Or afterwards they say oh, if only we'd known, if only they'd reached out for help. 

I called my parents tonight to say I felt low and was really struggling. Got told I'm an emotional bully and emotionally abusing them. Literally because I said being told to go for a walk and think of all the things I had to be grateful for was not helping, that I'd already tried every coping strategy I could think of. 

Texted a friend to say I'd had a hard week, could really do with a catch up and were we still on for X. Ignored. 

Looked through my phone book to see if there's anyone else. There isn't. Everyone in there has distanced themselves one way or another. Usually I just get ignored. 

I get that I'm a fucking miserable shit and no fun to be around sometimes (though tbh even on my good days people don't want me around). I get it. But it really isn't helpful when people pretend that reaching out makes it better. Because I keep reaching and everyone keeps running away. And then when I finally work up the courage to do it, they're all going to say afterwards, oh if only we'd known. 

You did know. Every fucking one of you knew. Even if I hadn't said it out loud (because who wants someone around who says shit like that), I've definitely said to all of them at one point that I was having a bad week and got nothing back. Even just hey, rough week at work, fancy a beer? Nothing. NOTHING. 

Even if I pretend for years that all is fine. As soon as I say my day hasn't been great, I get ignored or distanced. It's not like I say oh worst day ever, gonna top myself guys. Apparently just "ah, bad day - can't wait for a beer" is enough for these guys to drop me like a rotting potato. 

I think something went wrong when I was born. Biologically, something in me is repulsive. You can't fix shit like that. 

Anyway, that's not the point. The point is that telling everyone to reach out just makes it a hundred times worse when you try that and it doesn't work. And coming into this post and saying hey, this anon cares is hardly going to make up for the fact that real actual people who have actually met me have basically sent every sign they can to say they don't want me in their lives. And I get it. Cos I don't want me in my life either. But apparently I don't have much of a choice since I'm not fucking strong enough to end it. 

Fuck it. I don't actually know what to do. I'll work it out though. At least I don't have to worry about hurting anyone else now. I think the balance has tipped to where I don't give a damn about staying alive just to avoid hurting someone else. Cos it's hurting me more to live like this. 