Tired of fighting the good fight and keeping up appearances.I (F) have been battling mental illness since my teen years and I am almost 35. I think even as a child I was more sensitive than most. I always thought I’d die from this or self destructive behaviours. Yet I LIVED. With no family support I ever remember having. Rape and sexual assaults. Physically, emotionally, and mentally abusive friendships and relationships. Many personal losses, alcoholism, and a love of cocaine. I got my life together though. Seemingly. People think I’m a survivor and I’m open about mental health on IG but truly I’ve been planning on giving up. 

Yes I have no more addictions. Beautiful place of my own. SUV almost paid off. Work out 6 days a week and take care of my appearance meticulously. Great employee with a government job (albeit low paying and soul destroying I’ve smiled through it.) Outwardly I seem like I have it all together. I seem like a catch. It’s all just a mirage though. Smoke and mirrors. The cracks have begun to show at work and I’m no longer able to fake I’m ok. On my days off I don’t want to get out of bed and often times don’t. I started out anxiously puking up my food to deal with my mental health spinning out of control and now I just don’t eat at all. I seem friendly and kind on the surface but a confusing diagnosis between either being BPD or having CPTSD means I destroy all the healthy relationships I have. Especially romantic ones. 

I have no trust for others because I believe myself to be too much. I believe that I am inherently unlovable and considerably toxic. I test those I love who may love me but they get pushed to the point that they can’t anymore to protect their own peace. I’ve had so many bad relationships that have broken me that I now break down potentially good relationships because my mind tells me people are bad and out to hurt me. When I realize how good they are it’s too late and they are gone. I just did this and the person I’ve loved most, ever, just said it would be best if we never saw each other again. I begged but he’s right that my insecurity will always test us. No one has ever made me feel seen, and as accepted as him and I still pushed him to his limits. I don’t see any hope for my future. Not romantically. We are in this world where a lot of people are just looking to get laid or put on false pretences while they dishonestly date others behind your back. That’s all I experienced before him. I felt like just some hole to play with and it was really demoralizing. I felt like a shell of a person and I can’t go through that again. Please don’t tell me I should just work on myself. I’ve done a lot of work. I’m tired. I have one true friend that checks up on me but if her relationship was happier I’d probably have zero support. 

I want to say you really don’t know what demons inhabit someone’s mind. The constant shame of just existing can reside in anyone regardless of looks, status, or how their life may seem. Sometimes being grateful is just not enough when you feel alone. I appreciate any messages and I applaud those of you who selflessly take the time to offer support on here. It’s just that I want supportive people in my area and I want true love. I have decided my course of action within the next 24 hours. My home is staged like a Christmas open house. I have a cute outfit to be found in. I deleted and cleared out all my social media which went back to 2007. I am about to write my note and have a plan. I’m mostly at peace with this decision. I feel it’s time. I haven’t had any sign from the universe yet tonight that I shouldn’t go through with this but the only person that could probably talk some sense into me is my ex who will not be contacting. I feel bad that work will wonder where the heck I am on Monday and leaving them short staffed. No one really checks on me so I know it will be awhile before I’m found and I feel bad for the person who does. Other than that though I just feel ready for whatever’s next. Even if it’s nothing.