A permanent solution for a permanent problemI posted this over at SuicideBereavement but it wasn't the right place to post. So here I am.

I'm thinking of taking my own life. I'm not going into a lot of detail, but I have a rare and progressive chronic illness that won't kill me, but puts me in plenty of physical pain and social isolation. It has no cure or effective treatment. I've been following research institutes and startup companies to see what they can do, but it looks like I have to wait at least 10 years, and that's being VERY optimistic.

A decade of waiting ... I'll see if I can wait but this illness is taking its toll on me in many ways. I might not last until the end of the year. Aside from the fact that it's debilitating, I also don't get enough support. Four out of six doctors (all specialists, for crying out loud) have never heard of my condition.

They say suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary problem. But my problem isn't temporary. So that doesn't really apply to me.

In my support group of around 1500 people (and not all are sufferers, some are loved ones who want to understand while some are medical professionals/researchers who want to learn more), several have already left of their own accord. Those who are still around often talk about wanting to go the same way. A woman from the group succeeded in getting assisted suicide approved for her, and we think she's lucky because she was able to go peacefully with her family by her side. But getting that approval took her three years, and she had to fight tooth and nail for it.

If only we sufferers could go that way. More dignified, and less messy in all ways.

The only real thing that's stopping me is the fact that I'll be leaving so much pain for my loved ones. But reading the posts here [on SuicideBereavement] gives me hope for them, because many here talk about time making things better, or at least, less awful. At least, that's something my loved ones can hold on to, unlike me. Time will not make things better for me. Time will make it worse.

I don't even know why I'm posting this here. Maybe to ask for your understanding not for me but for all of us poor souls who chose or will choose to leave the world on our own terms.
