2 more yearsI don't really know what I expect to get out of posting this here. This isn't a cry for help. I guess mostly this is to put my plan out there in the world. A way to be heard. Maybe it is a cry for help who knows. I don't anymore. In any case, like the title says, 2 more years till I end my life. Less if things go better than planned. I am going to pay off my car and help a few people before I go. I don't want to leave anything bad behind. After I pay off all my debts and kinda straighten out my life a bit I am going to walk outside and find a good beautiful spot to just sit for a while. Then, if I can get it, I am going to get a gun and end my life. If I can't get a gun then I am going to probably try pills. If the spot I find is high enough I will probably just jump. 

2 years. Why am I doing it? I just feel too much and remember too much and hurt too much. It seems like life is a net deficit. The longer I live the more it piles on. 

I was born in a pretty shitty country and even though I was more well off than most of my peers I don't think any of you reading this would want to live in the conditions I lived in. Roaches the size of your thumb, rats the size of cats, cats getting eaten by dogs, floods, a goddamn madman running the country, diseases, worms in your gut, ha one time a volcano even erupted. Hahaha. ha. The irony is this is probably the last time I felt genuinely happy. hahaha. I had a Grandmother who loved me. Sure I got into trouble but goddamn did she love me. I forgot to mention my parents had left me with them so they could find a job in America. They sent me back Betamax tapes. That's just to illustrate how truly backwater this place is. In any case my parents petitioned me and ever since I was 8 years old I have been living here. In your land. In your picturesque country. I really have to laugh sometimes when these young assholes talk about "anarchy". This country's not perfect but try living under martial law hahaha. fuck you. 

Anyways here I am living with my parents. Should be great right? Nah, emotional manipulation, beatings, humiliation, and death threats. 10 years old and watching your mother hold a knife to your brother's throat sure does make you grow up quick. Or fuck you up. 10 years old and I have already wanted to end it all. Lesson 1: Nobody is going to stick up for you

My first girlfriend was a girl I had known since I was 11. I had a huge crush on her and finally at 15 we become a couple. I was in love with her the whole time. We have problems though because fuck we are 15 and I was too intense and I loved her too much. She broke it off with me. Lesson 2: Don't love too deeply

After that I went through a string of relationships. Went to college. Didn't really have sex till I was out of college. for a long time I was directionless and just flat out miserable. After college I took a job in the city. Every morning I would ride the train to work. Sometimes I would look at the train tracks and I would imagine jumping in front of that train. I got a car. I drove to work. I met my second serious girlfriend. She was nuts. She was really hot. But goddamn was she nuts. Turns out, she still had a thing for my cousin, my cousin talked trash about me to her. He was one of the closest people to me. Lesson 3: Don't trust anybody. 

Finally. I met a girl. She was perfect. She was right for me. We moved in together. Shit was hard. Shit got rough. I loved her though and she said she loved me. I gave her a ring. She moved back to her mom's house so she could go back to school. We talked every day. I loved her so much. I forgot about lesson 2. She started changing. She talked to me less and less. It turns out she had gotten pregnant. She had an abortion without telling me. She broke up with me. I told her I was going to kill myself. I had a knife. I drank a lot. I was almost ready to do it. The cops came. I spent the day in the emergency room. We got back together. Shit was never the same. She sent naked pictures to other men. Slept in other peoples houses. Went on vacation with her "best friend". When I said I was going on vacation with my best friend she broke up with me. Also my Grandmother, the person I consider my mother, died a few weeks before. Hospital stay numero dos. Lesson whatever the hell number this is: Life is awful

I am on antidepressants now. My body is telling me I am happy. I catch myself smiling for no particular reason. My mind screams that it is all wrong. I don't think it is chemical. I just think life is awful. There is other stuff too. I was molested when I was around 5 or 6 by my neighbor. My parents. Man I could fill a book. In any case I have tried everything. I was with a smart girl. A crazy girl. A girl I thought I would be with forever. I have a good job. I have a nice car. I tried exercise. I have traveled the world. I have money to throw around. I have friends. Women think I am attractive. I should be at least a little happy. But ever since I can honestly remember, LIFE HAS BEEN AWFUL. So, in an effort to not make it more awful for others. 2 years. get my shit together. Then goodbye awful world. Goodbye shitty parents. Goodbye, awful cousin. Goodbye, girl I will love forever. Goodbye, new car with your new car smell. I will travel the world one last time and when I find the right spot. Blam. Goodbye. 