bye everybody no mining to live any more Hey all. I'm going to try to be as brief and honest as I can.

I'm 17, male from swedan. I wanted to work in IT my whole life. I did an IT course last year and really disliked it, now I hate the thought of IT/computer related things as a hobby, or as a job. I quit my job in retail half way through last year, I was only working casually for some money but I had come to really, really hate it. I hated the idea of working, and I had nothing in mind for a job. In fact, I couldn't even IMAGINE a job where I would want to get out of bed and go to work, and I still can't to this day.

I started taking 50mg zoloft 10 months ago for anxiety/depression. It didn't do much. I upped the dosage to 100mg and then to 150mg. This helped with anxiety, but I still had exactly the same feelings towards my future and committing suicide. I tried picking up new hobbies, finding new interests and doing new things. Nothing is interesting enough to make me want to live for it, and even if I could play video games all day as a life I wouldn't be able to do it.

I'm going to be done pretty soon. I currently have a tolerable life as my mum lets me live with her because I'm a student, and I have money to spend. My life is actually very great at the moment, yet I still want to commit suicide, because I'd rather feel nothing than feel negative (doesn't this seem obvious?) When school ends (in a few weeks) my mum will expect me to get a job or work towards uni. I am definitely not going to work, I'd rather die. I'm not going to go to uni with a student loan because I don't want to go through with it in the first place and I'm not going to force someone (the cosigner) to pay the loan back when I drop out or whatever.

So what are my options? Tolerate a life I hate or end my life. I think the answer is pretty obvious. I'm done with looking for things to improve my life, as I really doubt it's going to happen. I'm going to stop taking my zoloft cold turkey, which will make me feel awful and give me the courage to take my life.

I'm going to sleep now so I want respond in this thread for many hours. i'm going to take my life