I want to, but I can't.. Completely unfair..
Hi Reddit,

I've been depressed and suicidal for the past 2-3 years now. Everyday gets harder to get through and I always pray I never have to see tomorrow but, I end up waking up every morning and have to face life again.

I've been through counselling and therapy, tried to reconnect with old friends, tried out old things I used to love doing as well as tried to get involved in new things, and tried to make new friends just to keep things fresh. I've now got to the point where I don't think I can hold on for much longer. I have tried everything I can to stay alive and now I don't even want to bother trying any more.. It's getting too painful. Every time I've had a suicidal thought cross my mind, I've always thought of one thing, and that has always made me stop in my tracks and live for another day. My family.

There is only 3 of us in the family after my father decided to selfishly leave. Since then I've had to act as the father figure/head of the family to my mother and my younger brother. I have lost out on so much growing up because I've had to take on this responsibility a lot earlier than I should have to. I am financially supporting my family and without it, their whole life would sink. This is the only reason I've kept myself alive all these years. If I decided to go ahead with suicide, who would take care of my family? Where would the financial help come from? I've looked at life insurance policies that state a payout for suicide cannot be made if it occurs within the first/second year: a length of time I cannot wait for.

I find it totally unfair that I cannot die in peace and will have to take the guilt of my family being stuck in financial trouble after I go and there is no where they can turn to for help, or a payout that would fill in for me. It used to motivate me before and hold me back from suicide but now I can't see myself getting through the week.

Does anyone know of any schemes or policies that will take care of your family financially after you go? Please do reply and let me know. I will greatly appreciate it.

Thank you for reading.

