What to do when you believe a loved one has attempted suicide, but won't admit it? How can I help them?My father recently informed me that he had to take my mother to the Emergency Room after she "accidentally" overdosed on Ambien, saying she hadn't slept in days. This came two days after my dad returned from visiting me/family (9 hours from where they live) for a weekend. While he was away, my sister told me mom confided in her that she was crying every day he was gone and was extremely depressed. In the past, my mother has "joked" about committing suicide on multiple occasions. Particularly suicide by way of overdose. I think this was only a half-assed attempt, in that she waited until dad came home to act as a safety net. If there's a next time, I don't think she'll half-ass it.

My mom has been in poor health for years, and is in constant physical and mental pain. She has always felt she's a burden on us, no matter how many times we tell her she's anything but. As someone who has also struggled with depression and thoughts of suicide, I can understand how she feels and for many of the same reasons. Yet I don't know how to help her.

My sister and I fully believe this was intentional, but my dad insists it was an accident. He said he didn't tell us until recently (it happened a month ago) because mom was embarrassed about it. We tried telling him we strongly believe it to be a suicide attempt, but he seems rooted in denial. They both want to sweep it under the rug, and he made it clear he didn't want the news made public. Which means I can't go to anyone I know for help or to provide her with support. Not even her GP, who has been our family doctor for 25+ years and is a family friend. I keep wanting to text her, but I'm afraid it will make things worse if mom or dad finds out I did.

My SO and I are driving up to spend the weekend with them, tomorrow, and I don't know how to talk to either of them. I don't want to lose my mother. I've been researching on things to say and what not to say, but I can't find anything that applies in a case like this where there is no open admission of a suicide attempt.

How can I convince my dad to take this seriously? He's uber religious and I can't help but feel like he's going to trivialize it into something that can be "prayed away". She's not as devout as he is and I think that makes her feel guilty, or like less of a good person. If he goes down the religion route, I think it's going to make matters worse.

What can I say to my mother to help her? It's not like I can accuse her of the attempt, but I don't know how to dance around it, either. I'm a terribly blunt person who sees things in black and white. I'm scared of saying something that will make things worse, even after reading all the guides/resources on how to handle it. 

Sorry for all the scattered questions. Not even sure this is the best place to ask them, but I'm at such a loss. I can't stop crying over this, and it's been a week since my dad dropped the bomb on me. How can I help her if I can't even keep myself together?