I dont know if I can stay with my suicidal girlfriend ...throw away for obvious reasons.

AMITA deleted my post, I need help ...

Hello reddit, I am not a native english speaker  and really, really exhausted. I do apologize for the bad english in advance.

&amp;#x200B;

Here we go: I met my girlfriend about 9 years ago in an online chat room. We became best friends. She had very depressive/suicidal thoughts  and did minor self harms. We finally met for the first time in real life. It was  perfect. We fell in love and I was sure that love and care could fix all her problems ... it was not enough.

 It was a long distance relationship, mother does not really care for her, father has a lot of temper and her grandmother hit her a lot as a child. We had up and downs. 

&amp;#x200B;

Her depression did not get better and it started to get to me. Every single time I left the house something would happen. She felt lonley, had an argument with her mother, asked at what time I would be coming back to call her. Eventually I stopped going to partys or D&amp;D sessions.

I wanted to talk with her, tell her how I feel. She had a complete break down. She started so scratch her arms hard, I got scared and forced my hands between her fingernails and arms to prevent the worst damage. I gave up that night but eventually came back to it weeks later. I told her how much I love her, how I wanted to help her but was feeling burnt out. I told her that I wanted her to see a psychologist because I love her, want her to feel happy and dont want this relationship to end. I offered to help her find one, help her to make appointments. But she only said that it was to late, no one could help her and that I was an asshole, that I was telling her she was "insane".

It broke my heart. If her depressive episodes got really bad she often said things that implied she was going to commit suicide some day in the far future. I tried to cheer her up, comfort her and it went away. One time I actually begged her on my knees, crying, to get help. I begged her to see a professional. She said no. and .... I kinda ... gave up ?

Eventually I started doing things for myself again. I went to friends houses, played a bit of D&amp;D again. Everytime I did so she was super sad or we even had a fight afterwards. She told me so many times that I am the ONLY things that helps her sleep, the ONLY way to stop her fears etc. I should have stayed at home sometimes, helped like I used to do. But I decided to leave her alone. In the end she even threatened me after arguments that if she one day would kill herself , it would be my fault. I did stupid things, maybe even said hurtful things to her ... but that croseed a line for me and she crossed it multiple times.

So much more happend, much more than I could ever right down.

&amp;#x200B;

I can´t do this anymore. I am ... just so tired. I don´t think I love her like I used to. I want to stay her friend, I wan´t to help her but I don´t think that I can stay her boyfriend for much longer. I hate myself for thinking about asking out another girl in my univerty ...