Can't convince myself that I shouldn't go buy a gun next weekYou know, Im honestly amazed at how quickly my average days can turn into shit ones. Today, it honestly took about 2 hours from the time of me waking up to the time where I wanted to make a noose in my closet. And it's my day off from work too. That's the best part, my brain loves to hit me where it hurts. It knows where all the weakest points are.

I'll be honest though, online dating will absolutely be the reason I fucking put a bullet through my cranium. Hell my depression and online dating are one in the same. They both let me know Im ugly, undesirable, boring, a waste of space and time, and a cyst on society's face. It's made even worse that today I finally got a match on this one dating app. Poor girl doesn't realize the sad fucker she just matched with. And you know, that part gets really old too. A match used to be "Yay, a new person to talk to" and now it's "Alright, let's see how badly this is gonna fucking sting". It just really exhausting beating myself up all the time.

Well if you made it through that, pat yourself on the back. Luckily, I live in the States and getting a handgun is pretty simple. Honestly, all I need to do to get a gun is pass some basic tests and then drop a couple hundred dollars. I mean, life honestly at this point feels like Im addicted to gambling and I've lost basically everything, but in my mind I tell myself that if I play one more hand/game that I can win everything back. But the odds are so stacked against me and who's to say Im gonna make it all the way back? Im boring, stupid, lame, scrawny, ugly, interesting as paint drying and all Im doing everyday is wasting the Earth's oxygen. Course though that second paragraph makes me sound like an incel, I mean, Im not because I know everything is my fault, it always is. I blame myself for my problems and I shoulder the blame for others so they don't have to. Fuck me for being selfless I guess haha. 

Also, I see my therapist in a week and half, but I'll be honest, I don't think Im gonna make it. I really feel like Im gonna run out of luck before then. And even when I go to her, Im never in a bad mood so it's hard for me to be honest. Also, in my mind if even mention the word suicide, she'll drop everything and have the cops come throw me in the psych ward. Although honestly, I'd actually prefer that because then it would really drive home the point that Im a broken, worthless, piece of shit person. 

Anyways, Im probably just gonna spend the day touching up my suicide note today. Probably the only thing I can do right but Im sure I'll find a way to fuck that up too.