It's like the world I'm trapped inside is the one my mind knows would slowly destroy meI'm either in hell, Or the prison of my own mind. I wouldn't consider myself a saint but i'm not a bad person either, I feel as if this wouldn't, No couldn't happen to a good person.

It's like the voltage on the power meter just keeps getting cranked up a bit more, More voltage just brings more insanity. This world can't be real, Because this just doesn't feel plausible. Of course like many others this is over love, But not just a fling or something over just a few months. I'm talking about the kind of true love that when you've had it, and lose it, Brings you to complete and udder insanity. No relationship is perfect and some are better then others but time and effort can turn something that has it's issues into something that's beautiful. 

My sleep schedule is so far out of wack it's ridiculous, I'm always up which probably doesn't help. And waking up to dreams of her and I still together, Still being able to wake up and look at her smile just makes it worse. I was the kind of person that before I entered the darkness we call depression would have thought it was something that someone can just choose to walk out of, Something that with enough will power you can just move past it. What I didn't realize until it over-came me, Or actually became me, Is that you lose everything. Willpower, Energy, Motivation, Determination, Drive, Happiness. Everything. It just vanishes, And not all at once, Slowly you start to lose all of it and you ache to feel anything other then angry or sadness.

Funny thing about happiness, Let's say about 2-3 months back my ex needed my help with something, We weren't really on the best of terms but I figured I'd try and be civil. Little context is that it's about 12:30 at night, And her motorcycle had been stolen the week before. She wanted to go on the hunt to try and find it. So fast forward we did all of that, Didn't find much.

I'm at home getting ready to go to bed when she calls, She wants me to come over. More context is that when she calls me over that means we're going to end up having sex, Which is great because USUALLY that means a serious talk follows afterwards, Work something out so we can move forwards and be a happy functional couple again. That didn't happen, After we had finished, And even during, I felt happiness again. Not because I was getting my dick wet, But because I was with the only person I wanted to be with in the entire world. I felt happy again, For about 30 seconds. 30 seconds I had happiness dangled infront of my face like crack to a crack addict. 

After it finally hit me that, In reality the reason that happened was to prove to herself she was done with me, I had been used. I sat there like an IDIOT with a smile on my face until I went to try and cuddle her and talk, Which was met with the face of "What do you think your doing". It hit me like a Mac truck. I had never felt such a physical pain caused by emotions before. I had actually went to my local Wal-Mart to try and buy a 12 gauge and some slugs. Fuck it right, Everything else is going to shit and had been shit, I had gotten a singular glimpse of a ray of sunshine that might have made everything better. With her by myself I could pick everything back up and rebuild it. Nope. Just kidding, You don't get to be happy. 

Anyways, I walk into the Wal-Mart and I had just gotten my tax return so I had enough for a basic shotgun, Doesn't have to work but just once right?? Well not only with it being almost 1:30-2 at this point but my eyes are red from sobbing in the parking lot and the drive over. I just wanted it to stop, Doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure the kid who's eyes are red and looks like he's been crying and trying to buy a shotgun is going to do something stupid. They refused the sale, Or to even pull it out of the case at that. I'm a coward so I can't jump off of a building or take something that I know is going to take time to kill me like an O.D.
Shotgun seemed like the best way to go.

I went back to my house and cried myself to sleep, Next day my head is back on a more or less even setting. 

But as of lately the nights are longer, The break downs are more frequent and common. I'm alone alot of the time due to me isolating myself. 

It's not a case of "Will he kill himself" its when. The one thing I had left in my life that I had spent so much time with and learning every single thing about, The person who was always there for me and made me feel better, Is gone. I could rebuild with her, Without her it feels like it would be like building a nuke with cardboard. 

The icing on the flaming cake is that we we're perfect together, We just both kind of fucked up too much. We we're absolutely perfect. And to top off that icing is she was probably the most gorgeous thing I've ever laid eyes on in my 21 years. You know the kind of girls who just look amazing in anything, With and without make up? That was her. 

That's about 2/3's of whats brought me here. The other 1/3 is just a combination of unfortunate shit that happened, Which I easily dealt with, I didn't have to wear a facade because it was things I could tell myself were out of my control and I could fix so theirs no point in beating myself up over. But the majority of that cookie, The 2/3's just tortures me on a daily basis. 

It actually makes me feel like a crazy person, And I probably am but I blame that on my circumstances on growing up, Which were also out of my control. But seriously, There's nothing more annoying then feelings like a crazy person who's depressed, And then just a person whos depressed. I've been in this dark black hole for a while so my facade is pretty convincing at this point, and I can deal with it. But feeling like a nutcase just makes me crack. I see her out and I morph into this super psycho, Internally anyways. I'm not going out on killing sprees or anything. Also doesn't help that we live in a small tourist trap so bumping into one another isn't uncommon. Unfortunately. 

The other thing that makes me feel like a complete crazy person is how shes completely un-phased by it. 5 almost 6 years and is just fine, Meanwhile I'm here losing my absolute mind.
HOW IS THAT POSSIBLE?! DID I MISS A MEMO OR SOMETHING!? How do you just shift from a long term relationship to single like your just changing fucking planes at an airport. Am I crazy for still being stuck??? I honestly don't know anymore.

I've been told that it's because I was vesting more into it then she was, But that wasn't the case. We were both in it. Or maybe that's what I saw and it could be a different situation altogether. Who knows.

I'll probably save this URL on my desktop with the title of "Read me" for my family when it happens. I happen to also own a very fast motorcycle in the small little tourist trap where NO ONE knows how to drive, So I'm banking on getting killed on that. I ride very fast hoping it happens. But it has to be a situation I can't avoid, Because if it is my rider senses kick in and I avoid it out of habit. Or theirs always the option of running into a wall at 175 miles an hour. Pretty sure that'd kill me on impact. Either way, When I wake up and this just a giant simulator to see how long people can last, I'll be sure to knock as many teeth out as I can for all the people who are trapped in the same black hole I am. If any of this is even real at this point. 

I love you all, And I hope the best for all of you.