I’m really fucked upSo when I was young my mom never really got out of bed. The only vivid memories I have were her manic episodes. She has pretty bad bipolar episodes so most of the time she was really depressed. The few times she became manic I either went to live with my grandma or got sent to foster care. I hadn’t talked to my dad ever until recently. She had a boyfriend once that I remember bonding with a lot but then he left.

Well now I’m going on 23 and still live at home. I used to have a really good online friend group and a handful of irl friends, but I got into my own huge depressive episode. I didn’t talk to anybody for almost 3 years and when I started to it became really hard to hold conversations. I was sort of the group joke and they’d call me a robot, stiff, ect.

Well my mom has another really bad manic episode recently and she ends up calling my old best friend I hadn’t talked to in a year or two. She goes to pick up weed from him I guess and then he forced her to suck his dick... 

When she said she sucked his dick she made it seem like she did it on purpose and was laughing. I really didn’t know how to react. I basically told her to get out of the car because the place I was driving her too was close and I just felt like I had to react somehow. When she didn’t get out of the car I threw one of her bags out of the car... Then she started pushing me and it was just really messed up that we were fighting and I just waited till she got out of the car.

She keeps being extremely passive aggressive and blasting rap music with all the windows open because she’s manic. One night it got extremely heated and I pushed this broken vacuum cleaner we got at goodwill down the stairs. I’ve yelled at her, said horrible things, and writing this makes me feel awful.

During my super long depression I’ve talked to her openly about suicide. We’ve had suicide in our family and I’m sure she was extremely worried that whole time. My uncle knows most of this but hasn’t responded negatively like I’m the bad guy, but I feel like I’m the one who caused a large amount of this and really needs to change. 

I have horrible social skills but have held 4 - 5 jobs. I don’t have a job right now and can’t keep a single friend. My mom and friends usually make fun of how I’m a man child. And I don’t think I’ve held a conversation with my online friends for about 2 weeks.

I really freaked my mom out with some things I’ve said and I feel like she just doesn’t want me in her life anymore. I don’t know what I need to do. I’ve also gained about 50 pounds.