i want to die but don't want to leave my friends grievingI've always had problems with happiness. I'm 16 now and I can't remember being properly happy since before my parents were divorced which happened when i was 7. I moved city and went to a new school and got bullied and everything was shit and i was always sad. Finally I switched to a school environment i was happy in when i was 12 but as soon as i became happy and a more normal person my home life went to shit. My mum and stepdad were getting fucking smashed far too much and only recently now i get that shit more i realised they were doing coke. Next 2 year were probably the best i had since i was very young, hadn't been too shit at home and my school was going well. When i was 15 in about the space of 6 months my stepad assaulted me twice, the police were involved the second time as i hit him to stop it and called the police but i decided not to press any charge. After that  my mental state spiralled downwards and my home life got much worse. That happened about 18 months ago and immidiately after i went through a period of very low thoughts, feeling unsafe in my own home and as if my mum backed him over me. I got better over last summer as I wasn't worried about school and I was out with my friends all day and happy, however over the last 5 or 6 months its been worse than ever and all i can think about is killing myself. My bad home relationships have been making me feel unwanted and although i have lots of close friends i feel too much of a burden on the ones i trust to talk to, and the ones i dont trust enough i am too scared they will think i am crazy if i tell them how i feel. I don't know if i ever will kill myself cause I love my friends too much to do that to them, but I hate living and don't know how to carry on. My schoolwork is suffering cause i sit all night doing nothing ever since i've had these feelings and i've been experimenting with drugs more recently and am scared the advances on them will never stop. What can I do
