I've put on a false identity to appear okay for so long that my family doesn't believe me when I finally tell the truth.My mother denies I ever had self harmed as a kid because she didn't personally notice. She thinks I'm lying when I say that I did. I told her I struggle with suicidal thoughts and she basically responded with acting like it's not true because I'm not unstable seeming, and implied if I am then it's her fault because she "fucked up as a parent." 

She criticises me for getting therapy and getting diagnosed saying that by getting diagnosed I'm making my whole identity about being a victim and that by getting therapy I'm privileged and weak because she grew up learning to "suck it up."

Basically every conversation ends with me being invalidated and guilt tripped. I'm a liar and attention whore and want to make myself a victim. I'm terrified to speak about my struggles directly but because I put #depression in some of my instagram posts I'm publicizing my issues and making myself all about mental illness for pity or something. 

It doesn't matter if the reason I sought diagnosis was to try to figure out what is wrong so I can help myself, I'm just "focusing on the negative." I'm not strong for trying to help improve myself, I'm weak because I can't just get over it. 

She lamented over "why did [I] inherit [my] father's sickness (he committed suicide) and not [her] strength." Told me she was a failure of a parent, which honestly felt like that was just a backhanded way of calling me a failure and a screw up. 

I just wanted to be honest. I want to be taken seriously. I'm tired of my fucking reality not being understood or tolerated because she "doesn't like drama" and to her I'm being dramatic. 

If I dare try to say I feel like she's invalidating me she get's angry that I'm using an "sjw" talking point (she says something along the lines of "your people" and basically implying a kind of over sensitive sjw group). The same goes for if I ever bring up the word consent or *anything* about *any* label (gender, race, lgbt, anything in a spectrum, and of course diagnosis and mental illnesses). I'm not allowed to say the phrase "gender dysphoria" in my house without her treating it as if the language is personally attacking and censoring her out of date, backwards ass opinions. 

When I was younger I was bullied for a long time. The bullying included physical assault, sexual assault, emotional abuse, ostracization, and gaslighting. It was traumatic for me. But I can't call it that because her childhood was worse, so all my PTSD related issues are invalid over it only being "a little bit of bullying."

Because I was never raped I am sheltered. Afterwards she sometimes disclaims "of course that's good you haven't been" but more often she uses me being "sheltered" as another way to call me weak. And then turn it around and say it's her fault she was just trying to protect me but she failed as a parent because I'm sheltered.  

Just what the fuck. What the fuck what the fuck. 

I'm trying my fucking best. I just want to be honest. This is just another step in the fucking cycle. She invalidates me so I hide what I'm going through, and because I hide what I'm going through from her I'm obviously just making it all up. 

Fuck you mom. Reaching out isn't me whining, and I'm tired of being treated like a failure, liar, and attention seeker for struggling. I'm sorry if I'm not your definition of strength but I am trying my fucking best to understand what's wrong with me just so I can deal with it and live as best I can. 

And then in trying to force me to show you self harm scars on my thighs to prove I'm not doing it for attention? What is fucking wrong with you? 

I'm fucking isolated. This is why I can't reach out. This is why I constantly pretend I'm okay. Because it's not allowed to be anything else. I wonder sometimes why I'm terrified to reach out for help and every now and again I realize it's because I grew up being told all this and treated like scum for having a hard time ever. 

I'm so fucking suicidal and I can't even talk about what I've been through and going through with my own fucking family. Because it's too much "drama." I'm so scared that others will react the same way so it's incredibly difficult to reach out. 

I'm constantly fucking ashamed.