Even one of the best therapists in the area couldn't help meI know, I know, I have to help myself.

I don't know how. I don't know what to do.

I can't handle the normal easy, everyday stuff. It overwhelms me to the point of just wanting to take a handful of pills to go to sleep for a long time.

I was with this therapist off and and for 6 years. He started as my caseworker. He came to my house, he gave me rides to appointments, he visited me in the hospital when I had a severe infection. He has been there for me, a lot.

This therapist is well known for working with personality disorders, which is what I have. He ran a dbt group for a long time. 

I had a mental breakdown a couple years ago and finally started seeing him on a regular basis for therapy. Only it just seemed to make things worse. 

After a year and a half he gets me to agree to see another therapist in the same office,  then she tells me it wouldn't be a good idea to go back to see him in the office anymore.

He tells me that he just isn't as skills based anymore and that he focuses more on exploratory. And that I don't have the skills for that. Why wouldn't he just teach me skills? 

What's wrong with me that I can't handle the normal daily easy shit in my easy life? Why do I want to escape so bad?

I failed. I don't think I'm ever going to be normal. I feel no connection with anyone. I am empty, soulless. Cruel to my family and other people. Rude. Selfish. Unwilling to change.

I started dbt therapy with an individual therapist and will start the group at the end of June. But since I'm only able to do it because we met our insurance deductible ($6000 out of pocket) which means I won't get to complete the program. At the start of next year deductible starts over and they want $110 of pretty individual and $55 for each group, once a week. No copy, just responsible for 100% until we meet $6000.

Why bother? I spent a year and a half with a truly brilliant, talented one of the best therapists and only wanted to kill myself more. What is 1/3 of a dbt program going to do for me? 

I want to end it. I want to kill a part of myself.

I told this therapist about stuff I've never told anyone. I acted like such a fool in front of him. Over and over again. I am forever confused about my childhood and this therapy with him and now I have no one to help me figure it out. 

It hurts to think about him but when I am upset and cutting and hitting myself, he is the only one that helps.

I don't know what to do. I want that part of me gone.