Feedback needed. Has anyone been to a hospital?Hi, 

I’ve never talked to anyone that deals with si and don’t have anyone to relate to about this outside the internet. I wanted to know if anyone here has been to the hospital for not being able to stop thinking/wanting to end your life and at what point of severity did those thoughts bring you to action and get you to go there. 

I am about to graduate college and had a job offer from my internship that was retracted due to the economic situation, I get to stay on part time which is better than nothing considering what’s going on. I am also a veteran, I did 6 years active duty and switched to the national guard while I finishing school. I have struggled with depression since 2014 and it has gotten significantly worse in the last 3 years. Getting help, as you’re instructed to do in the military, lead to me being medically separated from the national guard. I was good at being in the military, did my job well, got promoted quickly and never got into any major issues. At the time I didn’t realize how much of my identity was removed by that separation.

I am on Wellbutrin currently and it’s working as far as getting me moving and able to focus but suicide is becoming almost all I think about. To the point it is impairing my ability to function socially and at work. I don’t know if everything being over zoom is helping or hurting his situation. I also am starting to feel like nothing brings me any sort of joy or even satisfaction, and it’s impacting my relationship with my girlfriend heavily. I constantly feel like I want her to leave or I need to breakup and there’s no reason to feel like this. I am also getting nothing out of my hobbies or anything I liked to do. I don’t have any appetite anymore at all, I eat one meal a day, if that, and often find myself forcing a meal and having to remind myself to eat. 

I am worried that I am starting to lose my grip on things and something is very wrong. My memory is getting what I would describe as loose. I don’t know what do to. I don’t want to slip and make a mistake that will hurt my family or my friends. I just can’t find any sort of peace in anything anymore and don’t really have the drive to keep going. Has anyone experienced anything like this and would like to give some insight, as well as been through a voluntary hospitalization and has any insight there as well?

I would ask other veterans but most I’ve talked too want to turn it into a who had it worst contest or a between services comparison. I’m not trying to say anything like that and just want honest insight. I’ve never told my family about this and don’t know how. My girlfriend knows but I don’t want to talk to her about it because it really makes her upset. 

Thank you anyone who was willing to read through this and share their experience.