I am lost and have no where left to turn.Let me start off by saying that I have built a pretty good life for myself over the last year regardless of the hurdles I've had to jump and how many times I've been forced to start over with nothing. I've lost everything multiple times in the last 12 years. Now, I have a small business and I love my work, I'm only 32 years old and I'm rather handsome(or so I've been told), strong and physically capable as well.  To go along with those attributes, I'm smart. I have always been resourceful and very handy with tools. I am so lucky to have such good health.

The problem is that I am an innocent registered sex offender, convicted at the age of 18 because I was scared and took a plea bargain for something I didn't do. Now, every 1-3 years I am forced to move and start over somewhere else. If I mess up any aspect of my registration I will be put in prison for 5 years in my state(most have a similar law). As you can imagine this is extremely stressful. Even if I were guilty of the crime from 14 years ago this would still be an absolute nightmare. 

Prison is not where I belong but the laws keep getting tougher every year and I feel like it's only a matter of time before I get knocked down again and they find a reason to arrest me. Once again, I'm not doing anything wrong. I am only working for myself(which they would call being non-compliant and put me in jail for) One day they will catch on and it will be all over.

The bottom line is that I don't want to live like this anymore. This is something that will never go away and it will only get worse as time goes on. I feel like death is the only way out. I have no family but I do have a few friends and all of my clients will miss my work but I'm sure they can find a new person. Everyone will move on just fine.

What else am i supposed to do? Sure I can hang on, work and do my best like I always have but for how long? The typical "your life is worth it" junk won't work in this case. I don't want to hear it. What I need is an actual solution.

Thanks so much r/suicidewatch for your time. I don't want to die. There are a lot things I still want to do. Hopefully you can help. By the way, there some details about my case in my comment history from a few years ago.
