Traumatic impact of fighting parents and feelings of incapability. I want to kill myself, but I don't have the courage to.I don't know what do, and am writing this as means to vent out as I lie on the bed with tears flowing down my face. Feels like there is a boulder on my heart pushing it's complete weight down and trying to crush it.

I am 22, and am an only child in my final year of college, living with my parents. Today, I spent a considerable amount of time overhearing my father beating my mother who cried and squealed, and the conversations in between and after which were just too dreadful to hear. It ranged from wanting to call the neighbours to intervene, to having to force themselves to be happy for me who is their only child else they would have divorced each other (which felt as painful as a sharp knife cutting a vein, the feeling that I am the reason my parents are living the worst of their lives. I hate being a burden to my parents). There was even a mention that they would kill themselves right here and now if it wasn't for my presence. I feel terrible just existing and making my parents indirectly feel like this. 

My parents have fought often throughout my life, but overhearing so much of stuff like this has completely left me in tatters and was making me shiver throughout. Ever since a young age, I have been asked to stay away or close the door and not hear or try to intervene for my own good. However, I did hear them fight always(they are not very good at concealing it) and have gotten used to not stepping in much. But in recent times, it has been a lot more intense, a lot more disturbing overhearing it, but I can't seem to shut myself off it because my parents fighting affects me a lot and freezes me to function normally or ignore it. But since a young age, I have been conditioned not to step in, so I don't know what to do.

I am not very close to my parents like normal families. We don't go on vacations or share our emotions a lot, but I do love them dearly to not make them want to ever feel burdened or upset because of me, and always make them proud. But I feel I still am not talented or capable enough to be super successful and do that. I'm working and studying hard, but I wish I could make my parents more happy because they deserve it. I feel absolutely horrible and on the verge of killing myself knowing that they live such suffocated, forceful, restrained and frustrating lives simply because of me, and I haven't been able to give them enough.

And whenever these fights happen, I am reminded of my wimpy and incapable self as I freeze and feel completely helpless as my parents fight, physically abuse, feel tortured and say the most revolting things to each other. I feel affected, and I don't know what to do. I feel too incapable to intervene , or to do anything about. I want to kill myself because I feel I am just a burden to them and they would have easier, better lives without me in it, but I feel incapable doing that too, fearing the absolute worst they might do to each other with the anger and guilt.

I don't know how to feel and what to do. I don't know anything.