I really don't know what else to do.My entire family hates me and tells me I'm selfish. My mom is kicking me out of the house in a month if I don't find a job. 

I tried to help by doing my part the best I can but everyday is a constant battle with them because often they are unhappy with what I do. 

I don't believe in god and I can't tell my family, a common issue, and it isn't the worst thing. But it still hurts I can't be open about who I am.

My dad works several hours a day and my mom stays at home doing hardly anything all day. It has been like that for a long time. She used to be a hoarder which had a big impact on my childhood...not being able to have a safe, clean home to live in really sucked, Especially since whenever I tried to clean she would yell at me for throwing away, "perfectly good" items (moldy shirts and what not).

My brothers and Sister don't get angry at our mom. They don't see that our childhood should have been much safer and our mom should have been more responsible. I feel as though they are manipulated by her or afraid of her.

I still don't have my GED and I am almost 19. My parents home-schooled us but just kind of stopped caring after a while.

When I was sixteen I would cut myself and I asked my parents if I could get therapy or counseling for it. My mother told me no because, "If an employer sees you had therapy they won't hire you."

My cousin was in an abusive relationship and I told her everyday that she deserved better. She would tell me off and say how she was in love with her abusive boyfriend and that I didn't understand. She is out of that relationship now and I am happy for her, But it still hurts that she never thanked me or her other two good friends for staying by her side, when a lot of her friends abandoned her.

I really have no idea what their or my mental state is but there is something wrong with either them, me, or all of us. There is something wrong and I don't know how to fix it. 

I don't want to be the problem child anymore but I also don't want to give in to my moms whim and play along as if it's ok to live in filth and chaos. I have no Idea what to do anymore because I have no access to any kind of professional counseling for me or my family.  

I do have one last small glimmer of hope. My boyfriend wants me to find a job in the next town over and move in with him. If I did my situation would be a lot better. However it would be really difficult to do this as I have five dollars to my name and no car, no phone, no job, and no education.

If I killed myself now, I won't have to worry about my family problems or finding a job or achieving my dreams or anything. I will be asleep. At rest. I won't have to worry anymore. I just want to shut off. I want to stop, to be stopped. Anything.

 


