I don't know how much of this I can take...Hey guys... I'm a (19M) and in the middle of college right now, and life is just getting awfully unbearable recently. I was struggling pretty hard at school even before online classes came, and it was so much more of an uphill battle... However, I was vigilant and was starting to get better grades and all; I even became more active in my friend's study group and studied harder than ever. Then, as I finished up finals, I got the announcement from my school admin that I've been accused of cheating... and I'm not going into detail into this chat, but long story short, I didn't do it. However, it's not smooth-sailing for me as my school is currently on the headlines for cheating during this past semester's finals, and my school only cares about its reputation and not as much so as for its students. My school's student integrity office has also been known apparently for being very unjust in handling these cases and not even following their own set procedures if it means they can convict the student in-question. This has hit me so hard... this school costs quite a bit for me (scholarships and finaid have been my lifeline), but I'm at-risk for losing them if I lose this. I recently decided to hire a lawyer (which costs $3500), and in doing so, basically draining all the financial aid that was given due to this pandemic. I've been doing summer classes as well and this whole financial/academic burden is killing me inside. I am a compsci major/aerospace eng. minor at my school and have so many dreams, but the combination of this pandemic/financial strain/this case has been crushing me inside. I've never dealt with something like this before, and I tried going to my best friends, but the only one who truly cares for me is even more swamped than me in summer classes. I haven't considered suicide for a really long time. Last time was in Fall 2008 - Spring 2009 (age 8) when, due to my autism disability, two bullies choked me on the playground almost to death, and when I tried to escape their grasp, the teachers accused me of fighting and everyone in my life (even my parents) seem to believe that and thought it was me "overreacting" to rough play. These bullies bullied me in months prior and that incident was the climax, and I wanted to end it all... no one really supported me through and I really don't know how I pulled through (I guess I was too scared to do it then), but I somehow managed to continue on, never really thinking the effect it had on me. I never confessed to someone about my thoughts of suicide then until last Fall, when I told my best friend who's also been encouraging me the best she could. I never thought I'd think these thoughts again, and my friend really encourages me to go to my school's mental health counselling. However, my current school's counselling has apparently been notorious for not being caring about students either. I feel this is all a repeat of what happened to me 11 years ago except instead of two bullies choking my body, it's a powerful, reputable institution that is choking out my dreams, my future, my sanity, and my humanity. Like I don't know if my feelings are even valid... There's a huge chance already that I might have to abandon my college dreams for good as my dad's job is at-risk. I really don't want to do it, but with all of this constant misfortune in my life, it feels so tempting. I can't even be \*remotely\* close to reaching my dreams, almost none of my friends care about me, it seems I'll never ever have a caring partner in life... I just feel I'm here to survive and exist now. Like I don't want to do it, but I feel so few would care even if I decided to end it. I love my bff's so much, but I feel so often in these last several weeks as if I'm yelling to the void. Life just sucks... I feel now like I'm only a burden to the people around me and just society in general. (I don't know if any of what I said makes sense... it could be completely invalid... I dunno' anymore :'( ...)