WIBTA/ If I killed myself?I couldnt put this on the AITA sub?because I dont feel like it fits. I am (17F) Im attractive, athletic looking and naturally intelligent with a good personality ...or so Im told. See, The beginning of my life was chaos even if it didnt involve me. An Emotionally broken home and to what I later on discovered ;  a broken mind. Recently (within the past 6 months or so, My therapist has been attempting to diagnose me with some sort of Emotional disorder. Either Bipolar or borderline personality, okay. kind of expected. I struggle alot with blowing up emotionally, not feeling remorse until right after the blow ups, sense of entitlement, and horrible suicidal thoughts and mood swings. The way I interpret life is not normal. Kind of like,everyone is out to get me. Ive ruined relationships time and time again. Now, although living under the same roof, my family barely speaks to me. My mother says shes afraid of my outbursts (Ive never physically hurt her but understandable) but shes a big reason why Im insecure about myself. Her encouragement comes in condescension.&amp; my sister ... is fine, but really doesnt want much of a connect with me until I "change". Throughout my life, Ive been assaulted time and time again (sexually and physically) by the cruel people Ive grown up with. Then emotionally by the mothers of the boys who thought I wasnt good enough for their sons. Ive been a 2 1/2 month relationship, and he's a dream to me. His mother was one of those mothers in the beginning til she saw another side of me. Recently, I had to have a "birth termination" and she had to help me through it. Since then our relationship has been more distant and she kind of went back to the way she treated me before. She says she sensed entitlement from me and believes Im putting on an "Act". Imposter syndrome is something I suffer from &amp; I believe Ive manipulated everyone I have in my life to like me. I dont know why but...If no one else likes me and everyone says Im a bad person, I must be..right? Either way, Im confused all the time, suicidal. I dont know who I am. And quite frankly, I dont want to know. I dont want to figure it out. I just want it to end. The problem is, everyone claims they care and theyd be heartbroken if I tried anything, I know my SO would be, and my family of course;but Its just because  theyre my family.But I know eventually everyone would move on and it would just be life. Just without me. I dont know if Im looking for someone to convince me to give up. It seems like thats what I want. But Im not sure. So reddit, WIBTA if I finally (successfully) commites suicide. I just want the thoughts to stop, I feel like im rotting from the inside out.