I can't help but to think of suicide. I'm 14 about to be 15 next month. I know kind of young for suicidal thoughts but I have seriously been thinking about killing myself since I was 8. I have 2 friends one which I'm in love with and the other one who I can't talk about anything with because we're "bros". I had a girlfriend of 2 months who broke up with me because I decided to share with her that I feel depressed all the time. I know it might sound shallow but I really only went out with her as a kind of confidence booster because she was the first girl who said she liked me since I was in 6th grade. It did make me feel bad to know that she broke up with me for that reason but I dont like her like I like my friend Victoria. I Also quit football this morning and when school starts in a few days I can guarantee that a lot of the older guys are gonna "bully" (i honestly dont like using that term) me now and I'm scared to tell my older brother who lives for football and is coming by tomorrow because last time I told him I wasn't going
To play football he called me names and hit me. My parents are divorced and have been since I was 9. But I finally got the courage to quit talking to my mother completely because she is not a good mother and she was never a good mother and I realized that when I was 5. The only reason I don't do the same with my dad is because I would have no where to go. My dad is ashamed of me because I'm not what he would want for a son, an antisocial loser. He looks down on me because I still like Pokemon, I love to read comics and anything related to marvel, and I play magic the gathering. He also got really mad at me when he asked my opinion on gay rights and I told him its there choice not mine that I don't care. And that made him mad and disapprove even more of me. My step brother and sister are 6 year old twins and they make fun of me. You would think that's them just being 6 year olds but they do it entirely to often "Connor your ugly" "Connor your stupid" "connor your adopted" I kid you not they call me adopted. No one ever wants me around except to have a common goal to make fun of someone. My dad says since I'm not playing football anyone I have to do something else and there's nothing I want to do I hate school. I hate the people there. They hate me it's as simple as that. I have tired to make my dad happy and do somethings he likes like hunting and all that accomplished was me sitting alone with a gun pointed at my head crying. I want to kill myself so bad but I don't have the courage to. I dont believe in a god because I have been a Christian all my life until I was 13 and god never answered my prayers for these thoughts to leave me and what god would make a child go through this. Every night I go to sleep crying hoping I never wake up. I'm sorry that this was really scattered out about what I was talking about at each moment and I'm sorry I wasted your time reading for reading this. 