I'm sorry about the wall of text. And the rant. It's been a long 3 years.Who ever said you could make me in your own image? Who ever said you could take me, an intelligent, budding activist, and turn me into you, idiotic, purposeless, an ignorant drunkard? You have destroyed my life, everything I have ever worked to achieve, all in the name of my future. You've destroyed my body and my mind. And frankly, I can't take it anymore. Well, you know what? Fuck you. Fuck you. Go and burn in hell. I hate you, I have always hated you. You have always been the sum, of everything I despise. You are the reason that our family can't have peace, and you are the reason I can't be happy with my life. 

What idiot said that a teenager can't have his rights? Sometimes a teenager is more coherent then his parents. Unfortunately, my parents are stupid enough to have gained work with the executor of America's fascist policies around the world, so my quality of life seems high enough to prevent me from gaining, what was it? Independence, freedom, emancipation, from my parents. If I was just left alone and allowed to reach my full potential, I would be so much farther in life. But you bastards had to shelter me, hold back my knowledge, and then when I finally gained that knowledge, you prevented me from taking action. You people are the ones who have fucked over what was supposed to be MY FUCKING WORLD, AND NOW WHAT? YOU WON'T LET ME TRY AND FIX IT. WHAT THE FUCK IS YOUR LOGIC BEHIND THAT? BROKEN THINGS ARE MEANT TO BE FIXED. You think that sometimes, things can't be fixed. You think that we have to throw things away, and get new things to replace them. Well, you know what? That's really, fucking, rare. And you know what? We can't replace this planet. Can't you see the writing on the wall. Unless we (I mean I) do something, we're all going straight to hell. Our government supports the corporate oligarchy that rules most of the world, at the expense of everyone else on this planet. People like me have finally become smart enough to realize that this is wrong, and most of us are taking action. This 'government' has developed Orwell-esque technologies in order to track and eliminate resistance to their policies. We can see this in the PRISM program run by the NSA and in FBI spying on protestors during the heyday of the Occupy Movement. I guess you just make their job easier by preventing me from taking action. A good man once said, "While they collect all this information, it's useless if they can't analyze it. Flood them with useless information, and their collection systems become pointless. What can they do with one million false positives?" There is nothing positive at all that can come out of your endless restrictions. Nothing positive has come out of them. Ever.

You never really made an effort to make my life good, besides the physical essentials. You gave me food, water, a bed and a roof. Even a computer. Did you ever realize that what your child always needed was love? You spent your years watching him make achievement after achievement, until he began to screw up. You've been upset and screamed at me for three years continually now; I don't think you understand how hard I've been working. I have spent every hour of my life for the past 3 years just hoping to please you, just to feel that I've satisfied your requests. You're mad at me because I got an 80 on a math test. Well, I'm taking advanced math in a difficult school. What were you expecting? Did you expect my trend of perfect scores to continue once we moved into the big league? All I've ever wanted to do is to be good enough for you to stop being mad with me. Clearly, I never became good enough. You didn't care that I dreamed, dreams of code, science, medicine, activism, a better world. You discovered that I dreamed, and you took it all away from me. You took my last refuge away. "That'll ruin your chances of college admission. No, that'll ruin your chances of college admission. Nik, you can't do that, it'll ruin your chances of college admission." You know what, I'm sure that the admissions directors care that I participated in protests when I was a teenager. You know what, they might even be impressed. Frankly, I don't give two fucks about this. Life is happening now, and if what I do now screws something up for me in four years, then I will adapt. That has always been my motto, I will adapt. I guess I've gotten to a point where it's all become too much. I've gotten to a point, where it's too much to adapt. I haven't got much reason to try, do I?

I guess there are a few reasons why I haven't done it yet. I care too much about my little sister. Pepsi, my little schnauzer. The girl I guess I've always loved. My desire to leave them with a better world. And I guess the desire to leave this world with my purpose fulfilled. It doesn't really matter, does it anyway? My little sister has begun to hate me and mock me for what I believe. Pepsi won't really care when I'm gone, they'll probably fill his time anyway. She doesn't care about me, and she never will. There's nothing I can do to leave them with a better world, and you know what? You've destroyed whatever chance I had of fulfilling my purpose. I guess the system has always been slated against me. Our schools are filled of children who have been taught by the media that intelligent people should be ostracized. I hadn't met anyone of similar intellectual caliber until I came to my current school. Unfortunately, none of them have reached relative enlightenment yet. None of them see the desolation, the inevitable destruction hanging over all of us. It doesn't matter, anyway. Most of them call me 'that damn Commie'. I'm not even a fucking communist. They discriminate against me, and I'm left with what? 2 friends. Good friends, yes, but I barely see them at all. I'm left in silence, reading my books, while everyone else feels good about themselves.

I guess I don't really want to commit suicide. All I want is to die, or better yet, cease existing.