My father lost a trial to our healthcare company and I just hate my lifeNotes:

English is not my native language, so sorry about that.

I am from Argentina, so before suggesting anything, take that in mind.

I just want to release a lot of pain. Sorry if this is not the place for that.

This is the first time I write something like this. Sorry for the format, rambling and/or writing a lot.

&amp;nbsp;

My family environment is really toxic. I didn't had a good childhood. My father and brother are really aggressive persons, so violence is, unfortunately, something very common.

My mother has OCD, Frontotemporal dementia and Cycloid personality. Basically, her brain is degenerating and her faculties are reduced. She's been sick for the past 8 years, give or take. The four of us lived all together and my father and brother treated her REALLY bad. Verbal abuse, low physical violence (no more than shaking her and stuff like that).

After years, my father followed my advice and started a procedure with our healthcare company so she could go to a special clinic for people like her and the healthcare company didn't approve it even when my mother's psychiatrist wrote a letter saying that she needed to live there because her sickness was very advanced. So my father started a legal procedure with this company.

A first judge decided that during the months before the trial, my mom had to be moved to this clinic and this company had to pay everything. During the last few months (since the start of the year, aproximately), she lived there and came to my place during weekends.

Today, I found out that my father lost the trial because my mother didn't sign something or something like that, so the healthcare company wants to stop paying everything, she'll have to come back to home and we will owe them 60.000 dollars to pay lawyers, trial, etcetera.

This means my mother will come back home, the environment is going to be shit again, we are going to owe an amount of money that we cannot pay and I just hate everything and want to die.

Sorry for the inconvenience.

&amp;nbsp;

Edit: Formatting.