Just want to jump out of my balcony...Sorry for this post, but I feel sweet the idea of jumping out of that balcony. Fifth floor, if I touch the ground with my head I should die suddenly, isn't it? In that case, no more feelings, no more pain, no more confusion, no more problems, no more battles for arriving to a point in which I don't know how I will feel, and if I feel good I don't know if it will last more than few seconds.

I am tired. I am broken. I am again at my parents home after years spent in a project that was a failure and made everyone laugh of me. I have no reputation, I feel ashamed, I feel I have burned all the support I had in my life, the few support of people I could build. I burned it by taking having troubles in taking a major life choice, for not being a perfect person, for not being like they expected I should have been. I destroyed my career, probably I took the wrong path, and people had expectations on me that I could never met. I got everything wrong, did things without being sure about what I was doing, but I could not be sure. I was always unsure about everything, and felt always like a shit, emotionally and physically. I was always unhappy, and my parents blamed me. My mother was sick of me, everyone was sick of me. Everyone mocked me and some harassed me. I was a shit, I was a nothingness. Everyone criticised me and said what I should do. And got upset and used to say that I had to be in a certain way. I was the cause for people's irritation. 
I could do anything about it. I fought, I took risk, and I arrived to the point that it was not working. 

On top of that, people wanting me to be what they wanted, manipulating me, tried to keep me in their lives without asking if I wanted, and blaming me at every step I was taking towards making my life, and making it happy.

Today I am in my former room, when I was a kid, and an adolescent, and now I am an adult. I am stuck here at my parent's home again. I don't understand my father, he seems to manipulate me with his behaviour, I can't stand my mother anymore, with her paranoia, rigid way of thinking and her breathing down my neck, and critics "for improving" and "I am only saying the truth".

I cut my asshole "friends", who "loved me so much" but only if I did what they wanted, and never asked sorry for anything they did... but I was constantly asking sorry for what I did. I was the stupid one, the "poor guy" one...

I am here, I am lost, I dunno what to do, and I am thinking how sweet would be to fly, one single time, all my life in that flight, the air in my face for the last time. Everything for the last time. Everything. And then, the pavement. Done. Everyone sorry for me, my family destroyed, and who played the victim until today, still playing the victim and acting with all the other actors in this world of "humans", all playing a part. What's the point of all this?

Fresh air, cold air. One fall. And that's it. It would be so sweet, like going to sleep forever.