I feel suicidal because I am a terrible person...Hello I am a 19 year old who honestly feels like they don't deserve to live and doesn't deserve happiness for my own stupid mistakes... I feel like a sick human being... I feel a lot of guilt over my teenage years and how i did bad things...

When I was younger (Between 13-16) I had watched videos online of women unknowingly being recorded in the bathroom (Atleast i think that's the case) I also had looked into images of some of the leaked celebrity photos a few years back and hate myself for how disrespectful I was... I've also been having fears that I am some monster who could hurt younger people, I became fearful of this as when I was around 15 or 16 I used to watch videos relating to a fetish i had of people wetting themselves and saw videos of people younger than me doing that, as well as that I can remember checking a friends Facebook profile to see if i found any pictures of them attractive and while i can't fully remember what happened I'm terrified i found pictures of them when they were younger attractive, When I realised my mistakes I ended up spending the next 3 years scared all the time that I was attracted to younger people, I believe that honestly that isn't the case but my anxiety always makes me have my doubts... With all this i suffer guilt that haunts me even now...

I also get constant anxiety wondering if I am some terrible person for the things I do now... I remember a website i used to visit for fetish stuff had a download section with videos of "school girls" i was disturbed by this and went away from it immediately, I didn't report it at the time, I can't remember if it was a matter of being too scared to report it fearing I would get into trouble, I wasn't thinking at the time or I was thinking that if it was really something bad I thought someone else would probably report it, I still visited the site but ignored the download section until i checked to see if it was still there and it was, from that point I had decided to avoid the site... I did eventually check it again at which point i decided to finally report it. I've had a few recent moments where I worry I've done something awful in how I handle these things, I got scared sometimes that with indecent images or a video when I was younger of women I get scared that I unknowingly found something terrible, I would worry that what i thought was an adult could have been an image or a video of a teenager... I suffer from OCD so I would get a compulsion to check if that was really the case to put my mind at rest however with the image set i checked it was a chinese woman undressing, it didn't show any of her privates however her face was blurred out and that has had me worried, When I was checking whether it was an adult I became scared that I was attracted looking at the images... I couldn't honestly tell if my fears were true or not... I also remember a similar situation with a video I saw (The woman in this video had a tattoo which makes me think looking back they were an adult but my OCD can really bother me into thinking that's not true and I'm an awful person) With how anonymous the internet can be it's hard to find the truth of the matter and that's something that scares me so much... I can't tell if I am really some terrible person... If I could find out an answer and found that those images or video did have someone younger in it I would have them reported...

One last thing that's been making me wonder if I am a terrible person is once i recall seeing an indecent ad that showed real people on an art site and i only saw it for a split second but worried it looked like the people in the ad were quite young looking... after that happened I visited the art site a few more times hoping the ad would not pop up again (It never did again thankfully) However i can't shake this feeling that visiting the site again thinking that the ad won't appear again if it is something bad, makes me some terrible person to think...

After thinking about it, I decided to just stay away from looking up sexual art or images online as throughout my life it's been more trouble than its worth with all these terrible things people put online but I can't help but just feel like it's too late for me... I spend every day feeling like a terrible human being and I can never go back... I would never ever want to see someone younger get hurt but my anxiety always makes me doubt myself, I end up seeing myself as a terrible person who deserves to die... I had a best friend who was very close to me who suddenly stopped talking to me and her friends for the last 6 months so that's been making things harder on me and I've been too scared to talk to other friends because I'm just scared I would seem like a lie since they don't know about my problems and I'm too scared to tell friends my problems in case they'd hate me... I feel like in trying to do better nothing i do matters because the bad already happened... and I still feel like every day I am messing up and making bad mistakes... I feel like life isn't worth going on because people will hate me and I will never be happy for all of this...