Life is nothing more than a tedious strain on my mental healthLiving has become boring.

Every day I find myself becoming more cynical and bitter of a person, developing further self-hatred for myself and an overall distrust for humanity in general.

I have a tendency to always assume the worst of situations, something I attempt rationalize by saying, "That way, when you end up being right, you're not disappointed, and when you're wrong, you're pleasantly surprised".

There's some days I feel I almost thrive on the negativity produced by others. I couldn't honestly tell you why- the best understanding for it I've managed to muster is that I use it to justify my social anxiety, being able to use anything I hear or read that particularly bothers me to further my pre-existing belief that "people suck". An excuse to not want to attempt conversation, to not want friends. That's my best guess, anyhow.

Yet, even having convinced myself of this, there's still too many days where I find myself feeling lonely. Days where I wish I had to ability to talk to others, despite being so utterly afraid of everyone.

No matter the environment I'm in, I consistently feel out of place. I legitimately believe I am somehow mentally stunted, considering that, having been alive as long as I have, grasping the concept of socialization is completely impossible for me. Multiples times have I brought the subject up to therapists, counselors, and none of them are able to help me. If you're unable to understand how to talk to people, how are you expected to learn it? It's not something particularly easy to explain, and I have a tendency to be confused by anything that isn't explained to me the way you would explain it to a literal toddler.

A complete lack of personality doesn't exactly help my case either. Despite the fact that I am *remarkably* unattractive, there isn't anything remotely notable about me. I don't do anything in my free time, other than sit on my phone in bed, like the useless cunt I happen to be. Hobbies I formerly had several years ago have since been robbed from me thanks to depression, which has completely depleted all of the motivation I had in the past (which, even then, was a miniscule amount). My way of living is, and has been for as long as I can remember, is that anything other than *perfection* is meaningless. If you can't be perfect, why even bother? 

Coming back to the unattractive factor I mentioned previously, As stated, I am exceedingly  so. Yeah, I'm that obese, acne covered piece of shit with the uneven teeth and messy hair other teenagers intentionally go out of their way to avoid, having had the fact that I'm ugly hammered into me so many times it's become part of my identity. There are truly few things that get on my nerves more than having people try and get me to believe I'm somehow *not* hideous. I nearly snapped at my mentor for it (yes, I have a "mentor", because I am so socially inept I have to have some poor 22 year old spend their time escorting me places, certainly not because they want to, but due to pity, they feel the obligation to).

I'm pretty stupid, but I at least like to think I have *some* self awareness. I can be given the consensus of what an "attractive" person is and know very well I don't fit the bill. I can look at the fact that I'm doing poorly the dumbed-down courses in the "special school" I have to go to and be able to tell I'm pathetic. It wasn't too long ago that I found out the school I used to attend didn't even give out grades lower than a C, so "not to provoke student's anxiety".  Undeniably, if I hadn't been going there, I'd be failing, and the fact that I was given Bs despite doing what most would consider terrible was something that managed to cause arguments amongst me and my teacher. 

If I'm not intelligent, or even of average looks, then what am I? If I want to be successful in life but know that it isn't possible, then what's the point in living? It's not so far from now I'll be considered an "adult", but in terms of my capabilities I don't even reach the standards of someone in the 7th grade. Maybe killing myself would make me nothing more than just another statistic, but that's all I was ever bound to be anyway. There's nothing worth living for on this planet.