Why shouldn’t I kill myself due to social anxiety?I’m 21 years old and I have severe social anxiety, undiagnosed of course due to the condition itself. I’ve never had a girlfriend (kissless, hugless virgin) and haven’t made a proper friend in as long as I can remember, neither of which bother me anymore. I have just a couple friends that don’t live in the same town as me and I prefer it that way.

I struggled through high school well aware of my social anxiety, with the mindset that I would be dealing with it forever, but it didn’t bother me like it does now because I made myself believe I would somehow use my intelligence (top of my school) to somehow earn a living without having to interact daily. Since then I dropped out of university because I couldn’t handle the social interaction, and I worked at my parent’s small business that I also had to quit because I couldn’t handle the interaction with fellow employees. I’ve tried extensively to make money online too but that has only been a waste of money so far and now I have no more to invest. Now I’m coming to the realization that there are no jobs I can do that don’t involve any interaction at all with others. I’m expecting to hear that I should just get a job and it will supposedly help my social anxiety due to exposure: I’ve exposed myself enough to know it’s an immense effort for no reward, I just go right back to avoiding everyone in no time. And counseling, counseling is the biggest joke I’ve ever heard; if I was insane it may help in some way to help me organize my thoughts, but I am well aware of my options. The way I see it, I have two. I can force myself to live my life with this condition, living in misery as I force myself through social interactions, counseling and a hundred different pills with weird side effects, or I can end my life here which I see to be valid strategy. I just don’t think it’s worth all the effort and suffering I’d have to go through just to experience the good things in life, that does not make me depressed. Once my parents die I feel I can justify suicide, everyone else that cares should realize it’s my decision. If there was a job available for people allowing zero social interaction my life would be set.