I want out...but I can't.I'm a med student. I have decent grades because I study my butt off every day. I thought I was happy - I had some friends. Was living in another part of the world. But everything crashed and burned 2 months ago. I haven't seen my family in two years because I couldn't afford the plane ticket home. I was going to see them this Christmas. I lost 6 family members in a 5 month span while away and couldn't attend a funeral.  Then a "friend" called our friendship off and my close friend/roommate started to ignore me. I couldn't deal with all loss - I found myself always on edge, crying every morning, shaking uncontrollably when I am just a little anxious, and getting 3 hours of sleep every night. 

Exactly one month ago, I attempted suicide after arguing with my former friend, who said I was freak and to go "fuck off" with my problems -  "tell them to a psychiatrist -I'm not your psychiatrist". Only a med student.  A wash of despair, heartache, and panic just took over - this person who I was thought was a good friend wasn't...

Four hours later - I found myself admitted in the hospital after a classmate found in the park after hysterically ingesting 20 Tylenol tablets. I had purchased 2 boxes of tylenol and was ready to down both bottles.  I was missing for 5 days and no one asked where I was ..

 As soon I was discharged,  I was prepared to move out. I came home to an angry roommate  who yelled at me for not giving enough notice and threatened to sue me. The other shrugged when she found out later what had happened to me. All of my other friends cut me off. I've asked for company, but all of them said they were too busy these days. I haven't seen anyone in 3 weeks. The school granted me a medical leave of absence for the rest of the semester - but it meant that I would have to start 2nd year all over. I'll be another $80K in debt. My parents are stressed - I can hear it in their voice. They want to take care of me, but after what has happened in the family, they can't handle their oldest suicidal daughter AND their younger depressed daughter at the same time. But I can't stay here. I feel like a failure. I am watching everyone else move on to 3rd year in the wards, while I am stuck - frozen in time. 

The events that happened on that day is always on repeat - how my former roommate called me a "harasser". I asked for help and some understanding because she actually offered it - but I guess she said out of politeness. She wasn't really serious.  I must have been pissing her off every time I'd ask her to go on a walk with me when I felt overwhelmed.  She also called me a "threat" - she thought I was hurt her during my panic attack.  But she's 40 pounds heavier, 5 inches taller, knows karate and knows I would rather hurt myself than hurt others.  I'll never forget how my other roommate never asked where was I was for the 5 days I was missing. 

I always think about how I've disappointed my family. I am the first person to have completed college and go on to grad/professional school. My dad bragged about me to his friends. How can I face them now?  I really don't want to go home - I can't face the neighbors. I'm a joke. I can't face my classmates - I'm a failure. I want to run away - but I don't know where to go. I want to leave. I want to go. 

I wish...I was successful that day.