Been a long time since I've thought this way.Throwaway because, well, yeah. Pretty obvious.

Been dealing with depression for over a decade now... mostly had it under control. Was on pill cocktails for years but they always left me a zombie. Starting self medicating with cannabis, which - honestly - worked fucking amazing. I wasn't fucked up 24/7 but a light once in a while kept me perked up and... normal. As normal as I can get, anyways.

But I've been getting fucked left and right... job's dead end, barely paying my rent between me and my girlfriend. She's going to school and I have to drive her, so neither of us have room for a second job, and some hidden costs always pop up from the school, too... I can't even afford new clothes. My only pair of jeans is shredded and tattered. I look fucking homeless. I have $3 to my name, but at least rent's paid, who needs to eat? Too poor to medicate, so things get darker and darker every day.

Girlfriend is pissed off at me. My whole life, whenever I'd get really depressed, I'd flirt. Making someone smile always cheered me up, and I was never really in a dedicated relationship, so of course I'd let things escalate. I don't know if I'm a sex addict, or a drug addict, or what's wrong with me, but I can't just love her and her alone because I'm a piece of fucking shit. So of course she catches me in the act again (never anything physical, couldn't do that - but she glanced at my phone and saw some stuff) and is getting even more sick of my shit... I don't even know what time this is. 8? 9? I don't fucking deserve her.

I'm just sick of living. Convince me it gets fucking better. I have two maxed out credit cards I had to use to pay bills, eat and fill my car up because all of my paychecks go to rent. I can't afford to pay those off. My credit score's dropped 150 points in two fucking months. I have no money, I barely keep a roof over my head, I'm eating stale canned food because I can't fucking afford anything more than that. Convince me life isn't fucking worthless. I'm sick of getting kicked when I'm down.

I used to love life and now it feels like there's no hope.

Sorry if I rambled a lot or it's really confusing, I just... I can't handle all this shit, guys. I can't do it.