I do not know where to write this, but I searched "suicide" and this came-up. I am sorry if it does not belong.Sorry for my english and my wall post... I just have been accumulating this feeling for a month now and I feel like breaking apart... I wish I could tell him this things, but I know it would make him upset... 



I have a brother, my older brother who suffers from chronic depression. I also suffer it, but somehow, I am less affected than him.

Due to work I had to move out recently, and since then, I have not been able to sleep well, you see... My brother has treated to self harm himself multiple times, he even disappeared once, and he refuses to get treatment. I was the only one he would talk to at home, but now that I am gone... Who is going to talk to him? 

I am scared all nights and all days... I am scared that I wont see him anymore the next time I travel home and breaks my heart. 

Is funny, how we always end up fighting, how he hates that i put my feet on the front of the car and I hate his short temper. How I have had to adjust my taste to his so I have something to talk about with him... Does he notices that? That I try hard? 

Does he notices that I love him? That I admire him? That I wish I was the sick one and not him, he has always been the smartest, the one that everybody admires... Including me, I have always been so proud of my big brother. Instead i have always been so dumb, so stupid, so useless... If it was me it would not be a waste. 

Does he notices that I am sorry that sometimes I loose my temper with him? That I feel that he has just been lying all this time? That he fooled my mother and I and he truly loves us? 

Does he notices how our mother craves one of his hugs and kisses? That she always mentions it? ....brother... Do you notice  That she is scared to loose you?

Did you liked that I called you today? Sorry that I broke in tears... But at least you seemed worried, I liked that. I truly did. I told you I missed you, but you did not told me a thing... i hope you miss me too. 

I wish you could speak to me more often, or invite me to something you like, instead to feel like I keep pushing myself on you... 

I cant wait to go on saturday... I know you would not like that I hugged you, but I want you to know, that I really do miss you. I have been crying all nights, today has been the worst... I have been thinking that Maybe if I didnt exist you would have been happier. If I die... Would you miss me? 

Please brother, smile a bit, is all I want. I am worried for you so much... Please brother take care of yourself. 

