I have never had this feeling beforeThis will be a long text, and I am not forcing anybody to read it. I am using writing as a way to express my feelings.

I keep saying to myself it will go over. Suicide has never seriously crossed my mind until now. But I just realised that I don't see the meaning in life. I don't enjoy anything at the moment. I used to love music, friends and family. But now everything is different. The only thing that has changed is me.

I get rejected over and over by my life. I feel like I am not meant to be born in this world. My point of view is entirely different to anybody else. I have lots of friends but nobody I have a connection with. Nobody I can share my life with. It feels like I have tried everything before giving up. I used to be a very introvert person with very few friends. But the past year or so I have changed. I made a lot of friends, and I met a lot of girls. I am not blaming the girls for rejecting me. I blame myself for having such a unique perspective on life. Let me be honest here. 

I am pretty sure the girls are just rejecting me because we have nothing in common. 
It is not like I go around and share my suicide thoughts with them. I have only been trying to meet a lot of girls to see if I possibly could have something in common with somebody. 

The only thing that's keeping me alive is my family. I know they will miss me when I am gone. Of course, my friends will be sad but let's be real here. I have absolutely nothing in common with any of them. I only talk to them at school and small gatherings. So it wouldn't be a big deal if I were gone. 

I am sure that all this would end if I could just finally find someone with the same interests as me. But it seems impossible for me because I only meet people I study with. 

All the girls I have talked to have been girls at my school. All my friends are either in my class or at the school. 

People don't consider me as this type of guy. People refer to me as the chill type of guy. People see me as happy all the time. The fact is: I'm not. I always have a facade on. 

But now everything has changed. This time I want to take my life. I have read some posts on the subreddit that has inspired me to research my method of use. I already know how my life will end. 

I will share a bit more background information with you guys because at this point I don't care

I am currently almost done with my education. I have never been a fan of education, but I have always pushed myself to take it and just get over with it. 

Besides education, I don't do anything. I enjoy being with my friends but everybody is busy with their own lives, and again we have nothing in common. The past ten years or something I have just been sitting on my ass doing nothing after school. Meaning that after I am done with school, I would just go home and play video games. I don't even like playing video games, but I have always used it to escape my problems. Problems that I cannot do anything about. 

After writing this text, I am no longer crying, but I also don't feel any emotions. I still want to take my life just to end my suffering. I feel like people would start caring about me when I am gone. People have stopped asking about my life. Not even my family asks me anymore. My family is a mess anyways. After their divorce, I have been devastated. I cried myself to sleep more than I can count to. 

I also have nobody to celebrate New Years evening with. I had been talking to this girl for a while, and we were going to celebrate it together, but then she dumped me today. I am not blaming her for anything. I am glad she did because I am a fucking mess. 

I know I should stop writing, but I can't stop. I have so much to share but nobody to share it with. Not only do I want true friends but I also want a girlfriend. I don't have any problems talking with them, but I just have trouble finding common interests. 

I know that the very few people that have read my post will start suggesting all sort of things. But let's be real here again. When you first find out that life has no purpose you begin to wonder. I know that I will always be me no matter if I am gone in a week or if I first die when I grow old. I will never change the way I am. I have made my decisions in life and I think it is time to end the suffering. 

I will be doing a week of research before I am gone. 
For the people reading just some of it. Thank you. I know you can't help me but still thank you for taking a bit of your time to read it. 

You are more than welcome to comment. I do not promise that I can help with anything though. 

Thank you

