I don't know how to cope...My mind is a little hazy, just been out of it, so I'm sorry that parts of this might seem backwards (mentioning things twice, mentioning things out of order) I wrote them out of order and tried to put them back in order, but with my mind being hazy it's hard to think clearly.

I've been trying to get help on how to cope with getting in a car accident. I was in a car accident over a week ago where I rolled the car (it was a jeep, lifted, no roll bar, it had a roof though) I didn't have any major damage, I hurt my shoulder, which feels almost 100% better now, that was the most of my damage. I hurt my ribs and got whiplash, it hurt to laugh for a few days (five or so), but it was easy to not laugh as I usually fake my laugh to make my friends feel better. I was lucky to just get up and walk away like it didn't happen, so they say.

Earlier that day I thought things were okay, you see I've been depressed for a long time, and a few months before this accident, my suicidal thoughts stopped when I made some friends I met. They meant a lot to me, and even for awhile I thought things would be okay. I don't even know if I can say I was depressed then, I was happy. I finally knew what it was like to be happy. It was great. The whole time though I was still a little out of it as my grandpa was in the hospital. He came home three weeks ago, and after a few days, he had a heart attack.

We were worried about him, and that's where I started to feel sad again. I didn't think much of it, as it was different to when I Was depressed. A different sadness, just a normal losing something sadness other than the numb depression feeling. He had surgery and was alright, the day he came home though, my dad went to the ER (emergency room) from arm/chest pain. He had a heart attack. I had to take care of Grandpa (while mom was at the hospital with dad) while feeling empty inside. It was different, it felt like there was a part of me that was gone, and I was anxious, walking around aimlessly, waiting for that part of me to come back to me. Something that was always there, suddenly gone, I was missing it.

Dad was alright, a few days in icu (Intensive Care Unit) and two surgeries later, he was let out. So I had to take care of him also, along with taking care of my mom because she's been getting old and I had to take care of her before this.

All of those things piled up onto each other, and I felt empty. I mindlessly took care of them, and I've matured because of it, and when they can take care of themselves more I was going to get a job.

My dad is very strong, and is already taking care of himself again. (and taking care of mom as I've been absence for the week. by absence I mean mentally. Stuck in my own mind)

The day before my dad's heart attack, I spoke to my friends (as sometimes I avoid everyone to keep helping my family) I felt alright with them. After I left, I felt lonelier than I ever did before. I was on my bed feeling so dead, and thought it'd be best if I give up, as it was pressure taking care of my mom (and knowing I'd have to take care of grandpa the next day) I was going to end my life, but I got a text from another friend, and I got online and started chatting with her. I didn't want to abandon her. The next day when I knew of my dad's heart attack, I felt so selfish. I had to take care of people, my dad had a heart attack, and I was trying to turn my back on them. So I kept going.

We kept telling Dad everything was alright, and my (other) grandpa was going to pay the rent (rent is over 2 thousand, we had 100 dollars to our name and the rent was due in five days.) and everything was alright. After awhile, dad got stronger, I felt a little better. The day of the accident, I felt alright. I went to get a book and a shirt, and then took mom out for sushi, as it was her favorite food. (with grandpa paying the rent for two months, we had some extra money)

I felt alright, I felt great. Happy again. I walked around with my back straight instead of caved in looking down. I looked up and walked with confidence, thinking everything was alright. For once I thought things were okay, and I was happy, I thought everything would stay okay, that things would keep getting better.

For once, I wanted to live instead of die.

we were at the restaurant and having a great time, when my brother called to get picked up from work. We finish eating and go to pick him up. As we were going around a corner, the back wheel made it off the road, and we couldn't get it back on. So we swerved to the left a little, and it wouldn't get onto the road still, but the car did slide sideways. (I was passenger, mom was driving at the time.) So it was sliding to my side, and since it's a Jeep, at some point my mind thought "we're going to flip. Onto my side. Please no." We went straight for a car in oncoming lane, so we swerved back to the other side, and missed the car (I think that was the car who stopped and they came to help us) and we drove off the road, and the car slid sideways onto my moms side.

I then just remember feeling lifted up, and I saw the world outside the windshield slowly (everything felt slow) turn to it's side. Before it fell to the side, I raised my arms up to hold onto the roof of the car, and closed my eyes, and then everything felt so fast. I remember the feeling when the side of the car finally hit the ground, and I remember being upside down for so long. Then I felt everything stop.

There was a lot of weight on my arms, so I thought I was upside down still, but when I was able to open my eyes and see two people walking to the car, I realized we landed on the wheels. *the wheels* I can't explain how much relief I felt, it's rare to actually land on the wheels after your car rolls.(so I thought and what everyone said, anyway)

I felt my mom's arms around me, and I heard her voice asking me something, I didn't know what it was, but I think it was if I was there or okay, and I said "I'm okay... I'm okay... I can't see.." I realized I lost my glasses.

I found them, in the back seat, found my phone 15 feet away from my car. (fell out in the first roll I assumed)

Mom and I were okay, but we were sore the next day. I've been on pills since then for pain and such, but I think I won't take them tomorrow as I feel that good now.

As far as my body, it's fine. But my mind won't stop- I had nightmares every night since, and it keeps playing in my mind, the sliding, the car tipping over, feeling of being upside down.

Since then, I've felt empty, numb. I can't even get into the car without a panic attack. Our car is low and I'm sure you'd have to be actively trying *very very hard* to roll it, but still every turn, and when we picked up my brother the next time, that road, it was all too much. Actual fear.

I felt so cheated, where I wanted to live for once, just to have any hope taken away. I'm alive, I should be thankful, happy even. but I feel like the spirit I was getting was taken from me. The courage I finally found to even go outside in the first place is gone. (I've been afraid of going outside in case I get hurt or something.)

I feel so empty and numb, I feel *so dead* on the inside. I've been trying to cope with it, I've been fighting through these urges to just give up, I've been trying to cope with the accident so I can hopefully get over it sooner.

I'm either thinking of what happened, or thinking of how to end the suffering I've been having for the past months, or wanting to reach out and get help. I want to cope with this, I'm terrified that every time my fiends say goodnight, it will have to mean a goodbye, because they'll have to wake the next day and get the news that I've killed myself. As much as I want this to end, I'm trying really hard to find something to help me cope with this.

Does anyone have any advice? I'm really trying. I'm sorry if I'm a lost cause here, with being suicidal and depressed for years now, but I finally believe I can be fixed, and I need to get past this now to get better. I need to cope with the car accident, I assume I'll heal more naturally with time, but I don't know how much time I have with a suicidal mind.