me again, hi.Everyone was really nice and had some comforting words &amp; advice last time I posted. I could really use them again :( Sorry for being such a bother.

Recap: due to our financial situation we had to sell the house. Now my husband has lost his job (I don't work regularly due to illness) and we will be without a roof in a month. My own parents just recently split up.

Hubby is still trying to find a new job while we wait for the closure. He's talked to his family and they are cool with him moving back home for a time if he can't find one, but I cannot come because there is no room. The house is 3 bedrooms with 5 people already living there, understandable. I would probably not do well in such a tiny space with so many other people.

I have already found a placement for our pet rats. They are my ESAs and letting them go, even temporary, is gut wrenching. I have begun the disability process but it is a long wait with no guarantee. As for MY roof...

I'll be living in my car. Too cold right now to tent it up and in a month I doubt that will change (lake weather!). My father offered his place, which I will use for my legal address, but when my brother comes home from work there will be no space. I also don't want to invade on my dad's time with his new lady and house flipping project.

As for my mother... she offered but. I can't. The wound is still too raw from when she walked out on my dad, and she's been lying to me &amp; everyone else in the family about her drinking while she tries to squeeze every penny from my father in alimony because like me she doesn't work. I'm too bitter and upset to live with her right now and frankly if I did, I'd feel too guilty knowing I'm living off my father's stolen funds. 

I don't know what I am going to do for money when my hubby is gone. I'm at the point where I'm considering doing camshows to make insurance payments on the car. I don't know what I am going to do if the situation lasts longer than say a week. If my husband was with me it might be okay, but the thought that he will soon be gone hurts so much and leaves me helpless. I hate it. I used to be the breadwinner, working full-time in a high paying career, then I got sick, and now I'm just a piece of fragile luggage being shuffled about.

This is really overwhelming. I'm trying to stay in the present, but it is difficult with so much uncertainty hanging over my head. I can't stop thinking about the silk scarf under my bed :(

**edit** Disability just called and I do not qualify right now. fawk.