It's my decisionI've thought about dying everyday of my life for as long as I can remember. No one in my life needs or relies on me so why should it effect them. I have no wife and no children. The very little family and friends I have is the only reason why I haven't done it yet though. I have no clue why my two sisters look up to me, I'm still grandma's little man and I'm the only constant in my father's life. I pretty much have one friend who is just as a big of a dissapointment as I am. An ex from a long term relationship that I talk to on occasion and a recent ex who dumped me for relapsing but now wants to be there for me...

I started using heroin when I was 19 and finally got clean with the help of suboxone when I was 23. It was one of the hardest things in my life to deal with and now it's now 10 years later and I've relapsed and it's so much worse. It's been 4 months since I started using again and I've literally ran my life into the gutter. I didn't have a savings when I was 20, I do now and it's all gone. I didn't have a credit card when I was 20, I do now and I maxed out two of them. I got a title loan against my car and I can't afford the few bills that I have. I'm two months behind on my phone and Internet bill and my car insurance has lapsed.

I'm 33 and I still live at home with my father. He doesn't make very much and barley gets by on his own. Last month I couldn't afford the electric bill and he nearly had a melt down of not knowing how it would be paid. The only thing I look forward to is the job I think I can go back to. I wasn't fired nor did I quit, he told me to get it together and I could come back. So the only thing that's been getting me by to pay a bill or two and support my habit is asking those around me for money and stealing, alot of stealing, and that's over with. 

I got hit with a petty shoplifting charge a month ago, I was the get away driver - didn't actually steal anything then. But today I stole a bunch and a man followed me out and was on the phone as I got into my car. So I'm sure the police are aware... And the reason I told myself I had to steal today was to make the money back that I blew, the money my best friend told me to get from his account and hire a lawyer with because he's in jail. I spent it all on dope so I had to make it back in a hurry to pay his lawyer tomorrow. 

I keep making one bad decision after another. I'm afraid that's it's to late for me so I've never really tried in life, never actually grew up either. I'm an extreme introvert who's afraid of confrentation, I'm mainly a coward. I'm a self centered brat who doesn't think about others. This thought in my life is really the only time I think of anyone else. But what's the point, they can't help me, it all falls on me to change anything and I'm to weak to do it. This past weekend I went two days without using, trying to get back on my pills and I only made it that long because she took away my keys and in one thoughtless moment she gave them back to me and I darted out the door and got high. 

So here I sit typing this out thinking maybe it will help to tell somebody. I wanted to get it all out in one place to actually see it as a whole. Some know this and some know that but I haven't told anyone I know all of it. Sure everyone knows I'm using but not all the problems I've caused that are getting bigger by the day. I want to blame someone for all of this but I can't, each bad decision I made, I made it. It's not the best friend who's no good for me that everyone wants to blame. It's not my shitty childhood that my doctor says caused this. It's not the fact that addiction runs in the family. It was my decision to make these choices. I have no one that can really help me and why should they. And even if they wanted to, what can they really do. No one can fix my problems, it all comes down to me and I'm to weak to even try anymore. I'm exhausted from this shit life I've created.

So if I do decide to call it quits, why can't I make one last bad decision? I know I'll be missed but really what are they missing out on. I'm the only son, the big brother, the fun loving uncle and the pain I'll cause if I do is what stops me. But I think I'd rather cause that pain than to be just a constant dissapointment. At least if I'm gone I won't be dissapointing anyone anymore, at least then maybe when someone thinks about me maybe I'll bring them a smile from some happy memory they have of me. I'd rather an accident so I don't even have to do it myself. Everyday I hope something happens; overdose, drunk driver, a heart attack, just something to happen to me so I don't actually have to cause the pain to those around me myself. 

I'm giant fucking coward and I think I'm done, I don't think I can do it anymore...