HopelessnessI dont know where to start. Sorry about overall messy writing. I am a 21 year old guy. I keep everything to myself because I dont trust anyone. I have many friends who would do everything to make me feel better but I just cant open myself. I wanted some anonymous thoughts of what should I do with my life. I know there may be so many happy memories I can make but it all just seems meaningless.

I dont believe in anything. In religion. In people. anything. I wish I could believe in something though. I feel a big part of my life missing because of it. I always felt like everything was pointless but I was against suicide. I felt it was really miserable to kill yourself. But for now I feel really hopeless and think I cant fix anything at all. 

My childhood was pretty alone. I was the loner type of guy. Even in the house I was alonr in my room playing ps1 or pc games. Before highschool I was friends with everyone but when I started highschool it became so hard to be friends eith people. I dont like people. I will skip the most of it but some people approached to me and by time I started being friends eith them. And one friend introduced me to another and she introduced me to my current gf. 

Last year of highschool I met with my current girlfriend. She was my first girlfriend and my first love. My life had a meaning now. It was the first time I felt happy. I won a good translation school right after high and my aim was to become a translator.

My gf didnt win. She had some really big family problems. I wanted to support her. I wanted to be by her side. So I abandoned my school. (didnt register) We started studying together. We went to the same prep school. One year went by. She won a psychology school. I won an economics school. 

I didnt study at all. I just played games at home. The university I won was a private one. (we have free public universities which are way better in most parts) So my school was really expensive and hard. I had to study like crazy so I didnt lose my scholarship (only provides %50 of school fee). 

I started my first year and my grades overall were b and c. It wasnt good. And time went on and at the end of first year I failed on couple of classes and had to repeat a year. After this I really got distant from economics because I didnt like it and Im not the typr to study and do math etc. I skipped all the classes for my repeat year. I never went to school and never took exams etc. 

Now Im at the middle of last semester. Still never went to classes. And probably failed because I didnt havr attendance. I really dont know. I dont know what should I do. 

If I talked to people. If I said I didnt like my school or economics maybe I could do something else. Maybe I could study and won some other school with another degree or something. But I just cant. I cant talk. I feel really stressed all thr time. 

I will fail this semester too and after that I cant continue to that school. I dont like it too. My father wasted so much money so I cant tell him anything. Also we dont talk much and currently I dont talk with him because he fought with my mom and went to another city for a week without telling anyone. 

Also I should talk more about my gf. She is not the supportive type. I dont open myself to her too. She had many problems with her family and I helped her a lot to get through. She says Im her hero. Which makes me really proud but she isnt my hero. I just dont feel like talking to her. For the last year we are fighting constantly. She is having some unloyal thoughts about other men too. She never would cheat on me but Im like a human waste right now so I cant be there for her. I dont feel like doing anything. I said we should break up but she doesnt leave me and honestly I love her. I just dont love my life. 

Sorry I know it was long and I probably missed some important details. Please ask if you are curious about anything.

TLDR
I stay at home. Play pc games all day. Sleep 10+ hours. I failed my university which my father spent a fortune. Im having problems with my gf. We dont even meet. I dont feel like doing anything. I feel hopeless and think killing myself is the solution to end my increasing high stress. 