I've realized a trend:I've realized a trend with myself:

1\) Expect the best

2\) Do my best

3\) Fail miserably.

Upon reaching step 3, I feel intense pangs of fear. It tugs on my heart. My breathing speeds up. And this has happened to me so many times that I just ask myself: why? Why do I even try in life? Everything I wanted, everything I expected, even the smallest of things have gone horribly wrong. Combine that with the work I have and my parents constantly watching over me and asking how the goals they've set on me have been going. I wish I could scream in their faces and tell them how their constant pressure has turned me into a pressure cooker waiting to go off. I wish I could tell them that because of how they trained me, I fear failure like nothing else. I wish I could tell them that because of the world we live in, the only thing that matters are stupid fucking numbers: grades, SAT scores, GPA, and the world wants to define me like that. And my trying to achieve those little fucking numbers, I set myself up for disappointment, and then fear. The five stages of grief have been replaced by nothing but constant overwhelming fear of failure. 

Every time I hear laughter I think it's directed at me. Nobody ever asks me to go out with them as a friend. I always have to invite myself to events. I have to put in all the work. And for what? It doesn't matter in the end. 

So why? Why shouldn't I end myself? I live on a skyscraper at least 10 stories high, so jumping off would be quick and painless. I despise this world. My plans have all gone to hell. I'll never be as good as any of my peers, not even remotely so. The worst part is? When I take my life, those sick fucks will probably fit it into their personal statement that they send off to universities, saying how the death of this guy they barely fucking knew had such a huge impact on them. This world is cruel and unkind, and its inhabitants are selfish and depraved. 

Even if I make it to some shitty university, what then? I'll be competing against the same sick fucks who'll whore themselves out for any advantage. And then if I graduate, GPA, SAT and grades turn into salaries, square feet for your apartment, and however many miles per gallon your car can do. 

I'm sick of it all. There is no kindness in this world. Everybody's out to get each other, and this isn't paranoia. This is a fact. Camaraderie is dead. Everything's a dick measuring competition. And for what?

"Have you sought help?" Interesting question. I've never told anyone that I'm actually depressed. Since it's cool and hip to be "depressed", I guess I fit right in. Anyways. I realized a long time ago that empathy is impossible. You can never truly understand how someone feels unless you lived it. All empathy is insincere unless we invent some machine that lets you transfer memories. Point is, I don't need to pay someone to fucking tell me I'm depressed or "help me through it". Besides, if I'm seen going to therapy, people will start treating me extra special cos I'm "depressed", and I don't fucking need pity. I'm vehemently opposed to meds, cos that's just lying to myself even more.

Every day I wake up in the morning and I think about the crushing workload I have, and think about all the expectations others have set on me, which in turn I've internalized. I thought I had grown initially by learning not to care. I was wrong. I cared every bit as much, I just grew apathetic to everything else I used to love. Video games come and go. Even the most carnal pleasures have no more effect on me. I didn't mature, I just grew apathetic. And somehow, I've moved past that. Fear dominates me every day of my life, and I'm sick of it. I can't live like this. I haven't felt good about myself in forever, and the one time I did, it was immediately followed by crushing waves of bad news. 

All I'd need to do is break a window and throw myself out. My fear of heights is nothing compared to the crushing pressure and fear I live through every day. My only concern is if maybe some pedestrian below would be so unfortunate to get hit by me.