Too much build up. I'm about to breakI'm not sure how long this will be. I know my problems are small compared to others, but I have no way of getting a proper sense of things. Maybe I just want to vent, but I want to start at the closes to where I think my problems started so this will be long. I should point out that I am 32 male.

I can't remember how old I was, but I know it was just before I went from Elementary school to Middle school. My dad was arrested and sentenced to prison. I wasn't told why at the time, but I eventually learned it was because he molested my sister.

Even though he did what he did my mom still let him back into our lives. He is also an alcoholic so he was very abusive. His family always gave the excuse that he drank because he was in Vietnam.

My last year of Elementary school set the tone for the rest of my school life as that was when I started to get bullied, verbally mostly but sometimes physically. I was never a popular kid but I did have some friends that became bullies. In Middle school I was eventually involved in a fight that led to me getting punished for it.

My mom got a job as a manager of a motel when I left Middle school so we moved to another city where she to stay at the motels apartment. Where my dad moved in with us, my sister has long since moved in with her boyfriend.

The motel was located near a freeway with a bar right across the street from the motel. This led to my dad drinking alot more than he normally would, It was around this time I would start having the occasional suicide thought. We stayed there a few months before my mom asked to be placed at a motel that was not so close to a bar.

We moved to another city just in time to enroll me and my twin brother in High school. I was still bullied but not to the degree as I was before, a school shooting occurred the year before so I think people were hesitant about me. My older brother also moved in to this single room apartment with his girlfriend and 6 kids.

One day my dad is drunk and starts a fight with me and my brother. He pulls my hair and I fight back. My mom eventually get fired from this job.

Several years later I'm out of High school and working at a warehouse. My sister has three kids with her now ex boyfriend and living with a new boyfriend. My dad recently got out of jail again and ends up working at the same warehouse I'm at and eventually with me. I eventually lose out on an office job for this company because he told the office after the asked him that I was not interested in that job.

Years later It's just me, my twin brother, and my mom. Dad is in jail again and is getting out in a few months, I've been writing him telling him not to come live with us again, but I will give him some money to get a motel. Sister is living with her now husband, we are there to visit.

Eventually my mom starts to complain that she might have to let him back in just to make things easier with cash. Sister is opposed to this which leads to an argument where Sister asks "Why did you let him back in after what he did?" Moms answer "Because these boys needed a father."

Every time things would work out well for us she would let him back in, and things would become hell again. So when she said that it turned into my fault that everything falls apart. That same day I got into an argument with her about that exact quote. I told her "You are the one who has done everything, He has done nothing, so why do we really need him around?" she didn't answer and kept deflecting.

The day comes when Dad gets out, he has the money I've been sending him. Our house consist of me, my twin brother, Mom, my Older brothers 3 kids. I have a well paying job, Twin is also working, Mom works at a new motel and collects SSI as guardian of my mentally challenged nephew. So we have enough to support us.

That night Twin gets a call from the police of the city Dad was dropped off in. Turns out instead of going to a motel he goes to stay with his cousin who he rarely gets along with. They get drunk and Dad gets thrown out. He goes to the old house of one of his deceased cousins and disturbs the new owner who politely gets him to leave. Dad is then attacked by a gang and severely beaten (Is it wrong that this makes me smile) and robbed.

Twin tells mom about this and eventually leads to Dad moving in with us again. He then applies for SSI and gets approved for it. I lose my job but luckily get a new job quickly. Unfortunately the owner of the house sold it to someone who wanted us out. So we moved again and ended up losing Twins dog when she ran away while moving.

Our new household now has Me, Twin, Mom, Niece, Nephew1, Nephew2, Cousin, and Dad. We are having items disappear and Cousin and Dad are blaming each other. I have been losing weigh which I have been trying to do, but also having bruises appear all over.

I'm eventually hospitalized and diagnosed with a treatable form of leukemia. My mom has lost her motel job, so she is at least in a position to help me if I need. I'm able to go back to work, but another cousin asked to borrow my car one day so I was dropped off and need to wait to be picked up.

Dad is the one who picks me and Twin up, and he hits another car. Police are called my car gets impound and he is arrested. Getting my car out led to us having to use rent money which ends up putting us behind for the first time in 3 years of living there.

I'm eventually fired and am stuck at home with Dad. Which eventually explodes into a fist fight after he made inappropriate comments to my niece. He is then leaves and I haven't seen him since. My older nephew and cousin cause problems which led to us being kicked out of the house.

Niece, Nephew1, and Nephew2 move in with their mom. Me, Mom, and Twin move into a motel. Twin and Mom both have work until the end of the year when Mom loses her job. She decides to move in with her boyfriend who also lives in another city. Twin and I stay in the motel until he loses his job and we decide to move to the same city Mom lives in. Twin gets a job immediately, I have to get a new doctor to prescribe my medication, while also looking for a job that I never get.

One year later, Mom has an argument with her boyfriend and stays with us in his old trailer. He wants us out but his stuff is here so instead of just worrying about our stuff she wants to pack up his stuff first. I ask her why does she have to do his stuff he needs to get it himself. This leads to her blaming us for him being angry.

32 years of all the anger I had for her not telling him no, finally came out. I told her how every time I had plans and money set aside to finally get out, she would ask me for some money to help her pay her car, phone, or whatever she needed, and how I would do it because "I was not raised by HIM!"

Now she talking about living on the streets and I'm thinking "I want out, I'm done." I'm tired of having everything I try to fix fall apart. I'm tired of everything blamed on me just because I don't have a job.

Argument is done I'm sitting here typing, and as soon as Twin goes to work I will be left here alone. I'm tired of being the reason things go wrong. I don't want them to have a reason anymore.

TLDR; 32 years have been harder on me than I thought.