I literally have no reason to continue living, and I'm only still alive because I'm too afraid of deathMy life is pointless, and I have no future. I have zero social skills, and I can't work. Teachers and classmates bullied me so much, I did literally ran away from school in the 9th grade, and then had been homeschooled for 3 years. I failed university 3 times in a row, and not even because I was stupid, but because I just can't go to some place every day, sitting for 6 hours and trying to learn. I can't interact with other people normally.

I tried to go to mental health professionals, but that was just a waste of our family's money. 2 years of medical treatment, using like 5 or 6 different drugs, didn't worked at all, and just made me overweight. All therapists only made me rage-quit, because they either blamed me for all of my problems (and most likely was right, but it's too hard to admit), or tried to psychologically manipulate me (or, more likely, I am just so paranoid, that I always percept it that way).

Now I'm just a 21 year old leech, living with my mom. We are conflicting almost every day, and I always the reason of that. I'm yelling at her for every "inappropriate" thing she says, even though she just wants to help me. Because of me she is always tired and have constant headaches. Not to mention, that she also has my little brother, who is only 14. Her life will be million times better without me.

Most of the time I just sitting in the internet, watching Youtube or reading Reddit. I'm so socially anxious, that I'm even afraid of reading a responces to my comments and posts. Also I'm a selfish hypocrite, who pretends to care about ather people, but actually just tries to protect himself. I'm such a terrible person, that reading how Coronavirus continues to spread and kill people, actually one of the few things that makes me feel entertained. I literally see the world around me not as a part of my life, but as a some kind of TV series, I'm constantly watching. And this TV series is boring and pointless.

The worst part is that I can't end it. I want to die, but I don't want to kill myself, and don't want to feel pain. The only thing I'm capable of is just hoping that one day I will go to sleep and will just newer wake up. I'm so worthless, that I have preferred years of constant suffering to just a very short timeframe of agony.