I picked up the blade again tried to cut myself to take out my frustration, didn’t work, it was either not sharp enough or my willl to hurt myself was not enoughNov 29
I picked up the blade again tried to cut myself to take out my frustration, didn’t work, it was either not sharp enough or my willl to hurt myself was not enough , I thought i was doing ok until I realized i was not ok, i want to end it all but i dont want to do it myself ,idk how i feel at all, idk anything idk what i am feeling and it’s frustrating i am hating everything i lost all my motivation i cant even get help idk i am sorry i don’t see why i am writing this idk. 

I cant talk to anyone, my bsf has schizophrenia, i dont want to bother her, my other bsf have their own life, i never get advice from either of them because it does not help, and thats okay bc not everyone knows how to help its not their fault, my family makes fun of me wanting to die, my mom smiled and laughed when she found out i cut myself for the second time telling me “what would people tell me”, all they care about is what people would think, my school said they will get my a therapist, never did, i was told “ its ur age, everyone feels like that”, yes i am aware of that, but will it go away? Its been 3 years, ik everything takes time but i have been waiting too long. All i want is for my parents to appreciate me, i love them i am grateful for everything they have done for me but is it that hard to say “ i am proud of you” , my dad said “ u are a student,u should not have a life outside of school”. I do my best but its always not enough.

What do i do? I am too young to feel like this, other people have it way worse, i shouldnt feel like this bc i am just a kid, i don’t know anymore, my problems arent big enough for me to be like this. Words dont work anymore,no matter how much they say they care they dont until its too late, i have no idea how i feel, i am confused. I have tried everything, talking to adults? Done that, being productive, trying to find things that i love, distractions? Done that,I dont know anymore, i want everything to get worse bc i dont wanna go through it all, i told myself that it got better, u have learned not to listen to others, but i was wrong, i bottled it up, now its coming back, and its going to ruin me. I cant talk to my friends because they never have any solution. But thats okay bc i never expect any help, ik it cant be helped, or do i even wanna be helped, i cant figure myself out idk how exactly i feel i feel this i feel that idk what to do, do i show my feelings? Do i hid them? What will help? Do i bottle it up again? What do i do? I feel guilty, i am sorry i wasted ur time, i don’t expect anything from this i am simply just putting my feelings here i am sorry