I don't want to live like this but dying is scaryThis is hard to write but lately life has seen hopeless, everything that made me happy is gone.  I had been with my dream girlfriend for a few years, the kind of girl I had always dreamed of being with, until we got in an argument and she decided she didn't want to try to talk out our problems and just leave.  She left me right before Christmas over text, and got with another person on my birthday (new years).  She was my reason to live and work hard, my greatest fantasy and motivator I would think of when trying to push myself to succeed was the thought of the two of us starting a family in the future.  I don't have that dream anymore, so I feel like I have nothing to live for.  It's hard imagining being with another person, and instead of recovering a little each day I think more and more about just ending it.  


What doesn't help is that I live alone at my University, and while I have friends I don't see them much (despite them knowing of my situation) due to their heavy academic workloads and fraternity obligations.  It's very difficult to reach out to other people as well because of the Greek dominated social climate on my campus, sure there are some clubs but they met rather infrequently and only emcompass a small variety of interests (though I have joined some of the ones I can).  I try to go to bars alone but most people don't entertain meaningful conversations with total strangers, so the best form of interaction I get regularly is playing VR Chat and trying to make friends on that.  I see the parties and events my friends go to...  And I would do just about anything to be able to have fun like them.  But I'm a Junior and don't come from money, so joining a fraternity isn't a realistic option.


I haven't been to class all week and stopped working out, I hope to try and start again though.  I don't have much of an appetite and things just aren't fun anymore...  All I can think about is her and how I wish I could have just one more day having her to keep me company and help my hurt.  I relied on her for everything because I believed her when she said she wouldn't leave...  Honestly one of the only things keeping me going is the thought she might come back, because she herself said she could see us being together again in the future.  I also try to think about how sad I was when my friend killed himself in his childhood, the new video games and music I'd miss out on, all of that...  Also that maybe one day I will have a family and a loving wife like I've dreamed.  I just feel so trapped like I've died already, like I'm walking down death row or something.  I just wish something good would happen, that someone would really show they care... I know people would be sad if I died, but I wish someone would message me asking how my day was, or something like that.  I just hate living this lonely life and having to live without the one thing that made me happy.  It gets me down how I get no sincere matches on Tinder and no replies on OKCupid, I don't feel unloveable but I'm kinda slipping back into hating myself and feeling hopeless...