Fuck invisible illlnessesChronic Depression, Fibromyalgia, Irritable Bowel Syndrome (IBS) and Heat Intolerance. So basically I’m severely depressed, everything hurts literally all the time, my body is constantly trying to make me literally shit myself and my body can no longer regulate my temperature whatsofuckingever; What a fucking joke. I literally have no control over my body at all. I feel absolutely vile in my own skin, completely unfeminine and utterly doomed. I can’t eat or drink what I want because it triggers my IBS, I can’t go on spontaneous trips and adventures because of my fibromyalgia, and fuck wearing the clothes I actually want to wear because as soon as I step into anywhere above 68 degrees I’m drenched in sweat. And the shittiest part of it all? Nobody knows that I’m genuinely ill until I verbalize it to them. If you saw me in public you wouldn’t know I have to take several prescription medications to quasi function in public. You’d probably think I’m an overly sweaty young woman who’s seemingly very impatient, very uncomfortable and in a rush to go somewhere (99.9% of the time it’s to the nearest bathroom). So most of the time people think I’m being a dick when in actuality I’m desperately just trying to get home so I can deal with my embarrassing pain alone. 

I look in the mirror every day and try to believe all of my affirmations about self love and patience but I loathe who I see in the mirror. She’s literally the only reason I’ve had to give up all of my hobbies and pleasures. My passion for food and beverage dissipated once I realized that taking swig of water too quickly was enough to completely disrupt my body and make me feel ill for the rest of the day. I can’t work anymore because my bowels are having spasms all day that literally imitate the exact feeling of needing to shit yourself so I have to rush to the bathroom whenever the urge comes because I never know if my body is serious or if it’s just screwing with me (that’s what it does most of the time but I still have to react). My IBS also causes frequent bouts of nausea, stomach cramping and sharp abdominal pain throughout the day. I don’t have very much energy anymore due to my fibromyalgia so I can’t go out at random with friends or engage in a lot of my favorite hobbies (which were cooking and baking, dammit) but my heat intolerance plays a big role in constant lack of energy as well so they basically go hand and hand. 

My depression is a direct result of the pure cluster-fuck that is my body and life. All I’ve ever  really wanted in life is consistency, but with my health I know I’ll never obtain it. My entire existence feels forced, confusing and painful. I’m overwhelmingly unhappy and distressed but we live in a world where happiness doesn’t mean jack. “Life over everything” It doesn’t matter how fucked up, empty and draining that life is, all that matters is keeping said life alive. My doctors giving me the run around with tests and bloodwork that essentially just prolong my pain and suffering and suggesting I “find new hobbies and interests” like it’s the easiest thing to do even though you’ve been forced give up everything you ever loved and cherished. 

They say taking your life is selfish, that it’s a “permanent solution for a temporary problem.” Well what about people who’s problems aren’t temporary? Why is it selfish for me to want to end my pain and suffering but it isn’t selfish for others to demand that I keep “fighting” and “pushing forward.” What about my happiness? What about my pain and my struggles? Why is living through years of pain and absolute misery supposedly better than not living at all? Why am I selfish for being sick and tired of being sick and fucking tired!? 

I hate this worlds logic and I hate that I don’t have any other choice but to listen. I didn’t ask to be born in this world but here I am, alive and the absolute and complete opposite of doing well. Everyday it feels more and more difficult to get out of of bed and those soft voices telling me to make a prescription cocktail and end it all are just getting louder and more aggressive. 

I hate my life. I hate myself. I hate my health. 

Fuck invisible illnesses.