I’m a failure at everything I doAs we approach the end of the year I can’t help but look back on all my life failures. I don’t want to bore anyone with my story so I’ll try to keep it short: ever since I was a sophomore in high school I wanted to write. I studied and honed my craft through high school and college before getting my degree a couple of years ago. That same year I got an internship at a start-up that abused me as an employee and I ended up quitting to find a closer job near me. There are no writing jobs close to home so I had to work graveyard at a market while writing my first novel and applying for my Masters. During this time my mom went into cardiac arrest and existed in a vegetative state for two years before passing away this past June. Around this same time my dad also needed open heart surgery and I was forced to quit my job to take care of him. I’m 26 now and I’ve written three books, a bunch of short stories and poems too. All of them have seen nothing but rejection no matter how much I polish or edit. 

Every time I can’t seem to make some kind of step forward in my goal of becoming an author, I break down. I used to think that I would teach at a college level but I couldn’t get into my dream school and I’ve been lead to believe that I’m not really cut out to be a teacher. Everyone I’ve told my story to has given me the same responses: to get a day job doing something else, which I did, but I haven’t had a job with a good enough income to support myself and the idea of working a job that I’m not passionate about seems counterintuitive. They also tell me that I was naive to think that a degree would be enough to get me anywhere professionally, but that does nothing for my current predicament and all anybody ever tells you is to follow your passions, which is what I did. 

I see no hope for myself. If I could kill myself I would but I’m afraid of hurting my girlfriend, my dad, my nieces and my sister. I struggled through five years of college to come out a failure, unable to sustain myself and I’m afraid that by the middle of 2020 I’ll be dead because I won’t have the strength to carry myself or my idiotic dreams.