I don't want to do anything. Seriously I don't care anymore please kill me off 

Manchild here - I think that technology tried to be good then turned out evil and we sold ourselves for convenience which is money ahead of long term planning. My life is totally fucked beyond. Pretty sure that I have vultures circles me to prop me up and then slowly leech off me so I don't break the laws of mathematics because mathematics seem to govern this universe and mother nature is extremely cruel because life must have been cruel for her from the start. That is the only explanation. We are all slaves to society and money and the top elite of the elites that control the world and they have been here longer than we have or ever will be.

I wish I could join my grandfather and grandmother and I wish I was never born because I can't live out my fantasies because I have to live out my fantasies on the internet rather than real life.

I don't blame mothers but why did she had to give existence to me? Didn't she think long term or did she fall into the same trap of life of having more things and fell into the same fantasy trap as everyone else of having kids? My life is completely empty/void and meaningless. She does all these things for what? For another generation to suffer and follow the same footstep? I feel like I am being watched and controlled. Everything has been done and the people that came before me and us had all the fun in the world but we can't live in the fantasy world forever because mother nature doesn't allow it -well it doesn't allow us to turn fantasies into reality because it doesn't want us to fall into the comfort trap. I actually want to be as comfortable as possible but I don't want to do anything. Seriously I don't care.

For the longest time I have been here, I noticed that we are all in the matrix and I believe that it's big sister or sisters that's watching over us. Whether it's socialist or a capitalist. We are slaves to money which is a method of controlling men for their desires and mother nature seems to ensure that we don't fall far too deep into the comfort trap which is why diseases/war/crime/corruption was introduced because it was used to reduce the suffering but by reducing the suffering you are making things worse not better in the long run and I think that the people that did this before, knew this which is why society is being perfected down to the last person.

I don't see the point in having kids long term or let alone doing anything or socializing. It doesn't do anything other than feed the vultures that want to prop people up and then slowly leech life out of them until there is no individuality left. Taking words into literal context and these sickos who are basically androids are doing things and the world in absolutes and pushing more and more content but pushing more and more content leads to corruption and it doesn't necessarily mean better so when is this insanity going to ever end? When will we ever end our dependence on money and god? I don't want to live in this extremely diverse because there is a thing as too diverse.  Less is more.