im so fucking sick of being hereI dont want to be live. I hate everything. I hate myself. I'm so annoying to everyone. Im so fucking selfish and i dont know why or how to stop it. everyday that i get up i hurt people more. im incapable of talking about anything except my mental illnesses and all i do is complain. people get tired of you being sick and sad. and then they leave. i have one friend but i cant talk to her about whats going on because she gets upset. she gets annoyed because she says she doesnt know what i want her to say but i dont even need her to say anything i just want literally anyone to listen so i feel like someone cares. but she just wants me to listen to her talk about boys and clothes and stupid stuff and i do so i dont lose her again but its so fucking lonely. people only care after you die. ive reached out to everyone and then they get tired of helping. but i know when i die then theyll suddenly claim they cared and would have done anything to keep me alive. fucking bullshit. i would still kill myself if someone was here because i just genuinely want to die but still it would help. im not killing myself because of current feelings and problems that could potentially change. im killing myself because i genuinely dont want to be here. nothing could get me to stay. even if i was happy and not depressed i wouldnt want to be here. i just dont feel made for life. maybe im just self centered but i dont understand why everything has to be the way that it is. you never get anything you want. if i absolutely had to stay alive, i would want to lay in bed and sleep all day and do a bunch of drugs. but i cant do that shit. i have to go to school and work my fucking ass off being miserable everyday just so i can go to college and do the same thing, so i can get a job and do the same thing just to survive and not be homeless. it sucks so much. and right now im failing out of high school and might have to drop out, which means i will have to get a minimum wage job and work all day. my mom says she sees me ending up dead or a homeless drug addict. shes not wrong. im miserable enough as it is already i cant stand the thought of it getting worse. it keeps getting worse and worse. i thought i would die when i attempted suicide in january and i was miserable but man i was so ready to go. but guess what? it failed. and then i attempted suicide 10-20 more times since. slitting my wrists, hanging, etc. failed every time. and after each time, life got worse. ive been in the hospital twice in the past year. it doesnt fucking help. it literally traumatized me and i still get nightmares about it. i got attacked by a homicidal girl and watched a girl slit her wrists in front of me and get yelled at and treated horribly by the staff. i didnt even have therapy. and people think these places help. i dont want to go back there i want to succeed this time i want it to work. i cant take this life anymore. everyday i wake up and live the same day over and over again. get up before the sun rises, suffer through school, go home and have my mom yell at me for failing, try to do some homework while sobbing about how i want to die, shower (if i get lucky and have the energy), then go to bed and cry for hours. get a few hours of sleep and do it over again. the only things that help are self harm and drugs. but now my parents check my whole body for cuts and drug test me every week so i cant even use those. im only happy when im drunk or high. every waking second is miserable and painful. i dont see why i should stay alive when im so ready to die. i really hope i wont be here much longer