I have no idea how to deal with my best friend's suicidal thoughts anymoreRecently, I've been really overwhelmed with my best friend. I always knew she had clinical depression and thoughts about suicide, but now it gets too much for me.

I'm an almost 17 years old girl and she's 24. I can't do much except write with her, because she lives ~200km away in another state. I feel so powerless, because I can't go to her and just give her a hug...but I gave my best and always stayed by her side, even if it is via social media. 

The last days, something was a bit different. Yesterday and Today, she blocked me on all social media to "protect me". She also blocked every other contact.  She never reacted like that. Even at her worst times. Some months ago, when she also wanted to commit suicide, she didn't block me and talked with me.

At this point, I think I should give you a bit background information. I'm trying to keep it short, because it's a very long story, so I'm leaving out a lot of details.

Last year, she broke with her long-term boyfriend of 5 years up. She fell in love with her male best friend and tried a relationship with him, but they didn't match and broke up. The reason why she fell in love with him was because her long-term boyfriend almost treated her like her parents like taking out his stress from work on her (he didn't beat her and he apologized, but it was already too late). 
Her parents are both alcoholics and her mother is a narcissist, so she had a very rough childhood. Her mother always manipulated her and later her boyfriend. Because of her mother, they both grew dependant on each other. In my opinion, you could call their relationship unhealthy. They both drag each other down, because they are both individuals with low self-esteem and are way too dependant of each other. She also thinks she owes him her life, because he prevented her suicide (she planned to kill herself after her 18th birthday)

After the break-up, her boyfriend insulted her and threatened with suicide to get her back. He later apologized and then tried to get her back, but my best friend didn't want to get together with him, because she had to deal with stress at school for her finals and with her depression. He told her that he can't wait forever and later said that he found another woman that he likes.

This triggered her first suicide attempt. I tried to talk with her and stayed by her side. When it didn't get better, I talked with her other best friend and he called then the police. They sent her to the ER and she got stronger medication.

Everything got better, her ex-boyfriend told her he just wanted to make her jealous and it got quiet for a while. 

This month, everything got worse. She always stayed in contact with her ex, but suddenly, he told her that he doesn't love her anymore. Later they met again and she told me that they kissed and had sex. 
A few days ago, he blocked her and told her he doesn't want to hurt her anymore. She was devastated, but he unblocked her a few days later.

She talked to a lot of other friends for advice and was determined to fight for him. I also tried to support her, even if I'm not fond of their relationship. She wanted to talk with him on Tuesday about their future, their feelings and that they should try to be happy without being dependant on the other person.

Yesterday, we talked about how she could make herself happy like finding a new hobby. Everything was okay, but suddenly, she told me that she wants to give up and it's useless to fight. Shortly after the topic of the conversation changed, she blocked me and every other contact on her list. I wrote her male best friend immediately, who told her parents and called the police. The police came, but they didn't sent her to the ER this time. Her friend stayed over the night, she unblocked me (I didn't write her to let her calm down) and it got a little better.

Today, I decided to write her, because I was concerned about her.  We had a normal conversation, even if she was still depressed. This changed immediately when her male best friend leaved, because he needed to visit relatives in another city. 
She told me how she wanted to kill her mother and then herself, so her ex-boyfriend could be finally happy. I tried to calm her down, but then she blocked me again on social media and told me she gives up and wished me farewell.
Again, I reached to her best friend, who gave me her parent's number. I explained them the situation and they thanked me, but I think they blocked me after that.

I'm really really scared what will happen now. She wrote me two hours ago and didn't seem very happy that I told her parents about her suicidal intent. I didn't have a chance to answer her, because she blocked me immediately after she messaged me.

I don't know what will happen now and I'm so scared...I'm scared that she isn't alive anymore and I will never see her again. We wanted to meet each other next week! 
I don't know how to cope with everything...my heart beats like crazy, as if I ran a marathon, and I just want to cry.  She is my best friend since almost 4 years, I always tried to help her, even if I just listened. When I had my stupid teenage problems, she was also there for me and understood me.
I thought I got pretty good at dealing with her depression, but now it's just too much for me. I feel so stupid. Why did I message her today? I knew that she still felt depressed! 
I feel so guilty, even if I didn't to anything wrong...but there's a little voice in my head that says it's my fault. 

I just....don't know what to do. I never felt so desperate, weak and scared.
