I feel VERY bad today. My suicidal thoughts are about as bad as they've ever been. I made some tiny progress lately but it's all come crashing back down and I feel like I could just call it quits right here and nowI think I'm gonna probably text the 741741 number but I feel guilty texting them because they always seem to be trying to push through and get to the next person. I don't feel comfortable calling the 1-800 suicide hotline.


Like I said I made tiny tiny tiny tiny tiny progress but it's about 1 step forward and 15 steps back. I live with alcoholic parents in a terrible house and they both just got new jobs so now i see them way more often and it just triggers the hell out of me to even be around them but I can't do anything else. I've been spending a lot of time at the library or at friends' houses to stay away from them but there's only so much that can do. It's to the point that I'd seriously consider living in my car if it weren't so cold here in Wisconsin already.


I tried yet another med change really recently that has of course done nothing. It's number a million and *that's* to the point that I'm seriously considering cold turkey-ing all 4 of my meds and just being done with it.



I have almost 3 weeks until my next therapy appointment and I'm pretty sure he hates me anyway. He tried to get me kicked out of the clinic for (accidentally) no-showing an appointment and my psychiatrist stuck up for me and said I needed to stay. But now I'm not gonna be comfortable talking to this therapist but I refuse to try another one because he's already number 6 or 7 I can't even remember for sure.



Also I fucked up, totally my fault no excuses and now I'm gonna be completely financially destitute for at least a month. My account is overdrawn and I'm not gonna be able to afford my phone bill. My only real friends live far away so if I don't have my phone plan I won't be able to talk to any of them most of the time I'm not at home (and again I try to be at home as little as possible).



I've been self-harming again a lot and one injury I'd even consider seeing a doctor for if I could afford the $50 copay for convenient care. I didn't mean for it to be as serious a burn as it is but it happened. Just trying to first-aid it myself as well as I can, but ironically still self-harming in other places. My body will be stuck with scars for life, on top of the stretch marks I'm stuck with which brings me to my next point:



My weight. I'm literally obese. My BMI is about 32. I fluctuate between 230 and 240lbs. Back years ago when I was healthy and liked my body those numbers were 170 and 180. 60 pounds just from emotional binge eating and an absolute inability to exercise consistently because when I try I get hyperaware of my weight and just stop and cry. Then I probably go home and hurt myself and ironically binge eat.



On top of everything I've been talking more and more to this old friend and was finally able to meet up with her for coffee (we see each other maybe once a year) which seems great but im starting to have some feelings develop for her again and knowing they'll never be reciprocated I know the best thing to do is distance myself from her, but she's one of the biggest support systems for me. There's no good way to handle this situation. And yes the chances of her feeling the same are 0, she and I have already been through this. Not that this is such a big problem but on top of everything else it feels like it.