I think today is the dayI don’t really have a proper way to say this so it’d I ramble I’m sorry. Basically EVERYTHING is going wrong- my classes and my family, my friends and my girlfriend ALL of it is crumbling down. I’m failing all of my classes since I have no motivation to do any of my fucking classes and I can’t understand any of the work even when I try to do it. My mom fucking and I hate her too and I don’t want to live with her anymore (I guess I just don’t want to live anyways) I’m actually so stupid and the worst human being ever. My friends seem to be loosing interest in me- they have new, nicer, smarter, prettier friends, and my girlfriend.. Where do I start with her.. I love her- I love her so much. However, sometimes I feel she doesn’t think I love her or that she doesn’t love me back. I’ve always been very paranoid so take what I say with a grain of salt but I just get the feeling she had me around cus she’s lonely and has no one else for her. Which, she does have others around her but she told me that she doesn’t care about and I guess I’ve always beloved her but what if she’s lying to me? What if she doesn’t care about me? She never refers to be as her girlfriend and we’ve been dating for like a month. Am I an embarrassment to her? I don’t really know anymore- I just get a feeling that she doesn’t actually like me and is just lonely and desperate. I say some things and she interprets it incorrectly and goes on rants on why I don’t care about her and says some, while not mean, unsavory things behind my back to all her “friends”. She’s also explicitly told me that she wants to not care about anything and hate everyone so there’s that. I just feel used. Again I’m extremely paranoid and if YOU my girlfriend actually for some reason see this now that I’m not mad at you I just want you to be nicer to me, I know we are both like EXTREMELY mentally ill but you can’t be a jerk to others just because your mentally ill. I know it’s hard and you make mistakes and that’s ok! But please stop hurting me. Where was I? Ah yes, I think I’m gonna slit my wrists, it’s gonna hurts but I deserve it- I’m a bad girlfriend, I’m dumb and ugly and mean and basically the worst. I just want to die like right now, right now, right now.