I’m Going Through Hell, In Need of Kind Words &amp; SupportBuckle up kiddos, this is one helluva ride.

This mostly started back in September ‘18. I got an apartment with a girl I met through work. We were basically joined at the hip ever since we met and became close friends very quickly. I was in a bad living situation (mentally abusive *now ex* bf,) and she was homeless, so I suggested we find a place together since we got along so well.

Fast forward a bit to December ‘18. I started really eating it with bills, because I’d been covering a pretty large portion of her rent/utilities/etc. on top of my portion. I mentioned it to her several times, and even gave an ultimatum of me signing my name off the lease. She begged me not to, and said she’d improve- so I didn’t.


Right before Christmas, my bank account was met with a lot of fraudulent activities. I lost $5k that I didn’t have to begin with. Bank told me to call the police, police said the bank should handle it. So I now owe my bank $5k.


Right after Christmas I lost my job, and since I was an independent contractor I couldn’t claim unemployment. While I was frantically looking for a new job, my roommate would just stay home from work, or take my car without asking to drive 30-45 mins one way to her job, and back. She never helped with gas/car payments/insurance. We started falling out and talking a lot less, she avoided talking about finances at all.


In the beginning of February, we got evicted. She’d attempted suicide 2 days before we were supposed to move out. And her parents were too busy with their trip to Hawaii to come help out. So I ended up packing all of her stuff and cleaning up the mess from her attempt. (She slit her throat in bed.) While packing her things I noticed a lot of my things tucked away under her things. Stuff that I thought I’d misplaced or maybe sold to Plato’s Closet and forgot about. I never mentioned it to her, but that hurts, because we were so close at one point. She literally could have asked me for any of what she stole and I probably would have said yes.


We still owe that complex $2k. And I can’t fathom her being responsible enough to even confess to me that she can’t make the payment let alone make payments to them.


I ended up moving back in with my mom, and got myself a job shortly after. However, this isn’t a good living situation for me either, as my mom and I have a very strained relationship. And most 12 year olds these days have more freedom than I do. So I’ve been desperately trying to save up to move out &amp; in with my current bf (22M.)


Last Wednesday (2/27/19) I crashed my car on my way to work due to snow and the roads being icy. Thankfully I had full coverage and my dad is letting me borrow his car, but my deductible is $2k. And the day after I got a letter from my bank, with notice of default/intent to repo. my car, if I can’t pay $615 before 3/19/19.


I started speaking with a lawyer about filing to claim bankruptcy, because I’m in so deep at this point I’d rather have that on my credit report than have my credit keep plummeting like it has been. The fees for this total out to roughly $1.6k, which to me is definitely worth the $10k’s of debt I’m drowning in.


My depression hasn’t been this bad in years, and my anxiety is at its all time high. I’ve had more suicidal thoughts than I can count, and I just feel so overwhelmed and helpless. I don’t want pity, I’m mainly just venting, because this has been the hardest few months of my life I’ve ever experienced. 


I really just need kind words, because it seems all my friends have to say is “That sucks, I’m sorry. Hang in there.” And I really need more than that right now. I feel so alone, and tired of life. I feel like I’m taking hit after hit after hit, and I desperately just want to catch a break. I’m on antidepressants and anti anxiety medications, but they only help so much. And I’ve consulted with my doctor about this, she doesn’t seem to take me too seriously.


So there’s my rant, any kind words/words of advice would be greatly appreciated.  


I sincerely hope you’re all doing well, thanks for reading.


Also- I’m not going to hurt myself, I’m well past that. The thoughts just are there. There’s a line between thinking and planning.