I dont think I've ever truly livedI dont even know what it means to be alive. It just feels like im existing for the sake of existing. What is the definition of being alive? Is it the same as existing? That can't be it. Living is definitely different from existing. But what is living and am I doing it. Have I ever truly lived? 

I truly dont know what im doing. Ive pretty much lived my entire life obeying my parents and desperately trying to gain their approval. I dont know what I want out of life. I cant say im looking for a purpose. I dont think life has any inherent purpose. If someone would ask me, I'd say im living for my parents. I dont know what I truly want besides death. Ive always liked the saying "taking my life" rather than the other ways of saying it. It gives me power when im in a powerless state. I am taking back my own life and I am refusing to let anyone else take control of me. The thought of myself taking my own life is almost exhilarating to me.

It feels like I am just living for someone else's benefit. I feel like education has just been a source of conditioning for me to be exploited when I grow up. Now that Im 18, I realize that I dont really have a full control over my life. I certainly need various forms of sustenance to prevent the degradation of my body. Food, water, warmth, shelter. However in this society all those that are necessary to life will require a form of exchange. I need money but how do I get money? I must work. I must work in exchange to continue to exist. It just feels quite wrong. Am I just lazy? I am able-bodied for labor so that's probably correct, but what about people who are unfit for labor? They need to exchange something for necessities according to how our society functions. Is it the fault of the unfit individuals that they cannot obtain the necessities for life? This feeling of worthlessness in society that some of them feel. Is it justified? But if they choose to attempt to take their own life, they will certainly be stopped. Why? Many people with mental/physical disabilities are ridiculed in our society and when there is no real support in our society and the only other option is to escape thru means of suicide, they are suddenly told that they matter and forced to continue living. The world just seems so sadistic.

I want to take my life, but why does someone who has never been in my shoes get to tell me not to do so? Is it not my life to take? Whose is it? Is it God's? If it is not my life to take then is it also not my life to live? I dont know if that's a logical fallacy. Why is it when someone admits that they are suicidal, it often leads to them being forcibly held against their will in a hospital and forced to comply with the authorities? Then when they are released, they are forced to pay for a service they never wanted. Why does everyone want me to live? I have been told many times by my family that I am useless and will never be able to be of significant contribution to society. I am too dumb to fucntion in the real world. So they admit that I will be of no use to society and I agree with them. If i am no use to society, then is it wrong for me to take my life? I know that if I admit to them I am sucidal, they will do whatever they can to stop me. "Think about the pain you will cause us." "Suicide is selfish and will only pass the pain onto someone else." 

It's always about someone else. Why is it never about me? Do you not want to take into account my feelings? I am always inclined to think of other people but I dont truly understand my own feelings. I attempted suicide last week without a finalized note because I did not feel my words perfectly captured my feelings. I read the draft and it did not feel like it was my own. The moments leading up to my attempt, the thought of not leaving the note felt like a good decision. I grew up always thinking about what my parents would say. What  will other people think of me? The few weeks before, I drafted my note thinking it was "the least I could do for my friends and family." They have done so much for me but when I decided not to leave the note, I felt a small inklet of freedom. "I dont have to explain why I wanted to take my life when they never listened to me." 

(Un)fortunately my attempt had failed and I am back to this never-ending cycle of insanity and hopelessness. For the past few days after my attempt, I had indulged in some minor and temporary pleasures, but i am yet again back to square one.