I constantly feel like killing myself, hate school with a passion, etcThis is an account I've made because my friends and I were comparing comment karma the other day, and I forgot that I'd posted on SW with my actual account, resulting in questions from friends when they found my comments on SW. 

Anyway, I'm really not that special, I'm like everyone on this sub. 

 I hate my life, I wake up, cry thinking about how ugly I am and how high my voice is (I have a phobia of being photographed because I'm soooo ugly) I go to school, fall sort of asleep, walk a mile and a bit in -22 degree weather to my moms work. Wait 1 and 1/2 hours till my mom is done and drives me home. 

I go home, play mortal kombat, rip people apart in gruesome ways, beat the shit out of people, consider how fucking awesome being a real martial artist would be. I do a bit of homework, play league of legends with friends, consider how much I (and about 50 percent of the games playerbase) suck at the game, think about what being a pro gamer or designer would be like(to bad I suck at programming, and actually playing games).  Do more homework and cry myself to sleep.  

Sometimes I think doing shit would be cool.  This weekend I went to a farmers market with friends (and visited the nearby outlet mall) I got accused of stealing, opened my pockets to some cash and my phone, the manager awkwardly shuffled away as my friends and I stared at him. 
I found it to be very funny.  I should have said something witty, though.
Then we went to wal mart, played basketball in the aisles, as the employees laughed and didn't give a damn.  It was the best like I actually did something very neat experience.  

But this is never the case.  I love movies, I hatched a perfect plan - get a camera - shoot videos - go to film school learn MMA, be happy or the closest emotion to happy that I can achieve.  So my mom got me a camera thinking maybe I'd stop the despair I live through. 

I loved it, noticed I can't use a DSLR properly, and now it sits on a bedside table because I can't bring myself to learn to use it, because I consider how much homework I have, but when I'm not doing homework I  destroy people on a computer screen, I don't learn how to use my camera.

This is how every idea goes for me. " I should get a hobby or something"  "No man, way too much homework." "Wow I have no homework, time to play video games". 

Anyway, my question is, why live life, it seems like a torture method before you're liberated from hell by old age or cancer.
