Attempt #346I sit in the tub smashing my head against the tile, I hope my breath will leave, I can feel it in a distant future, the relief of breath escaping lungs for the last time, and I dream of it. 
It starts as a rocking motion back and forth, back and forth, the shower is running hot and I like the way my head feels when the motion lets me slam my own head into the tiles. I want my mind to leave my body, I want to stop breathing, but the force it takes to truly lose consciousness is more than my body allows. 
This is not the last attempt, I know, simply the last one I fail. 
There is perhaps nothing more frustrating than failing at life other than failing at not living. I take deep breaths as I write this knowing why others do, knowing why some post here, knowing why anyone ever tells someone they're suicidal, for the hope that their life matters, so that they can hear someone say stay...like lovers do, stay, to be wanted or needed. But I don't have it, I don't have that want, that natural self-preservation given to us by evolution. I just want to write , to share, to leave a note that I was actually suicidal as I've idealized it so long it doesn't feel like I am...it's like I'm already dead, and everyone around me knows it...and it's simply a matter of time, but today, attempt no. 346 made me feel it again and I wanted to write about what it felt like to be alive to, feel my body, my head smash against tiles, and to not be dead yet again...because in this failed attempt I feel suicidal and not just exist as a suicidal being. 
Does anyone else get that way? Feeling the difference between being sucidal and feeling suicidal? That fine line before you attempt, feeling the rush of sadness, grief, and dispare before you're numb to it again and lose all will to live only to continue to exist as simply a sucidal person. 

Signed, perpetually planning the perfect sucessful suicide. 

I don't need anyone to tell me life is worth it, please save that for people with hope...I just wanted to bask in this feeling, before I'm numb again, counting down the days to being able to afford a more permanent solution. 

Cheers mates.