My view on suicide as I agedNot currently suicidal, I have been on meds for a while and been going to therapy which have helped towards pushing those thoughts away. I wanted to just put my thoughts out there so I could get some feedback, and this is the only place I could think of that it wouldn't be so... out of place/I'd rather it be in a safer place. I also just started seeing a new therapist, and I want to digest this before I go see her so my thoughts are more developed.

When I was in 7th to 9th grade, my thoughts of suicide came mostly out of anger, like I wanted the world to pay by using my corpse and suicide note as ammo (mostly due to lack of control, thinking that suicide was my final say)

When it became 10th it changed into this weird 'suicide is illogical' which came from me bottling up my emotions which worked for a while. I still had the thoughts of using myself as ammo, just a new way to stop myself, an emotional wall really.

Once I hit the 12th grade, I had a nagging voice in the back of my head that was basically a pessimistic asshole who would point out the flaws in everything, especially me. It would make me feel so guilty, for not only thinking of others so horribly, but also by making me think of all of my previous mistakes. It really added fuel to the upcoming fire

Around junior year of college, I just broke down after a nasty breakup, the emotional walls I had previously broke, and I just lost the energy to get out of bed. I thought about suicide, but I just didn't have the energy at the time. Once I had partially regained my energy, I wanted to commit suicide, and then I would start picturing methods, aftermath, the cleanup and finally my parents, my family and friends mourning, and I felt that I just couldn't do that to them. The same strings I wanted to use as a child to get back at the world with were now holding me back as I pictured their mourning. I remember trying to write a thank you note to a friend that suddenly became a suicide note and just sobbing.

After getting help, and staying up way too late tonight, I'm wondering if my old suicidal thoughts stayed with me all the way, or if they changed as I changed. The transition from angry to sad seemed a bit... odd