I don't hate myself, I don't hate life, I just can't stand the crippling loneliness anymore.I'm 21 and I live with my parents and go to a local college. I have absolutely no friends. I haven't had a full conversation with anyone outside my family in the three years since high school ended. In high school I only had one friend and a few friendly acquaintances. It was a one-way friendship where she only talked to me if there was nobody better around. I haven't spoken to her in 2 years now.

For a long time, I liked being alone. I am extremely introverted and being around people is exhausting. But it is too much now. I have absolutely no hope of ever finding someone to make a deep connection with. I have lots of weird world views and I cannot relate to anybody, especially not people my age. I feel utterly hopeless. I don't even remember how to talk to people, and I don't see how I will even be able to make a friend or get a boyfriend. I live in a wealthy area near NYC where the overwhelming majority of people my age are obsessed with the way they look and partying. And almost every nerdy guy I've encountered in my major only wants a pretty girl with traditional views to treat as a sex object (probably because they are redditors, the reddit community is disgustingly misogynistic). 

I feel like the ultimate outcast. I don't see any purpose of life other than loving and helping the people around you. When you cannot even communicate with another human being, there is absolutely no reason to stay alive. I just can't deal with it anymore. I've been an outcast since I was 12, almost 10 years. There is no hope for me and there is no point in drawing this out any longer. 

I've tried therapy before for depression, and it didn't help at all. They gave me some pills that turned me into an emotionless zombie. Talk therapy has been absolutely useless because NOBODY CAN RELATE to someone who hasn't spoken to another human in 3 years, no matter how many degrees they have. 

I started slowly selling my books and other possessions online, and I'm going to have to start de-personalizing my room so my parents won't be so upset. I'm going to at least wait until this semester is over. I figured I would post here to see if anyone has been in a similar situation and has some advice. As I said in the title, I don't hate myself, the world or other people. I just can't take being completely isolated anymore.