I feel like I just missed out on my future.I'm a high school freshmen. I believe I have had issues with depression and social anxiety (I have never got an official diagnosis, as I never talk to anyone about this kind of stuff) pretty much since the fifth grade. But I have never felt as hopeless and close to actually doing it in my whole life as of right now. 

Last year, I actually "came out of my shell" if you will, and have some friends who I like to sit with and play xbox with and whatever. I got in a group chat with a girl I knew, and we started talking. I kind of had a crush on this girl. In my mind, chatting over Instagram is NOT a good way to get to know people, but I was hoping that maybe I could eventually build up the nerve to talk to her at lunch. But then she asked me to go to homecoming with her. I should have just said no, but naive, stupid me thought that I could just change my entire personality over one week. I sat with her at lunch from then on leading up to homecoming, only having one really awkward "conversation" with her, stumbling over my words and looking down. 

Oh, and that's the other thing. I have a huge problem with making eye contact. It just makes me so uncomfortable, even with my close family. 

Anyway, homecoming night came, and, no surprise, it was a trainwreck. We just stood against a wall most of the time, talking. And when she asked me if I wanted to dance, I said no, and just stood awkwardly by the side while she danced with her friends. At the time, I didn't want to dance because I would just make a fool of myself, but now I think literally anything would be way better than just standing by the side. Hell, even if I looked like an idiot I could have passed it off as funny or something like that. If I could go back in time, this is the one thing I would change. 
After homecoming, I was so embarrassed I stopped speaking with or texting her. I hated myself so much, but I tried telling myself "oh, whatever. We weren't even close to being together or anything like that, so I don't care." No. I cared profusely, I was just lying to myself. First off, she is just so beautiful and has an amazing personality, and I just let her go, even though she had an interest in me (maybe), just because I can't get over this godforsaken anxiety and constant embarassment. And second, my failure with her represented the fact that I will NEVER get a girlfriend. 

My birthday is coming up. Maybe I'll end my life then. Make it nice and organized, a full 15 years, not a day more. The only two things holding me back are I have no quick, painless way of doing it available to me right now, and the thought of how my mom, dad, and brother would feel. It's unbearable. Maybe I'll just make it look accidental. Less awful to them that way. 

I just wish I could go back to when I was younger. Restart my life, relive some of my warmest, happiest memories, avoid mistakes. Or maybe I wish I had just never been born at all.

It is somewhat therapeautic to anonymously vent here. If you read the whole thing, thanks, I know there was a lot.