I feel so trappedHi, first off, thank you for reading this. I gotta talk to someone about all of this. Or just vent. Or just, I don't know. If formatting is sucks, sorry I'm on mobile.


I want to die, I want to escape, I feel so trapped right now in my life. I feel alone even though I'm technically not because I'm surrounded by people that don't understand me, that brush my mental illness (bipolar and severe anxiety) aside like its no big deal and I can just buck up and get over it. I live hours away from the family i have that do kinda get me and understand why living is hard for me. But now even my partner seems to have become self absorbed the past few months (understandably so given our current circumstances) and he was the one person who had my back but is now too oblivious to see how I'm cracking under all this pressure. We're living with his mother out of necessity and its no bundle of laughs. I'm singled out, picked on, made to feel more different. So I hide in the bedroom all day and all night. Now that we're going into summer, shes going to be working from home and his sister will be home as well prepping to go to college. His other sister is driving everyone up the wall but we have to cater to her because now shes sick like my SO used to be.


Which brings me to another point, my SO received a kidney transplant on Christmas. Fantastic right? And it was, and it has been. But now it sucks. Because what was promised to us to help get us on our feet again and into our own place (a fundraiser) has been taken away. Which why the fuck promise us that and then back out of it knowing that we NEEDED it? So he's angry and frustrated. Things were supposed to be different post transplant and they are exactly the same. Except now his family expects the world from him and expects me to like I don't know, step up too? Which wasnt how this was gonna work out. We've been putting off my healthcare in favor of his for years now and no one cares. I'm the lowest woman on the totem pole, and beginning to realise that in his family I always will be. 


My dad can't help me anymore, my mom prides herself on hardly helping myself and my sister, and I can't ask my 21 year old sister who's barely making it to help me. My other relatives live half the country away. I have no friends. I live in a Podunk town in the northwest U.S. and there's nothing here for me. No help. 


I'd been making progress this spring, but now its all gonna be for naught. Because I will have to go back to existing in the bedroom, avoiding the family that doesn't accept me as I really am and being stuck being ignored by my SO as he plays video games or watches tv waiting for job interviews. 


I feel so trapped. And angry. And frustrated and sad. I'm afraid to die. But I don't see any ways out. I keep asking myself, at what point does this get bad enough to warrant a visit to the E.R.? When I'm hunting out ways in the locked bedroom and googling shit in incognito mode on my phone so my SO never sees? I dont know. Do I just go ahead with the current plan and do I leave the door locked or unlocked? I don't know. I'm confused and hurting and I just want to escape everything. Suicide just seems like the good answer right now.