Tired, lost, wanting to give up.I'm tired. I'm tired of my life, I'm tired of my brain that doesn't work like it should, and I'm tired of making everyone else around me unhappy.

I'm tired of being ill. I'm a hypochondriac, but on top of that I also have a lot of health problems. Unfortunately, I can't always tell the difference between the two. My constant stress and anxiety don't help my health either. My friends and family are sick of hearing about my health problems and have stopped believing me when I tell them something is wrong with me. I'm in so much pain from random illnesses that seem to keep popping up. Sometimes I'm in 3 or 4 different types of pain at once. I've felt so much of both types of pain in my life, yet somehow I haven't built up a tolerance to either. I'm still so weak.

I can't seem to control myself. No matter what I do, everything that comes out of my mouth sounds negative, even when I'm not trying to be negative. It's just that there's so many negative things going on that it's so hard not to say them. I have no filter. I say pretty much everything that I think. I think a lot of dark thoughts. I'm pretty sure it's wearing my friends out. Yet when I try to keep things to myself, I feel like a balloon that a fat person is sitting on.

I've heard people talk about friends/family members who are selfless, patient and kind. I used to be like that, but I've turned into a selfish, bitter, impatient, negative person. I still have one thing left I want to try, but I am about ready to give up on the idea of me being sane and happy.

I don't have anybody right now. I had three close friends. One I grew apart from and we never seem to have anything to talk about because we're both depressed and don't have that much in common. Another talks to me about once a week. The other broke up with me a few weeks ago and we still talk but we always argue and nobody really cares about their exes the way they care about their significant other.

I don't know what to do, or who to go to. I've never really had someone who cared enough about me to check up on me and take care of me when I need it. Kind of like a mother, or a really good significant other. It might be because I'm so needy and don't give anything back. I want to. I try. It's just that I think of myself and my problems first, and it takes conscious effort to think about anything else. Sometimes I talk about myself and the good things in my life instead and I think I've succeeded in being positive...then I remember that I'm still being self-centered and a shitty friend.

I'm not sure what I'm looking for. Something. Anything.