I need help, please.I’ve been trying to communicate my thoughts into text, but this is the hardest thing I’ve ever tried to do. I don’t know why it’s so hard. I guess I’ll start from the beginning. When I was little, I had depression, and later on, anxiety. My anxiety was crippling, and I believe it was from this time I became overweight. I’ve constantly tried to get back to a reasonable weight, but I always give up because that’s who I am. I’m a fuck-up. I’m the greatest disappointment my family ever could have asked for. At least, that’s how I feel. I’m in high school now. I used to have straight A’s, they’re falling. I can’t keep up. I’m fucking lazy as hell at home. I never want to do anything. I just want to sit on my ass and play Crusader Kings 2. The only thing I actually like doing is skiing, but I can’t now, obviously.

That was my little preface I guess, now let me tell you how I feel. I want to die almost all the time. Life is so fucking boring to me. I do the same routine day after day. Wake up. Drive to school. Come home. Do absolutely nothing for hours. Go to bed. I hate myself. I’m still overweight and fuck ugly. I consider myself sub-human. My friends never want to hang out with me. I feel sorry for myself a lot, and I hate that. I physically can’t cry anymore. I don’t know what’s happening to me. It’s like I can’t feel emotions besides suicidal. The only reason I haven’t done it is for my family. They would miss me so much. My parents would blame themselves, and my grandparents would be in despair for the rest of their lives. My family members are all old. When they’re gone, I won’t have much close family left. I don’t know what will stop me then. I’ve been told a good way to find happiness is to find someone that makes you happy, like a significant other. My problem is I have never even touched a girl. I’m terrified of them, and I absolutely abhor that fact about myself. I see my friends so happy with their girlfriends. I’m alone. I’m always alone. I’m getting to that age where I’m basically expected by my parents to have a girlfriend. But they don’t understand how I am. Women greatly dislike me, and I don’t blame them one bit. My parents always tell me I’m a “good looking kid.” I suppose I used to be, before I gained weight. If I could just lose the fucking weight, I think it would solve a lot of problems about myself. But no matter how far I get, no matter how hard I try, I pussy-out. I go back to where I am now. A sad, fuck-up. I cannot stand myself and I just want to end it all. It’s all meaningless to me. I want to cry, I want to laugh, I want to feel again. Please, why can’t I! The only thing I ever want is for someone to care. But no one ever does.