Quite close friend/colleague of mine committed suicide.Short preface, I myself am an senior 26 year old medical student. My mentor&amp;friend was an young ortho-trauma surgeon, a bit older than me (2 children and a wife). This man was like a substitute father to me, sometimes even risking his ar\*e, teaching me rather specialized trauma knowledge &amp; allowing to perform some interventions on patients while I am still an student. As well as having time to listen to my life's issues. Today through side some side channels I was told that this weekend he had abandoned this world of his own volition.  

Now I seriously think to end it all too.  Due to my terrible family background (alcoholic &amp; mentally abusive mother, f\*k up of an father) I am neurotic, a bit OCD, am plagued by terrible headache which flares up nearly whenever I begin to really stress about something.   

Have nearly no friends - except for one close friend who's living in another country at the moment. Truthfully I am terrible at making friends. Somehow people of my age tend to stay away from me. Have no social contact with my colleagues in my academic group (most of them hate me, because I am rather uptight and have a shi\*ty sense of humor). Ergo no social life, good at my studies, helping patients, some sports for my personal enjoyment - swimming here and there.

I consider myself to be an husk of a human being. Performing day to day functions well (eat, study, sh\*t, sleep, repeat), as well as appeasing my grandmother (whom raised me, and truthfully is the only person today keeping me on this earth). The only things I feel really inside are emptiness, sadness and loneliness - that is, if I even allow myself/have time to think about them.

My teacher was way stronger person than I am. He finished gruesome residency, had friends, good sense of humor, was wholesomely terrific human being. And yet he decided to leave his life behind... If such a strong person decided to stop, why on earth should I continue? Living as a biological husk of human being is life full of misery.