My story. (long)Four years ago I was 19 and I was living 10 hours away from all of my family and friend. I wish in my freshman year of college and was stretching myself thin. At the time this took place I was taking 6 classes and was involved in the theatre so my time was limited. 

I had been battling with depression for years but never told anyone about it. I felt that I had nothing to be depressed about. I had a good family, a nice place to live, my intelligence and a small group of good friends but I never felt like I really connected to people. I went so far away to school to remake myself in hopes that it would help.

It didn't.

One night in October, I had enough. I was done. Nothing really set this off. I had one friend and I was dating someone at the time but I didn't see the point in going on. My roommate was gone (I lived in a dorm and we shared a room) so I proceeded to down a bottle of pills. I laid down thinking "Well, this is it" and went to sleep.

4 hours later I woke up and ran to the bathroom. I spent the next 6 hours with my head in a toilet. Once morning hit (about 8am) I texted my boyfriend and told him I was sick and he called campus police who drove me to the hospital. I was checked in and when they asked what happened I told them I blacked out. I must have lied well enough in that they didn't think it was a suicide attempt. They made me drink this foul tasting stuff to help my liver filter out the pills and the next day I was back at my dorm. About 5 hours later they called and said poison control said I needed to come back in for more medication. I was in for another night receiving medication and getting my blood drawn to test my liver. 

Once I was cleared, I was out of the hospital and back to my dorm. A few weeks later, I told my friend and boyfriend what really happened and they urged me to get help.

I went to the college's counseling center after a few other people had told me they wouldn't push drugs (I was very against them). I went and filled out a ton of forms that I thought were completely idiotic.

After she read the forms she said that she wasn't trained to handle cases like mine and referred me to a psychiatrist. I went to meet with him 3 days later and he diagnosed me with Major Depression. He said that while talking would help, my problems were chemical and that I needed medication. After a couple weeks of resisting the meds, I relented and got the prescription filled. 

My initial dose screwed me up. I was irritable, anxious and it made my depression much worse. He said that if I was having any running thoughts (I was) or suicidal ideas (I was) to call him ASAP so I did. He said to go the hospital and let them know who he was and who I was. They immediately put me on suicide watch but because I wasn't manic or out-of-control, they didn't lock me in the room. They let me sleep there and the next morning they put me on a gurney and strapped me down.

The next thing I know I'm being transported to a mental health facility about an hour an a half away. I was there for 3 days. Because I was 19 I was legally an adult and they put me with all of the adults in the center. Emotionally, I was not an adult at all. I was mostly with drug addicts but we did see a few clinically insane people. 

My first day I cried. I was considered a risk to myself so I couldn't check myself out and I had a major panic attack when they told me I couldn't leave.

The second day, I played the game. I did what they wanted me to do-I went to group meetings, I listened to what the doctors and nurses said. 

But something odd happened.  As I was playing along, I realized things were actually helping. The "stupid" activities were actually making me feel better. I'm smart enough to know what they were doing so I thought I was above it but it worked.

Two days later I was released and sent back to school. I went back to the psychiatrist and yelled at him a bit for telling me to go to the hospital and at the end of my rant, I cried and thanked him. He lowered the dose on my meds and that stopped the problems I was having.

Flash forward 4 years later. I'm still on my meds-I've attempted to go off them or change them but nothing works as well as they do and without them, I go back to being the depressed teenager I was.

I'm now married and have 1 year old twin girls. I do worry about what my girls are going to think about me needing medication to be a normal human being but I'll cross that bridge when I come to it.

I don't believe meds are always the answer and I don't believe that everyone should go spend a few days in a psych ward, but it worked for me. Hopefully every one of you will realize that there is something out there for you. Please don't do what I did. It's the only thing in my life I'm happy I failed at. Take the lesson I had to learn the hard way and apply it to your life.

TL;DR: Just read it.