I hate my health...I'm 20 years old, male, and I've got problems.  I grew up in an abusive family, and I'm still living here.  I'm about to postpone college so I can move out, but those are little things.

My health has been failing for the past several years.  I've developed a shit ton of food allergies... I can barely eat anything, and with what little I can, it's impossible to get all the vitamins needed for my body to function correctly... and that leads to even more problems, and it's alot more than you might think at first... The list of things I can eat is literally shorter than the list of things I can't.  Even trace amounts of food that I can't have will trigger a response.  If someone drinks out of something, then kisses me, I'm screwed for about 2 months.  At first, I'll be in pain.  The other symptoms are almost like having the flu, and then I'll be extremely tired.  Sometimes I'll pass out one day, and wake up two days later.  I'll be very tired like this for about a week to a month.  The pain will last a day, sometimes more, but it's the more visible effects that get to me the most.  The skin on my face will explode into pimples and my entire face will be covered with a red rash.  This is the part that lasts for about 2 months... I've been to 4 different allergy doctors, a dietitian, and a dermatologist, and none of them could help me.  The longer I avoid the foods, the worse the responses seem to be... and they're almost inevitable.  If a dish isn't washed well enough, I'll react to it.  If a knife was placed on a counter, I'll react to whatever it's used to cut.  Lots of fruits are covered in a corn based wax, which I react to, and even companies that I'm used to buying canned tomatoes or anything as basic as that will switch their ingredients before they switch the label, then there goes 2 months of my life.  If I react to something 1 out of every 100 days, then 60% of the time, I'll have to deal with these symptoms.  On top of that, I'm also diabetic.

It doesn't end there either.  If I get sick, it usually lasts about 5x-10x longer for me than for other people because my immune system is focused on tracking down pollen and food particles; so it doesn't invest anywhere near as much resources to fight bacteria and disease as a normal person's would.  I'd give more information, but I'm already pretty identifiable as it is.

Lately, I've been really losing touch with reality... my problems are so unrealistic, I question them myself sometimes, but they've consistently proven themselves to be real....  I've held a gun to my head 3 times since december, but I've been too pussy to pull the trigger...  I heard of a cure that might work, but it's illegal in the U.S. and costs over $3k, and my parents refused to fund it, even though they buy and rent out houses for a living... she rubbed it in my face too.... I'm really not sure my sanity will last long enough to get there myself.

I just feel completely fucked and betrayed by my own genetics.  I've read plenty of books about my problem, and I've done alot of research determined to cure myself, but again, my sanity won't last me that long... sorry for the wall of txt.