Feeling low, have thought about ending itI'm new here and given my username you can tell I want this to be anonymous, I want to be able to get my emotions out there without strings attached.
Recently I went through alot that got me to think about killing myself but there's alot more to my history that really only makes what has happened all the more painful. Hope it isn't a bother, I'm sure others have been through alot more.
I want to be clear but not make this a novel so if anyone is willing to read this and needs/wants clarification I'll try to provide as best as I can: I was molested when I was a little kid, it was a one time incident but it screwed me up royally once I remembered(I had repressed the memory). In addition to that I'm on the higher end of the spectrum, which only made school an absolute shit show. Combine the two, with me remembering at the end of middle school, and suicide had been at the front of my mind for years. I was able to fight it for awhile, eventually made more friends and revealed to some of them what happened with a surprising amount of support. Slowly I was able to put my suicidal thoughts in the backseat of my head and move foward, trying to figure out a career that will allow me to help people(really in anyway, try to make some days brighter for others in a way I didn't for years).
So why am I here?
My friend introduced me to someone else, we'll call them H, H is someone who has been in an abusive home, has substance abuse problems and a huge problem with opening up to people. My friend figured I could help them. To a degree I did-they became more outgoing in regards to being emotionally honest, being more accepting to therapy(something they had been going through but experiencing doubts about)and even went to get help with the substance abuse. We became fast friends.
What recently happened was that someone H knows told them that I had abused someone at a party while in high school. This abuse mentioned is a claim that I sexually assaulted someone by trying to grab them. I didn't. The very thought of abuse of any kind, that especially, makes me sick. H has cut ties with me, someone I came to care about has come to see me as something that I'm not. Something disgusting. With H being someone I care about and having had, I'll admit, helped me by giving me someone who I could help...it got me thinking about ending it all(I'd say how/my idea of how I'd do it but I don't want to risk being explicit)I talked to my best friend today about it, they encouraged me to try my best to move on and seek therapy(my friends have all tried to nudge me towards seeking professional help for years but I've just never gone). My best friend got me through the day but I'm so fucking distraught and while I don't think I'll ultimately go that way...having the suicidal thoughts pop up to the front of my head again is a really bad sign and I don't know how good my judgement will be in the next couple of days. What should I do? How should I cope with this?
Thank you for reading if you took the time, I hope this is helping-getting my issues out.