Everything in my life has gone to shit but the only reasons I'm still here is my catsI'm 22. I grew up in an emotionally, verbally, and occasionally physically abusive home. My dad became an alcoholic as a result of the abuse from my mom. I became the unwilling referee and parental therapist as a preteen and eventual side punching bag as a teen. My mom has tried to kill me a few times now - some before I was 18, some after, and also kidnapped me as a child after she and my dad had a fight. I spent all of my adolescence waiting for a chance to get out. CPS came twice but nothing ever helped. I got into a dream school and everything as a senior, but that got ripped away too. Mom refused to sign off on loans - which I could not get without a co-signer. There went my escape. 

They divorced. I became the physical punching bag for my mom. I cut my hair off to prevent her from grabbing it. My dad got worse. I tried to kill myself a few times, all of which failed for some reason or another. Got 51/50'd. My mom proceeded to use that as a threat from then on of where she could send me if I didn't behave. I stayed with my dad after that, and cut her off. Still was depressed as fuck though. Only person I could talk to about any of it was my grandma. One night talked to her and my aunt (who's racist and hates me) happened to also be there. She took the phone and screamed at me. Told me never to call my grandma again, told me to stop making up shit about my family and stop talking suicide to an elder. My grandma could handle it, she used to feel that way too - it's why I could talk to her about it. 

Fast forward a little bit and my dad (just after we finally patched our relationship and things looked better) suddenly died from his drinking problem. I had to go back to my mom because no other relative was an option. My mom immediately took it out on me, and I became terrified to even wake up. She tried to smother me to death, tried to choke me out with an aux cord, tried to shove me down the stairs, tried to push me out of a moving vehicle, etc. Yet every time blamed me. It was the worst year of my life, or so I thought. At least I had my grandma. She was depressed too, over losing her son, and because she was being abused by her daughter (the racist aunt). I was trying to help but it always got covered up somehow. Then exactly one year later, my grandma suddenly died. But she left me half her estate to protect myself, because she wanted me to move out and live near her. She was the only person left that wanted to help me. 

But then my aunt (the one from before) got hissy about the fact that her mom and I were closer than they ever were, and she lawyered up. She refused to give me a key, refused to give me the items my grandma specifically wanted me to have (because no proof), and informed me of the sale well after it happened while I was out of state. She also kept going through my mom, which was idiotic - as my parents divorced and I was an adult. I asked her about it, she dodged, so I wrote a letter. She never contacted me again for months, so I had to get an attorney (that I can't afford tbh) and we've been back and forth on that since. Now she's threatening to file the taxes under my name without my permission without my SSN so the IRS comes after me. All this over fucking recipe cards and a desk!  

I always think about wanting to end it, end the pain, end the inevitable suffering that always comes, but I can't. I can't leave my cats. I refuse to rehome, the word itself hurts me to even type or see. How could I do such a thing to my family? The only ones there for me? Anytime I cry they sit on me and purr or lick my face and one of them legit meows at me until i talk to her and she keeps meowing till i'm done and then snuggles. They are literally the closest to me and the only ones that keep me going. I just wish I could do something for them too (like find a new place to live, but I can't). My mom recently made credit cards under my name and maxed them out. Told me this just so "I'd understand the position I'm in." If anyone asks her she says it's just to help me build my credit. To which I'm sure is somewhat true, because she intends to sign my name off as a cosigner to a property she wants to buy. 

To her I've only ever been a means to an end. I just want out, I don't want to die. I want a place on my own with my cats, safe and sound. But I feel like I'll never get out. And I'm afraid to wish too because everytime I do I get something worse.