I wish there was another way but death is the only thing that will release me from this miserythrowaway account 

I’ve reached the decision to take my life as I’ve really ran out of other options no matter how hard I tried to look for a way out. It’s too painful to keep going through each day in this body and holding on until I die of natural causes instead of resorting to suicide. I’m 26F and even though it may seem young to some, for me it’s unbearable. I used to find solace in the thought of being able to escape everything once I’ve started my career and distract myself from all my other issues by working but now I’ve realized it wouldn’t really change things either way. 

I can’t stand this body. 

I can’t stand the thought of being trapped with this appearance for years on end.

I know some might criticize me for putting so much value in my appearance but that’s just how I am. Maybe it’s a high sense of pride or perfectionism but when there’s so much flaws that cannot be changed I can’t wear them proudly. I refuse to exist in such a state. Ironically I’m more kinder to the appearance of others than I am to myself and don’t hold the same standards that i have for myself on anyone else. I can find beauty in everyone around me but for myself I can’t find anything worth accepting. Not one.

I wish this complex was more based on pleasing others but I don’t care what anyone thinks of my appearance. It’s only my opinion that matters and I’ve failed to meet even the most minimum requirements. I just want to be average and not stick out. I hate having attention on me and I hate people seeing me. I see myself as an abnormality. 

I’m content with my gender which is the one I was born with but I don’t feel or see myself fitting as a woman. 

My bone structure is by far one of the worst ones to have for a woman. Nothing fits with the other. It’s all a jumbled mess and appears as it has been through a randomizer. My face doesn’t help either because its feminine and clashes with my body type but at least I can achieve my desired results with plastic surgery. But there is no plastic surgery or procedure that can fix or change my bone structure. No weight gain or weight loss will hide it or complement it. 

First my neck is short. My shoulders are extremely wide and my small head makes them appear even wider. I could’ve ignored this but then my upper trapezius muscles are naturally big so they look extremely ugly. I’ve done all I could to find a way to get rid of it but there’s nothing. My ribcage is big and wide so my chest looks weird and bony and it’s nauseating. my hips are small and on top of that I have a huge hip dip so it’s a nightmare getting dressed trying to hide them. my wrists and ankles are extremely thin so my feet look huge yet my hands are very small and don’t match my masculine features. I’m extremely thin yet my stomach refuses to be flat which makes no sense at all. none of this can change through diet or exercise so that advice is useless for me. When I was younger I thought I was just fat but later I realized it’s my bones that were the problem. These features all show through clothing so I’ll always see them and am conscious they’re there and i just can’t handle it. 

 And being stuck like this eats at me so much. If I was able to hide it with clothing \(which I’ve tried\) then I could pretend these flaws don’t exist but not even a huge coat is able to hide this frame. I’m unable to leave my house and when I have before getting dressed to go out was the most painful thing. I don’t want people to see what I don’t want to see myself. But even if I was the only person in the world I’d still be uncomfortable. I feel exposed no matter what I do. My anxiety won’t let me forget this not even for a minute. Everyday I’m plagued with thoughts about my body and every night I cry because I can’t escape this situation. 

I feel so guilty being this way because many people have it worse and tried to fake my way to a higher self image but it just makes me feel hollow and hypocritical. The thoughts won’t stop 

And what doesn’t help is the fact that my personality attracts many people to me. As much as I like people I feel uncomfortable when they get too close to me. I don’t trust anyone either. If everyone who knew me knew what I thought of myself they would be heartbroken and would pity me. But I don’t want to be pitied and that is why I never expressed my true feelings or insecurities to anyone so everyone thinks I’m confident and happy and have high hopes for me. For the sake of everyone that loves me I’ve tried my best to hold off on the thought of ending my life. I’m only alive right now just to not trouble anyone around me. I wish I was a more selfish person who would put myself first because this would all be easier. 

I know it’s selfish to want to leave this world but this will be the only thing that will satisfy me. Going to therapy won’t work in my case because my anxiety won’t let me go in for a consultation and I’m unable to be vulnerable to anyone other than myself so I won’t be able to put my feelings into words anyways. and even if I did go to therapy there’s no point because my body will still be the same and I’m not interested in deluding myself that it’s acceptable because it isn’t. Also I’m gymnophobic to the point that I will refuse medical care because anyone else seeing this body is the worst thing that could ever happen to me. What has kept me alive this long was the hope I’d get a severe illness because I know I’ll die because I’ll refuse surgery or treatment at the hospital. My anxiety is my biggest factor for why I keep failing to off myself but my next attempt has to succeed because I can’t risk getting sent to the hospital surviving and having my body seen.  

maybe i would force myself through life if I could hide this disgusting frame with clothes because avoiding everything else wouldn’t affect me. I reject anyone who desires me anyways because relationships aren’t worth fixing my issues for and I don’t trust anyone enough to risk everything for companionship anyways. I’m completely fine having not experiencing intimacy or love so I don’t really have anything left to want to change for. I’m just exhausted by everything 

I’ve looked for all possible routes and looked for something worth continuing to live in this body for but there’s nothing I want to do and I can’t take it anymore. I want this life to end and one day i will overpower this anxiety and end it cleanly. And i can’t wait 