Another Unreasonable WaveIf you check my previous post, I live a decent life.  Things aren't bad on an outside perspective.  But here's my selfish perspective.

I'll never be happy.

Sure there are sometimes months that go by where I feel great, but this feeling like my blood has turned to lead keeps coming back over and over.  Particularly when I think about my future.  And today's no cake walk.

I just went in for my second attempt at getting into a Masters Program.  I deserve it.  So does everyone else.  Denying that fact would insult all of our hard effort up to this point.  So I never get angry at anyone who makes it to the second interview.  I just wonder if going on for another year, trying one last time, is worth it?  I know that this school is one of the only sure fire ways of getting work in the field I'm aiming for.  There's just no support.  No sincerity.  I take time to care and listen to everyone around me.  But no one ever shows me the same consideration.

Logically, I know that I'm lucky to be in a country where I can make an attempt at trying to go for what I love.  That I don't fear for my life every day.  But when you grow up with that knowledge, the things you start to fear most is unhappiness.  My number one fear is being alone.  I already feel that way even though there are "loved ones" around me.  But everyone else is doing what they want.  I just don't fucking get it.  Why am I not able to find a job in any one of the three careers I've trained for.  I get cards from people all the time to call if I want to work for them, but it's for businesses that I have no interest in.  I'm an active helper and encourager concerned for anyone's general well being.  But I don't even have one fucking friend because they're focused on work or just not interested in friends now that they're married.

Well, I have to fly back home tomorrow.  At least I won't be afraid of flying this trip back.  When I get like this, I usually don't care if some random accident happens.

If want to PM me you can.  I read the sticky post that said posters have to offer.  I'm usually a debater when it comes to this, though, so I'm sorry if I come back at your reasoning with opposing reasoning.  Your rebuttals are confirmation for my understanding of your views.  I also understand that some people don't want to publicly write embarrassing things like cheesy encouragement.

Thanks for hearing me out if you got this far.  /rant