I hope I don’t wake up tomorrowAfter several recent failed attempts to end my life by hanging myself, I finally bit the bullet and decided to instead take my life by taking all my prescription meds at once. 

There’s a good chance that, even at this dosage, it won’t be enough, but at least I can have some relief. Tonight, instead of lulling myself to sleep with made up stories of how I’m going to die in a terrible accident the next day, I am, for the first time in months, happy, because it is no longer a made up story. 

There is a chance, a small chance, of course, but it’s still there, that I will actually find the peace that I’ve been longing for. 

I suffer from Major Depressive Disorder (which I’m sure many of the posters here share). I was diagnosed a few months ago, when I became cognizant of the voice in my head that pushed me to end my life. Whether it was telling me to jump in front of the subway as it was pulling up to my station, to run into oncoming traffic, or to jump out the window, it would always chime in the second it found a scenario that ended with me dying. 

Fast forward from May to today, and intense therapy, many medications ranging from SSRIs  and SNRIs, to Lithium and bi-weekly blood tests, I’m exhausted. My mental health has only continued to deteriorate at a pace that I have no semblance of control over. And to tell you the truth, I no longer care. The same worry that brought me to my Therapist in May has been eroded, as has any hope of containing my mental decline. 

I no longer enjoy the things that, just a few months ago, brought me joy. I have isolated myself from all my friends, avoided making new ones, and drifted away from my family. I so desperately seek something to give me a reason to live, but I just can’t justify it anymore.

You know the truly sad part? I have no reason to be like this. In the past year, I lost over 100 pounds while hitting the gym. I have kept a 4.0 GPA and am ready to head into law school. I have a family who know of my struggles and refuse to let me drop them. 

But none of that matters to me. I will never look good enough, I will never be smart enough, I will never be popular enough. 

I will never be good enough for me.

So, as my eyes are now physically starting to close due to my full supply of hardcore sleeping meds, I have been left with only one choice, one last hope to appease myself. I am going to bed genuinely happy, as I know that this time, there’s a solid chance that I will not have to repeat my regular cycle. 

Now, I can finally be at peace.