I have seen darkness right in the eyes, and the thought of suicide comforts meI am 20 years old, and I have been depressed for 5 years now. I can still remember the last time -the last moment- when I was happy and had a positive outlook on life. I want to go back. I try to look back and live that moment everyday by fantasizing/meditating. But it just brings about more pain. I have been depressed for so long that the depression has now become a part of me. I will never get that happiness back. Nothing can change. This depression will always be a scar in my life. I’m sad and hurt.

I have always been an outsider when it comes to people. You people (who are reading this) are probably the closest things I have to friends. I feel empty and alone. I can’t talk to people because I don’t want to taint their existence with my petty bullshit. And rejection is all I know. I have grown too afraid of being rejected because it creates bad memories that make me shiver and want to scream out in pain, and I already have plenty of those memories.

I have already wasted 5 years of my life. I’m totally ruined, and I’m looking up at rock bottom. I have tried to overcome my fears, but all I have seen is failure and rejection. I screwed up my only chance of love (that was 3 years ago), and I don't know how and why. I miss her every day, but I’m too weak to tell her, and it’s already too late for that.  

Frankly, I can't take this pain anymore, so I will end it. The only reason I have endured this pain for so long is because of hope. As long as I’m alive there is still hope. But I have lost faith.
The thought of committing suicide used to be agonizing, but now it's comforting. The mere idea of there being ‘a way out’ delights me. On Monday I will write a suicide note and send it to my brother, and after that there is no going back. I don’t want to die, I just want to be free so I can return home, to the Source. 

But let me ask you this. If you have ever been on the brink of committing suicide, what made you change your mind? 
