Pressure is a bitch. Fuck it. My brain is a bitch.I can hardly do this anymore. The pressure is just to fucking much. What do I mean by that? Oh, just being ranted on by friends, parents, school, and myself. That kind of pressure on a **middle schooler** is just messed up. It kills me everyday. 

Combined with my dunce of a brain ( I say that and I have practically straight A's and am in Honors Language Arts ), with all of the thoughts I have, just getting up is a struggle. 

I already ranted and typed for like 20 minutes on YouTube so I might keep this short. Who fucking knows. 

I feel like a terrible friend for the things I do. I don’t realize it in the moment, but I think I’m hurting them. I would never fucking do that. Hell no. Is there something wrong with me? Am I a literal psychopath? I mean, I do make jokes about killing people...shit. Anyways, back to my brain being a fucking piece of suicidal shit. 

Pressure. Expectations. People. School ( some parts. Yeah I’m a nerd ).  All things I absolutely hate. 

Expectations and school: Hello? It’s called everyone’s brain works differently and you have "expectations" for all of us? Just because it is expected that I turn in homework on time doesn't mean I’m always going to do it. Just because I’m expected to do something at home without reminder every 20 minutes, doesn’t mean I’m going to. Why? Because my brain is an overly stressed piece of shit and I can’t get anything together because of it. God damn I need a whole new brain. But I can’t since that’s impossible. Fuck my life. 

Pressure: Fuck pressure. I hate it. It’s the goth teen of stress ( no offense to any actual goth teens out there ). Basically runs along the lines of what was said above. 

People: Fuck people. We’ve ruined our home. What can I do about it? Fucking nothing because aim to busy dealing with others problems, then my own, and I don’t have the brain power to actually focus on belonging the planet back. 

God damn this turned into a rant. Okay. 

This is to fucking much. Just end my life while I’m not in a relationship and won’t give a fuck about if I’m gone or not. 'Cause I’m certain many of my friends will not notice at fucking all. They could care less if I just died. And I’m fine with that. Less people to think about that could possibly miss me. More of a reason to just die now. 

Back to my brain being fucking stupid. It won’t shut up. Either I’m thinking nothing, thinking horrible thoughts, or a song is playing full blast ( note: I never have music playing when this happens ) in my head and it won’t shut the fuck up. Like, I just had a mental breakdown about this. What the actual fuck. Also, how am I supposed to focus on school when all of my choir songs, and all the others I listen to in my free time, playing full-ear-drum-shattering-loud?

I guess I’ll have to cut this way shorter than I wanted it to be because it’s a school night and it’s 10:11 currently. But I probably won’t be falling asleep 'till like midnight.