My 18th birthday just made me realize I want to kill myselfI walked through the hallways of my high school for the past 4 years all by myself with no one to talk to. As I walked in the halls, I always see others socializing with friends and having people to talk to as they walk to their classes together in groups.

I sat at lunch all by myself pretending to do something on my phone, while watching all the others students eating lunch together, chatting, laughing, and enjoying each others company for the past 4 years.

I walk into the washroom and see girls getting ready together and talking about throwing a party for their friend. Jeez, if only I had friends to throw parties for me in my birthday.

In classes, I was always terrified when the teacher asked us to find a partner to do group work since I'd never have anyone to partner up with, and the teacher would have to force me to join someone's group...and I was constantly ignored by them.

I look through the school yearbook and theres not a single photo of me there. I look at all the students having a fun time and enjoying their high school life. I see students exchanging and signing each others yearbook and my yearkbook is empty with no signatures.

There's so much more but this has been a glimpse of my life for the past 4 years in high school. This week I turned 18 (no one wished me happy birthday) and will graduate. My 18th birthday made me realize that I put my life to waste. I could have done so much with my life. I could have tried to put an effort into my looks and try to socialize and build up my status since the 9th grade but my anti-socialness and unattractive looks stopped me from making friends or being able to fit in. I have no memories to look back to. Others will have so many fun and wonderful high school memories to look back to yet I have nothing. Most kids at my school have been to parties, get togethers, went shopping with friends, posted selfies on social media together, went to restaurants together, celebrated birthdays together and overall got to enjoy each other's presence and make the best out of their high school experience.

Almost everyone is going to prom except me, since I'd have no one to go or sit with. High school is nothing without friends or company. I didn't realize how much this isolation would kill me until now. It just suddenly hit me that high school is over and I never got to enjoy it. Ever since grade 9, I would tell myself, "Its okay, next year Ill try to make friends" and I kept telling myself that over and over again each another and what do you know, high school is now over. I never got to make friends or socialize or fit in with others. I cannot redo my life and my 18th birthday has just made me realize what a fucking failure/loser I am. I am a nobody at school. I feel like an alien. I have NO ONE to talk to or make me feel wanted. I have spent all my living years alone without any friends or anyone to give me company or support. Even my younger brother is popular and has so many friends and is already enjoying his first year high school life. He would go out with his friends, chill together, date plenty of girls, and seems to be having a good time. Why couldnt i be like that?

Life is nothing without friends. Humans live off interaction with one another and cannot function without it. Social isolation has driven me to want to kill myself. Life is nothing when you're all alone like me.

I can already see my future. I will never get married, the boy I love will never love me back, no one will even show up to my wedding if i do get married, and I will die alone. 

I just keep wondering though, why did it have to be me? Why am I the only one who cant fit in, make friends, or enjoy a good high school experience? Why did I have to be the loser that had to suffer this isolation? Why couldnt i have been like the others? What made me so different?
