definitely feel like ending it.i don't know what to do with myself at the moment. just thought i'd come here and get my thoughts out before i go mad.

i've been with my boyfriend for about 2 years, we met on xboxlive (we've met irl). he has multiple mental disorders like schizophrenia and bipolarism and depression. he's basically dealt with them his whole life. i have depression and severe social anxiety (i have no real life friends.) but i've only had it for about 3-4 years, though i've been cutting since i was 15 (i'm 20 he's 28) we're pretty good together, except for when it's not good. for nearly a year, he's been mentally and verbally abusing me. the most i do is tell him he's being a jackass or a jerk. he will call me a bitch, pathetic, stupid, dumb, tell me that i'm good for nothing. he's constantly dumping me for little things that can be solved just by talking or not over reacting, which has caused me to harm myself several times. he always comes back though. he says he loves me and he's sorry and changes completely. i feel like a fucking idiot for going back to him, but he's all i have and he's my only friend.

a couple days ago we had sort of a fight and he, of course, dumped me. i told myself it would be the last time and swallowed a bunch of pills and downed vodka. nothing happened. i didn't throw up i just.. sat there feeling numb and stayed awake all night. yesterday he messages me (on xbox) asking to talk about it, i wasn't in the mood and told him i was sick (because i was. from trying to kill myself). he apologized and left me alone. this morning i get another message saying he doesn't want to live life without me, but i ignored it because i'm still really fucking depressed. literally 45 minutes ago he asks to talk, and i said should we? and then he says "oh, you're still bitchy, lol." then proceeds to say *I* make *HIM* crazy.

i can't.. i can't take this shit anymore. i don't want to live anymore. it's like he doesn't realise he's tormenting me. i have the bottle of pills next to me and i'm ready to start, and i'm not going to stop until i pass out.

TL;DR - boyfriend is mentally tormenting me, has been for a while now, i can't handle it, want to die.