Feel like ending it todayI feel so lonely and absolutely nothing has gone right in my life for years. I have distanced myself from my abusive family but at certain times I have no choice but to be around them. Watching them acting happy and normal, with no regard for my pain and no remorse for how they've treated me - it's breaking me. It's like I was never any value to them, all the years and time and love I put in...it just didn't matter. They don't care about my emotional state , they don't care how alone I am. They actually laugh with each other and just ignore my presence like I don't even exist. Like I added nothing to their lives.
So if nothing can go right for me and the people who are supposed to love me don't, then what am I here for? It's been years of trying to do what's right in my life to no avail. No one wants me, no one love me and I'm not even sure I love myself. I'm just a weird, stupid, insecure, lonely misfit. I deserve to die so why prolong it. I got my pills, I could o it today. There's nothing left to wait for.




Edit and Update* 



So many compassionate people. I took one pill so far, twice my dose. I'm eyeing the others for when i get drowsy enough. I just witnessed my sister berate my sick father because he said he noticed scratches on his car since she used it. she has hit it multiple times before and tried to hide it, there are really bad scratches evident. She cried and screamed and told him he would die and leave the "old iron" there. My Nmom couldn't trip over herself fast enough to comfort her, saying my dad is a devil and uncaring. he's not, he was just trying to stand up for himself in his soft spoken manner, to stop her from recklessly driving his vehicle. 


I went to him to make sure he was alright. He was shaking so bad, i kept worrying about another stroke. I talked to him softly about other things until he stopped crying and was able to eeat lunch. I  worry so much about him - they don't seem to care about his health. If I don't care for his well-being their selfishness would kill him.who would take care of him?


Yet i want to die so bad today. I want to take those other pills and go to sleep, go away. Maybe he would join me soon, idk. I want to take care of him, but no one takes care of me and i'm dying. I'm dying and I want to let go. i don't know what to do.