Tonight the golden nightTonight is the night. I attempted this two years ago and failed. I understand this may seem the easiest way out but that's all I've left. Sometimes maybe it's better to take the easiest way out than endure the pain the abuse. I have plenty of friends but they're just friends. I don't involve them in my personal life because I don't want to cause them to worry and get involved. Abuse is my void of darkness I can never escape it. There's some light but ultimately darkness prevails. I've been told I'm a failure since a young age from my parents to my siblings and from my peers jokingly. I never took it to heart until two years ago and attempted suicide but failed. 

Tonight is my second attempt the true attempt I still remember the research I done years ago. I remember when I was 8 I told my siblings I was going to run away at 10. I remember my siblings thought I was joking but no I was dead serious. unfortunately I was too afraid, afraid of the world; where I'd get food, shelter. But today I know where to get food and shelter but most importantly safety. 

Death is my solution the easiest solution but nonetheless a solution. I used to cry about the thought of death but now it's comforting. I once heard a saying from a shown I watched, "everyone dies but if one person remembers you if you loved someone if you helped someone then maybe you never die." This saying was the only one that ever touched me emotionally. I remember being functionless for couple of days after hearing this. When I die these will be my last thoughts my last memories.
 I had an ok 15 year run but today is the day the day where I step off the  rollercoaster and take a long rest. I like to think of it as an early retirement an early graduation. 

I tried to fight back to prevent myself from being abused. But sometimes you physically and mentally cannot. I was exposed to this abuse at a young age when I was in preschool. I was beaten almost everyday for misbehaving from my father that I'd have blood streaks down my leg. I remember my mom telling me not to show anyone and I deserved it because I was bad. I believed that shit and did not show anyone I knew it was not normal but I was 5.

I remember from couple of years later I tried to strangle myself to prevent the constant beatings. My siblings thought I was doing it for attention but I was doing it for the fear of the beatings.

As my father years later retired, he had more free time to monitor me every second of the day, to get angry at everything I did. To beat me, to yell at me, to take away everything I love.

I can no longer handle it anymore. Today we got into an argument over which we both exploded which resulted in him telling me to get the fuck out of his house and took away my computer which I paid for. 

That computer was the world to me. Over 8 years saving money, convincing my parents over 4 years, only being allowed to spent half of what I earned, my dad cheaping out on my parts so I had a pirated copy of win and a crappy case, having to go to summer camp and taking summer classes. Just to have it taken away from me and most likely destroyed in mere seconds. 

I probably will never be able to get my dream computer ever again and quite frankly I'm done with this shit. Done with these constant arguments the constant lies, the constant insults ,the constant monitoring. I'm done with living. Why live if all I'll experience is hell and awful. It was a nice 15 year run but tonight I'm putting this run back where I should have put it two years ago, in the ground.

If you're like me, I do wish you luck and I hope you can be stronger than me and overcome the constant abuse or problem you're facing.