This is for everybody... please read...Everyone in here keeps sharing pretty much the same message... in fact I feel it a lot as well. We get it but they don't... we just want people to get it. I tell people a lot of the time that my problem of being a quick learner is that you learn things quick... A lot of people don't actually understand what this even means. It means I know the amount of time it will take to become a master at something and I want to move on... I run out of things to move on to. My parents always had trouble with me because I got into trouble because of how much I knew...

Turns out this is still a problem to this day. I still push buttons because I like to test where my life is and next thing I know I'm completely fucking it up. Fucking my life up has to be the best thing I have going for me because I do it so often. It's realistically the one thing I can do without fail.

So this is what I'm going to share with you. It sucks but you cannot live anyone else's life... this applies to your parents as well. Do not do what your parents want if it makes them happy. That isn't making you happy. Get out there and find out what actually does make you happy. Believe it or not, this changes too. If there is one thing I am sure about in my journey through all of this... The one thing that I can rely on is the fact that my life will change every second. Same with yours. Even though we all live on the same world, we also all have our own worlds we need to take care of. The problem is sharing your world with someone else is not always the easiest thing to do because it's scary. What if they don't accept your world? That's ok, you don't need to be the same as someone else. You are allowed to have a different story without it being completely different. They can be similar stories and you can share them with some other people and they will accept you.

I think suicide is always a touchy subject because you are always on such a thin line and want it to be over so badly because you've tried all the answers. People think you just want to be unhappy. Which is pretty insane to me all together. Don't let them get to you. You are allowed to cry for attention sometimes. It's also ok to not do what is socially acceptable all the time. Be yourself. Most importantly, if you know you are having a bad day, try to recognize why you are having a bad day. Not just about the day, but some of your thoughts while doing it. Try to turn those negative thoughts into constructive. Instead of "I will never see him/her/them again." Turn it into "I really really really love that person and hope one day I will see them again because they really mean so much to me." Also you do have friends, the internet is scary but I think it is a place for some to find acceptance when they are generally not accepted. That is something special and don't be afraid of it.

Anyways... if this finds its way to anyone I will be happy. This is probably the hardest point of my life while I'm writing this. I'm not in a very good spot. I'm gonna try my best to be with her because I want to share my life with her. I don't want her life.