i give upThis is what i wrote a month ago to a friend:

have you ever been crushed? i mean that in every sense of the word, having every last dream be taken away from you. some because of your sheer fucking incompentence and some because this is how life is? absolutely fucking nothing you do going well. your entire life being a trail of failuire with not even the slightest shadow of success. feeling like a worthless piece of shit living for no reason, writing shit in a journal or notepad or whatever the fuck just to not bother others with your senseless bullshit that noone cares about or can understand. not truthly caring about a single person because every time you do they get taken away. waking up for no reason only to repeat the same shit you did 100 days ago, the monotony of it all eating away at you and yet you somehow find a beacon of hope, a new dream. and then you fuck that up too so badly you don't even know if you should get out of bed because what's the fucking point anyway. staring blankly at something every 5 minutes because now only your own toughts can entertain you but everything you think about is depressing. wasting all your talents because of course you do, why wouldn't that happend. knowing that next morning when you wake up all you're going to think about is how fucking long is this thing gonna take to kill me and how much will i suffer before then and is it worth it cutting things short. depression is at the 9th ring of hell and it's going down with humanity. now i have to ask myself... is it even worth pressing enter

now i just said fuck it and i'm going to go with my plan. once i get to 18 years old i'll write a testament that gives all my assets (a 45k euro apartment) to a girl i love that completely ignores me. why her? i don't know, nor do i care anymore, it's the same thing giving it to anyone else. anyway, after that comes the sharpest knife i can find, subclavial artery, unconsciousness in 20 seconds, death in less than 50. you can leave comments and opinions but leave the "light at the end of the tunnel" bullshit out, it really doesn`t do anything other than to clog up the comments