I'm very tiredI feel hollow, everything is grey, I always feel lonely, I need a new job to make more money than currently but have zero energy to do so, I feel absolutely no control over my life whatsoever, my self-proclaimed insomnia keeps me up till 4 when I have to be to work at 9 or 10 most days and am consistently late for work (skipping out on showering to save even just a few minutes to make it to work,) and my father is going through chemo for mesothelioma.

Sometimes I cry myself to sleep or break out in tears just out of the blue, I've even freaked out to the point that I hit my head on my belt lying on my bed and started bleeding. When I watch a movie or TV show I sometimes get so overcome with emotion that I cry no matter how hard I try to hold back but only when I'm by myself, if I'm in public or around other people I seem to have perfect control over my emotions and have even been called aloof in the past.

I'm consistently called lazy for not always getting things done but really I'm just exhausted 24/7, and aside from things that I myself initiate I dread dealing with people and typically find it to be annoying to deal with (kinda funny considering I work in retail.) I also feel like I have no control over my life, as I'm being pushed towards college a little, it mostly feels like the effort that I excitedly put towards enrolling is now preventing me from escaping my current academic position as I have changed my mind after finding that my old student debt from when I half-assedly went right out of highschool is preventing me from getting any financial aid.

I feel pretty consistently pushed into doing things that I don't want to do, like a few months back when my dad was suggesting the military because he thought it'd be beneficial for me as they would pay for my schooling, housing, I'd get medical benefits the rest of my life and I would have a good stable job that looks good on a resume. In every respect the military is the smart choice I couldn't agree more, but for me I've never wanted to have a job where I have no freedom to leave when I don't want to do it anymore (for context I've had my current job for 5 years even with other jobs at the same time.) Every reason I could come up with for not wanting to join was met with an equally or more valid reason to join (from my perspective as well,) but no matter what I knew in my gut that I didn't and still don't want to join.

Telling people how I feel and dealing with the whole "people trying to help me" process seems very tiring and a huge pain in the ass because any time people have tried to help me with a problem it always has been except for situations when I actively ask for help, all I really want is for people to give me a break every so often. I don't self harm and don't drink or do drugs because I know that I would become addicted with my current mental state but I am tempted often but I've never before, have never been diagnosed with depression or put on meds of any sort, and when I laugh at suicide jokes, or self harm jokes, or tragedy jokes people often look at me as if I'm some horrible sick person who thinks that people being hurt or killed is some kind of joke. 

The only things that seem to keep me from killing myself are all the books, music, games, anime, movies, TV shows, and artistic expression that I have yet to experience, as well as my cat, friends, life experiences I have yet to have had, and my family. I am an atheist so I don't believe in an after death (though I acknowledge the possibility of one,) so there is no way in hell that I plan on killing myself, the little bit of good between all the suffering is way too valuable to me especially if the alternative is absolute nothingness. 

I have no idea what to do, the only things I ever seem to feel are sadness, anxiety, anger, ANNOYANCE, resentment, jealousy, fear, powerlessness, boredom, loneliness, tiredness, and a little bit of happiness sprinkled throughout, I feel like I'm just gonna keep going through this cycle until something finally kills me, it's so overwhelming that I have no semblance of an idea of what to do to even move forward. I just need advice of any kind and this isn't something I can just turn to people I know about it and every time I try searching online every article and advice piece just comes off as people talking as if they could understand something so personal as if even though there isn't a one fits all answer one of their multiple choice 'if x doesn't work try y' bullshit patronizing opinions will work.

Sorry for the long post but this is something that has been bugging me for awhile, so any advise or concerns are much appreciated.