I'm planningI have a bottle of zopiclone sleeping pills with 2 refills. They're 7.5mg pills. I figured I need about 20 pills to do it when combined with alcohol. I'll probably take them in the tub so at least when I get drowsy I'll drown as a second measure.   

I've tried everything to feel better. So many people in my life have died. My great grandma was raped and murdered, my best friends - my brother Chad and my cousin Geoffery, are both gone. My brother was murdered, ran over by a guy after a fight on a farm road with no one else around and the guy was never charged. My cousin Geoff killed himself. My mom &amp; dad are depressed and barely holding on after losing their son. I tried having a baby, and it was the happiest I have ever been. Then she had a birth defect, her organs were outside of her body. I didn't want to have an abortion. I truly believed our family had enough tragedy and she would live. There was a chance. I went into labor at 7 months pregnant. I held my beautiful little girl in my arms and fell in love. Her lungs were too small. Doctors said she wouldn't survive. We pulled the breathing tubes out and I watched her asphyxiate to death.   

I can't do it anymore. I feel so weak. My parents will die and my husband will die and I can't bear it. I don't want to be here for that. This world is horrible and cruel.   

I am seeing a therapist and it seems to help a little but only the days I see her. I tried anti-depressants and the symptoms were horrifying. I felt like my head was going to explode and I was so drowsy and nauseous.   

I try taking my dogs for walks. I try appreciating the beauty in things. I do yoga. I take vitamins. I drink lots of water. I cut out coffee. I try to think positive and keep busy. But the feelings of overwhelming sadness suck me in. I can barely function. I miss her and want to be with her. Please don't tell me you're sorry. Please, don't say "I'm sorry for your loss". It only reminds me of how much of a tragic broken human being I am.   

I hope the pills work and I die. Maybe you guys can convince me not to do it. I can't think of reasons to keep living right now. I have to go to the pharmacy and refill my pills, I won't be able to do it right away.