Been thinking about it for a while...My family doesn’t support me. Financially is fine- I have a roof over my head, and then some- but emotionally not so much.

My mother always cuts me off from a subject that's important to me to say “oh your eyebrows are a little off”, “your hair's a mess! (and by mess she means a single strand of hair.) I came out to her wanting to transition from female to male a few months ago (after feeling such a way for 6 years), and she assumed I was genderfluid, and I never heard her speak of it again. In turn, I assume that she doesn’t want me to transition, causing me to pretend to be cisgender female, which makes her think that I lied. I am also pansexual, and nonreligious, but considering her reaction to my gender identity, I’ve been afraid to tell her. Because of this, I’ve had severe anxiety for the last 6 years, to  the point where I cannot read sometimes, causing me to fail one class (I’m a straight A student), and she acted as if it were the end of the world. She also yells at me when I’m anxious, and a few hours later acted as if she didn’t know, and even goes so far as to say her anxiety is worse than my own. I am not one to judge, but my mother isn’t the one breaking down in a crowded store.

My dad can’t help it on his hand. Having brain injuries and PTSD, he says a lot of things he doesn’t mean. Sometimes, he doesn’t remember it at all, or even thinks he said something else. However, he thinks my anxiety is baseless, and I have no reason to be. I don’t want to be anxious, but he treats me as the villain for having it. He is very anxious himself (kinda a package deal with PTSD), but I don’t understand why he doesn’t understand this.

My two-years-younger sister, who I’ve always protected and stuck my neck out for, couldn’t give half a shit. I try to talk to her, and she gives me a withering glare and is incredibly impatient for something that will literally take just a minute of her precious time, impatience even turning to anger if she’s using something electronic. I know I never did this to her, even when playing games. She assumes I don’t listen to her now, and because of that we’ve been fighting more. I asked for her, once, to say that I bought something for her (which I did) to my parents so I wouldn’t get in trouble, and she told me “deal with my own problems.” Which I do, and then help her with her problems. She just hates me at this point.

Now, I’ve been wanting to kill myself for the last year. The only thing that’s making me live is my dog, the only one that cheers and supports me when I cry or am anxious. My family treat him like shit too. I have no friends, and am not dating anyone since I broke up with my boyfriend, afraid to come out to someone who was born and raised in the homophobic town I live in (not helped at all by the neighboring base, where stereotypical feminine and masculine roles are hyper generalized. It’s looked down upon if a man’s wife is a marine, and he is not as well.)

I can’t deal with this problem anymore, and if someone doesn’t help me soon, I don’t know what I’ll do during my next anxiety attack. Note, that I am 18, and while I can move out and transition on my own, I don’t want to leave my family, despite what they have done, and continue to do to me. I’ve been trans (mentally, unable to transition due to homophobic town and being a minor at the time) for six years, my religious stance being known for seven, and my sexuality known for four. My only escape is my dog, and video games which I have not had much time for it due to a busy college schedule.

edit: Forgot to mention that I am constantly in pain due to hyperthyroidism (only recently came up, but my thoughts have been the same long before I showed signs of it.) Sometimes, I don't move for an entire weekend...