The Pain of InteractionTo begin, I am an autistic college student. High functioning Asperger's but still, autistic. I have made three previous attempts on my life, with predictable results. I am coming up on a fourth in a couple days when my roommate (actually my biological father but that's a long story) is out for the week. Hopefully this will be the final one. Ever since I was a child I never really fit in socially. I can't make eye contact, eat a very limited amount of things, and have the verbal grace of a drowning dog. I was always sectioned off in elementary school and kindergarten, back row of seats, far left corner, out of sight out of mind. Kids didn't really like me, and teachers spoke to me as if I was a puppy, and not in a good way. My mother loves and cares for me and my less developed autistic older brother. If was tolerable until middle school. Hormones screwed me over and I made horrid attempts at both romantic and social interaction, each being rejected until I found a niche of 2 people who seemed to care for me. They made everything tolerable. Then my mother had a stillbirth. At that time I attempted suicide. And was released shortly after. Graduation came and as I left school for the final time, a kid came up to me in a laughing fit explaining that my friends were recruited more or less to be my "friends." I didn't believe him and asked my developmental aid teacher who explained that though they initially were that they now are my friends. I would be fine with that if they did not effectively cut ties with me the day middle schooled ended. Then I went to a school in Ohio primarily made to help a population of students who were half autistic and half normal. That was humiliating by itself but then teachers acted normally. Until I brought up my autism halfway through the year. They  began to talk to me like a child once again. Then the school dance arrived. A girl approached me and asked me to the dance. At the dance she was in tears and hid in the stall the entire night. Why? Because a group of rather uncouth young women set that up as a dare. High school was horrid. And then comes college. I am attending a university that is 93% Nazarene, 4% Christian denomination, and 3% other. I am Catholic. As I attempt to get through my first semester this year, many students ridicule me because of my autism and religious belief. Papist and retard are the only two words I hear these days. I have spoken to the campus staff about this ridicule but am given no attention. I'm failing two classes with uncaring professors and there isn't a point in suffering anymore. If I live my life the same way it has been going for the past 19 years, I am going to be miserable. There honestly isn't a point in interaction with anything anymore, be it people or life. Everyone says it gets better but I've waited 19 years and I'd say otherwise. I'm not waiting over twice that for a slim chance at happiness. Sorry for the rambling.