well, I want to kill myself.Soo Its been really tough honestly, when everyone around you is judging you for everything that you do.. from waking up to going back to bed had become one heck of a struggle.. Honestly having like 2 Real Actual friends has also been really hard because the days when i kinda want to speak to them.. they aren't ready to listen toor if they do then they end with- Omg Just look on the bright side. and i just reply with Yeah and put on the Fakest smile.
And Omfg being a 17 y.o and a guy aint that pretty.. because no one not even your own mother can accept the fact that you may even in the slightest be depressed- "So i second guess myself as well.. and whar shit is this? You have one duty, Studies. is it so hard?" and when you go over to your sister to talk who actually did also go through a really tough time as well with her friends leaving her and all that she is like "What kind of shows are you watching, dont. Thats why you're feeling sad.." Maybe there is something wrong with me and its all My Fault that my "friends" left me. I cannot live like this! I dont want to live in a place where i cannot even be ME IN THE SLIGHTEST! i cant even stand by whats right.. Ugh- i have to be respectful towards elders.. even if they just abused me and are doing everything WRONG. like what? well I have 'f-r-i-e-n-d-s' who make it seem like its my fault all of this is happening.. at the end of the day I literally have no one to talk to other than my cats and my birds.. Honestly they are the only reason i have still been holding on.. Otherwise iw ould have let go of my miserable life like A whole damn year ago. My bestfriends telling me im shit and they dont want to be friends anymore because they found better people to hang out with isnt the best thing to hear, when you only have 2 friends.. And now that i had solid friend in my life well He is also leaving town For 2 whole Years WOW! i mean cant i just get ONE friend who is gonna stick? cant i just have someone suppirt me? Understand me? No! I dont want to go outside and hang out with my cousins because they Fucking ISOLATE ME and NO! i dont want to go for the movies with my friends AND NO I DONT WANT TO EAT ANYTHING.. JUST LET ME BE ALONE. I cant even go outside to get chips without crying on the way back and I cant even Listen to one single fucking happy song without thinking about how i can never actually be that Happy?. I overthink Every little SHIT! and i cant continue like this.. I cant focus on my studies and i cant focus on myself all i am doing is eating a bit of food and drinking coffee and crying all day everyday wanting to die.. sometimes people make me feel sooo Ugh Below them and i know i wont be able to rise above them because Im busy digging my grave. Omg Like i just cant live like this anymore where I am THE ONLY ONE WHO IS PUTTING EFFORT INTO EVERYTHING.. NO! i dont want to live because whats the point? Everyone's life is soo much better without me.. I mean they wouldnt have to listen to me sob or tell them about the shitty people at school or about my cousins who treat me like im not even there or my parents just trash talking me.. No one either way has time for me.. i mean when i die they'd say- I knew him, he was a good kid- LiKe bitch Please DONT! i am so fucking anxious all the fucking time i cant even ask for my change back without stuttering.. because what if they feel bad or judge me? I have panic attacks.. Lmao (ugh) and anxiety attacks are so fucking BAD! I talk to my counsellor BUT BITCH WTF? i had an anxiety attck last week where i almost fainted. I am unintentionally starving myself. I have blood pressure problems.. Im fucking UGLY, No one can ever fucking Love me. I cant be where no one wants me to be me. . . or atleast wants me to stay.
Yeah Im Sorry Im rude but its because IM FUCKING TIRED OF THE ONE BEING HURT NO! I DONT CARE, but i do. i am fucking sick and tired of living like this. 
i can change it.. mine and everyone else's Let me die. I hate myself for the way i am.. I want to be hapoy I tried to be happy buy i cant when theres so much Of EVERYTHING going on. Maybe Just Maybe this was too much for you but i really needed some place to say all this. Thanks for sticking through. I will try to stay as long as possible.