Day by day, is an inch closer to the break. I need help... that works.Up until a few months ago I was never truly serious about suicidal thoughts. Lately, the prospect of actually not existing is the sweetest thing I can imagine. Here's some background:

I'm not manic depressive or severely unstable. I *am* mildly depressive (obivously) but its not clinically diagnosed. I've gone to a therapist for a while and it's done jack shit; in fact every time I go, one more reason why I hate who I am is brought into light. 

My issue is self-loathing. I have always hated who I am since I was able to recognize myself as an independent person in a world of independent people. Through high school and university I am constantly faced with the reality that despite extreme effort in my endeavours and passions, the product is always shit compared to my peers who might be considered "average" by others. My platonic relationships always seem to fade off in the background for no reason - friends just don't call to hang out or I'll just see them in class. 

It's particularly difficult for me to explain everything without giving you guys a novel. So a major thing for me is my particular view of existence: No one asks for life. We as persons are raped into being by a forced beyond our control. Many people accept it and exalt life. I detest and struggle with it - it hasn't ever particularly shown me any niceties or reasons to affirm it. I **hope** that the afterlife is nothing. Literal, non-existence void of everything. What's stopping my suicide is a petrifying fear of *what if?* Religion is not a huge part of my life but I do believe in the paranormal. Inductively, if I believe in some sort of notion of ghost or energy, then an afterlife of some sort is the logical conclusion. But fuck I hope not. 

I just don't know what to do any more. I have no aspirations. No prodigious talents to my knowledge. My passions in photography fail time and time again despite. My life as outside of myself is wonderful. Everything that's within is a fucked up vortex of hate. 

I bought a car recently and I cleaned out my garage. It's just so tempting. 