I'm so aloneSo... I don't know if I'm suicidal but I'm definitely feeling self destructive.

This is kind of a long story, and I'll try not to ramble, but no guaruntees

2 months ago I got fired from my job, and everybody promised to try and make me feel better, but imediately they started talking about their own problems. Including the girl I've been head over heels in love with for years (We'll call her A). She was telling me about a new guy she'd been seeing and about him being a dick. I had dated her for like 9 months over a year ago, and I never really got over her. 

A few days later nobody really even tried to talk to me about what's going on in my life. It's like they forgot about me. A and I would play Fortnite together every so often and chat, but other than that nobody  really even talked to me. I got a new job where people were incredibly verbally abusive to me, and I started going back to college. The stress has been really getting to me and every chance I had to escape stress disappeared into thin air at the last second. My last hope was just a little stand alone date A had suggested. Well, A started dating a new guy... we'll call him T.

A and T go way back. They dated last year, and due to some drama in A's life, T basically cut her out. A was destroyed. I spent almost the entire past year helping her feel better about it, not because I wanted her back, but because she's also my best friend and I hate to see her so depressed. A eventally started to get over T, and started to seem like her old self. And then a few weeks ago T comes back and starts getting close again. A insisted that they're just friends, but I was still worried. 

Cut to Labor day weekend. A was in a really good mood, so I decided to ask her on that stand alone date, she said "maybe..." and I knew immediately what was making her so happy. T had asked het on a date. I started telling her about how bad of an idea that was, because I had never seen her go to such a dark place. I am willing to admit that I'm jealous, but also concerned for her well being. And last night I was feeling really down in the dumps and very drunk, and I saw she was online on XBox. I send her a party invite and she sends me a text "sorry, out and about. I brought my XBox out on a date..." 

This morning I saw that A was online again, but hadn't opened any of the messages I sent her last night (before I knew she was on a date, we are friends after all) so I can only assume she stayed the night.  And immediately I got jealous and upset again. 

I'm now feeling a whirlwind of emotions. First, I don't even know if she did stay over last night, and I know it shouldn't matter. I want her to be happy, but I also can't help but be sad that she doesn't want to find that happiness with me. I'm terrified she's gonna get her heart broken again, and also terrified she won't. I know she feels the same way about him that I do about her. Worst case scenario; She gets her heart broken again and I have to help pick up the peices. Best case; she finds happiness with him and I end up watching him have the relationship I always wanted with the girl of my dreams.

I know I sound like an incel, but I'm not. I understand that me being her friend doesn't entitle me to anything. I know that if she doesn't want me, there's nothing I can do. It just hurts. None of my other friends talk to me that much, and sometimes actually tell me when they're hanging out without me. A is the only one that at least pretends to care. She's my best friend, and the girl of my dreams. I hate that I'm so jealous and upset, even though I do genuinely want her to be happy.  If I cut her out of my life, I'll have nobody to talk to, if I don't then I'm just stuck doing this for who knows how long. I'm stuck between a rock and a hard place. It doesn't help that no other women will even give me the time of day. I need help.

I'm sorry if that was too long. I just... need to talk to somebody.

Tl;dr: life started going bad, my ex-girlfriend, girl of my dreams is dating a guy who ruined her but she's in love with
 I have no love life, and no other friends that are even remotely close to her.