Tired of proving myself to everyoneA few years ago after a horrible argument with my wife, I made a mistake and scared her enough for her to call the cops. I was estranged from my wife and kids for 4 months, by the courts. I never hurt any of them but the arguments were loud and frightening to every one. 

While separated I resolved to get my shit in order. I got off the booze (sober for 3 years now). Went into an anger management program and took it seriously. I paid all of all of our bills even while I wasn't living at home. My wife applied to the court for me to come back. Since then for the past 3 years she has been watching me for my old anger. Not once have I so much as raised my voice. 

Now she swears at me in front of the kids, she accuses me of paranoid shit that I haven't done and tells me to prove that I didn't do it (how can you prove that you haven't had an affair). She abuses me and the kids swearing at us and calling us names. My 13 year old son is now under suicide watch at home and school and she and her family are blaming me. They don't believe me that I've changed. The kids know what she is like but she just says I've turned them against her. I can't sleep my brain is fried and I've started a bottle of whisky and want to mix my meds. 

What's the point of being straight and narrow when the only people you know won't trust you no matter how hard you try to prove yourself. The days are hard enough trying to help my son without dealing with the cheap-shots from my wife, family and friends. 

I've had it, I don't know how to cope anymore. No-one believes me about how she is, except our kids. Its only a matter of time before I lose it all. The only reason I'm here is my kids. I can't stand the thought of leaving them to her when she treats them like shit. Still that line seems closer tonight than it ever has before.

Anyhow, not sure why I wrote all this. I guess I need help but don't know wtf I'm supposed to do. I haven't been this down in the last 5 years. I've had it.