Help???I'm not exactly suicidal in any way. I've never tried cutting myself, never attempted suicide, but recently I've gone through stuff that makes me want to just end it.
I know this might be nothing in comparison to all of your problems, and I know that my reason is far less significant than anything on this subreddit, but hear me out.
On top of the usual struggles a 16 year old goes through (peer pressure, bad grades, siblings), I'm almost definitely monophobic (straight up scared of dying alone and/or unloved). On top of that, I'm probably demisexual (I can only feel attraction towards people I have an emotional connection with, for example close friends, classmates, you get the point). I'm depressed and suicidal for basically only 2 reasons; my monophobia and an impossible crush I have on a really close friend of mine, who recently moved to another country and we basically don't really see each other anymore. The thing is, I've known her for around 3 years already. We were really close friends, basically next-door neighbors as well, and our parents were really close so we saw each other a lot. The more I got to know her, the deeper my feelings for her became.

I really liked her. There were times where I couldn't think of anyone but her, and any time we spent time together, I felt scared because I didn't want to expose my feelings for her because I was afraid it would ruin our friendship.
Probably the dumbest thing I ever did was develop feelings for one of her friends. Now that I think back at it, I realized that it was all so I could get closer to her.

A week before she moved, I told her how I feel. I basically spilled everything, telling her that I had really deep feelings for her, and all I got back was a simple "Oh, okay, cool." 

On one hand, I felt relieved that I got it off my chest, but on the other hand, I felt like shit (I still do, and it's been almost 5 months). I have this feeling that she didn't quite understand what I meant, and it was really hard for her to take everything in.
We still talk really often, and we give each other important life advice. She's currently struggling to deal with a guy, and she always texts me to complain about him and ask for help, which really depresses me because honestly this guy is just so fucking stupid, and she deserves a lot better than him. Still, I help her out, state the obvious, but it still makes me really sad because I had really deep feelings for her, and she just kind of ignored me despite the fact that I had the balls to tell her.

You know the most depressing thing? I also tell her my problems, consisting exclusively of the fact that I can't find myself a good relationship, and all she does is tell me that I'll "find someone eventually". I'm not looking for fucking motivation. I'm looking for a relationship. I was and still am interested in HER, and her alone.

And I know, I'm only 16 and girls at this age aren't really ready for that kind of commitment, but fuck it. I really loved her, and she never loved me back. The only reason I haven't attempted suicide yet is because I either work out or pursue my rapping/DJing ambition. I'm at a point where I see everything in grey. Nothing feels fun anymore. Food has lost its taste, and I lost interest in art. Now this is the part where I ask for advice. And before you tell me to move on, just know that it's impossible for me at this point. We're talking about a 2 and a half year crush, which was ended with a fucking friendzone. I want her to live her life and do what's best for herself, but it's impossible for me to get her out of my mind and I'm just lost in my feelings now.

Again, this is probably nothing in comparison to other people on this subreddit, but if you have any way of helping or feedback would be highly appreciated.
