What am I supposed to do?I’ve made mistakes, I haven’t denied them (I don’t like to talk about them because it’s nothing that I’m proud of, sorry if sometimes it feels like I’m avoiding them), I’ve said sorry to the people that I’ve hurt and I’ve said that I regret the things that I’ve done 

What else do you expect from me?, what do I need to say to be forgiven?

Sometimes it feels like people are not willing to forgive me and this mistake that I’ve done is going to haunt me forever

People who were not even affected by my mistakes look at me like I’m a monster and it feels bad. I know I’m an idiot, why do you need to remind me every day. Everybody that I know looks at me with angry or with grief.

I can’t live with this weight, people think that I did what I did for attention but I didn’t
And now if I comity suicide all of my classmates are going to think that it was for attention and I don’t wanna go back to be everybody’s conversation topic 

I’m always afraid of defending myself when people treat me badly because I’m afraid they will use my bad actions as a justification for everything. I feel like I’m the person that everyone can treat badly but well, I can’t defend myself because people are going to act like they didn’t mean to hurt me but I know they mean it. I always feel weak. My “friends” back then didn’t defended me when I was being bullied and that still makes me feel alone and weird. I feel like I’m the exception to everyone’s bad actions. I wasn’t enough and that’s why they didn’t defended me. 

I don’t want to affect my friends but it’s the only way out. It’s not only that mistake that I made that haunts me but many other things and I can’t anymore. I’m tired 

I’m in a better place since last year and for the first time I have real friends but of course I’m fucking everything slowly. To all of my actual friends, sorry if I didn’t opened up to you, I didn’t see the point of it if I was going to die anyway. I wanted to give you my love so much, but I didn’t because I knew it would end like this.

Maybe one day you all will forgive me. I’m doomed, I think I’ll do it soon, I still don’t have a method but I’ll look for one