Just don't want to liveThrowaway since friends yadda yadda.

I don't know where to start. I've lived with this for far too long. I remember when I was 10 in elementary school and I would sit by myself at lunch. I remember listening to songs before I went to bed and crying for no reason. I felt like I had few people around me, but I thought things would get better in Middle School. So I just tried to keep my head up. Of course I got there and things got worse because middle school is the most vile, toxic place ever. I had no friends, I'd cry constantly. I'd lie that I was just upset I got a bad grade on some quiz when a teacher would ask me about why I was crying. I "tried" to kill myself, yeah right. I tried to choke myself, like that would work. How pitiful. Eventually I thought "Well I'll be in high school soon, and middle school has seemed worthless as it is, might as well hold out." I got to high school, and it was better for the first few weeks. I had friends, I ran cross country, but eventually I would still cry for no reason, I would just be sad by default. I felt like I lost my friends eventually, and the people that I hung out with really just hated me and didn't want to say anything to hurt me. Eventually I had to move. I was not excited, but hey another chance for things to get better right? But they still wouldn't. I struggled to make any friends, I spiraled again quickly, only to get better because of a stupid block game and the communities I came to know because of it. With Minecraft I made it through high school okay, but I would still be sad at school and just want to be on the computer when I got home. I wouldn't do homework (not that I ever had any), I would just build or PvP or watch videos. When senior year rolled around I thought "I'll be in college soon, and then things really will be fine, everything will be new for me and everyone else and it will be just fine." Honestly this last year has been the worst my depression has been since that first year of middle school. I have constantly felt empty and devoid of energy, life, and will to do anything. I've had to lie to so many online and real life friends that I'm "just fine" because honestly I don't want them to stop me when the day comes. It's now summer and I'm supposed to get a job by order of my parents, but how am I supposed to get a job when I can barely drag myself out of bed. I am truly just a pathetic jumbled mess, just like this post.