I just want to get hit by a car.My ex boyfriend who previously broke my heart because he told me I wasn't wife/mother material came to me about a year and a half ago saying he loved me and wanted to get back together. It took me a few days to figure out something was not ok, and it turns out he was in a severe episode of mania with psychosis. I've never seen him anything like that before, he'd only talked about dealing with depression before. He was in and out of the ER, and picked me as the only person he trusted during this time. I was clear that we weren't back together, but I still cared about him a lot so I helped take care of him, even though I almost failed out of that quarter of university because this happened right before finals week, and I had to sacrifice presenting my research at a conference. Even when his mom came (from across the country) to take care of him, he told her to go away because I would take care of him (I never said or agreed to this). I had to convince him to let her take care of him, at least partially, so I could pass my finals. Finally he saw his psychiatrist, went on medications, and stabilized. After this, he wanted to talk again about getting back together. He said a lot of things, like how our relationship was the most healthy he'd ever had, how he regretted our break up, how I was the one for him and there would never be anyone else. We talked about a lot of serious things that we disagreed on previously, like kids and marriage. I agreed to try again because it seemed like things were different and we agreed on all the serious things now.

However, when he found out that he would have to start grad classes again with a different cohort, he suddenly decided he couldn't stay in town anymore and left to live with his mom. When he told me this he said he didn't want to break up and that I could come visit for Xmas. I told him I would have a really hard time with distance. I have PTSD and severe anxiety (but I had it under control, have been in therapy for years and have a service dog). He said he understood and still wanted to stay together. So we agreed to stay together, and we would move in together after I graduated. I only had two quarters left of school, but I would be homeless and living out of my van for that whole time.

It was hell. I hadn't struggled with suicidal ideation for almost 7 years until then. I felt totally isolated and was constantly harassed by the police, but I graduated with a good GPA and left to meet up with my bf, who was still living with his mom but had a job and his mom said I could stay there while we figured things out. Our initial date to move into our own place was supposed to be July, but my bf said he was stressed about paying off debt and wanted to pay off at least one credit card first, so we pushed it to September. I left to present my research at a conference, go to a friend's wedding, and visit family until the end of August when we'd meet up to get our stuff from storage and move into our new place. My anxiety was finally starting to calm after the 6 months of homelessness and I started to feel so much better. I had no indication anything was wrong. I thought we were going to get married and start a family.

3 weeks before we were supposed to meet up to get our stuff, we were having our regular FaceTime and he asked if we could talk about something kind of heavy. I said sure, and he immediately said he wants to break up. It felt like I was in a nightmare. I literally thought I was having a nightmare and would wake up any second. His reasons were everything my anxiety had been telling me would happen and I had been trying to fight this entire time. I was a burden because I'm on disability, he only stayed with me because I was so good to him during his psychotic break, I wouldn't be able to take care of kids because of my disability and because I have a service dog. I've never been so utterly blindsighted in my entire life. And none of the things he said were true. I was willing to sell my van for extra money, get a part time job before going to grad school after which I'd have a career that paid really well, and just wtf at the last one?? He also said he wanted to accelerate his life because he wanted to start a family soon, and he didn't see me in any rush.... I had put my entire life on hold to help him recover. I put off applying to grad school because he wanted to work for a while while he recovered and decided if he wanted to go back to school. I had been driving across the country to see him multiple times. I was still, legally, homeless this entire time because I thought we had a plan.

This was a week ago and I am still completely crushed. I want to die. I would be dead already but there is no way I could ever do it because I can't leave my service dog, he is the only reason I am still here. We have been through an abusive marriage/divorce, and multiple long term relationships together. No one understands the bond we have, so I feel like I can't talk to anyone because they would just say I should be hospitalized, or even call the police and try to make them hospitalize me. But I am in so much pain I can barely make it through each day. I barely eat or sleep, and just constantly try to distract myself. I almost started self harming again which I haven't done for 13 years because none of this feels real and I am so severely dissociated most of the time. I want to die but I can't. I really just hope every day that I'm hit by a car and put out of my misery.