The thing is, I just don't matter to anyone.Disclaimer: this may be a lot of rambling but I need someone to hear me.

I'm not actively suicidal. I just think about it frequently. 
I've always been someone who didn't have a ton of friends. Even in high school, I didn't have any girl friends. I had two boyfriends, and at the time I was with them, they were my best and only friends. I've had acquaintances, and I seem to get along with almost everyone, but no one ever wants to be close with me. I never have a problem when it comes to finding a significant other, but no one ever wants to be my friend. No one ever seems to want to spend time with me. For awhile, I reached out to people who I seemed to have a connection with. I don't anymore. I text them, they blow me off; it's happened so many times that I can't even handle the rejection anymore.

Everyone has family who cares about them, you might think? My mother cut ties with me when I was 18. She heard somehow that I had started smoking cigarettes and told me that 'if I'm going to kill myself then she's not going to watch me do it'. That was 10 years ago. 

I was always close with my dad and my stepmother. A few months ago, I decided that I wasn't happy being away from my exboyfriend, and I left the guy I was with to get back together with him. This did not please my father, to say the least. I got a nasty text message that said I needed to return his car, which I was borrowing. He said he didn't mind me borrowing it, but he wouldn't want anything to do with me if I was getting back together with said ex (let's call him George). 

I'm a very stubborn individual by fault. I can't stand for anyone to tell me what to do, and at 28, it's the worst it's ever been. I was supposed to move in with my father and his girlfriend, but I moved in with George instead, due to the events that occurred. I haven't spoken with them since. My stepmother tried to reach out to me, but all she did was tell me about family events I was missing, and all the reasons my father is mad at me. This of course, angered me more than anything. I've already felt abandoned, I feel like he should love me in spite of anything, and be there for me no matter what. We've been close for a long time. I know plenty of people who have betrayed their parents trust, and their parents still love them. I've never done anything (stolen, lied, etc.) and he just cast me aside. That hurt me.

I'm a very free spirited person, and I don't believe you should necessarily try to maintain a relationship that is unnatural or forced. But I never thought my dad would treat me this way. 

George loves me, but since he's all I have, I seem to put this stress on him that's unhealthy for our relationship. So that's going down the drain now too.

And I don't have a single friend or family member that I have an actual closeness to.

So, I'm not going to kill myself tonight. I'm just starting to wonder, why I don't? Why am I even here? I seem to only negatively impact the people I am close with. Most people won't even get that close. I have a ton of flaws, but I have a ton of love. I can't stand to see anyone hurting, human or animal. That's why I became a vegan, because I saw too many documentaries. It just hurt so much to even watch them. 

I know I'm not like most other people.
I just need someone to tell me that I'm not completely worthless. I can't understand why no one really wants me around, and I'm drowning in all these thoughts I have when I'm alone.

Help.