A CALL FOR HELPSo I don’t even know where to start... but I guess I’ll start by introducing myself. My name is Hunter and I’m an 18 y/o male from a shitty small town in upstate New York. My parents were split before I was born because they had a rocky relationship and my father was abusive to my mother physically and mentally. Before I was born I had a would-be brother who passed away as an infant. B/c my mom didn’t want their relationship to end she stopped taking her birth control and got pregnant with me not long after my brothers death to keep my father around. It did the opposite. My dad wanted me aborted but my mother never went through with it. My father has been physically abusive to me for as long as I remember and I feel it’s because he never “wanted” me to begin with. This abuse has not only given me severe anxiety and depression, but has also made my self-esteem virtually nonexistent. On top of that I was picked on a fair amount in middle school which didn’t help with my issues. 

Because my parents are separated and my mother has custody of me I would have to visit my father every other weekend on breaks, etc. This was always very hard for me as my dad was very mentally abusive to me as I mentioned. My mom remarried a little before I was born and growing up both households were fairly archaic as my mom and step father have a rocky relationship as well. So this gives me the feeling of having no real “safe place.” Per say. 

I’ve always been a depressed and anxious kid throughout my childhood but in my teen years it kind of came to a head. Eventually things started to get worse and I started hearing voices, seeing shadows, and smelling things that weren’t actually there, and while all this was developing I was severely suicidal and did self harm and attempted to take my life a couple times. 

Fast forward to now, I’m a struggling student in college, I’ve had intense feelings of worthlessness, being a failure, a disappointment etc. These feelings in combo with all my mental issues just getting worse and worse has been making me increasingly suicidal. I don’t sleep at night even with a strong antipsychotic/sleeping medication and just lay up all hours of the morning wishing I wasn’t here and thinking about how and when I can call it quits if you get what I mean. My delusions and hallucinations and incredibly intense and it’s basically to the point where I can’t tell what is real and what isn’t anymore. 

I just started taking meds for the first time around two months ago. The meds aren’t doing jack like I mentioned and haven’t helped my mental state whatsoever. I guess the main reason for all this incoherence is just a call for help. I’m too ashamed and/or scared to truly express to my close friends and family (not that they’d really care or understand anyways) about what’s going on so I posted this here. I’m just looking for SOMETHING, anything whatever it may be to keep going. I just feel I’m going down a narrow path in life that’s going to lead to a dead end. I have a feeling I won’t amount to much in life and people’s expectations of me won’t be met so I just don’t see any point in living just to stress people out and disappoint them, ya know? 

I highly doubt anyone will see this, but if someone does maybe offer your two cents...