Just messyI'm not sure why I'm writing here, 

I'm suicidal, I've been this way for awhile, but damn all knows I'll wake up tomorrow. I'll keep going, I'll face customers, managers and people. I'll look them in the eye, sing out a hello and deliver their food. 

I stare with intent at the bottle of pills, large knife or down to the last story of my building but I never do anything. 

This is a long line of feelings, this is a constant. I drink till I'm numb, I sleep till my body screams for food, I don't even eat much anymore. My girlfriend loves me but she can do more, better, being transgender makes it all harder. 

All I think about day in and out is how happy I would be just to get on stage, just to do my comedy routine, just to be alive! And the one time I did it, it was like my purpose was so clear yet the anxiety, suidial thoughts and depression turn my blood to ice whenever I go to do it again. 

"They'll boo you off the stage" my mind tells me, "they won't think being transgender is funny" 

My heart begs me to do it, it's as if the universe is tugging me towards those bright lights, the smiles of thousands, the joy in the air after a good set. Yet my legs just won't take anymore steps, I find myself sitting on my couch watching ID shows till my eyes bleed. 

I find myself staring blankly at the people outside, they're all just fake. They look fake, act fake, seem fake, unless they're laughing, when people laugh everything feels so alive and true. When people smile it's like the world is REAL and things make sense. 

But I just can't do it, I can't I'm so afraid. I've been abused all my life, I think now it's just I don't expect myself to be happy. I grew up on Disney and neglect. Whenever I get a spoonful of happiness it's as if the world takes it away and shouts 
"Keep working! You won't get this till you're done!" But I've been working since I was 16, I've been fighting since I was so young, I've seen death, life, hate. I just want to be happy, I grew up believing that the good guy always wins! That good vs evil was a constantly and the good came out on top, 

I know the world isn't so black and white but my demons growl out "Maeson you're not the good, you're the evil those movies warned you about" 

I want to not believe this, but how can I not? Who says I'm worthy of this happiness? Maybe I'm more worth of my own death. It's raining hard. I'm not sure what to feel. My girlfriend begs me to come to bed, to sleep, I crave the embrace of sleep, but that sleep I know won't come easy. 

If I wasn't such a coward I'd down those pills in the kitchen, but gods, I couldn't do that to my girlfriend, to my mom and dad who recently just accepted me, to my doctor who just gave me my surgery and was so proud, what a wonderful man, even after everything he emails me just to ask about my stand up... 

But with all these people who love me, all these people begging me to do more, why do I feel like I'm just ready to die. I'm so frustrated with everything, I feel like someone clawed opened my heart with icey claws, clentching it so hard. I'm so sick. 

My mind says "Mae go to sleep" but it adds "and never get back up" 

I'm sorry for all of this, I just wanted to post my thoughts somewhere. For someone to read, for someone to know what I hide behind the mask I skillfully crafted. 

Thanks for reading if you did . I'm sorry if this sounds like I'm complaining. 