I'm getting closer and closer to wanting to end itI recently left my dad's house. I spent my last dollars flying to Massachusetts to live with a friend. I love my friend, and he's been so kind, but he is negative and pessimistic to the point of literal clinical paranoia. Living with him is one of the hardest things I have ever had to deal with. For example, today my job interview was rescheduled. When I told him, he said that this proves the job is a complete scam and I'm an idiot for applying in the first place. Unless he's lecturing me or complaining about something, he literally only communicates in annoyed grunts and sighs. I'm not exaggerating.


I've had to take out 700 bucks in credit cards to survive. My dad's family has been cold to me, since he poisoned them against me before i could talk to them. The first thing i heard from my grandparents was, "You better understand you're not living with us," followed by a reluctant invitation to dinner. I never asked them once if I could stay with them, or even implied it.

I've recently gotten back in contact with my biological mom's side of the family i haven't talked to in 14 years. They love me and are willing to help, but dealing with my mom's death I never processed and seeing these people is emotionally very trying.

To add to that I'm dealing with hundreds of my job applications being rejected and even the shittiest apartments in town requiring an insane amount of money up front. 

I was just friendzoned by the love of my life as well, to put icing on the cake.

Fuck it. I'm done. The family I knew my whole life has rejected me. My new family brings so much emotional baggage with it its insane for me. My one bedroom apartment roommate is the most negative person who has ever existed. I might be on the streets, soon. No one wants to hire me. I have to deal with watching happy people going about their day with their gorgeous boyfriends/girlfriends and overflowing fucking checking accounts. 

What the fuck did I do to deserve this? Why couldn't my dad be a normal fucking person with a normal fucking wife instead of a crazed religious fanatic who fucked my psychology irreparably? 

Every day I get closer to ending it. My friend has a handgun I'll use. Dirt by Alice in Chains explains my headspace right now perfectly.

