Contemplating SuicideI've thought, almost fantasized about hanging myself. Increasingly so recently. It's driven by heartbreak, and I now I sound like a pussy for saying so. But other aspects of my life have just not panned out, and I find it very difficult to achieve the things I seek, even though in reality they are not. It's been a nagging feeling for years, but a couple years ago I found someone who gave me the sense of light at the end of the tunnel. She's been gone 6 months now, won't speak to me, or even allow herself to hear me out. It kills me, and adds a deep pain to everyday. The only thing I feel that keeps me here is my dog, my closest companion aside from her in the past 12 years. My dog is getting old, and isn't doing well, therefore I feel my one true responsibility will soon be gone, and each day that passes I fear more and more the one I love will never give me a chance. Just as my life felt like it was improving she left, in the worst of ways. Normally a person wouldn't have this power over me, but nobody else seems to be able to fill the void. We planned our lives together loosely, and now it all seems for naught. I don't know why I'm posting this. Or what I even expect. But I fear that I may sometime soon succumb to this feeling of wanting to exit this world. I am contemplating hanging myself from a willow tree, morbid but somehow beautiful. I'll try and give it more time for things to improve, but the further we grow apart, the deeper I sink into this emotional abyss. I probably need help in some way, but I don't trust the modern view of being drugged out on prescription drugs, which I assume would be a doctors solution. All I want is the love that made me feel complete. I don't care about having a good job, benefits. Etc. I just want her. I'm probably being selfish, but until I get my chance to be heard, and make clear I can be the one for her, I don't think I will feel better. And the chances of me having that opportunity are fleeting at best. Anyway, if anyone read this, thanks I guess. And if anyone out there is having a harder time than I, I apologize and hope things for you improve as well. But I just can't shake this feeling. Much love.