The girl I really like is an ex to my very good friend.The problem is that he still has hope they will be together again one day. They've been dating for about a month, then broke up. She said that she had mistaken the emotions she had because she was surprised with him being into her with love. I've been interested in her for over a year, but had real feelings toward her for like 6-7 months. I really fucking love her and feel like I have a chance with her but I can't do that to my friend, which I have known for 4 years, we trust each other and I've been the guy to cheer him up when they broke up, and giving advice when they were still together, all that even though I didn't want them to be together. I wanted her to love ME. Now, if I were to ask her out everyone would think I'm the reason their relationship collapsed so quickly. 

It's been about half a year since they broke up. Once I heard the news I thought that I have a chance and just need to give my buddy some time to forget about this. But oh boy was I wrong. He still wants to be with her as much as he used to when they started dating. They chat daily, they meet regularly (always with someone else being there with them, but still, they are like very good friends). 

If I am to make a move on her, I need to be prepared that I'm losing a good friend, and even then I may not succeed and lose two friends. Or even worse, make all of my friends think I'm a bitch. I tried to erase her from my mind, replace with someone else, and it all works perfectly fine until I meet her again and remember that this is the person I need in my life. The person who might make my depression go away. 

As of right now I'm basically fucked. I can't do anything. All I can is just look at her and dream. I feel like it would be better to be dumped by her, than to have hope. Life fucking sucks. 

 I have almost died of alcohol OD,  my grades went to shit, my friends like mocking me, my parents make me feel remorse, I lack free time, I lack motivation. All I want is the struggle to end, at least partially. I'm 16. All of my friends either are in a relationship or had one recently. They are having fun. All I'm having are suicidal thoughts.

If you've come this far, thank you. Sorry if the text is hard to understand, I'm holding back emotions and am shaking, English is my second language. I just can't stand all of it. My life's gone too shit. I used to be happy. Used to.