If I'm single for another year, I'm going to hang myself with this stupid hot topic teenager belt.I'm 24 years old. I've had one girlfriend, and that was only a real relationship for 3 months. It's been almost 3 years since then.  My greatest fear is that I'll end up like my dad: unsuccessful, living alone, single, and really angry about it.

All I see around me are wage slaves, going through the motions of the American dream that probably died before I was born. The only people with any true freedom in this are the 1%, and I don't have the brains or the luck to become one of them.

I still haven't finished my bachelor's in CS. I continue to waste my grandfather's money. I dropped a class for a third semester in a row, that's about $3k wasted this year. I'm just a fat, ugly, stupid, lazy waste of time and money.

Why fat? I've lost 20 pounds and everyone says I look the same. Everyone says I look fine, but looking fine isn't the same as looking good.

Why ugly? I hate my nose. I hate that I will never be like the guys in the magazines, I might make a decent santa claus if I live to see that age.

Why stupid? Well, if you haven't noticed by now, I'm practically illiterate. My writing is absolute drivel compared with 70% of the stuff I see on here.

Why lazy? The shit they have us doing for this pathetic excuse of a CS program is absurdly simple, and I don't even have a 4.0. I couldn't even handle a 4.0 at my stupid-ass community college. Clown College is more like it.  What's my final project for my 400-level algorithm analysis class? A fucking spell checker based off of [this shit](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Levenshtein_distance). My choosing, of course since I'm such a lazy fucker. Everyone loves finding excuses/diagnoses to explain why I'm so great at academic failure (depression! social anxiety! ADHD! Video game addiction!), but at the end of the day I just lack that nice protestant work ethic.

So yeah, I suck at life. I'm not even sure why I want to live the slave's life so badly, but I'm too socially/emotionally/ethically retarded to even pull that off.

unrelated tl;dr:

I can't dance, I can't even sit cross-legged. I'm more incapable than my six year-old self. Maybe I'll get a nice, happy, thoughtless, sociable life as a dog or something next time.