Just found this sub. I think it's perfect for me.I didn't have any idea that this subreddit exists, and I'm glad I found it. I have had a really great life and a mostly wonderful experiences until last year. Then I had an English class. Damn that English class. Absolute hell. My entire life I had built up this idea in my head that I was smart and got good grades. That was an insanely huge part of my whole identity. This English class, along with many other much harder classes that ever before, completely threw that out the window. My grades were slipping and it scared me. I managed to get through 7th grade with a 4.0 but only barely. That was just the beginning. In eighth grade it got worse, English specifically was again horrible. An endless onslaught of assignments. Near the end of first semester I had just the whisperings of suicidal thoughts. I didn't really care anymore. After that semester I switched into another English class and it actually seemed to be better. All suicidal thoughts vanished for a time. Then the class actually got worse than the one before it, and that's when it all went to hell. I started getting worse and worse grades. Just for reference I got perfect grades in k-7 and my 4th quarter GPA for 8th grade was 3.2. I know that's not bad, but in my family that's near disownable levels bad. All this had made me incredibly suicidal, I felt like I had failed my family, but there was more things contributing. During this time I had an identity chrisis as well. Getting good grades was a huge part of me and as such I felt as if I didn't know who I was anymore. Because a large part of me had been destroyed, so did the rest of me. I come from a pretty strict christian family. Swearing at all was not tolerated. I began to swear more and more. I am now one of the most vulger people I know. Again I know this isn't really considered that bad but it is to my family. This lead to a lot of thoughts of failure and how I've alienated myself from my family. Because of the swearing and just my whole personality changing, I have to put up a large facade in front of my family. This has caused a strain in all of our relationships. I also have no skills and I don't think I will be able to get a job, and because of my declining grades I most likely won't get any scholarship to colleges and I don't have money to pay for tuition. I am going into high school next year and I know it will only get more difficult. I am horrified of disappointing my dad, and I don't to have to face that. Sometime during all of this everything built up beyond what I could handle. I started cutting myself with a sharp pocket knife. My dad has tons of pocket knives so it wasn't hard to find a sharp one. I did this quite a few times until I got really determined to quit. I have been clean for 39 days, but the urges keep getting stronger. I finally found a viable method of suicide and I feel like it's my only real option. I thought these thoughts would go away once school was out, but they've only gotten worse. I've grown numb to feeling at this point and don't care about anything. There is only one person who knows about this (my best friend) and even she doesn't know how far this goes. She just thinks I get a little sad or suicidal now and again. In public I make tons of jokes and with friends I am often the funny one, but when I'm alone I just feel empty. I know I should get help and tell my parents, but I don't know how to open up and the thought scares me. I just keep everything bottled up and I don't know how to stop. I know this was like an entire life story and way too long (I hope some of y'all got all the way through). I also know that these problems aren't really worth what I'm feeling and aren't even that big of a deal. The feelings are still real though and I would take any advice I can get. Thanks in advance. 
*tips fedora*
P.S. because of me distancing myself I have destroyed several friendships which only contributes to this.