Is There Really No Other Choice?I was... well, not *abused*, but mistreated within a special education program for basically my entire time in school. I was taught I was stupid before I was taught my ABCs. I'm a senior in high school now, been depressed and on-and-off wanting to die since 3rd grade, but trying my best nonetheless. I kept it a secret until I was in middle school, but my parents (especially my mom) haven't really taken my side outside of putting me in therapy. They've done this thing for years where they say I can tell them anything, so I spout out about how badly the program was run and what it's taught me, only for them to defend the *program* over me. Recently I called my mom out on it, but then she made it about her. Her main priority was telling me that I better not be running my mouth to my friends (that I don't talk to or see) about her and that she's "not going to say she's a terrible mom," like I even asked her for that. Therapy helps, but I only go like every other week and it's really, REALLY not enough. I still think I'm a retard. I still know I'm not gonna go anywhere in life if I'm so piss poor at school. And I still know I can't rely on my parents in those 2-week gaps.

I wanted to just deal with this by putting that aside and loving my parents anyways, but a lot of resentment has built up. They did almost everything else right for me as a kid but they've consistently dismissed me every time I said something about ableism making my life hell and my G O D has resentment built up. I hate hiding it, too. But this is the only way to deal with this; doing therapy with them isn't gonna fix it. That, and I don't WANT to run after their love through having "talks" in therapy. If 6 years of me telling them how I feel through tears and anger isn't gonna work, and my older brothers standing up for me, then what will?! My therapist acting like a mediator won't save me for the bullshit my mom'll probably spout the second we get into the car afterwards. She's not gonna listen! She's incapable and no one but me sees that! 

There's only one way to make this better though, and I don't want to do it because it's terrifying and I could die.  I have this plan to sneak outside one night with 2 bags packed for a trip to the psych ward. I'm going to walk to the train station and maybe sit on the ground with my legs dangling over the tracks. There's a suicide note already prepped for my parents to see; I'll be sliding it under their door when they're asleep. I'm gonna be really scared and I'm going to force myself to contact a helpline and tell them what I've been doing and that I'm waiting for a train but that I don't wanna do this. Which isn't a lie. They'll have to call the cops on me to take me to the hospital, which I'm already prepared for. Whether or not I'll *actually* attempt and get fully in the tracks or not depends, I guess. But yeah, I'll have to stay in the hospital and then psych ward for a while, and hopefully I can get the help I need there. Not to mention that the scare will make my mom listen. If I actually die, the end effect is the same. 

I wrote the letter this morning and I'm scared to try. I don't know what to do. I know it's extreme and manipulative but I swear this is probably the only way to fix set things right with me and my mom. I always have to do crazy shit to make the adults in my life actually stop and pay attention. For example, I broke a bully of mine's VERY expensive phone in 7th grade in an attempt to get suspended because the entire class was treating me like shit and no one was doing anything. And it worked, my guidance counselor was horrified. 

I'm willing to put my life at risk to get what I want. But... I can't believe that there's really not even any better of an option, anymore :,)