I don't see the point in going on like this.Hello, I would like some advices about what I should do. I am almost 17/male.
My parents divorced when I was 5 years old and I had to live with my mother, we didn't really get along but she was the only person I had so we both made an efort and it worked for some time. But for the last 2 years we had many fights and things weren't the same, I didn't feel safe, loved, protected. Now I moved with my father in Belgium (I'm from Romania) thinking that it will be better. My dad already had a new family here, a girlfriend which had 2 children (they had been together for about a year and a half). I tought everything is good here, a stable family and it had been like this for a couple of months, but now my father started drinking very much every week, fights are always happening, but a couple of nights ago he took it too far. He told me go to buy him more alcohol at midnight, I said him that he should stop drinking and that is too cold outside to go now (everyone was sleeping and I didn't want to wake up them by going to search clothes, money, etc) and he started screaming at me. He dragged me outside in a t-shirt and shorts (there where like 5 degrees C and I had problems before because of going out in the cold without proper clothes, I suffered from sinusitis and would be fainting a couple of times a day. I had to stay in hospital for some time because of this). He managed to wake up everyone and they didn't take it too well that he forced me to buy alcohol in this situation. And after this argument he broke up with her (I really liked her, my brother and sister) but now he is jobless and we got to find a new place to live. I've had a couple of attempts before (I tried cutting, pills) and I think it would be easier to take it that way. Right now I can't go back to my mother and here I don't think I can do it with him drinking all the time.

I can give you a little backstory about what happened before that made me try it but it hurts real bad so I would rather avoid it if possible.

Thank you in anticipation for all the help.