I don't want to live as an inferior human anymore.Hey guys and gals, I really need a place to get this off my chest so here it goes:

Im currently 23, turning 24 in January. This summer I was bed bound for the whole of the summer due to brain injury.
This accident happened, as I was getting my life back on track. Giving it all at uni, doing sports as much as my knees allowed me to, and trying to get to know more people.
All of this was an effort, to change my life from being a hermit with poor social skills and low ambitions. I spend my years at uni getting fat and hiding from other people and work. 
Although I got rid of the fat now, I still have strech marks all over the place. This and my not-as-good-as-it-used-to-be physique due knee problems, which won't fucking go away, add to my inferiority complex. 
I feel I have failed life to the core, wasted on of the most important years in the life of a succesful human being, and the milestones I missed I cannot do over. Even if I try to turn it around again, which I was semi succesful the last year before my accident, it just seems to me, that this mistakes will stain my very being forever.  I can be better than now in the future, but the fucking past cannot change, and that is what makes me want to kill myself so so bad. I really think I cannot get as far in life as I could have, because of the lower brain processing power as I got older now(I get a lot of shit for saying this at home, but I really think this is true). This mistakes aren't even reversible, like my stretchmarks, I would have to live with their consequences all my life long, maybe getting equal in (relative, as I cannot undo my isolation) experience with my peers in the thirties, but that wouldn't matter, because I cannot be happy there if I wasn't happy in my early 20s right?

I still try to change at the moment, as im recovering, because I have to choices, giving it all or killing myself. But really, I like the second option so much better at the moment, for I cannot stand being inferior, even if it may be just in my mind.