I feel like I'll never find a purpose for my life. Like I'll never find something that makes me happy....I just always feel unhappy and when something does make me happy it just never works out. I like this girl and I'm a girl. I think she likes me but I doubt it. I feel like I'm just gonna break if i get rejected tomorrow. I'm not gonna confess just ask if she could take me home after work. I just wanna talk to her and get to know her. I feel calm and at ease with her. But I'm scared because I know she won't understand me. I've been through a lot. I'm always back and forth with depression. I don't have anyone that understands it. I just put it in the back of my head and ignore it. I just don't feel like I'm gonna ever meet someone who truely understands me and loves me especially because i can only fall in love with females. I was in a relationship with a guy for 3 years and he just used me. Manipulated me did everything he could to keep me chained down. But at that time i thought i should settle down and just accept it. i'm not with him anymore cus I just wanted to find happiness if it exist but with who I am I honestly don't believe I'll find it. I've been depressed all through my childhood for as long as i can remember. I just feel like i can't stand it any longer just want it to finally end. My body issues drive me crazy physical and mentally. I just wanna find a loving girl thats real. But it's always about sex. No matter who I'm with even if they understand me 100% its just about sex and satisfaction for them. I'm just so sick of it. I feel like I'm completely alone I feel like I just always watch happiness of others from the sidelines while I stand here alone and unhappiness for most likely the rest of my life because thats all I've ever felt is pain and suffering. Am I really suppose to just take it and suffer endlessly like my mom did? She gave everything to her religion it never did anything for her. No matter what I feel I'm bound to a life of suffering even when I go through life being positive people just throw it back at you and hate you even through its just fake happiness.... fake smiles fake hope.... This is why i held on to my first love for 10 years... she gave me something to fight for, a purpose even if it was unrequited even if it hurt. it was still better than feeling so empty.... just having nothing. I can have everything in my life cars money job etc and not feel happy I don't care about that stuff I never have. The only thing in my life that has ever made me happy was the feeling of love...wanting to protect someone with everything you have. I love that feeling but it never lasts.... I'm just lost, and truely suffering.....