My friend only interacts with me when she is drunk and threatening suicide.I have a friend who I've been best friends with almost all my life. We used to be inseparable until she moved away when we were in middle school. Since then, we've seen each other infrequently but it's always like picking up where we left off. She is like a sister to me, and is a second daughter to my parents, who also love her dearly.

She has dealt with more shit than anyone should in life - abuse, drug addiction, alcoholism, she's abused and been the abuser in romantic relationships, just a terrible hand at times. In the last year or so, she has gone through more hardship - robbers breaking in, a bad breakup, losing a job, trying to get sober. Every time something has happened, she has called me, slurring and incoherent, begging me to give her permission to kill herself. I talk to her, and I try to let her feel heard and offer advice and empathy, but I really don't feel equipped to help. The calls usually devolve into her yelling at me about how my life is perfect (far from it: I've battle/d my own mental health demons and have worked hard to stay healthy) and how I couldn't possibly understand, please let her go, she wants it all to end.

For the past 2-3 years, she has not texted or called me besides to have a 1+ hour phone call of me talking her down from committing suicide. I've tried to have a relationship with her besides being her emotional support, but she doesn't talk to me when things go well. I feel drained by the relationship and feel like it's totally one-sided. She never asks how I am on the calls, even. And how I am is totally wrecked after every call.

I've contacted her parents for episodes in the past, but they are nearing the end of their rope due to her verbal abuse when she drinks. I've also given her the suicide hotline number and encouraged her to stay sober, practice self care, and talk to a therapist. But what else should I be doing? I just can't field these calls forever for the sake of my own mental health. She just called me tonight and I know I'll be dealing with the aftermath in my emotional health and continuing the conversation with her. I don't know what else I should do. It's so hard to listen to someone you love say "let me go, please let me go" while sobbing.

TL;DR: My childhood friend only calls me when she is drunk and incoherent, threatening suicide and begging me to let her go. I don't have the mental fortitude to keep taking these calls. What else should I do?