I'm sick everyday, lonely, disability, life ruined.I saw my therapist today and she was about an inch away from sending me to the hospital psych ward. I spent a week there 2 years ago for less suicidal thoughts than this. 

I've been fighting an IBS flare up since January. I have no appetite and have to force feed myself. Some days I only eat bread and/or animal crackers. I have chronic sinusitis issues that give me horrible sinus headaches nearly every day until I take a handful of ibuprofen. I also have severe chronic psoriasis on top of my (balding) head and all over my face under my bears and on my nose. I don't leave the house anymore unless I have a Dr appt or to pick up meds. 

I can't hang out with my friends bc my stomach is always in pain and I never know when or how many times I'll need to use the restroom. 

I'm 34 and live with my parents because I was a software engineer and being in a cubicle for 8-10 hours a day everyday and coming home to an apartment by myself sent me in my first tailspin that put me in the hospital. 

Now I feel like I'm just being tortured by my illnesses that the doctors can't seem to figure out how to help. My anxiety and depression is through the roof. 

The ONLY reasons slowing me from killing myself are that my cat Brutus loves me and is scared of all other people and I don't want to leave him. And then I don't want to make my friends and family mad at me for killing myself. So I endure this tortured horrible lonely life mostly for Brutus. I have a detailed plan that is simple and fool proof. 

I'm on disability since I can't work. I can't leave the house. My therapist kept trying to find someone I know to help me but there is no one. No one that understands and could handle my level of suicidalness. 

I'll probably have to go to the hospital this weekend but my parents and sister are in Canada right no on a mini vacation and I need to take care of my cats and my sisters cats. 

I don't think the hospital will help anyway. I'm on so many meds they barely fit in my pill box. They help sometimes but right now is not one of those times. 

Tldr: I'm allowing myself to be tortured by my chronic illnesses and not killing myself because my cat Brutus would miss me too much and everyone else would just be mad at me. 