Feeling so overwhelmed, tired, and lost.I'm 24. I live with my mom, who is disabled and extremely mentally abusive and manipulative. I think she has borderline personality disorder, but will not get help. Previous attempts have failed. She has chased away everyone from both our lives. Even most of my online friends. I am currently engaged to an absolutely wonderful guy, but he lives in the Us and I'm Canadian. It will take 7 months to a year to get the marriage visa for me to move there.

I know I should be happy for the light at the end of the tunnel, but I just keep feeling more hopeless. My mom doesn't work or have an income and has no one but me, So I feel awful leaving her. At the same time, this is seriously damaging me. And she constantly attacks me, gives me guilt tripe, and threatens to kick me out. When we file for the visa, she says I have to leave and she keeps my stuff....even if I end up on thw street for the months it will take.

This is too much on my fiancee. He could lose his job because he is So worried about me. I cry all the time. Feel So overwhelmed. I tried to call the engagement off a few time because it seems impossible to me. I keep pushing off filing because I am So scared of my moms reaction.

I feel like I'm a failure of a daughter, fiance, friend, person. My friends don't want to hear about my problems anymore. I don't blame them. I've been stuck in this home situation since my dad died years ago. Even before really. And I feel like I have to fake being happy So my fiance stops worrying about something he can't fix.

It's like taking the healthy steps are impossible. I can't afford meds. Last time a counsellor was involved my mom caused So many problems she was forced to walk away from me.

I keep thinking about killing myself. I don't know how to face the next year between now and my new life. I can't bare to think of the suffering it will cause my love, or the thought my mom will probably either disown me,  make the process a hell, or never stop harassing me with guilt trips. part of me doesn't want to come home from work today. I start in an hour and keep thinking about just turning off my phone as nd disappearing. Just ending my life alone.

I don't even know what posting this can do, but I've helped people here before under various aliases and have no one else to talk to... 

Sorry for the long whiny post.