No combination of medication over 10 years has helped with my bipolar or suicidal ideation. I'm very close to giving up. I don't see any way out anymore.I'm an artist.  Or rather, i was. I actually had a job interning to be a professor, but I quit because I was suicidal. This is not the first time. My family encouraged me to come back home and get better. But now they're just looking at getting me on disability and threatening me with a group home. It's been another year and I'm just a burden. I dont even have the inspiration or will to draw anymore. I haven't drawn in almost a full year.  I've been on and off concoctions for depression, bipolar and anxiety. Every person in my life has given up on me on some level, or hates me. I feel like it would almost be easier to receive electroshock therapy or a lobotomy. I feel so alone. I have a lover who doesnt even want to be my boyfriend because of how dangerous and at risk I am and because we get into physical altercations while I am delusional. I will probably never be married because I am so difficult to be around. I will never have children because I cant not be on meds and because i am unlovable. I dont have meaningful relationships with my family.my brother and mother hate me and my father just puts up with me. I have almost been completely shut out and my mother blames me for my father's declining health. They even took my dog away and say hes better off without me. I am not homeless, that I can be thankful for, but it just makes me feel like a burden to my father. He deserves to retire and forget about me but he just took on a new job. Even when things are looking up there is a part of me that thinks about taking every pill I have or slitting my throat and wrists again. When I am on a balcony i am thinking about jumping, when I am driving I think about how fast I can crash into something. As the years pass I have become more and more jaded and empty and I've heard it all before. People could say I'm dual diagnosis but honestly I just dont want to feel anymore. I'll do anything to make it stop. I dont want to see anymore. I dont want to think anymore. I am worthless.