I don't know anymoreSo my life is just horrible. Typical family issues growing up, ran away in 7th grade and ended up living with a local librarian/tutor who became a friend of the family.  Fast forward to now, 19, and have put all my burden on this unlucky guy who took me in.  My family doesn't give him any help supporting me. He does it out of his good will he says.  I feel as if I have burdened his entire life. However, that is not the issue her, just a small quick background on me. 
I am in the Army reserves.  I ship out for some additional training in about a month or two.  I have been with my current (ex)girlfriend for just over a year and a half now.  I had cut everything off for her, including family and loved ones.  She was controlling and mentally abusive.  I feel as if I am not worth shit to anyone.  She finally broke up with me, for good this time, as we had been on and off very frequently over the past few months.  It has been 6days since we have broken up, and every day just gets worse and worse for me. I have tried communicating with her, but she wants nothing to do with me.  We broke up because she just doesn't feel it anymore. However, with the damage she has done to me, I feel as if she is the only person that I can be with.  I don't feel worth it to anyone else.  I don't have much in life, but what I did/do have I cherished.  Now I don't care for anything. Most people just see me as an outgoing person and wouldn't even think twice if I was sad or not, as nobody has seen that side of me. But in reality I am drowning in depression.  I really want to end it, as I don't really see happiness in my life anymore.  I know I can live through life etc, and just be a mediocre nobody who is just alive because he was born, with no purpose or motivation, but I don't want that. I want happiness in life. I want something. I NEED something in life to keep me motivated. I miss the comfort of having her there, of having her hold me. That is the only thing I was looking forward to every day for the past year and a half. Without it, I have nothing, and my days are dull and lonesome.  
I am posting this because I don't know If I want help, advice, or just to vent, or maybe even just to say it before it happens. I am not very good with details right now in my mental state, so sorry for that. I don't really have my composure as of now.  