Killing myself this monthYeah, basically the title. I've reached a point I know there's no return from. All my homework has piled up to the point there's no way I'll be able to do it all, even although it's basically 100% of my mark/grade. I won't be able to reach anything I'd like to do so why even bother. I wanted to sing. Not even professionaly. Just casually to enjoy my own voice with my own instruments. Welp, recorded myself, listened back to it, total trash compared to the original song I was trying to get done (Break my heart again by Finneas). I wanted to be a goalkeeper. But this one maybe push it a little far and see if I could make a living out of it. Broke my leg like 2 years ago and there's no way I'm going back to training with my team. I can't run, I have no resistance, etc. I wanted to be an engineer, too. Robotic, electric, I really don't know yet. Doesn't matter anyway. According to my mother there's no way I'm becoming an engineer with my current grades/marks. And i'm too fucking dumb to work it out a little and try to get better. So that's fucked too. I wanted to maybe become a professional player for some game, maybe R6S, Cs:Go, but i'm absolute trash at all of them and not even near pro level. Nor is any team ever invest into me when I'm so obviously a failure. I wanted to be a professional guitarrist too. Teacher, specifically. But (and i only suspect this) I most likely had attention deficit which I was never helped with even given the obvios signs i didn't pay attention. Ended up throwing my music knowledge out the window and only kept on playing guitar with the bare essentials. Most likely no way I'm ever learning what i missed out on. I wanted to do programming, but I'm so fucking useless with it. It's apparently designed for people who don't get annoyed at something they don't get right at the first attempt. 

I've hidden everything I need to end my life in my room away from my parents. I'll probably try tomorrow. I don't want to keep on trying to get all of what I have to do done. No point, i know there's no way I can do that. And if I fail this term and repeat. I'm killing myself. Guaranteed. Not because repeating is bad or shit like that. Because I'd loose the basic contact I have with my few friends.   


Thank you if you read this long.