Back again and still don't know...I still don't know what's wrong with me. Why can't I be normal. Why can't I just be fucking normal. Everyday, I feel panicked and like I'm going to die over the smallest, stupidest things. I'm talking teeny tiny shit like my cat leaving paw prints all over my white counters. Or when I don't clean my kitchen. Or when there is clutter everywhere. Or going shopping and there are so many goddamn people around. I ruined the relationship with the guy I wanted to be with. That's all I've fucking wanted. But I laid my hands on him and shoved him around. And I ended things for good because I feel so ashamed to be around him and look at him anymore. I don't want this. I think he wants this. He didn't fight me. Didn't ask me to stay. Just let me drive away from him and didn't say a word about me staying. I've been making myself gorge on water to make myself feel full and then I force myself to throw it all back up. And I do that until I'm so tired, I finally go to bed. It's helped me lose weight, but I honestly do it as a punishment for being this way. I would love to cut, but it's hard to heal those kinds of wounds with the job that I have. I feel like nobody wants me now. If he doesn't want me anymore, who will? I hate myself. I hate myself for my mental problems. I hate myself for being so scared to actually try and kill myself again. My first attempt didn't go well and I'm scared of putting myself in the hospital. I've been in therapy for a year and two months and on medication for almost five. Why am I not better yet. Why am I still the same. I've been thinking of ways to kill myself for the last two months and I don't know how I can do it. I don't know when would be a good time. I've been waiting for an appropriate time. I don't know what to do when the time comes. I'm tired. I don't want to carry my burdens anymore. I don't want to feel so shitty all the time for just simply wanting love and existing. No matter what I do, it isn't enough. It's not good enough. It's not how they wanted it. It's not what they wanted. It's overshadowed by the things I've said and done wrong. So why even bother. I can never redeem myself. I'm a failure and a piece of shit. No good for anything. Everyone throws me away for something different. Everyone throws me away because I'm defective and broken. I can't have children because I'm scared I'll ruin them. I'm scared of having children because I don't want to become my mom. I'm so sorry I aborted your baby. I'm so sorry that I even came into your life. Because you wasted all that time and money on me with nothing to show for it. And all I have to show for it are the scars on my leg and the weight that I've lost. I'm sorry that I laid my hands on you. None of it was your fault. I'm sorry I lusted after other people and tried to date someone else, but you fucked another girl and I still cry over it at night and don't tell you when I do. You fucked another girl. And I stayed. But I ask one guy out, and all of a sudden I made my bed and should sleep in it. You read my journal. You breached my security and trust. I thought I could finally begin to trust you again after you fucked her. But you proved me wrong. And you didn't even read the other things I had to write, only my most recent entry because you don't care about my feelings. You only cared about what I had to say. Not how I felt. When I kill myself, I want you to know that it's your fault. It won't be entirely your fault, but a large part of the reason will be you. Still don't know when. Or how. I just hope Luna will be okay. I think she's the only person who will really be the most upset over this, since she's the person I talk to the most anymore. Even my best friend doesn't talk to me anymore. No one I love stays in my life. I just want to give up. This life holds nothing for me. I'm scared of marriage. Scared of children. Scared of being with someone. Scared of rejection. Scared of being told I'm crazy and have too many problems. Scared of being told I'm too emotional and sensitive. I wish I wasn't scared of dying and wasn't scared of what was on the other side. Because if I wasn't, I would've killed myself forever ago. I'm sorry, to everyone, that I ever existed. 