I hope the next life is betterI hate my life so fucking much. I’m 20 living in my boyfriend’s asshole uncle’s piss yellow basement paying off his mortgage simply because he’s my boyfriend’s uncle and “needed help”. I was the only one in the house working in December and January and I worked enough hours for everybody (3 adults), because said asshole uncle would rather let the kids downstairs work for him than get a fucking seasonal job (he’s a landscaper. This happens every winter. The only difference is now he had someone to take advantage of). I had to pull the self-isolation card because I’m so exhausted since I haven’t had a break since last November, and I work at the shittiest excuse for a store that ever existed. People shit on our floor, throw things at me, call me names, threaten me (seldom but sometimes making true on the threats), and everything else under the sun. The thanks I get from the uncle (or as I like to call him, my landlord) is he drops in unannounced, helps himself to whatever is in our half of the house, while insulting me the whole time. “Why don’t you guys eat healthier? Go organic! I’m making some stir fry upstairs right now with the healthiest top of the line ingredients!” WELL I WOULD LOVE TO FINE DINE ON FILET MIGNON AND VEGETABLES IF I COULD AFFORD IT BUT I CAN’T BECAUSE I’M SO BUSY PAYING OFF YOUR MORTGAGE I CAN’T EVEN AFFORD MY MEDS ANYMORE.

My happily medicated boyfriend sits at home while I drain myself more and more every day looking at porn and pictures of Instagram models and suicidegirls (not this kind) thinking he’s “getting one over on me” by doing it when I’m gone like I don’t know. And now I feel so lied to since this has gone on for 2 years and I don’t feel like I can trust anything he says. He calls me beautiful and I see his favorite models. He clearly has a very specific type that he likes to look at, and it is what he subtly pushes me towards. I got nipple piercings for him, almost dyed my hair and started getting tattoos but I couldn’t bring myself to it. Not that he doesn’t work the idea in every now and again. Every time I close my eyes I see everything I’m not and every time I look in the mirror I see everything I am which makes it worse. I could look like them too if I wasn’t fucking wasting away in the shithole I call work. I’m a constant shade of green/white/yellow from a mix of exhaustion, depression, and lack of sun from being in the store all day. All we have is mostly expired snack food and ramen and I have little to no time to properly exercise. My hygiene is good but it’s not Tip Top Pristine because our shower only has 10 minutes of hot water. 

I don’t have family, and I don’t have one real life friend. I have one friend I talk to online and I’m not even sure what they look like, and I can’t bear to talk to them right now because all I seem to be able to put out is negativity. As for family, my mother wittingly took the side of the man who cut off my clitoris - which my boyfriends uncle not only somehow knew about, but very graciously came down to remind me on my 20th birthday). It shouldn’t have been a shock considering she tried to sell me to her dealer with a condom when I was 12 or 13. I talk to my dad but I only met him 3 times before I turned 18, and have only met him a handful of times since that. And as much as I love him, I don’t know him, and he spent most of my life in prison so I can’t relate to him or vice versa on much. 

I feel like the one thing (besides medication which is out of the question) that would give me the most relief is a dog, but my boyfriend’s frog face mom fucked that up for me. We found a stray, hungry dog - absolute *sweetest* thing - I felt an instant connection with him and my boyfriend said if his uncle said yes we could bring him home. We called his uncle who did say yes, and as we were about to get him in the car, his MOM called us and told us no. She hates me because bf didn’t stay over at her house the first Christmas Eve we were together (no fault of mine. It was his first Christmas out of his parent’s house and he wanted to have his own because he’s “an adult now”. He didn’t even tell me we were asked to until a week before and he said “but I don’t want to and already said no”). We showed up first thing in the morning but it wasn’t enough, and she hates me for it. So she loves to flaunt her big happy nuclear family (2.5 kids and all) right in front of my fucking face. She said she would call the cops if he ever brought me to their property again, and tried to brainwash the whole family against me. She’s the only one that crazy though; the rest of his family are nice enough to me but if they’re caught talking to me they’ll get in trouble. She almost divorced bf’s dad for asking how our heater is holding up this winter. 

Anyways, not only did she call and convince the uncle we couldn’t get the dog, she said we couldn’t get the dog because her neighbor had a German Shepherd (my favorite fucking kind of dog and she knew that) that needed a home and she wanted to give it to HIM (the uncle). Who already had a dog. So now, he has two big dogs and we have none, and he spent forever telling us we couldn’t get one because “our house isn’t big enough”. His dogs stay on his floor which is the SAME EXACT SIZE as ours. Technically, we should be able to have two big dogs too but all I want is one of any size. But it’s “not big enough”. And bf’s mom tried to give the dog we found away on Facebook. 

I’ve been holding out hope because “end of May” was supposed to be the end of having to pay off this motherfucker’s mortgage, and now I’m finding out it’ll just be dropping from $1000/mo to $800. Of course, I find all of this out second hand because even though I’m the main provider of the household, “I’m a woman and decision’s are the men’s work”. So I find out my own fucking financial situation like a 1860’s housewife opening up the daily newsletter as everyone just trusts the information will make its way down the grapevine to me and I’ll be perfectly content with it. 

I’m exhausted, I’m ugly, I’m used, I’m broken, and I’m done. Nobody has ever treated me like I’ve treated them and I’m done giving everything I have and getting nothing in return. I’ve accepted I’ll never be truly loved, but this is the last day I’m dealing with it.