why is it so fucking hard to be happy :(((i don’t deserve this life. i should be grateful and i’m not. i wake up everyday with this emptiness that won’t seem to go away. i’ve tried everything but as the days go on the life just keeps getting sucked out of me more. in the past few months it’s gotten to a point i never thought i’d experience, i truly never knew how much hurt one could feel so intensely and continuously. i think with everything going on it just intensified this sadness, it’s like day after day moment after moment i’m constantly seeing such fucked up things happening on the news and hearing about such terrible things people have done. every time i hear something new i just hurt so badly inside. this worlds such a fucked up place.

i hate showing weakness to anyone. i put a brave face on to others and i’m always peppy and outgoing in public but what no one knows is how much i cry in silence. to most i probably seem like the happiest person, which is the absolute most fucked up part, because if i were to actually off myself i know, I KNOW it would absolutely and completely throw alot of people off and fuck them up for a while because i come off as so fucking confident... when in actuality every time someone is looking at me they dont have any clue that i am thinking of all the different ways i could be killing myself. my depression makes me feel like i’m living 2 different lives im just fucking sick of acting like i’m okay. i was doing decent for a while, i’ve been dealing with the sadness and empty feeling since a kid but when anxiety came into the picture about 3 years ago fucking forget it, that cocktail of crippling anxiety and depression is enough to make just about anyone not want be alive anymore. it’s indescribable.

i know i need help. i think that’s a good thing. at least i’m not too far gone. maybe one day i’ll actually get it for myself. praying for all of you on here. i hope we all find our place in this messed up world. we are all just delicate little souls that need to be nurtured and cared for but only you can do that, you know your needs best. peace and love x