This is my friend post, please provide your comments, it means something to her.In physician, there isn't my own time, it switches between studying and exam,

In freshman and in sophomore I could live with that but junior at mid-team I must exam 2 times per weeks.

studying is everything, it is life.

When getting no good grade, they feel like a second-class citizen. The only way to leave that state is to study, but I can't, I don't know how to.

I feel like shit in the sigh of society and my own family. my self-esteem has almost nothing left, feeling depression and a coward when asked by society but I couldn't say anything. I don't wanna meet my family and I feel live for nothing.

I can't concentrate on the exam. I can't find the answer even I have known the questions before.i must memorize all the answer like the child, working only an easy work that anybody can.

I feel awkward, no society, no relationship. I must endure when I was bullied because of my face. every time I was suffering, I would sleep. Sleeping is a way that I feel good or doing useless thing, losing money and health so others think I am not interested in studying because of that.

why don't I wanna make it better, but the result has never been good.

I feel no exit for a long time but not forever. Crying and thinking to die every day, I am unbearable with this circle, only 1 step left, I almost have jumped.

I thought to resign but I feel it is hard to be here(i am on the clinic(5 years) only 1 year left to finish). if I have graduated, everything gotta be fine. thinking makes me crazy, i is hard to choose to resign or not, even I know I can't do anymore, I fear to feel suffering forever when choosing the wrong way.

My family is proud of me only the past of the youth of me. Every day I feel down, lower and lower, not sure how should it end

Like I said on the head, studying is life, there must be intellect if not no need to live.

Not so long will be my birthday, everything will be the end, the problem is me, no me no problem.

Thank for every Comment, it means something to me.