Don’t feel sorry feel happy for meI’m going to do it on January  1st 2020. My decision is final and here’s why:

1. I can’t find my place in society. I’m lost. I don’t know what I should do in the future and all the people I trust don’t respect me. Except for one person but I can only FaceTime him because I moved to a different country. I have plans for the future but they are just impossible to fulfill and knowing that I lose all motivation to live.

2.I’m a bad person. Maybe even a psychopath. I don’t care about anybody except my dog and me. When I look in the mirror all I see is a depressed loser who doesn’t want to bring anything good to the world. I make kids mad and cry for my entertainment. I don’t care about people anymore. I don’t trust them. One moment they are your friend, the other they bring you down so bad that you stand with a knife in front of a mirror wanting to cut your wrists and imagining how nice it would be in eternal darkness. 
I smoke. I’m a huge disappointment to my parents. I’m bad at school I had to repeat the year twice and failed twice. My parents invested high amounts of money for education and I failed them.  I make the teachers mad to the point that they drop my grade from a B+ to a F.

3.My philosophy is fucked up. 
Why are people so obsessed with bad stuff. Drugs, Crime etc. If that’s what they like why not give it to them. Well they alway talk about famous killers and how they shoplifted something or got into a fight with somebody. Nobody talks about charity or doing good in the world. Well so I thought I kill myself with a message. I don’t know what I’m going to do but it will be something very public. I’m not going to hurt someone physically.


In December I’m going to start to give all my stuff away to people who need it and on New Years eve, after I experienced the change of a decade and hear the fireworks all around me I’m going to die and my life would be fulfilled without fulfillment. Thank you for reading. And you won’t hear about me after the start of 2020 anymore. Have a good day or night and I wish the best to you and hope you don’t end up like me.