I just want someone to acknowledge that I existI'm always alone.  So very, very lonely.  Almost two months ago the person I thought who was my best and only friend told me "I don't think its worth it being friends with you anymore".  I form codependent relationships, and every single one of them has ended in betrayal.

When he stopped being friendly with me, I stopped going to work.  I was fired.  I shut down as a person.  I retreated into a world of being high during every waking moment, but I ran out of weed two weeks ago.  I don't leave my apartment except to go to Starbucks so I can avoid cabin fever.

I know I'm not supposed to let how others view me impact my self-esteem, but I can't help it.  I haven't spoken to anyone who knows my name in over a month.  I look at the people around me and wish I could form something more than failed friendships.  

I could kill myself, and it would take a non-payment of my rent to alert someone to check on me.  Right now my impact on the world is limited to the few dollars I throw at Starbucks for some tea.

I feel numb all the time.  I think if a complete stranger were to hug me I'd start sobbing.  

Mom and dad gave me some money so I could pay my rent, but honestly I don't care if I default or not.  When did I last pay any of my bills?  I can't remember.  I'm not sure what day it is today.  Oh, it's Thursday?  I sleep through most of the day - well, I sleep whenever I feel like it, which is most of the time.  Asleep or awake, the world doesn't care.

I am so desperate for human contact, but at the same time I am absolutely paralyzed when it comes to meeting people.  I don't know how you all do it.  I've never made a friend I wasn't' introduced to, and this is the first time in my life where I am literally friendless.  There isn't anyone to introduce me to anyone.  I didn't have any friends in grade-school.  

I cannot convince myself that I won't always be alone.  I would kill myself, but I'm scared.  I just want someone to talk to.  I'm tired of feeling empty and lifeless and alone.

Edit:  I lost most of my friends because I had faith in them and [came out as being transgender](http://www.reddit.com/r/asktransgender/comments/jgelw/what_was_your_journey_toward_recognizing_that/c2bw28i).