29F. I would appreciate having someone to talk to right now. (preferably same age or older)I'll try to sum up what's going on. Basically, I've been dealing with depression for 17 years now. Anxiety for almost 10. I've thought of killing myself almost every single day since I hit puberty. Right now, suicide seems like the best option.

I'm so tired of being alive. I work a dead end call center job, which isn't actually that bad (it pays $15/hour, which is fine for the midwest), but I have mental health issues that prevent me from going back to college and getting something better. Along with PTSD, I was also diagnosed with insomnia last year. None of the medications I'm on help the PTSD but I do have ambien for the insomnia, so that's a plus.

My best friend is currently dying from cancer. My brother, who I share an apartment with, is a manipulative shit, even though I love him. We've been working on our communication since deciding to live together (we also work and currently commute together) but apparently he's been "saving" lots of things up to use against me during our next disagreement. He deals with similar anxiety and depression issues and is also medicated but neither of us feel that our depression is seriously impacted by SSRIs. Any time I try to increase dosage, I start dissociating and my anxiety goes out of control.

I've almost totally given up. Tonight he and I had a fight and it helped put some things into perspective. I've been keeping myself alive for his sake, but I realized that living with me probably isn't good for him if he really dislikes me so much. Even though he claims to hate and resent our mom, the two of them seem to naturally cooperate much better than he and I do. I think he would feel less stressed and obligated to "grow up too fast" if he lived with her.

Right now I'm planning to commit suicide at a gun range. If possible, I'd like to talk to someone who understands and isn't going to try to come up with a hundred reasons why I shouldn't. We don't really know each other that well. But I would still appreciate having someone to talk to so I feel less alone right now.