Nothing seems to helpIt's been a while I've felt this way. Anything I do I feel I fuck it up. Currently, I feel my gf just changes from loving me and telling me she's so happy, to treating me like I'm a piece of shit that don't exist. But even on the good days, where she's really happy and treating me like I'm the best thing ever. I'm just never happy. And no, I don't mean with her, I just mean overall. 

I feel like I accomplish nothing in life. That I have no potential in anything. Before I met my gf that I have now, I was in the hospital for a week because I took a bottle of ambien, xanax and a lot of shots of liquor trying to kill myself. 

They had me on meds that just made me act completely off key. Slurring speech, always looked drunk, couldn't function so they took me off them. I couldn't afford to keep going to therapy and psych with my insurance. So now I have nothing. I don't know what to do. I can't find anything to make me happy and my life just doesn't feel like it's worth anything.

I get advice to "just stop", "just do this", "just deal with it". All, of course, don't actually help... If it was that easy I'd just do it then. I've tried. I've spent 1000s on meds and thearpy. Spent years in it and just never got anywhere. Tried normal therapy for years, hypnosis therapy, anything I thought that might work. Nothing even helped me feel any better. And to be honest, some therapist looked at me like I was nuts when I'd tell them stuff I'd do. I mean not the "it's in your head" type of look but actually the "ataken back" look like you just told somebody something so crazy they couldn't believe it.

I can barely get out of bed in the morning. Some nights, when my gf isn't there, I just mix 151, jager shots and drink it out of a 12oz glass straight, wake up in the morning and go to work and start all over. I don't know what to do. I just hate my life and I wish I didn't fail at my first attempt. 

I just can't take it, I'm sick of everything. I just want to go to sleep and not wake up. I don't know what to do or how to deal with it anymore.

Anyway, thanks for listening.