My mind is my enemy. I want to do it.I'm venting here. 

I find myself writing notes and erasing them. I've been suffering with these suicidal thoughts for a few years. I'm 26 now, turning 27 in August.
In 2017 I attempted suicide twice, once in December 31st and once a couple days after my birthday. I tried hanging myself but the belt broke and I took a box of panadols but threw up while I was asleep (I was also drunk). That morning I just woke up.

I've dug myself too deep into a hole I can't escape from at this point.

I'm with this toxic girl for the past 5 years and we got married in March. 
She started getting mentally abusive after we decided on building our home. Always with the accusations of cheating and stuff like that. Her insecurities made me leave my job where I worked because there were women working there and I've been unemployed when we needed the money the most. During that period though, she financed building our home for around 4 months BUT I did hard labor daily on the home (which saved us much more money than we would've put out to pay workers to do the work). Her ways got so bad that I started breaking down slowly. 
Idk how this started happening but eventually her persistent nagging gets me so frustrated that I started punching my head like 5 times. Its something I've never done before. 
I know alot of people would say theres two sides to a story and I probably do stuff as well and sometimes I do but its usually me arguing back in defense of myself.
Anyway, once we finished building our house her attitude got worst and if things dont go her way she cries and cries in front of her parents and brothers (who usually sees through her bullshit, her brother who I am close with warned me before we got married and said I'm making a mistake). 
I got one of my dream jobs which she has a complete problem with because I work with a girl. She stopped me from producing music and going to the gym. I dont know what about me doing something that makes me happy that infuriates her.

Before calling me a simp or a fucking beta because I entertain her attitude understand that I don't but now that I built a house with her its difficult because of the investment in time, work and money.

Anyway theres a million other things but the point is that my family and her family forced us to get married and now theres no way out. I want to end it all. I've always wanted to. I can't do the things that used to de-stress myself especially going to the gym because of her father and her. They constantly tell me I'm wasting money going to the gym and they both nag. I'm so sad dude. Im in a prison. I want to die. I already made a date I want to. I'm just worried about leaving my grandma, mom and sister behind. 

She started getting physically abusive recently and if I push her away from me she says I hit her instead. She always blames me for the things she does.