I have no idea how to be a normal, functioning adult.Hi everyone. Here's a laundry list of reasons it makes sense to just kill myself. Ready? I just turned 22, been working at crappy fast food job for about 4 years now, also been going to community college for about that long due to poor planning. Got a second job as a receptionist with my friend at a tiny computer repair shop, had to quit after a month because I am actually terrible with people and was too quiet and generally incompetent and bad at organizing. 

Short and skinny as a rail, couple this with the fact that I have a boyish face and required to shave all facial hair for my job so everyone always treats me like I'm a kid. Have an eating disorder (Selective Eating Disorder) since childhood that I still haven't outgrown where I just can't bring myself to try new foods. I eat maybe about 20 things total and have tried seeing doctors and therapists about it but most haven't even heard of it. I can't go out on dates with anyone since they always want to eat at a restaurant. It makes eating with new people very awkward since I have to explain why I'm not eating.

I am somewhat withdrawn; I have a few friends that I've kept since high school. I'm too nervous to invite them to do anything with me though since I'm way too awkward, I always wait for them to invite me. I spend almost all of my free time on reddit or playing games.

Still live with my parents. My younger brother just graduated high school and is about to move out (he got a huge settlement from when he was attacked by someone's loose dog when he was a kid). He knows exactly what he wants to do in life, has tons of friends, and is all-around way more successful than me. 

Oh and did I mention I'm gay? I had a guy I dated for about 2 years before we broke up and I'm still really in love with him. He can't call me anymore though since his current bf hates me. I have no idea how I'm ever going to meet anyone.

Am currently majoring in computer science but I really hate programming and I hate going to school. I don't even know why I'm doing it to be honest. Started a new Assembly class today and didn't know how to do anything the professor wanted us to do (everyone else in the class already has a career programming and had no problem). I nearly started crying in front of everyone. I really don't want to do this but I've spent so many years and so much money into this major that I feel like I'll be in school for another 3 years if I don't just keep with it. I hate it so much, though.

I'm so tired of this. I'm so tired of being alone. I hate having the eating habits of a 3 year old. I hate being a freak. I hate disappointing my parents. My dad is always asking if I have a girlfriend yet. He wanted me to join the Air Force like he did at my age, but I can't due to my eating disorder. I just think about killing myself practically every hour of every day, not even exaggerating. What the hell do I do? How does it get any better??