My life isn't even that hard... [RANTING]My parents are still together after 10 years, my grades are all above 80 (and above 90 in some classes), we're not the richest but we can live with what we have, the only reason I don't have a job is because of time restraints (I could get one though, judging by the compliments I get from others) and I only have mild anxiety when it comes to presenting to people.

I'm well liked at school and have a few talents. I'm obsessed with language; writing, reading, and speaking in both French and English.

I have no reason to be depressed...

But I am.

It's been about 4 years now? I've lost count. I've always wanted to end it all but I never had the strength to do so. I used to go to this shitty school and it was full of toxic people and horrible teachers, but I'm not there anymore. My new school (been there for 2 years now) is amazing and I've even broken some of my lisp problems that I developped at the old one. I had a reason to be depressed back then. Multiple, actually. My 'friends' kept trying to force me into things I was uncomfortable with, the top bully in our school kept sexually harassing me, and one of my closest friends at the time sent out a rape accusation against my dad.

That day I learned a LOT.

Luckily, we won, and I was able to show the police some /explicit photos/ and get the friend in trouble. She wasn't charged because she was under 16, but she was grounded for quite a while.

I'm over all that. It's in the past, and I've learned very valuable lessons from my dad about it.

So why am I depressed?

Why do I want to kill myself?

I took 9 of those Pepto Bismol chewable tablets. You're not supposed to go over 8. I have a bit of a headache and I'm twitching a lot, and sometimes my legs will involuntarily move.

I won't die though. If someone can take a bottle and more of tyonel and survive, 9 tablets of this weak Pepto shit won't kill me.

I'm hoping it does some damage though. I'm hoping it'll scare me out of future attempts.

This is just a rant.
If you read it all, sorry for wasting your time.