nothing clicks with me and im tired of itSKIP TO END if you want the skimmed down version. This is all just venting/context

I feel incompetent. I just don't have instruction following skills. I am always a massive mess when it comes to being productive and contributing, because in all walks of life, I don't know what the fuck i'm doing. I'm 18 and have worked a total of one job. I couldn't imagine myself working anywhere at all. Let's say I do fast food, I'd be the kind of worker who mixes up drivethru orders, over or undercooks food, or has no idea how to properly maintain machines. If a manager were to give me any kind of complex set of instructions, I wouldn't be able to follow. "Go stack A on B so X can get it to Y." I'd freak out because I wouldn't know ABXY, or I'd find some way to fuck it up, or constantly be believing I am fucking it up. All science classes I took in high school, I wouldn't have done as well as I did (aka just passing) if not for group labs and projects. Instructions: "add the contents of beaker A to beaker B" may as well be a satanic ritual. I wouldn't know where the beakers are, or what the contents are, or what's supposed to happen. I just never understand what I'm doing, no matter how much I read the instructions or try to learn how something works. I always do shit haphazardly at my greatest tries. Can't draw for shit, can't learn anything right the first five times, don't understand instructions, can't be independent. I'm not independent or competent, and the time will be over I can rely on others for such things. Examples:

\-Putting my sheet on my bed with all corners flush, or folding clothes properly

\-Properly ordering dishes to be compact in the dishwasher

\-Moving things with someone properly. If I were to be moving a couch with someone, i'd be the buffoon to make the other accidentally drop it, or for it to get stuck in a doorway, shit like that

\-Can never understand people, verbally or the content of what they're actually saying.

\-Shit communication skills that make me start cursing myself out instead of saying what I want to say, if it is at all complex. It's the worst thing ever when there's urgent shit going on (lifting a heavy object, or an emergency), and I can neither understand nor communicate.

\-Haven't gotten my permit or license yet because driving scares the shit out of me. Doesn't help that my main ways around are on the interstate I can see from my house. Changing lanes at 80-90mph, or negotiating through intersections or parking lots, other shit drivers with no patience, all of that sounds like a nightmare for me. 

There's just a general aura of incompetence with me. I don't do anything unique or special. No instruments, not an athlete, uninvolved at school. Not even good at the video games I play, CoD multiplayer became too hard over the years. Hung out with some people for the first time in awhile yesterday, and although they were teasing, it hit hard when they said I was a NEET (currently finishing high school online, will get to that later). It really fucks with me a lot that high school is supposed to be one of the more meaningful parts of your life. I am very envious of the people who leave a legacy. To have been the really smart kid, or on a sports team, or to have generally been a reputable person. I don't have any of that, and if anything I am regarded as sort of weird.

I started this year (senior year) going to school every day. Was taking AP, in journalism so I could go to events and shit, and generally started off strong. Until it got progressively worse. There was a guy who I thought was my friend. We can call him Steve. He's a pretty smart  and funny guy. High grades, good classes. Interesting and healthy hobbies. In the band, cross country, lacrosse. Might be the valedictorian, not sure. Either way, definitely a respectable person that will be remembered. Over time he slowly became more and more demeaning of me. Said some shit about "people thinking you're kind of dumb" when we were casually goofing off in class, when I did some stupid shit he would and has already done. I'd ask him a question about the subject at hand on a few occasions, and he would be a scumbag about it as if I was provoking him or I too dumb to understand. "I dooooonnn't know" in a malicious tone. One time while we were joking I did the classic fuckboy "huh you think you're better than me" and he made it a dead serious point to say that he was. Even randomly choked me out once for no reason, and did a lot of shit like standing awkwardly close to size me up. Shit like that just piled on, but I just don't see him as a dick for it. And here's why.

Since i'm still in high school and living with my mom, i've told her all about it. Her narrative is that despite Steve's obviously engaging, healthy, and successful lifestyle, he's unhappy on the inside to be pulling that kind of shit on me, and he's likely done it to other people. He's just so much more respectable than I am, which makes me believe im lower in the hivemind of a social structure that high school is, and by extension the world. Therefore I firmly believe I deserve it, and he was figuratively "taking out the trash" by dealing with me the way he has.

Also had a girlfriend, and despite that she initiated the relationship, she never put effort into building it, it seemed. Dryer than the sahara in texting skills, never held up her end of the conversation. Hung out outside of school/school related events a total of 3 times. One week this year, she started getting passive aggressive. Tried to talk to her about it and got nothing. Leaving without me in class when we usually go together, changing seats, being actually passive aggressive and evasive. Don't mean to sound possessive but shit like that adds up. Never talked to me about any potential problems. Then she broke up with me at the start of a class as I sit down because she "can't handle the stress of being in a relationship." But it's ok, she said she didn't want me to think it was me, even though she gave me 20 other fucking signs it was me by treating me like shit. I foolishly tried to reach out following the break up, but she blindsided me again by calling me before I was ready to which I couldn't really formulate what I wanted to say about what she did. That was our last contact. I put more effort into the breakup than SHE DID.

Since those two people have fucked me over with reckless abandon by saying and doing shitty things, it exasperated my already severe depression and low self esteem. I stopped physically attending because I felt like I had nobody. It was already a small school with smaller classes and the same people, and I either felt disconnected or hated by them. But now that I don't go at all (still getting diploma), all I can think about all of the time is how shitty I am for being home all of the time. How much of a failure I am for not doing anything in high school besides academics. Not leading a legacy, or getting to graduate alongside people I would have liked to have gotten to know. Not being likable among my peers. Having those achievements, memories, and engagement with the outside world is So. Important. And my mental health has suffered because I don't have it. 

This school is down the street from me and every weekday I imagine them all having a jolly time as i'm at home cutting myself, working on tedious online school, or getting high. I have friends i'm still in contact with in a different state, but I don't get to see them face to face. High school is over and I didn't do jack shit because i'm socially and functionally incompetent. I was a black sheep at every school I went to.

Going back to my mom's narrative, I was abused a lot until I was closer to 17 yrs.  Not physically, but had to deal with a lot of screaming, being screamed at, demeaned, etc, by my dad. How he would apparently shoot me down whenever I tried to enjoy or achieve anything. Was expected to do everything right the first time. Fucked up or did something really dumb? Couldn't even get a firm talking to, it would always be cursing, screaming, scary, or all 3. Was the kind of dad who would throw out elementary school art projects and all other sorts of wholesome shit. Had a lot of health problems which led to his decline in vision, and used his self induced (don't want to talk about how) illnesses as leverage to make the world feel bad for him. It fucked me up and my mom thinks it's why I've had the problems I've had. She always has something good to say about me but I don't believe any word of it, because the rest of the world may as well either not care or not see it.

I'm in DBT group and individual therapy, but with all due respect to the intelligent doctors of the field, it all sounds like horse shit. I understand the concept of the wise mind, but it only feels reasonable that I come to the conclusions i've have because i've been treated like shit and squandered by my own self my whole life.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

If I could describe myself with a fictional character, it would definitely be Leonard Lawrence (aka Gomer Pyle) from Full Metal Jacket. "Slow" as they'd describe it, disliked by his peers, which devolves into trauma and mental problems. Who knows what that character has canonically been through.

The basic version of all of this (tl;dr) is I feel incompetent and unable to be responsible, independent, reliable, and functional. I haven't worked in almost a year and am afraid to do so, as well as drive. I cannot fit in socially, and it shows in how I am treated by people. Steve, who isn't some thug, but a person that has a lot to give to the world and is liked. The one time a girl liked me enough to pursue it, it ended up harming me in the long run because my emotions were completely disregarded and I felt disposed of. Didn't do shit in high school and feel like a failure for it. Don't know how to not be dependent. So much shit in life at this age I haven't done. When I left school, the every day anxiety of feeling like a fucking moron made me lose 20 lbs by virtue of being physically unable to eat. Had it rough growing up. I hate myself for complaining, but I just don't know where to start. Feeling this way makes me suicidal