If I have no positive qualities, why should I live?I have no skill or ability at anything. I have never won first prize or even second or third or fourth or fifth at anything. I got sixth place in something once. 

I am not good with my hands. I cannot easily remember things. I need to ask basic questions about anything repeatedly until I can barely and passably complete any task. My mind does not function properly. I cannot write or calculate numbers. I can't build anything, my hand-eye coordination is too poor and I am too physically weak for the military. I am so socially disabled that I could never be a public speaker, and my voice is too nasal to be able to sound convincing or powerful. I cannot supervise others, as I do not have the build and raw power to be one. I am not kind or compassionate, have no inclination to help others aside from myself. I cannot draw or write or dance or any kind of creative expression. 

I have no means of obtaining an income beyond minimum wage. I am genuinely too pathetic to get a job above that. I am too physically unattractive to find a loving partner, my face does not have the square jaw and hardness of a man, just pale and formless like a child. I've tried to grow a beard to hide it, but it's obvious that I'm just an androgynous boy trying to play at being an adult. My facial features are too big for my round head, I look and act too soft to be taken seriously. I could not hurt someone even if I wanted to.

My personality is overly agreeable and timid. I am only a subordinate and a follower, not a leader. I have no value of any kind as I have no kind of job that makes me seem valuable to others. I mostly keep to myself so that way the only one insulting me behind my back is me. I am not valued or cared about by anyone, I will not be missed by anyone when I die. I'm only there when no one else is around. I am not liked or hated, not desired or repulsed. I am literally invisible to all other people, only there to distract them for a moment with a blank slate they can project themselves onto. 

I dream of my own death, dying heroically. Trying to stop bank robbers or pushing a child out of the way of a moving car. Every time I see a cop, I wonder if I can get him to shoot me dead for a minor offense so I can become a martyr. Every ledge and knife and gun becomes symbols of my own freedom, that brief pain leading to eternal nothingness and the loss of my own identity, which is what I want more than anything else. I don't want my body or my name or my personality anymore, I want to be anybody else. 

I am happiest when I am drunk, and I suspect that once I'm of age I might deliberately develop an addiction so I don't have to think any longer. Every time I drink is nirvana, an orgasm of the mind, my brain becoming too weak to flood my mind with all the parts of myself that I hate about myself. I am too square to be part of the drug scene, but I would overdose on purpose if ever given a chance. 

Only the knowledge that these methods fail almost every time keep me here. I end every day praying to God that I will not wake up the next morning, that the prison sentence he has subjected me to for twenty years will end. Life is prison, God is the warden, my death is the ultimate escape. 

No matter how much danger I try to put myself in, I am safe. I am cursed with life, cursed with good health, cursed with a continual existence where all my mind can think is how much it stops wanting to exist and think for itself. It wants a lobotomy and a coma, anything to make it stop. All of my energy consists of showing the world what they want. 

I don't make money, I don't impress girls (all of whom deserve better than a sad ugly sack of babyface making minimum wage), I have no friends and no life to speak of. I don't even know what I'm typing, I'm just typing something because complaining is all I have left, all I can do is type and the right words never come out. I am so goddamn tired of existing, I want my torture to be over, I want the embrace of death, of nonexistence, of nothingness. I envy those who are already dead, those who don't have to live in this noxious hellhole, in this flawed and fucked up universe made by a God who not only allows us to hurt this badly, but gets off on it. God gets the hardest of all hard-ons watching us hurt. I know he hurts me and all others because he likes it. And I hate God with every fiber of my being, I hate Christ and Muhammad and Buddha and love that they all died painfully, I consider them Satan and not the other way around. Religion has failed us, morality has failed us, life and living have failed us, and the only solution is death.

And the only one who feels this way is me, because I'm insane. If I wasn't insane, I'd be off partying and working and fucking and doing whatever other people do to numb themselves, but I don't even have that for myself. I don't have one little thing that can comfort me, no confidence or knowledge of my own importance. I am in awe of my own disgusting nature, I am in awe that one as pathetic as me could be allowed to exist. If I lived in Nazi Germany, they would've gassed me in the chambers immediately, turn me to ashes and dust. 

This is not the writing of a mentally sound person. I have no intention of hurting anyone else, I don't want any more pain in this world, I don't want anyone else to hurt the way I hurt. The only one I want to torture and inflict pain on is myself. I wish myself all the most intense tortures, it is what I deserve for not being like the others, and yet being so ordinary at the same time.

Nothing works, nothing helps. I beg of you, end my suffering. I will do anything to make it stop.  