I was given everything to succeed in life. And somehow ended up messing it all up. Thinking about checking out of life.. suicide thoughts just wont stop....It all started In 2009 when i was a sophomore in high school. In 2009 i suffered i started feeling like i couldn't catch my breath which caused me to have panic attacks. Doctors said it was "anxiety" but i was literally waking up choking gasping for air. My way of thinking changed right after. I started obsessing about my breathing. And thinking i didn't want to feel that panic i got when it felt like i couldn't breath. Due to this my grades and social life suffered. It felt like i lost my self. Forward to 2011 when i got sent to a Alternative school because my grades were very bad. I just couldn't focus on anything in school due to all this stuff. My parents have always been very supportive of me. But i could see the disappointment in there face when i told them i was being sent to a alternative school. Because they always had high hopes of me graduating from high school with high grades and going into a 4 year university right after high school. So i ended up going to a community college after i graduated. They got me a car and payed for everything. I ended up getting a part time job at a retail store. I couldn't focus in college either so i dropped out and kept working at the retail store. Forward to now 2015 im still working this dead end job and just to top it off i got screwed on a car deal a month ago. car broke down the same day i bought it. So now i feel like a complete failure. Feels like ive been stuck since 2009. Feels like all i do is mess up. Even though my parents set me up to succeed supplying me with a car and housing love and support. Now here i am in 2015. A 21 year old living with his parents. With no bright future. Paying monthly on a broken car that sits in the drive way because i cant afford to fix it and i don't want my credit to go bad. Because ive read that good paying jobs look at credit reports... And also me and my family have 3 months to move out because the landlord wants to fix the house.we were notified right after i bought the car.. So my parents are struggling financially right now to save up for us to move. And i feel like a failure when i cant contribute to help them financial because i got myself into a big mess. It feels like they put everything into my future for me to succeed and help them get out of this financial struggle. But i have failed. working a dead end job with no degree.... Im thinking of ending it. But i don't want to leave my family with the costs of a funeral. So iv been thinking of ways to end my life were they wont find my body. Rationally i know suicide isn't the answer but im just tired of feeling like this. this cant be the way life should be lived. So im really thinking of just ending it. 
Sincerely, 
A 21 Year old who was set up to succeed and messed it all up!!!!!!!!!!