I want to disappearEverything hurts. I'm in pain. Everyday is an obstacle. The medications don't work. The friends don't work. 

I'm new to reddit, but I've been lurking for the past few months, but I wanted to post here because I just don't know anymore. I want people, even if strangers, to know my story.

My whole life has just been a lieu of pain. Childhood emotional abuse and mental abuse was at ever corner. Cops constantly visited my school to get me to go home with my mother at the end of day when I didn't want to. Middle school, high school, you name it. Left alone all the time so my social life was fucked from the beginning. Even after my parents divorce and my dad finally getting custody of me, the pain still didn't end. I was constantly put in a position of ridicule for not being into sports or something "normal". 

The one time I showed and displayed suicidal ideation, my father chucked my personal computer, that I paid for on my own, against the wall telling me I'm stupid and that I belong with all the other "retarded" patients in a mental hospital. I didn't want to go to hospital. So I've never been hospitalized.

I wish I was. I hate myself. I hate myself. I'm not good enough for anyone. I'm not great.

Recently my "best" friend pushed me out, and now she's just mean to me. I've done nothing to her. Now she's my "ex" friend. I feel forsaken. I don't know what I'm doing wrong. I don't have many friends at all. 

I just want to end it all today. I don't care anymore. The consequences I couldn't care less about. I'm just a college student with nothing going for them. My grades are falling. My love life is going to shit. My friends are leaving me. I want to isolate and die. 

I want to END it. I want this pain to go away. I want my friends to leave. I want my parents out. I don't care about funeral costs, I don't care about how other people feel. I don't really care. I won't ever get into medical school. I'll never be a psychiatrist. I'll never be a counselor. I'm nothing. I'm fucking ugly. All I fucking do is play Overwatch all day and hope I feel something. I play and main widowmaker. How ironic as that. 

Fuck my life. I just... should go away. I have nothing to contribute anyway to this fucking place.