Pushing 30, wife, mother, daughter to suicidal parents, and having a hard time justifying why I am even here.My parent's out was always to threaten suicide when things got difficult. They had a rough childhood and put a lot of emotional burdens on me about it. My mom, especially, used me for emotional support. . . I would almost label her as a narcissist, but I'm not a professional psychologist. 
I am almost 30 years old, a new mom to a 20 month old girl, wife of my high school sweetheart, and I wouldn't say I've accomplished anything. And that's not all. I have serious emotional baggage- and I emulate my parents habit of suicide.

Most recently, tonight, I have thoughts that my daughter would be much better if I was not her mother. My husband would be better of he married someone he actually likes. 

We had an argument earlier that involved continuing my bachelor's degree, money, and whether or not I was being visited by aunt flo. (Cause I'm super emotional about wanting to accomplish something for once.)

Him: "Degrees aren't everything." 

Me: "I know, but it would give me an edge when I start looking for a job in several years after unemployment; and being a stay at home mom." 

As always ends I end up yelling, acting crazy. . . .then holding myself in our bedroom alone to cry. What kind of mother does this in front of their child!?! The kind of child that wishes I wasn't their mother. The kind of mother who is just screwing up their child in the process. Then my husband sits their cocky and cook as a cucumber. . . Just seems like he's egging me on. I just don't know what to do with my life. I hate myself more than anything. I just wish I found purpose, happiness. I just want to know why the hell am I here if I can't change!! And here I am desperate on the internet cause that dumb ass suicide number doesnt fucking work. I do see a therapist. And I do tell my husband how I feel. I just dont see anyone actually caring enough for me to hold on anymore. I dont want to want to die anymore.