Not suicidal, just need someone to hear me.So basically, I did my taxes today. I'm in the hole 2500+.  I only made about 31000, and got 4 thousand on unemployment.  I'm single, no kids, but it's as if that money that I made should keep me sustainable, and it really doesn't.  I lived with my parents for almost the whole year last year, and apart from helping him pay bills in the house, I had my own bills that took care of whatever money I made.  I have wage garnishments, and other shit that takes my money, so I'm always poor.  I am sick and tired of this bullshit.  I barely make ends meet, and I'm still in the hole no matter what I do.  I get pissed of at companies like GE that don't need tax breaks and who need to pay taxes coming off scott free.  Right now, I am holding on to approx. $73 dollars, which will take care of my gas for 2 weeks, TWO WEEKS in California.  If you know anything about the gas prices, I don't think 73 will get me by for 3 days, let alone 2 weeks.  Then, I found out that I have a new garnishment taking effect on my next paycheck.  It's a stupid garnishment from a boy who sued me for a car I was making payments to, but he fired me and we lost touch.  It wasn't an expensive car.  it was approx. 2K, but I'm being sued for that much because of his lawyer fees.  I'm just dirt poor, and I feel like there is no end in sight.  I'm pissed at myself, at what I accomplish, but most of all the people who take advantage and don't pay shit (LIKE GE).  I don't know what I'm going to do with $73 to last me 2 weeks, I can't ask my parents, they are poor and my dad hasn't worked since 2008. I was thinking of asking for an advance at work, but that's only going to cut into my next paycheck, where I'll have to use to pay rent ($850 1 bedroom, by myself).  With the new garnishment, I'll be lucky to make the 850, let alone a little more to have for gas.  I just am close to giving up and disappearing, or just going homeless, stop paying all my bills and say fuck it all.  Anyone else feeling the desperation like I am?