Suicide Hotline Operator was a bitchShe wouldn't listen to me whenever I told her stuff and kept insisting that I was a liar when I said that I'd already looked online for therapist. I told her how tedious and hard it is to find a therapist in a timely manner and she goes "no, it isn't tedious. Just go on PsychologyToday.com." I said, I've already tried that website and that no one is going to schedule with me in the next month to fit my schedule. I've also tried my insurance's website to find providers and also E.R room referrals. She told me I was lying and that there were tons of listings for my insurance and kept ignoring me when I said that most of those people only set appointments months out or don't fit my work schedule. She then kept trying to end the call by saying "call us back if you need any more resources" and I'm like, I DO need more resources! What more resources do you have? And she said " I would give you resources, but I bet you'd just lie and pretend you've already tried them out." Like, what the fuck??? 

I don't know if I'm wrong for being suicidal lately. I guess the world we live in really just doesn't give a fuck about me and isn't going to help cure me. And I'm unable to cure me. I mentioned this with her, and how I was wondering if the world is an apathetic shithole that isn't worth staying in, or maybe if it is an uncaring shithole but is still worth living in and all she had to offer was "if the world was so evil, then hotlines like these wouldn't exist!".. I mean, people have to put some kind of volunteer work on their resumes. So that doesn't work. I wish she would've just frankly said "yeah, no one gives a fuck about you but you should man up" instead of trying to lie to me so sloppily.

I can't believe I've really exhausted what looks like all of my resources. I'm at my wit's end. I've got two suicide attempts under my belt already, third time's the charm. I'm surprised I've made it 19 years. Not proud, just surprised. Disapointed. Man, I fucking hate this society. Everyone's an ass. Kindness is dead or superficial. Humanity is hollow. We live in hell. At least, I do. My whole life, I've been beaten down by an uncaring, godless wasteland. There's no home for me here. I'm going to get as high as I can for as long as I can and then kill myself eventually. Fuck all these privileged glutton's and their satisfactory smiles when they get to see my corpse and laugh "I told you so." I don't even care anymore if they know how terribly I was abused as a hard-working and studious child or how good of a person I've been while they spent their childhood and adulthood fucking off and living in excess, being care-free dumb fucks simply because they can afford to. Nothing mattered anyways, I guess that only upsets me because I was hoping it could be otherwise. I'm disgusted by this mess. Maybe what really upsets me is personal trauma which makes the littler problems of life unbearable but fuck the assholes who chose to make me suffer while I've done nothing wrong. And fuck whoever became a suicide hotline operator just to talk down on the person calling for help.