Should I worry about my suicidal thoughts or is it just self-pity?I am sorry if this question is dumb but I feel very unsure about this. I often think about suicide. Its not that I have a bad life but I often see it as a way of escape if my life goes bad. The last months it feels like I have been thinking about it a lot more. I have never seriously tried to kill myself. I mean 2 years ago I was so tired of my porn addiction that I went to my balcony and got on the railing(im not sure if thats the word english isnt my first language) and sat there thinking about jumping. I am usually very scared to do things like that but I was just tired. That was one time. A couple of weeks ago I was driving my car and I felt so strong that I should drive into a tree. I felt so much guilt and shame for being a very bad person that I felt that it was better to just end it. I have to be honest I got a little worried. I talked to my therapist and a pshyciatrist and I got some medicin for it. They didnt think I was depressed but that I struggle with some compulsive thoughts.   


Today I realized that I dont know if I will ever get free from this porn addiction. If I am going to do it I have to tell my wife all about it and there is a chance she will leave me. THis made me think about suicide again. If she leaves me and find someone else I would be happy for her but I think about ending it if that happens. I am absolutely not telling her about this. We are good right now but who knows. I usually just think about it but I have noticed that I am not sure that I want to do it. Today I caught myself wanting to come to the place where I really want to do it. I am feeling a lot of anxiety about this and I feel that it would just be a relief from all this feelings of guilt and shame. At the same time I dont know if its just self-pity. That I dont want to be an adult about this situation and instead think about suicide to feel sorry for myself. I am sorryu if this sounds confusing I just feel unsure if I should take this serious.