I was supposed to die on January 24... [X-post from r/offmychest]... But I'm still alive.

I was supposed to get hit by the train. A suicide.

I have never actually feared my own death. I have thought about it alot but seen it as something bad. Everyone dies sooner or later and it's not something that is possible for anyone to avoid so why are people so afraid to die?

I thought I was ready... But now I have realized that I'm not so different from other people.

She havn't done anything wrong. You can ask anyone that knows her and they would all answer the same. She's innocent. An angel as pure as the first snowfall of the year. Why would she, of all people, deserve that the person she loves, the person she wants to spend her future with, took his own life. And all because she was too afraid to love him. Too afraid of what her parents would think. They already hated him. And they didn't even have a reson to hate him. They said that a reason wasn't needed... She can't and won't see him.

That letter I sent to her... 'I love you... And I understand that you can't see me, but I'm too stubborn... I will never give you peace as long as I live. So for both our sakes... I will take my life so that you can live on a better life...' How could I even think that would have been good. "I love you so much I want to kill myself for you"? I don't deserve her... To be with her... To love her...

But at that time this seemed to be the only option. And I was determined. That day... January 24th... Was supposed to be the day of my death.

I gave my friend the letter... Told her to bring it to 'that' person. Without knowing the context of the letter she agreed. Meanwhile, I and another friend, my closest friend, decided that we would go and spend the lunch break at an nice place we both like. McDonalds. And we had something special with us. Two examples of his favorite beer. Arriving at McDonalds, I decided that at least my friend would have a bit of enjoyment so I payed for the meals. On our way we went a little detour. That detour passed the railroad. The place of my death.

I asked him about the time. 11.40. 15 minutes before the train arrives. 'Let's drink them now' I said. As we stood there I only had her in my mind. She was the only thing that had been in my mind that day. He looked at me as if he already knew what I was going to say. I told him. About her, about the letter and that at this day and at this place I am going to die. I had enjoyed my last beer and my last meal together with my best friend. What a fitting act before my death. He said that if I wouldn't come back with him he would beat the living shit out of me. Heh... We both know that was not going to happen. He isn't the kind of person to harm a friend, even in this kind of scenario. But he wouldn't need to.

The bells were ringing. It was time. But there was something wrong. I was trembling... My hands and my legs were shaking.I wanted to run away from there. As far away as possible. I was afraid. Afraid of what was coming. For the first time in my life... I was afraid of death.
Why..? Of all the times to be afraid. Why now... I was already standing on the railroad with my friend trying to drag me away. I could se the traind coming closer by the second. I could hear it loud and clear. I stepped aside and watched the train pass us by.

How could this be? I was so determined. I was supposed to die! Why was I alive? The train was supposed to run over me. I was supposed to die...
With tears in my eyes I smashed my fist into the ground. I was furious, but also happy. I was screaming in misery, but also relieved.
What have I done... I have scared my best friends, all my teachers in my school. And her... I am despicable. I am trash that only have brought pain and agony to the people that actually matter to me. How am I supposed to look them into the eyes now... After all I had done.

It is now sunday as I'm writing this... I have lived 4 more days than I was supposed to. And I am going to see them all tomorrow... I don't know how it will go... I wasn't expecting this, so I don't know.

Thank you Reddit for reading this.