Trying to hold on for family and friends who (at least say they) love me, but I don't know if I canI've been off and on suicidal for most of my life. The earliest I remember thinking of taking my own life was at age 6 or 7 because I was raised Mormon and in that "religion" 8 years old is what they call the "age of accountability" and they believe that anyone who dies younger than that will go straight to the highest levels of exaltation in heaven. I'm atheist now so I know it's all hogwash, but this was me at a young age knowing that I didn't enjoy life, knowing that I wanted it over, but fearing not going to heaven if I didn't do it soon.



Suicide (and finding ways to do it) has been a subject of my internal dialogue for almost all of my life. I've been very close to attempting a multitude of times, but can never follow through even with the attempt. I have been building devices over the past week or so that will make it impossible for me to turn back once I've decided for sure that I'm done, since I don't own a firearm.



I've been attempting to get my life together and have been failing to even get close to where I would expect to be at this point. I'm 22, have bipolar, and can't seem to hold a job for more than a few months at this point (and since being medicated, my cycle has basically just sped up, so probably not even a few weeks anymore) and I haven't had the motivation to set up an appointment with a doctor to get evaluated for financial support. I know this is on me, and that just makes me feel worse.



I want to have some relief and thought I had friends I could talk to about this and get shit off my chest and get comfort, but apparently not. My friends say they'll be there for me, but when I'm in a time of crisis they are always too busy. I have no idea what to do or how to make myself do it. I'm frustrated with life, with society, with myself, and with the universe.



I can't do this much longer and I'm not going to family members or to my counselor...or really anyone at this point. I'm not talking to family because they'll just send me to a psychiatric institution and I definitely will kill myself if I have to go back to one of those. I can't talk to friends because they apparently either think I'm not serious, or that I'm being a drama queen, or they just don't give a fuck. Can't talk to my counselor for the same reason as I can't talk to my family.



This is my only outlet right now because I cut off all of the online friends I had due to them being toxic to my life and they were the people I normally talked to about this. So I'm stuck not being able to talk to anyone who says they care about me because they apparently don't want to hear it.



This time next week I might be at my breaking point and nobody will be able to say they didn't see it coming because I warned them multiple times. Sorry for the long post, but it's not as long as I *could* have made it since I have far more to say about why I want to off myself.



TL;DR: Thanks for reading.