Everyday is filled with painI really just need someone to listen that I don't know in real life because I'm scared of the consequences of bringing this up. I will try to not make a wall of text as much as I can but please try to read.

I've had a history of anxiety/depression and currently am taking lamotrigene and klonopin to manage that. I'm 21 and entering my senior year of college soon, and I am so fucking scared. In less than a year I will be graduating college with a terrible gpa (can't be better than 2.7 even if I make straight A's from now) because I was in an Engineering program that took me 3 years to figure out that I couldn't handle so it ruined that. I became a general studies major in math music and education because I couldn't decide on what exactly my passions are and feel directionless. I'm going to try to branch out more but I'm basically always 100% stressed out because of job opportunities after college and losing all of my friends I've made over the years as they move on with their lives and find jobs elsewhere.

This is all important because I had the best friend in the world for quite a few years, and a little less than a year ago we decided that we couldn't live without eachother, might as well date, lots of happy crying and whatnot. We fell in love quite quickly and I will say that I was probably in love with her for years, seeing as we hung out about every other day.

A couple of months ago when our old leases ran out we moved in together. Everything seemed perfect, I found a reason to live, my depression cured. Mutual love really is the best thing in the world and without it life seems gray.
Quickly after moving in together she became distant and less affectionate. Last monday she spoke about an old ex who she felt ended prematurely and has been texting him regularly, and full on cried about how she felt torn. She's also depressed and bipolar so it could be a phase, but it hurts a lot all the same.

I can't in a reasonable amount of space convince someone that doesn't know me or her how much I feel for her and how important she is to me, but just know that I literally love her more than my own parents. She's become much less open about discussing the future and when asked about our relationship she says 'We'll see where it goes."
It's all driving me mad, life really isn't worth it without love, right? She brought me the most happiness anyone had ever brought me, and now I feel crushed because it's much less reciprocated. If she doesn't leave me now, she'll leave me when she graduates in less than a year, it feels like.


It hurts so much, I live with her. I see her posters, her room, her clothes, her food, EVERYTHING. Everyday. I can't just escape it. Everything in my home screams at me and tells me to be depressed, I can't walk to the refridgerator without seeing something and saying "Huh, we got that when we were really happy. I'll never be happier than that." It fucking sucks.


It doesn't help that she brings up bad stuff and then has been leaving frequently for vacations while I'm left to do summer school classes with intense indoor work and struggling with mustering the willpower to continue despite my pain. I feel so much pain that I can't sleep at night, I wake up in the morning and I feel like I fucked up so hard by falling madly in love with a girl with so many personal issues, in the sense that I don't know if it's even her fault.


Everyday I daydream about ending all of this pain, researching different ways that might be painless and entertaining the idea of just getting my klonopin script next month and taking it all with some liquor or something. I don't know, man. I'm in the most stressful part of my life and ontop of that I love this girl like no other, I've been in a few relationships before but I just know that life can't possibly get better than that, I reached the happiest point of my life with my best friend and girlfriend, and continuing on with this amount of pain feels pointless. A life without my best friend is not worth living, she's the only person I've ever been able to confide in.

On top of this I feel like I should admit that the past month or two I have become a mild alcoholic, drinking the equivalent of a 6 pack nearly every day. I also have started smoking weed about once an hour while awake, and benzos do a wonderful job of suppressing the pain. I take adderal, though, so that allows me to do all of this but still get good grades in school somehow. I do it all to hide from reality. Oh man, I'm just laughing at how fucked up things are getting so quickly.

I'm sorry if this was a bit long, but I appreciate your time.