I feel like I’ve lost my mindMan.. life sucks. This will be a long summary of what led me to my caption above. 

I (26F) am so tired of living. Every single day that I wake up feels like a struggle so I just stopped waking up. I sleep all day. I sleep until it’s the middle of the night and then I wake up because I can’t sleep anymore. I hate my life. 

In summary, I was born as a refugee and brought here as a severely malnourished child with many health related issues that I overcame. Due to the fact of assimilating to America as a small baby with a mom who barely could speak English and 6 older siblings with severe PTSD, we had an extremely rough upbringing. We were starving and hungry most of our days. We landed in New York and were brought to Boston. The income disparity between me and my peers were staggering. My older siblings got jobs to support us and my mom fell into a deep depression that debilitated her and in turn made her completely bed ridden.

I wouldn’t consider my mom abusive but after going to therapy, I found that I was severely neglected as a child. My mom had really bad PTSD and horrific depression. Most days she stayed in bed as I watched her body deteriorate. She was prone to many illnesses due to her major depressive state. 

My mom had also been brutally sexually assaulted and raped trying to emigrate all of us. Due to this fact she always assumed that I couldn’t be around anyone of the opposite sex, including my own brothers, uncles, cousins, and most especially others. 

My mom would do daily checkups and check my genitalia anytime I would leave the house and come back home, just to see if my hymen was intact still. I was such an anxious kid because of this. I would always jump when she would come around. Yet on the flip side, I was attached to my mom at the hip in a very unhealthy way. 

My dad came to America for two short years and could’ve done so much for us. He was an engineer. Yet he was a scumbag and decided to leave my mom because of his toxic habits and laziness. He went back to the homeland so he could have maids and cooks, and marry a young 18 year old woman who would bear more kids for him. 

Anyway, I was the youngest out of 7. I was advanced in school I did EVERYTHING I needed to do to escape poverty and to escape the environment I was being raised in. I told myself that this life wouldn’t last long. I told myself that one day I would be able to take care of all of us included the rest of my extended family who couldn’t escape the war torn country we emigrated from.

My mom moved us to a different state when I was about 12 years old, so we could be closer to people who were from our ethnicity, since Boston had very little refugees from my country. 

This was the biggest mistake! We went from a city that had ample opportunities, to a place with little to none! We were subjected to even worse poverty and hunger and terrible living conditions. Boston was more of an advanced city, they had programs for people like us and educational opportunities that kept my mind working and my stomach full. 

I spent most of my days daydreaming. I would write a lot and read anything I could get my hands on.. shampoo bottles, textbooks.. anything to keep me from my mind. 

Most of my younger years were spent in my bedroom. I wasn’t allowed to hang out with friends, go to the movies, you can say I was extremely sheltered. I wasn’t allowed to leave the home unless it was for school or a doctor. Me and the rest of my siblings always assumed it was because my mom was protecting us, but as an adult I found out that it was because she had agoraphobia and severe anxiety. She wanted us around because she would have panic attacks if she was ever left alone. Up until this day, shes never spent one day by herself. 

At the age of 12, I skipped my 8th grade year and tested out straight to high school. I was 12 in my freshman year of high school, albeit being socially stunted compared to my classmates, I was cognitively equal. 

I spent three years in high school and skipped my 12th grade year. I was 15 when I graduated high school. I got accepted to a plethora of colleges including Harvard! It was my dream come true. I was finally going to be back in the same city I used to live in (Cambridge, Ma). 

My mom wouldn’t allow it. She said no to everything because I was too young. She instead had me enrolled into a local community college. My dreams were shattered. Everything I had ever worked for was gone.

At 17 I received my associates and finished my degree at the community college. It was at this point when my mom had to leave the country to visit family. This was the first time in my life I spent a single day without her. 

During the time she was away, I decided to be a teenager for the first time in my life. I hung out with my friends, attended parties and smoked my first joint. By this point, most of my older siblings moved out and began lives of their own. There were only two of us left in the home me, 17 y/o, and my sister who was 19 y/o. It was one of my older sisters who took the task to watch over us while my mom was away. 

I met the love of my life while my mom was gone. He was much older than me, but we aligned in every single way. He was 29, I was 17. I’ve spent everyday with him minus a few, up until now. 

I felt like life was finally going to be great. A year later, I got accepted to the local university to finish my bachelors and found out I was expecting a child. I had several good years and went on to finish my bachelors and land a job at the worlds leading tech companies . The depression finally went away.

This is when we were given the horrible news. We found out that my husband was diagnosed with a rare autoimmune disease and was in end stage kidney failure. He required dialysis 3x a week to survive. He lost his ability to walk. My heart was broken. The depression returned. My life turned upside down again.

4 years of panic and anxiety and finally he received a kidney transplant. It’s been 11 months since he received a new kidney and he has a few more surgeries left to help him walk again but I can’t feel anything anymore. I’m numb. I should be happy but I feel nothing at all. 

I turned to alcohol because everything became too much. I became an alcoholic. I drink every day. I drink my days away. I think about how there’s darkness looming around every corner. 


I don’t take my medication because I’ve been down that road and I feel like it won’t stop life from causing me to suffer.I’ve done therapy, group therapy, inpatient and outpatient treatments. I feel like this shit is never going to end. I just want to make it end.


Life is miserable and I really feel like I lost my mind.


TLDR; I had a shitty upbringing and as soon as I thought I escaped, my adulthood was even worse. I’ve lost hope.