Tired of being poorThis feels rather foolish, but I just need to talk to someone and I need it to not be someone who knows me or my internet handles. Maybe I just need to vent at nothing. In any case here I am.

I just feel so tired. I feel like the world is screwing me over and over and I can't do anything. I can't ask my family for any more loans. I don't want to break their trust and most of them wouldn't help me anyway. 

I lied about my rent because I couldn't pay it. Those incompetent bastards let everyone else get away with murder...but not us. Never us. The best part? They truly think they lost our rent, but are making us pay it again because they don't want to get fired or even reprimanded. So on top of having to summon $700 in three days or face homelessness, I have to deal with the knowledge that even if I were being honest these people have no hearts. They are callous monsters and that's destroying me because I'm not that person. I'm that person that believes there is good in everyone. Maybe that's why I feel this creeping need to just put an end to it. Humans just keep letting me down. I'm seeing more and more darkness in people no matter how much faith I try to give them. And I'm really just so tired of being poor.

No one wants to hire me. I feel like I'm ugly. Or stupid. Or just useless. Maybe it's because I'm not bilingual? How am I supposed to pay for life if I can't get paid? I'm an okay freelancer but I'd have to be some sort of word-Jesus to make $700 in three days. It just isn't possible. I can't even pawn my tv for $200 because we don't even have transportation anymore.

Looking up homeless shelters makes it worse. "We'll be okay, baby. Even if we have to live in one of these for a while." It's not comforting. I don't want to be homeless again. Especially without even a car to move around in. I hate this so much. No one will help us. I feel so stuck. Like I'm sinking. It seems like it might be easier just to kill myself.

It's hard to write even and that makes me think I'm still stable enough.

But it doesn't feel irrational. It feels simple and that's what's scary. I've have suicidal thoughts, but this is the only time it's ever felt like this. I don't like being helpless. I don't want to be homeless. I don't want to lose everything I own again. I should be doing work right now. Try to make up every measly penny I can on stupid short stories. But I don't want to. I just want to lay down and die. 

I should go work. Then I can at least say I tried. I TRIED. I'm trying, but I'm tired of being the character in hardship. I don't care anymore if it makes it more interesting. I just want to be the badly written happy-go-lucky book for once. I just want some escapism. I just want to escape. Someone tell me it will be okay. Hearing it from my lover isn't working anymore. I don't know what I want him to say, but he isn't saying it.

Someone say it will be okay. Please.  