Suicide as a safety-net plan? Very triggering post, please avoid if sensitive, caution advised)I made this account just so I could ask this question without redditors who know me finding out. They know I have recovered. But they have no idea about my thoughts on suicide.

Let me start with some history.

I have had a severe case of clinical depression mixed with episodes of erratic behaviour for the past seven years. It was on and off, but mostly on.
I was so depressed I lost friends, jobs, failed courses, I lost the will to see people, lost the will to leave my house, I stopped caring about my family, I lost the will to pursue a future and I tried some drugs and drank more than enough alcohol. I did stupid things with money, I was cruel to some people because I just had no energy and I didn't care and some of my relationships are damaged now. 
But I have recovered from the worst of it and I am better.
Those days are over now. My life is back on track. 
But what worries me still is my attitude to suicide.
My wake-up call to get help was when I started drafting suicide notes and suicide plans. I had a draft will, I had method, strategic plans and how I would acquire the appropriate resources I would use to end my life, I even had a three year plan outlining sets of circumstances that I would use to measure how much more necessary it would be to eventually do it. For me, the timing and the situation had to be right and I had to leave behind some things to make it easier on my family before carrying it out.

It then struck me that this was a serious sign I needed help, so I made phone calls, got therapy, meds and I worked to get better. 

But I still rely on the plan as an idea. Just as a safety-net sort of idea, a ticket out.The fact that no matter what happened, as long as I did some simple things, I would be able to kill myself in the end anyway, and I could just escape my life that way. 
I don't know what this says about me, but I just needed a meticulous plan and it became something of a comforting thought. It still is. 

Even though I am so much better, after medication, some therapy and after changing my life and my social support network, I still rely on the suicide plan. I even gave it a nickname. 
The Existence Self-Termination Plan, I call it. As a joke to myself. I still think about the prescription I have for sedatives, how I could just drink it all down with wine, other medication, maybe use cutting as a back-up plan to make sure it works... 
This is suicidal ideation in a mind cured from depression that is terrified that one day it it will come back, and I am terrified of my life not working out. 
What does all of this mean?
I just need someone to say something.