Nothing will ever get better for meI fucking hate myself. I can't stand waking up every morning and knowing that i have to have this body and that i have to live my shit life. Im only 15 but if i have a whole life of this shit ahead of me i just want to end it here. 

I hate my body, every single part of it. There isn't one inch on it that i don't completely despise. I am somewhat fit in the sense that i can run, do pullups, pushups and all those movements easily, but at 5ft 4 and 110 pounds I am absolutely not what any woman or man would want. I've done weightlifting for about a year (half-assedly) and I've gained about 20 pounds but its not enough. I could have done more if i wasn't an ADHD-addled fuck who could focus because he's too fuckin sad and self-hating and i could have been jacked if i had the balls to look around to buy steroids but i didn't. And every day now even though i try to power through the self-hate during lifting it usually stops my workouts since I'm too mentally exhausted to go on. And because of this i spend most of my time laying around feeling moody so i can't eat to gain shit. Im a fucking pussyass piece of shit and every day i can look in the mirror and see proof of that. No one is attracted to short skinny fuckers like me, and body acceptance is geared towards white women. I know that no one will ever look forward to coming home to the body i have, and I'm sure that I'm a joke among my friends, who are all ripped and actually worth a damn

I hate my skin and my personality too. If my social life was fucked enough by the fact that I'm short and skinny its doubly screwed over by the fact that I'm a paki. South asian folks like me are the laughing stock of the dating world, it seems, since most women go for the white guys, the black guys and the latino guys. I was born screwed over. And my personality is shit too. Since i was five I've been faking a personality as a cocky, extroverted class clown, and it usually works since i have 3-5 friends in every class. But i don't usually hang out with friends, go to parties or do anything a normal fuckin person is supposed to do, since i can tell that the people I'm with can see through my bullshit. Im actually a nerdy, shy guy who usually spends his spare time reading, lifting, cooking, listening to music and doing other shit. Women want a man who is tall, strong, outgoing and has interests like sports and shit, and I'm none of that. Every day I see guys i know go up to girls they don't even fuckin know and make them fall for them. I don't see anything wrong with that, hell I've tried seddit and other PUA stuff but i just physically can't approach people i don't know. People seem to be enjoying conversations they have with me but i can't since I'm always thinking about how awful my posture is, if i said something wrong, what do they think of me, etc. I almost always leave social gathering anxious and depressed over how badly i screwed myself over in them. So i've tried to accept the fact that no one will ever love and that everyone is just pretending to like me, but its difficult. But i know that its the truth and that no matter how hard i try ill always be my shitty self. And i hate that. If i had the balls maybe one day i'd just stop complaining about my shit life and worldview to /r/SuicideWatch and id just end it. I honestly think the world would be a better place if i got rid of my tiny, skinny, stuttering, shy, worthless self. 