The thought of suicide has never been more of a possibility for me, until recently.I'm a 19 year old male who has never been intimate with a woman. I am of course, the one to blame. Throughout my 19 years of living it wasn't until I was 18 when I got really into women, however I did like a good clean girl for 4 years that ended up with her just seeing me as just a friend and worsening my depression. I had lost 40 pounds for this girl, even though I wasn't obese just slightly overweight and had "saved" myself for her for all those years despite having like two opportunities where I could've been intimate with a woman because they seemed interested in me. I've had depression since I was 16 due to being paranoid about a lot of things and I would view the girl I liked for 4 years to be a positive. That if I ended up dating her I'd be happy. I would do things I didn't think I was able to do walk 8 miles a day, diet like crazy, etc. I am aware that this sounds pretty pathetic. I just no longer try anymore, I gained all my weight back and some more, even my grades dwindled despite still maintaining average grades due to my ability to do everything 2 hours before it's due and yet due alright. After her friend zoning me and getting very sad about the whole situation. It slowly shifted to anger, I started becoming misogynistic. I don't mean like a full on woman hater, but more assuming most women are idiots, who don't know what they want, I know this is a bad assumption but even most women my age are very immature. It always baffled me how cute women would go for dumbasses and guys wearing basketball shorts and snapbacks that acted like kids. I went from being shy as hell, to someone who just doesn't give two fucks anymore, isn't scared of anything and actually looks forward to death. When I got into college, currently in my sophomore year I started talking to girls and actually asking them out to coffee. I've had women flirt with me and I've been turned down before either due to a boyfriend, not being interested, and another just seemed to kind of lost interest in me but still wanted to hangout but would never really go past some flirting. I just see myself saying like wtf even 14 year olds have had more luck with girls than I have. Whenever my friends who are a couple years younger than me (16,17) and share stories of how I fucked this girl or how I got a handjob I'm just sitting there like "nice" feeling like a kid despite them being 2-3 years younger than me. Legit, every week my friend hooks up with women and has so much luck. My envy has been killing me. Am I ugly or what? I will however say I do dress semi-formal everyday especially to school just my style. Dress shoes, usually short sleeve collared shirt,polo's, jeans etc. Even the mere idea of kissing a girl seems like a fairy tale. It's not that I'm really stuck on "Oh I need to have sex" It's more like feeling like a kid, who has had barely any experience combined with envy to be like others. I've had a lot anxiety with this and other topics in the past. I'm not saying that someday I won't have a wife/girlfriend it's just I haven't really had much fun in that field at all and I don't want to be 35-40 and have a mid-life crisis that could potentially hurt me. This already has taken a toll on me with suicidal thoughts, along with other topics linked to my depression. My grandfather recently passed so that isn't helping either. I've seen psychologists before and nothing changes. I went from being that happy kid who would like to laugh a lot, to being pessimistic as hell and not seeing any good out of my life. Forgive me for enveloping you with this depression bullshit, but I just seek help to end this perpetual war with myself, I've lost all the hope I had left.