The harder I try the further I fall.I was diagnosed with chronic depression pretty early on, I think around 12 or 13. Diagnosed with bipolar when I was 19, and BPD when I was about 24. And PTSD about a year ago. I am now about to be 29 in a few weeks and I have been stuck in the worst depression of my life since this past December. I had been In a depression before that but I’d come out of it within days. I can’t come out of it this time. Its been almost 10 months! I don’t have the desire or will to live anymore. No I do not want to kill myself nor do I have a plan. but it’s like my brain has become hardwired to just constantly obsess about suicide. It’s almost like I welcome the darkness lately. I haven’t even been able to get into a manic state in probably a year. This is detrimental to me. I could paint and make the art I love to make when I am manic. My artwork was my outlet and I’ve lost that spark. I actually felt happy, and content. I actually live my life and get shit done. With my depression comes the most god awful anxiety I’ve ever experienced. It’s crippling, and it affects my home, relationships and work life.  I’ve tried multiple medications and they only make things worse. I actually got started on a new one today. Basically the reason I am writing this is because today.. I have been in the worst place mentally than I think I’ve ever been. I lost it today. I had to move in with my family last December after my breakup, I was suppose to be getting money saved and bills paid off. My depression kept me from doing that. Well, now, as of four weeks ago today my checks began to get garnished by a hospital here in town for thousands of dollars. Well, Today I get a summons for court because that same hospital is suing me again for another bill that is thousands of dollars more than the garnishment happening right now. And about a week ago I get a letter from the IRS stating I’m being put on a levy or pay 500$ immediately. And then find out my car has an issue that needs addressed immediately before the axel breaks and that could cost around 600-800$ I’ve been struggling living paycheck to paycheck so I had no savings and I literally got paid today and have less than 20$ to last’s me another two weeks. I’m trying like hell but the harder I get pummeled the more I want to give up. I know I am strong and I know I am capable of shit I can’t even imagine but I’m reaching my breaking point. My body is small, it can only take so much. The constant self hate and self destructive behaviors destroy me. It’s like I won’t allow myself to be happy. I feel like that “happy” feeling doesn’t exist inside me anymore.  Why are we so frowned upon when we want to end our pain and suffering? I get that people will be hurt by it and miss us but staying is torture. I can’t even enjoy being around family and friends because I’m so lost in my head. My anxiety causes me to panic and then Everyone thinks that I am upset. I ruin people’s good vibes when I bring my bad vibes around. So we are expected to stay and be miserable and horribly pained just so they won’t feel the sting from us going elsewhere. Isn’t it selfish on both ends?  I don’t want to exist in this world but I don’t want to die.  Suicide haunts my mind and we are becoming a little too comfortable with each other.  

“I am strong, but I am tired”