I don't even know what to say.I just wanted to tell my ex that I never lied. I really do love you. I'm sorry I gave up, but I was going through stuff that will boggle your mind. It caused me so much anxiety on top of everything I already was going through that I started dissociating a lot and my cognitive abilities had gone out the window. I haven't even looked at another woman since we broke up. 

Anyways, every day is a massive struggle, and I miss you so much. I hope you're okay. I can't go one day without thinking about you. I also can't go one day without my mind bearing towards running away and ending my life, not because of what happened to us, but because I can't even do simple tasks anymore. I can't even talk to someone without my anxiety flaring up and threatening to incinerate me. I can't even find the energy to wash myself or make something to eat.

Every morning I wake up from one dreadful dream into another. This world is so empty without you. I love you so much. 

I want to get away but no matter where I go, it's always present, and through me and everything else like the Higgs boson field or something. I guess I can't run away from myself. God I hate myself. I'm so pathetic. I often imagine someone pulverizing me into the ground until I'm one with the dirt. I wish I could tear my chest open with my hands and throw myself into a spike. 

I'm worth less than someone's spit.

If someone tries to earnestly talk to me, I just switch off. My eyes can't focus, and my ears start ringing. I can't help it, I'm sorry. I'm so sorry.

I'm a huge disappointed to my family, especially my dad. God I'm desperate to die before my parents do. But how could I do that to them? But else is there. I really don't want to hurt or disturb anyone with my end. 

Often I think about how many people have already died. So many people with hopes, dreams, aspirations, and... Fears. All of them gone. The ears that have heard the wind blow through the trees. The feet that have felt the soil between their toes. The hands that have helped someone up. The eyes that have seen the sun's bright light on everything around them. The feelings that have been hurt, and the attitudes to be forgiving, and grateful; they're all gone. 

Sorry for rambling on. 

I feel sub-human. When a bug dies, no-one bats an eyebrow. I'm an insect. 

Anyways... I love you honey. Always will. You're an amazing person and I deeply respect and love you. I can't say how sorry I am. I wish things were different. 

I'm just a hollow sound like bones that clatter against each other.