It's just time.I've lurked this thread for a couple years and have posted a few times during what I was certain to be the end. As it turns out it's totally not the worst of s situation that will get you; its afterwards where you move, get a job, change a few things (like just not drinking but continuing smoking weed or whatever, I'm also heavily dependent on benadryl for anxiety for sleeping and anxiety, I take 300mg during a work shift just to cope) try to be in a normal relationship and still manage to fuck up alot because from the time you were 12-24 you just partied and self medicated and realize you are never going to be able to function again in a sober capacity. Writing this I'm realizing now that theres too much shit to make points about or make a clear definition of my situation with. I'll miss the northeast hardcote scene. I'll miss my friends that I used to fondly drop acid with. I'll miss the people that believed in me to get sober and gave me instruments to try and keep myself preoccupied with (vocalist but always have dreamed of playing Chon or math type stuff; I still own the instruments after years). I recently got engaged to someone I've talked to online over the years only to find out they're still married and it's impossible to wed them because their ex won't sign papers; I've actually grown to love what I thought was going to be my stepdaughter after accepting I'll never have kids of my own. My parents are disabled. My brothers (older and younger) are schizo and have never held real jobs and live off disability which kills me because I have really really bad manic bipolar depression and I've been homeless just to try and turn plugs on wood lathes and start companies from scratch from many different angles. I'm not even tired, I've coined a term that annoys my friends called "stress jogging" where I just listen to music and jog in place to displace anxious thoughts and blah blah blah it's all too convoluted now. I'll be eating a bullet after my pork loin (spent my real time in work as as a cook starting fom dish to a kitchen manager at one point) has set and I can cut into it. You guys kept me alive for a bit longer reading through your stories of endurance and listening to advice other people gave to Op's but after losing my job, fiance, not having a license, moving back to my moms where noone talks to me because I used to be a rampant alcoholic I just don't want to take a chance on going through this all again. Heres to being sad for life and finally being able to really relax. Trust your gut. Dont stick your neck out for anyone. Do the thing you're scared of. Be proud when you do any of those things. Take care.