AffectedToday I was required to witness it.  To see it.  Circumstance required that I sit there being hideously aware, unable to deny, forget, look away.  He played with her hair.  I have no idea who she was, or who he was.  Her hair was thick and perfect and he gently toyed with it.  They tickled each other, delighted, mocking, play-fighting.  Leaning back into him, breathing deeply.

It had been so long that, when I got home, I had to really think before I could remember where I keep the needles.  I shouldn't have needles in the house but they are handy sometimes for normal things too.  I can't do the razor thing, I have to work tomorrow, but needles are doable.  Burning is what I want, really, but I can't have that again, I am not usually able to stop myself before it gets out of hand.  I can manage with just the needles tonight.  I have no idea why I am going to work tomorrow.  I have no idea why I do anything.  

Mostly I don't think about these things, about thick hair or affection.  Mostly I sort of pretend such things do not really exist, I suppose.  I know they exist, and I know that virtually every person gets affection but me, but I generally manage not to think about it or, more importantly, feel it.  Today I was required to see it, and the howling empty madness of need is hard to silence.  If the needles don't do it then I have to burn.  If burning doesn't do it I have to die.  

I will have peace, one way or another.  Tonight, peace had a price.  I am calmer now, though writing this makes me a little unsteady.  I think I will sleep alright.  I am not sure how many more times I can go out into the world and survive it.   

I don't know why I am not eligible for affection.  I never was, not since I was very small, before I was abandoned.  You won't believe that part, I know.  I can't explain it, I am just not given affection by any person at all.  I don't know why me.  I survive by not thinking about it.  The pain and rage and crushing, shameful, toxic, blubbering need...I survive by not thinking about it.  Such a simple thing, affection.  So easy, so free, so simple, so impossible for me.  I have to not think about it, or I will light the [flame](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HLD0CBFU73Q) and put myself in the ward again.  I will have peace, one way or another.  