It's me again. I'm back because I just cannot find it in me to convince myself that it's worth livingI got 2 huge reactions to my toast me posts and I tried to carry that positivity as long as I could but then I basically nearly lost my life last night, which just abso-fucking-lutely battered me.

As I talk right now, I'm crashed in my bed because I physically cannot get up, I'm far too physically exhausted and mentally ruined to even bother. Basically what happened was that I had 2 major COPD attacks within 2 hours of each other, which totalled to about 7 hours of compromised breathing, of which I could not take in sufficient oxygen to function properly for about 3-3.5 of those hours. 

The cause was a severe reaction to a mosquito repellent my dad sprayed around the house. I was not aware that he was planing to do this, and by the time I realized what was going on and exited the house, I had one major attack. 3 hours later, I'm still not fully breathing but I enter the house and the fumes hit me again, triggering another attack. 

I was terrified for my life the whole time, I was alone and I couldn't bring myself to tell my parents because when the first attack started and I went to tell my dad he just shrugged it off and casually said "go outside then, nothing will bother you there". It was so offhand and passive-aggresive, I didn't think he would take me seriously, so I spent 7 hours thinking *I could die any moment now, my throat will close that final millimetre and kill me* and it really did feel like it, for so long I was struggling to draw any meaningful amount of air, I started feeling light-headed, dizzy and sore everywhere, I literally thought the end was coming.

The next morning (today) I wake up, and I knew something changed, I knew something was different, but disconcertingly familiar. Today, I woke up once again with voices screaming at me to kill myself, end it all, cut the pain off, drift off painlessly and stop living. 

And this all made me realize that waiting for a natural death is painful, and I'd go insane if I had to. I have the idea, the means and the motivation to die blissfully, it'd be a cinch to gather all the stuff I needed to die, but every single time before there was always something telling me not to. I think that part of me has finally been convinced that it's hopeless, or at least he's been silenced, because I see no reason to end it all. The rest of my existence will just be spent in pain and misery, I don't care how many people I hurt by dying, but I don't care anymore, my priority is me first, and I want this all to stop