Exhaustion18, almost 19 years old. I have grown up in an abusive household, probably no worse than most out there. My father has always been verbally abusive, and my mother has always been an enabler. I have five siblings. My eldest sister, born of my father, my older brother and sister, born of my mother and another man, and my younger brother, born of both my parents. My eldest sister has never really been around much, but my father has always hated my two other older siblings. To the point of doing anything and everything he can to disrupt their peace. I grew up watching my dad tear my siblings apart, along with my mother. My mother has always refused to leave him, due to the appeal of security and financial stability. My father has Bi-polar disorder which he refuses to treat. My siblings and I have all grown up walking on eggshells our entire lives. As I’ve gotten older, things have slightly calmed down, but not by much. I don’t get along with either of my parents, and my siblings hate my guts. And I do mean hate my guts. My father, though still abusive in many ways, always treated me better, so everyone in my family naturally has disdain for me. I was diagnosed with acute depression, generalized anxiety disorder, panic disorder, OCD, psychosis, and depersonalization when I was 13. When I started receiving treatment and going back and forth from wards, is when my mother started to hate me more than she already does. I’ve seen so many therapists, and have been to so many sessions with both of my parents and my siblings to mend things, but it never works out. No one recognizes their behavior as a problem, so the environment at home is always toxic. No place feels safe. There is no love. No one is happy. I had friends, but my family just moved from New York to Oregon very recently, and with the pandemic, I now have no outlet. I’m also extremely self-conscious and both socially awkward and anxious, because it was never safe enough to invite friends over as a child, so I struggle to make new friends in general. Because of my mental health history, my parents don’t let me do anything for myself. I’m not allowed to go out, I’m not allowed to get my license, I’m not allowed to attend college or a trade school, and I’m not allowed to have my own separate bank account. Without a license, I can’t get a job, at least not where I currently live. I have had a job before where I was able to walk to and from without my parent’s assistance, but now they will not let me have one at all. All of my therapists have suggested that I try to get away from my family as soon as possible, but they won’t allow it. My older siblings are all in their 20’s, almost 30’s, and my parents forced them to move with us. I want to to good for myself and others. I want a fair chance at life. But I’m almost 19 and I’m not allowed to even try and get my license. I have no way of going out on my own, and my parents would undoubtably file a missing person’s report if I tried to get away. All I want in life is peace. No screaming, no fighting, no guilt-tripping or gaslighting, no feeling scared or anxious for no reason, no crying spells, no isolating in my room all the time; just pure peace. I would do anything to get away from these people to try and live a decent life. But I’m so tired. I’m so exhausted of living this way and having all of my attempts at a better life shut down. I don’t know what to do. I have two semi-filled bottles of Xanax on my nightstand, which I only take if I start having a panic attack that I cannot try to breathe through, but I don’t know if it’s enough to overdose. I have no idea what I’m going to do, or if I’ll ever get away from this family. I don’t care if I’m rich or poor, as long as I’m free. I just want out.