I lost my last chance in loveI lost my last chance in love.

I am 30 years old. And 5"3' guy. It took 6 years to find her. When I started dating her, I didn't think she is the one. Because I was focused on finding someone who is attractive. She wasn't attractive to me at all but not repulsive either. What made me interested at first and this was the reason I've agreed to meet her at the first place is that she was extremely tall (like 6 foot) and I am short. During the relationship I found out she had a great personality (minus some medium size issues I thought I could live with if she were pretty), and I knew that, and yet, I thought I would only love her if she would be attractive, at least a bit! So I made her do things to improve it. That backfired as she didn't want to alter her physique for me and wanted to stay the way she is and to be accepted and loved the way she is. As I remained focused on that and bitter that she didn't want to make adjustments in my direction, we ended the relationship because of continous fights over this matter.

8 months have passed and I have found a new girl which is very attractive,  but short and with average personality. I felt like I was not having fun like with the first. There was much less sexual compatability, she wasn't talkative and she was boring. I felt like I really missed it. Later I also suddenly discovered the thought that the tall girl would average out the height of my children. This thought just popped into my head in an instant. I didn't want to have children in life because I thought they would be short and I feel that this had screwed me up in life. So I also thought like I would have children with my SO happily and without regrets. I didn't have this thought while in the relationship with her. Its a new thought that just appeared recently. Thinking back, her height also made me feel better about mine.
I felt so bad when I just thought about it that I prepared a love letter to her, and after 8 months of silence wanted to get her back and contacted her. 


SHE DID NOT WANT TO GO BACK AND JUST STARTED A NEW RELATIONSHIP.

I feel so devastated. I barely slept this week, I dont eat much, I feel so terrible. I feel that I've made the biggest mistake in my life. I'm wondering if ending it is a good idea. I will not get another chance with a new girl because there won't be anyone this tall with a great personality. It's really a zero chance. This thing is so rare. I dated for so long time so I know how rare that is. I screwed it up big time. I'm fucked. I was so stupid so ignore all of this when I focused only on her looks. I am also not so young anymore.. I'm 30. Soon all the girls would be married with children. I doubt I will ever have a chance to love again and be satisfied with a new woman without comparing it to this lost one. I will always regret this mistake till the day I die and won't ever be satisfied with a new girl. I don't know how to rationalize this to escape from this hole. It seems so hopeless now. Then what's the point of continuing on?

I have no intentions as of now of killing myself this moment. But I am thinking maybe long term I will. I'm mainly using the reddit to find inspiration for my situation.

TL;DR: 30 years old guy dumped a wonderful girl with zero chance of finding a similar one, regretted it, contacted her and she doesn't want to go back. Feeling like I've lost my only chance in life.