I feel as though I was born by some sort of freak accident. I do not deserve to live.I'm just going to express my deepest thoughts and be completely transparent. I hope this may be an eulogy, who knows.  

I look back on my life and feel the same similar feeling of uncomfortable, wrong belonging. I don't deserve to be here on this beautiful earth surrounded by kind, good humans. Spending many a hour with my thoughts, I find the conclusion the same every time - I must have been a freak accident, a mistake. 

I feel as though I've been sent small signs from the universe that, no matter how hard I try to ignore the fact I'm sad, keep coming at full force. It is a hint or a push to die? 

I'm 25 and I've been abused most of my life by myself and others. Again, please don't think I'm looking for sympathy. I have long accepted the fact I'm 'wrong' and deserve death. I've had a glass bottle smashed into my skull, sexually attacked by multiple men at the same time, thrown into a large fire and my hand broken. As for self-abuse my left arm is deformed from multiple stitches and staples. I think the only way this could have all happened in sequence is if the universe is telling me to go. It knows I need to die and is pushing that thought because it is deserved. 

I'm not a good person. I have to repeat this to myself in my head hourly so that I know my worth and place (unfortunately, the mind does wonder). It's quite humorous the way I pace around my flat talking aloud to myself like a robot. I have to talk to myself. Tell myself I'm awful. It's like I'm doing lines. It helps my head not to explode metaphorically. It's kind of like, 'You're not meant to be here, you're too cruel for this world, you deserve to drop dead' etc. 

I turned to prescription pills. I got myself slowly addicted to codeine. Im more of a 'fade out' person, I want to fade out like a candle rather than go out with a bang. I think that thought is mainly so my family don't have to deal with the fact the ugly ginger in the family killed herself. I most definitely don't want to bring anymore shame to my respectful and successful family. 

I guess now I'm at the point where I'm either going to overdose 'accidentally...' or disappear into the woods and let Mother Nature run it's course. Please know that these aren't the words of a troubled, sad mind but those of someone who genuinely doesn't deserve a life. I know that most suicidal (or sad) people are the most open and beautiful souls. That is not the case here. I sometimes wish I could donate my whole life to someone who actually wants to live. I think about that often. 

I hope not to wake tomorrow. I really do wish this evening to be my last. The world will be a much better place tomorrow, when I'm gone.