I have ideation, a chosen method, and a volatile emotional situation. Help.A bit of background- I started seeing a man 8 months ago.  He never called me his girlfriend, which I was okay with.  He slept with other people, (which I was okay with, but never did myself).  We had a very intimate relationship.  It felt like love on both sides as much as any other relationship I've ever been in.   

Two months ago, he broke it off when we began to argue about safe sex (or a lack of it) with his other partners.  

Two weeks later, he has someone who he introduces to his friends as his girlfriend.  I am incredibly hurt.  I supported him materially and emotionally, he said I was his "main squeeze" but never girlfriend.  Now he gives this title to someone he barely knows, and I'm left humiliated.   I feel as if I want to give up our entire group of friends to avoid the shame.   

Last night, I self harmed with a razor blade on multiple areas of my body.  Blind with pain, I sent him the pictures.  He was compassionate, but then proceeded to cheat on his girlfriend with me.  I'm helpless when it comes to him, and it made me very happy, for a little while.   Now I'm emotionally hungover, he's back with her, I feel like I want to die. 

I've always wanted to die, since I was 11 years old.  I'm 28 now, I feel like I'm too old for this shit.  When these things happen, I feel like I'm being pushed over the edge of a life raft.   I can't afford any kind of therapy.  I call suicide hot lines but then I get scared when they send police to my house.  My roommate can never know I feel this way.  My only "out" at this point is to self harm, it's my only relief.  

He loves me but isn't "in love" with me &amp;amp;lt;- that classic gem.  He says he isn't in love with his new girl either, and he doesn't know why he asked her to be his girlfriend.   I know - because everything I've done in 6 months was nothing compared to what she's done in 2 weeks.  I'm worth nothing. 

TL:DR - Ex FWB chooses stranger to be girlfriend, I can't find any healthy ways to cope.  Want out. 