I can't see how any option other than suicide makes sense as a father who regrets becoming a Dad.I've been in a terrible headspace mentally since my daughter was born 17 months ago. Most of this negative headspace results from me knowing that having a child was a mistake for me, for where I am in life.

The pregnancy was actually unintentional, but my partner's religious beliefs made no room for abortion, so we decided to go ahead with it. We are not married, but we've been together for 5 years.

It's not that I don't love my daughter, but I had many unresolved issues in life before becoming a Dad.

When 99% of people become a father, they do so from a position that is optimal. By that I mean, they have already probably lived the care free stage of life they wanted to lead; they've had their wild fun in their 20s, they've made connections to last a life time.

I entered into fatherhood having considered my life mostly a failure. I suffered from anxiety and depression for most of my 20s and I never had the fun that others have. There's a huge part of me that feels unlived and that I can never live without abandoning my child, which I couldn't bring myself to do.

Furthermore, I've always been incredibly introverted to the point that I feel genuinely upset when I can't be alone. As far back as 3 years old, I used to go to my bedroom and hide when other people came to visit the house.

I value that alone time and despite my mental health difficulties, some of the best ways in which I've taken advantage of the ability to be alone have been going on solo travel trips to different cities. I cannot feasibly do that for the next 18 years minimum.

The internal conflict between regretting becoming a father when I did, wanting to live a different life; all of it is too much to handle.

Some people might say there's a middle way in which I could separate from my partner and at least provide child support for the rest of my life and at most play a healthy role in my child's upbringing. But I don't see the viability of that middle way. It would lead to guilt that my partner has been left to do most of the hard work.

So, I arrive at suicide as the best solution. Splitting from my partner would lead to my daughter to feel unloved or unwanted when she grows up and all the issues that come with that.

Killing myself and leaving a note that says I did so due to mental health difficulties that I couldn't cope with would at least provide a reason. Furthermore, I'd be doing so at an age when my daughter wouldn't understand where I'm gone.

I know I probably need help but therapy honestly just can't ever overcome the feeling that I am living life wrong. That it hasn't gone the way it does for everyone else. Most happy fathers, on this subreddit, are in their 30s and probably had a wild youth full of happy memories. That's not me.