I (19F) hate myself for being a whore. I hate my sexual past. I wish I was deadRecently got out of a relationship with J (also 19F). Our relationship started out amazing. I would sneak out almost every night in the summer just to go spend time with her. I hardly slept. We were inseparable. We moved in together really quickly (started dating in May, moved out together by October), mostly because we both wanted to get out of our respective houses and it felt Right at the time. It wasn't smart, but we were in love and thought we could make it work. Neither of us had lived away from our parents before and we didn't know what to expect. Moving out was scary. We knew things would change once the summer was over but we looked forward to living with each other. She was my first love and I wanted us to work out so badly. She was all I ever thought about. She's still all I think about.  

Before we moved in together, we would have sex nearly every time we saw each other. There was passion and it would last ages. Another key detail to this is that she's MTF (pre-op). Once we moved out together, we gradually stopped having sex. I still don't know why. The passion of it just died out of the blue.  

In November, she suggested that we open up our relationship. As in, we have other sexual partners. I was on board with this. I was also curious about my own sexual attraction (identified as a lesbian for years, was starting to become more attracted to men and wanted to explore that) 

So.. whenever she worked shifts late into the night or would go hook up with her own sexual partners, I would go hook up with guys. We had open communication about sex, and we would ask each other for permission before seeing other people. She was always okay with me going out and sleeping with randos from tinder that I would probably never see again and I was okay with her sleeping with other people. Except I was always seeing more people than she was. She had consistent partners and had strong bonds with them, whereas I loathed the men I hooked up with and would rarely see them more than once. I never wanted to be alone at night. It felt like I became addicted to going out every night and having some sort of adventure. I felt irritable and restless if I stayed home. I got stoned out of my mind every single night and would have regrettable sex with guys who would degrade me and I couldn't stop. Maybe I could have stopped. I just... didn't. I was craving some kind of rush from it. And afterwards I would go home and cry myself to sleep. 

By December, she and I stopped having sex altogether. We both gained different sexual preferences and although we loved each other, we just couldn't have sex with each other. She couldn't really get hard anymore and I just really wasn't into the same stuff as her. 

We stopped going on dates. We didn't spend as much time with each other anymore. We started fighting over little things. I could see us slowly drifting apart and I couldn't stop it. 

In January, she broke down for the first time. I came home late at night from a hookup and she broke down crying. She said she missed me and felt like she wasn't enough. We both sat together and cried for a long time. The next morning I asked if we could go back to the way things used to be. She said she wanted to stay open. So.. we stayed open. 

In February, she told me that she started having feelings for the couple that she was seeing. We broke things off as I didn't see myself in a polyamorous relationship and she really wanted to try being in one. The breakup hurt like hell. I cried every night  and would continue to have riskier sex. Not because I actually wanted sex, but because I seriously didn't want to spend my nights alone. Even if I wasn't having a good time, or if I was in pain, I would still keep doing it just to avoid being alone. 

And now it's March. We both moved out of that apartment. She lives with her partners now. I know that she's surrounded by love and support with them and I know I should be happy for her. But I miss her so fucking much. I can't stop thinking about the summer we spent together and how perfect it was. I wish things could have stayed that way. I daydream about it constantly. I can't see myself in a relationship with anyone else. Even though we stopped having sex, I was very much in love with her. 

I deleted tinder after the breakup (ironic, right?). I just go to bed stoned out of my mind each night. I hate myself whenever I think about how many guys I've hooked up with. I feel repulsed by it. I don't even I keep replaying in my head the times that I've been so high that I basically would just lay there and let random guys tie me down and gag me and do whatever they wanted. Many of them refused to wear a condom and I just accepted it. I'm seriously lucky that I didn't catch anything. The fact that I would let them do that but wouldn't even have sex with the girl that loved me? I feel disgusted with myself. I have no self worth at this point. 

I miss her so much. I wish things hadn't changed. She's the only thing I think about and I know that I screwed things up. I want to move on but I don't know if I can. I feel like I have no purpose and I feel like I pushed away everyone during this relationship. I feel so alone. I don't want to be alive anymore. 

I can't reach out to my family during this. There was always tension at home but I completely ruined my relationship with my parents by moving out. They felt hurt and betrayed that their kid would choose to leave home with someone they knew nothing about. Dating isn't really allowed so I never actually told them about my girlfriend until the day I spontaneously moved out. I have friends but I don't want to be a burden to them by whining about my breakup. I feel trapped in my thoughts. I tried to hang myself a couple weeks ago but chickened out at the last second. I want things to get better and I want to be hopeful for the future but I don't know if i'll ever be okay again.