I can't talk to people.EDIT: Sorry about the wall of text, most of it is so stupid. The TL;DR pretty much sums it up.

It feels really weird to write this, but here it goes. I've got a few stories, they probably seem stupid (mostly because they are), but they brought me to were I am now, stupid or not.

I've been contemplating suicide for awhile. For a few weeks I've considered it, but I want to more and more every day. It still may be a few months before I actually get really serious, but I want to say something now before it gets out of hand.

So I've got very few friends. More precisely I have 2 friends, and I really don't see them too often. So most of my time is spent alone and that's really begun to get to me. I used to have more friends than this, but after I came to college I only had one high school friend. The only way I was able to make a friend here was through my other high school friend. They both have other people they hang out with so I kinda have to just sit in my room all day.

The reason I have no friends really boils down to the fact that I can't talk to people I don't know by myself. I simply cannot function. I realized this when I thought about how I got my high school friends (there were't a ton of them, but there was a nice group) and noticed that I had never approached any of them before they were introduced to me. Everyone I have ever been friends with has been the result of them approaching me, or someone I already knew introduced us.

So now I've got no one. I just sit here all day and try to figure out how I'm going to talk to someone. I desperately need someone, but every time I try it just doesn't work out. For example there were some people who were friends with my roommate who seemed pretty cool. They liked a lot of the things I liked and were nice people, but I could never say anything. I just sat on my side of the room trying to work up the courage to say something. Eventually they said something to me and I was able to talk to them like a normal person. It was the happiest I had been in a what seemed like a long time.  But after they left I was never able to communicate with them again. I couldn't initiate anything, I was to scared to try to call them or make plans or anything. So I was right back were I started. This same things has happened more than once with different groups of people and every time it does it makes me feel lonelier and lonelier.

As you can imagine, this anxiety does not help you meet anyone, let alone girls. There was one girl from my high school that I had this huge crush on, so the only obvious course of action was to do nothing, plus she had a boyfriend in college so that definitely didn't help me. We were friends in high school, but I don't think she ever saw me as attractive or anything. So we happen to go to the same school after graduation and naturally I think this is great, maybe now I'll finally be able to ask her out or something (yeah right). So out of nowhere she calls me and asks if I could help her find where her classes are (classes hadn't actually started yet). We walked around all day and everything went great (I want to point out that once I feel comfortable I'm actually a normal person; I was actually the funny one in my group of friends in high school). At some point she said said something about wanting to watch the show Arrested Development. I saw this as a way to see her again and pirated the entire series as soon as I got back to my room. I told her that I had it and if she wanted to come over sometime to watch it she could. The only way I was able to do this was to convince myself that what I said was not asking her to come over for me. I had to tell myself that I actually gave her the option of coming over and taking it to watch by herself, or staying to watch it with me. So she would only be coming over for the show. This is probably not what it sounded like in reality, though. We did this for a few weekends and became better friends (regular texting and Facebook, but I still didn't do anything because it terrified me, and she had a boyfriend (who went to a different school). Then it just ended. She always was busy or something (I think she just didn't want to be near me anymore) and I haven't seen her in weeks.

These stories probably seem stupid, but they're here for a reason. Not only am I not able to talk to people, but when I do, they still seem to not like me. I tried my best, and that still doesn't make a passable human being. So I'm lonely all the time and there doesn't seem to be a way out. The thought of being like this for the rest of my life is horribly depressing and I contemplate suicide a lot.

The worst part is that my problems seem insignificant and stupid when you compare them to anything else. Like I don't even have a reason to kill myself. I guess I'll just end here.

**TL;DR:** I'm soul crushingly lonely because I have poor social skills.