Caught myself already writing a note.Life is getting tough right now, and I am scared. I am young, only 28, but already overwhelmed. Withing the last few weeks, I have had constant pervasive thought about killing myself. I caught myself typing up a note should the scenario arise, and it really helped me put things into perspective any any way I look at it, I am trapped. I tried a crisis line, but it only seemed to help for that moment. I even had a fantastic day today, hanging out with a ton of people I love. I came home, put on some music and worked on a latch-hook project when the thoughts suddenly hit again. It feels awful, and it doesn't really feel like me that is thinking it, and that is just scaring me more. I am going to post the note here for the sake of perspective for others. 

&amp;#x200B;

    If I ever commit suicide, this is the reason why. My mental state has been in decline for a while now. It has been brought on by constant pain, and the acceptance that I will never get better. If one problem gets healed, there is still another to treat. I am out of time to get myself into a career that could lift me out of my debts and pay to get my health in line. Even if I do, as seen with my last few jobs, my health will eventually get in the way and I will be forced out of the job one way or another. 
    
    I cannot move back home because I will be stuck. I can’t travel too far on my own, which limits what I can do. All that is nearby is retail, which will never pay enough to get me anywhere. Then there is the fear of my brother turning again to drugs and alcohol, which I keep getting told he goes back and forth… I don’t have the energy for that. Then there is the fear of losing my parents. When they are gone, where do I go with all the info above and below?
    
    Then my current situation: Living with a boyfriend who pretty much refuses to push himself to get into a better position. Always worries about the now and not the later… When his parents go, he won’t be able to afford this condo or this house. He wont even be able to afford a simple studio apartment on his wages. Someone in his family has labeled me a brainwasher, and I cannot stand for that. I want a family that is accepting of me. I will not be made the enemy. Our views are too different to. He will not allow me to get any sort of outside monetary help when I clearly need it. He could use it too. 
    
    Then, even if he would allow me to seek disability, there is the possible problem of lack of documentation. I can’t afford to go to a doc regularly to document it. I have had PTSD since 2013. I am pretty sure I am also bi-polar now. Maybe even schizophrenic. 
    
    PTSD scares me from going back to a shelter. It is why I am so scared of failing and becoming homeless again. I can’t do it. Working retail, the only skill I have, is difficult. If I get a customer that is a single bit aggressive, I instantly become scared. Whenever my boyfriend tries to confront me, I shut down. I lose my words. Panic attacks are daily, and any medicine that helps me stop, knock me out for the rest of the day.
    
    I also hate speaking up because I lost my best friends because I was too “Whiny.” I don’t know how to solve these problems because I always think of the worst-case scenario. Many ideas I have tried multiple times, and multiple times have they failed. I try to take my experience into mind, but I have not been a successful person. 
    
    I am also in a catch 22 with my painkillers. They would be so easy for me to access, but I can't just leave them home should my pain spike up at work, and I can't keep them there because they are narcotics. My pain makes me want to die. 

I am going to bed now and should be safe for the time being, sleeping next to my boyfriend. I have work early tomorrow morning and probably wont look back here until tomorrow afternoon. It is when I am alone that I get the most scared.