Hello, some advice please.Hey guys, first up, happy easter to each and all. I'm posting tonight not sure If i'm in the right place, but i need to get this off my chest and ask for some advice. Earlier this week I was on my daily hike on a mountain trail i frequent nearly every day. Near the end of my hike i stopped on a side of hill i walk past daily but i usually never stop at, it was very warm this particular day and I was exhausted from the climb. Sitting there taking in the view, i immediately noticed a couple of bags neatly propped up sitting right in front of me, i also noticed a thin rope which was tied to one of the guard rail posts that was dangling off the stairs cut into the hill, however, even though i was a mere foot away, i couldn't see down over the edge. The thought crossed my mind there might be someone on the end of that rope but it didn't seem tense enough to be holding anything that kind of weight, plus this trail is very busy with park attendants carrying out repairs and maintenance to the trails, i guess i just assumed it was some park workers who had taken off for lunch. Sitting there taking in the lovely day, I kept coming back to the scene directly in front of my eyes and thought that, shit, if someone was going to do this, that's kinda exactly what it would look like, you should go and stick your head over the hill and take a look to be sure, but I didn't immediately do it, to be blunt, i was exhausted and needed to rest but even more so i was petrified of what i might see, i took another 5 or so minutes getting my breath back before continuing on my way, this is when i knew i must check before leaving the scene, i approached very gingerly and just as i was reaching the drop over the hill, i saw it, the top of the poor souls body with the rope around the neck, not hanging, but sitting slouched over just over the other side of the step, Instead of checking any further, i sprinted up the hill to the rangers station some 10 minutes away and raised the alarm, it was a good 20 minutes before i led the rangers back down to the scene and there i watched as they, in a raised voice, addressed the victim to make sure, the ranger gave me the most depressing thumbs up i think i'll ever receive confirming that yes, what i'd seen is real and is there. I spent the next hour waiting for the emt and police to arrive to take my statement and also as there was noone else doing it, i had to ward off other hikers from coming past the scene. I admit i had a rough week sleepwise and my thoughts are still there, i forced myself to return to the scene the very next day, mainly so the park i love dearly would not be ruined for me but also to pay a visit and wish them farewell, it was the right decision and i'm confident i won't have any trouble hiking in the area after this but the last day or two ive been feeling incredibly guilty about not immediately checking over the side of that hill as maybe they were still with us, i could have done something more to help, it was all incredibly empty as the police took my statement and told me i could go, amazingly there was nothing in the press about this at all, i guess it opened my eyes to how sadly, suicide is a daily occurrence where i live. I keep thinking about how alone they were up there on that hill all by themselves and i keep feeling guilty about not having the courage to check on them immediately. Should i be talking to a professional about this and what can i expect in the near term? Thanks for listening SW and if ive posted in the wrong place, please accept my apologies. 