I just came back from the doctor, it made everything much worseSo, I've been severely depressed since December. Things got bad last June though. I graduated college with a BA in Philosophy in May 2012, and have been unemployed since then. I had a girlfriend that I met at 19 (I'm currently 24), who was supposedly 28, unmarried, and a doctor. It was true that she was a doctor, but she was in fact 38 and married (to another doctor). I found out last May, and never said anything to her because I was shocked (so she never knew). In June, she decided to "break up" with me  At the same time, I was helping a friend get out of a relationship with another friend because she told me he raped her. Also around the same time, I had another friend try to kill himself and then disappear for 3 months because he was under "watch". Then I found out my grandmother had multiple brain tumors in September, and then I took care of her every single day (feeding her and changing her diaper, etc.) until she died in November while I was there (because I was the only unemployed person in my family). During this time, her stupid cat and I got close and she became my cat. Then in late December, the cat lost a ton of weight and then died in my arms from I have no idea what.

It was only at the point that the cat died, that I started to think about suicide ... it invaded my dreams and every waking moment (it was the worst when I would take a shower). Things got really bad in March, and I had a knife to my throat and only stopped because my black Labrador retriever walked in. By this time, all of my friends from college have pretty much stopped talking to me, so I don't have a social support system. After this incident with the knife, I told my parents to set up an appointment with a therapist. We made sure the doctor was male because a female doctor would have made things worse for me (thanks to my ex). There was no one who could see me until today ... and I went in to the doctor expecting an initial therapy session ... and he only asks me for typical depression symptoms and then prescribes some medication. No real therapy, and at the end he decides to refer me to a female social worker. I live in Oklahoma, and can't seem to find anyone who will help without directly referring me to the ER.

My mom (who drove me to the appointment) and I had a huge fight and I'm definitely feeling stigma from feeling suicidal and extremely depressed.

So right now, the suicidal thoughts are really really bad (I really don't want to listen to them). But I fear going to the ER even worse because I'd probably have to talk to a female doctor.

I should also mention that I've developed a pretty intense agoraphobia (I can't be in public without panicking). I can't look people in the face without feeling regret and disappointment over everything I've ever done.

I have no idea how to handle this, and I apologize for the rambling ...

EDIT: I should also mention that I thought the girlfriend and I were fiancees.

EDIT 2: I also used to be a pretty "hardcore" Buddhist following under a Tibetan Geshe ... but the last 2 years made me doubt things and I now no longer following that either.