I'm so scared about what comes next, and I don't know what to do.I'm graduating from college in a few days, and I have absolutely no idea what I'm going to do with my life now.  I've never had a job before.  I've never even applied for a job before.  My majors aren't very job-specific, they don't qualify me for anything in particular other than going to grad school.

I don't know when the time passed, and this arrived.  I don't know what I'm supposed to do now.  I'm so fucking terrified.  I don't know how the world works.  How am I supposed to function in the real world?  All I've ever done for my entire life is coast.  I'm smart.  I can do anything I put my mind to, but I've never put my mind to anything.  Doing exceptionally well in school is effortless to me, has always been.  I don't even know what effort looks like.  I have no idea how I'm going to survive.  I have no idea.  Thinking about it makes me shut down.  How am I supposed to survive?  

I don't want to die, but I don't want to deal with this.  I think about having a medical emergency and just dropping dead every single day.  I fantasize about running my car into a wall every time I get in the car.  I think about slipping in the shower and cracking my head against the wall and dying.  I think about someone coming and murdering me.  I think about going for long walks past midnight in rough neighborhoods and hoping someone will shoot me.

I'm fucking terrified.  I don't know what to do. 

I think I have diabetes.  I'm fat.  I eat like shit.  I almost passed out after eating rice the other day from pure fucking exhaustion, a symptom of diabetes.  I've had diarrhea for two months.  I don't want to fucking deal with that.  I don't have health insurance.  I don't have any way to get health insurance.

I feel trapped.  I have a place to stay.  My family will take care of me.  The fact that they are just as poisonous and harmful as they are generous and loving makes that kind of bittersweet.  I want out desperately, but I don't even understand how to get there.  I'm in my twenties, but I feel like I never progressed past fifteen.

I don't want to die, but I don't want to live anymore.  I feel like doing something crazy and just fucking ending this.  I don't know what to do.  I feel so pathetic.  I feel so lost.  I don't know how to fix this.

