Trapped in this lifeI'm not sure this is the right sub for this, but here goes. Also, apologies for the unstructured writing, I'm not sure how to actually articulate this properly. 

I want to die.

Im not going to commit suicide, but I have considered it many times, and been close a few times some years ago, but I can't do it. There are many reasons for why I won't, and I have accepted that I will not. Which is why I'm not sure posting here is appropriate. But I'm not free of this feeling of wanting it all to just end. I keep having this fantasy, or movie in my head, or romantic/nostalgic longing for having the strength to ignore all the reasons not to, and just do it. Mostly I will see myself shooting myself in the head when I look in the mirror. Or I will be driving and I meet a Truck in the other lane, then I envision myself crashing front to front with the car. Or other fantasies in different situations where I can clearly picture myself killing myself. I can't ever put my family through that, or a random truck driver, or whom ever would have to deal with the aftermath. I know this is all meaningless, and it will end at some point, so there is no point in cutting it short. It doesn't matter in the long run so it might as well just run its course. But I still have these thoughts, I still long for not having to be here. Its starting to feel heavy to have to live like this for how ever long my life will be. I keep wishing for a serious accident outside of my control to kill me. Or it could cripple me, giving me a much more understandable reason for suicide, maybe I could do it then. I know I couldn't, but maybe. But mostly I just want to die. I'm tired of life, all the good and the bad. It's all meaningless even if I find some personal meaning in life. It all ends and it means nothing in a 1000 years, or 10k, or 2 million years. At some point what ever magnificent world changing thing I could do, or I could rot away in an apartment alone until I'm 80 and die, it means the same, nothing. 

I have many good things in my life. A good relationship with all of my family. A girlfriend that I love and that cares about me and loves me. a relationship that works and feels rewarding. Everything has its ups and downs on life ofc, I don't really get depressed when facing problems or conflicts in my relationships. I have these thoughts independently from good or bad things happening in my life. In general my life has improved a lot the last few years. I've gone from crippling depressed to socially active with a job I really like. An actual life with progression. But I still want to die. Not the best things it seems will change that. And I don't know really how to deal with it any more.

What I'm doing now is noticing the feeling, acknowledging that it's there, understanding that it's a mental health issue, I know the feeling will fade to the background again, and then it does. But it never leaves. It's always there with me. When I make music and enjoy myself a lot, still there. When I have great conversations that engage me and teaches me new things, still there. I truly can enjoy life at times, but I just want to die. Why can't I just get to die? Why do I have to be part of this? I can't take back my determination to not commit suicide, I've thought about it a lot. Or maybe I'm just a whiney fake pretender, romanticizing suicide as a sick way to be special, or as a way to excuse my lack of will to deal with this feeling. Maybe I'm fucked up in a different way, like a psychopath wanting to manipulate my surroundings by saying I want to die for sympathy, or as an excuse for when I fail or let myself/others down.

The reason I'm saying this last part is because the thought of wanting to die has become normalized in me so that I have a certain distance to it and maybe it's not even real? Maybe I created this feeling for some fucked up reason. Which makes me want to die again, because I just don't want to deal with this fucking life anymore. I just want to die. I don't want the good or the bad. I don't want any of this, and I didn't choose to be here, and I can't even choose to leave here. I'm trapped.

Well, I don't know what to make of all this. I've had it like this for 5 years, maybe more. I just needed to vent. Thank you for reading.