Depressed, Angry, and Conflicted.I'm 15 years old, living in West Texas, an untalented beginning guitarist, a pessimistic asshole, an awkward mess, uncomfortable in my skin, depressed every other day, basically friendless,  and suicidal.

My sob story(99% chance it's  just a piss and moan attention story) starts at age 12. My parents marriage is falling apart before my eyes, my two younger brothers don't know what's going on at this point. My then-alcoholic father hit my mom, pissed me off to no end, he had been sneaking around to smoke, which he supposedly quit when I was born. I held it in, fearing my parents would say I was in their business. I just held everything in, I never told my parents I was atheist, which I started at 11, until I was 13. 

Let's go to age 13, I'm in 7th grade. I have a hard time making friends because I'm socially awkward and middle school kids are the start of dealing with assholes. In sixth grade, my longtime friend and I ended in a physical altercation and he hung out with a scary crowd and the only bathroom open at that time was around his hangout. Because of this, the first two weeks of seventh grade, I pissed myself. At this point, I'm the short fat kid who smells like piss. I stopped but it still sucked.

Age 14, I'm in 8th grade, I have maybe two real friends. I'm still very fat and short, around 5'5 or 5'6, and awkward. After living in California for 12 and a half years and learning of my parent's divorce weeks before I was told by seeing my dad had cheated on my mom via Facebook(on my 14th birthday, by the way). My brothers and I move to Dallas in late February 2011 with my mom, aunt, uncle, and cousins. I make friends there, not many, but some. Around April, I grow to 5'9 and lose about 30 pounds due to my body proportioning itself. I go to California for the summer with the intention of only visiting. My dad decided to keep my brothers and I with him and his girlfriend.

Fall 2011- My mom comes down to visit for a few days, when we leave, my mom starts crying. This made me pissed at my dad and sad for my mom, knowing she wouldn't see us for a long time. I get home and just start zoning out into my Xbox and computer. My dad tells me to go to bed, still pissed at him, I tell him to fuck off. He sends me to my room, there I'm thinking that either I'm better off by myself or dead, the start of suicidal thoughts.

During my stay there, years of pent up frustration are flying out in violent, verbal, suicidal waves. In September, I attempted to slit my wrists with a pair of scissors , did it horizontally because I'm a retard, just a bunch of long cuts on my left arm. My brothers noticed this and told my dad and his girlfriend about it. They prescribe me anti-depressants, send me to therapy. In October, they sent me to a mental hospital. I get out three days later, when I get home, my suicidal thoughts are boiling in me. I go to the kitchen not noticing my dad or anyone in the kitchen, blinded by sadness and anger over the hospital ordeal and my life, I grab a knife and attempt to slit my wrists again. I'm sent to my room and about 5 minutes later, I attempt this again, this resulted in a screaming match between me and the two assholes. My dad's girlfriend calls the police on me after sending the kids to their rooms. I begged them not to, but sure enough, I see them outside. They take me to a mental center awaiting a decision on whether or not I with would be sent back to the hospital, I begged them not to. They decided against it. I moved in November.

Now, May 2012- I'm still very awkward, I lost a lot of weight(still overweight), around 5'10 to maybe 6', and still battling depression. I have a job I hate, but my grandfather basically hates it when I enjoy things, such as summer vacation. School is almost over, pretty sure I'll flunk Algebra I. Again, for the third year in a row, I'm leaving the few friends I have behind to go to another school. I have stopped talking to my dad who cares more about his girlfriend and her kid more than his own kids. My brothers are coming here soon, which is good. My grandfather and uncle give me unnecessary bullshit. I have to hide these feelings from everyone, especially my grandparents. My grandparents believe just because I'm 15, I should just shrug off all this stress. My brain thinks older than I am. I have the brain of a 40 year old pessimistic asshole, the only difference is I'm only 15.

Now, I'm depressed, on Reddit, posting a life story to people who don't give two fucks about me. I did this in hopes of feeling better, but no. I really want to end it all, but I don't have the means or gumption to do so. I have no potential so I'm not worth missing or breathing Earth's air.


Tl;dr: 15, depressed, suicidal, can't go through with it, nobody cares