I want so much for all of you, please take care of yourselves  

Bipolar 2 I strike like a snake no warning easily triggered, beastly yelling, rage, mania/happiness in there somewhere can’t sleep forced to use everything known to mankind to force sleep. No talent what so ever, yet I think and desire it so much, failure everywhere. Anytime I try fix myself or go to a doctor any step forward there are always 20-60 other steps pushed back. Denied disability in court in Jan 2020, no health insurance all year, now working, still nothing. Even if I got to go to a doctor the chances of getting a drug that would work and I could still work would not erase the fact that I have no where to live since I have alienated everyone. I can’t stay where I am, not enough money to go anywhere, I am out of all options. I have backed myself into a corner.

Today is the day, the planning is done, alienating complete, bankruptcy discharged close enough, medical insurance still in the new improved snail mail. Zero concerns that’s how I will fall. I have tried everything and failed it just doesn’t matter. Took responsibility - gave up tried again failed again - told the doctors and therapists for years I had a racing mind and could not sleep, it just doesn’t help. I blame they blame. It just doesn’t matter anymore, I hurt too much, so numb can’t think or write want to explain but have so many times in my mind when it comes out it never sounds right .,,. years of suffering would not keep happening to so many people the system doesn’t work. I have read it so many times of how young people know that their grandmothers died at my age, they said they didn’t get treatment. But I have, a lot, it has not worked or it does not work well if you are forced to work while drugged up with side effects and family with no empathy. I’ve said goodbye to the bed, the shower, too many last special meals, nothing seems special anymore that’s it.

The ballot in the mail box I hope the Dems wins. Last thoughts - I sat there before no one came to stop me. Not expecting anything different except a real ending finally, thank you for the meme’s, there are a lot of good people out there, love each other, forgive if you can, try not to seek revenge. Mental illness is terrible, get help as soon as you can, if you know someone is suffering, they need help, if they are isolating, do not let them, they will die.