I am in my car.When I re-enter my house, I am either going to hang myself with a belt from my bathroom door, or go to sleep. 

I am too exhausted to explain properly how I came to be where I am. I can’t remember a period of time in my life where something awful wasn’t going on. I am not coming here for pity, I just need to vent. I am a 22, would be 23 this day next month, year old woman. For five years I have been dealing with an undiagnosed, seemingly untreatable chronic illness. This chronic illness has made it impossible to lead a normal life. I have lost each job I held because of it, have had to leave education because of it, and can’t engage socially because of it. It leaves me on the toilet for 12+ hours at a time, crying in pain. 

I am seemingly unable to control my emotions. Everything felt so intense always. Now, it’s numb. I have been in a turbulent relationship for the past seven months. I love the man more than anything I have ever loved. I treated him so poorly in the first four months of the relationship. I was emotionally abusive because I was so needy. He broke up with me three months ago. I changed everything about myself to keep him. I can confidently say I am no longer emotionally abusive. I hate what I did to him. I broke him down to nothing. He stayed and waited while I fixed myself. 

We decided to move out together. He currently is living in my mum’s house with me. My mum’s house will be sold from under her within months. Due to my illness, I need a place with two bathrooms. It’s difficult to find a place like that where I’m from, and within our budget. 

My partner and I had a huge argument last night because of my problematic permanently aggressive tone. I can’t remember a time when I didn’t engage people aggressively. Not purposefully most of the time, it’s just the way I speak. He interprets it as though I am having a go at him. It triggers memories of when I was emotionally abusive and it hurts him. Since last night, I have mended my tone. I am trying. 

Today we went to a house viewing. I liked it, but it was too far away from his work. He then told me the house search was too difficult and that it would be easier for him to move in with his friends. After our argument last night, he’s not sure whether he can live with me. I understand. This is my fault. I take responsibility. 

Unfortunately because of my inability to feel emotions at a normal level, I am unbearably hurt. I was very excited to begin a life with him. For reasons I don’t have the mental wherewithal to explain, him not moving into a place with me scuppers my ability to find a place. I can’t afford it alone, as I am on benefits and I have exhausted all areas of support for people in my situation. 

I am very tired. Being chronically ill is incredibly mentally taxing. I can’t tell my partner how I am feeling as I don’t want him to bear the burden. If I tell him how I feel, it is emotional abuse. He is already a shell of a person. He cannot handle my state of mind. My mum is on holiday and my dad lives an hour away, so I rarely see him. I’m so tired right now. My partner will be home from work in a few hours, back to my mum’s house that I am currently parked outside. I don’t even know why I’m writing this. I have nothing. I have abused the person I love the most to the point he feels like we can’t have a normal relationship. Without him, my life is a meaningless cycle of illness. I can barely afford to eat. I don’t have friends. I’m sorry I don’t know where or what to say. 

If I go to sleep, this pain will persist when I wake. When I kill myself, I will no longer have to deal with illness or the seemingly imminent breakdown of my relationship. I wish it were more instant with hanging as I don’t want my last moments to be gasping for air or grabbing at my neck.