MiserableI wrote this to try and cope. I'm sharing this because maybe someone relates. I'm laying in bed right now and feeling pretty numb. I'm not sad or angry and definitely not happy currently. I've not felt this way before. I bit into my arm to see if it would hurt because I heard people do it to cope. It hurt I'm bleeding, but the pain felt good? I don't know. this is what I wrote 30 minutes ago:


Being miserable is miserable. When I was younger life was such a mystery. It was exciting not knowing what was going to happen the next day or being curious about experiences that I hadn't experienced yet. Driving, kissing, love and living.

Now I've come to experience these things they're really not what I thought they would be. Life has taken its toll on me. The optimistic young Jamie has been beaten by life's rough fists over and over and life has left a broken Jim.

Jim is a man that I have tried to be. Jamie was my naive child counterpart. Full of joy. Keen to explore the world. Wants to experience more of it. Keen to make the world a better. Jim was the man I have tried to be. Jim was meant to be loving, wise and smart. Jim is now a miserable fuck. Jim is so miserable that his depressive state brings down his friends and because of it they don't want to be around him. Me. I don't blame them. 

I've considered death for a very long time now. I initially thought about suicide when I was as young as 13. It's kind of funny, really. You'd ask yourself what kind of issues does a 13 year old child have. Well it's funnier to me because they're the exact same as the 28 year old version of that same boy. I used to hold my breath as long as I could in the hopes it might kill me, but I was really way too scared to follow through. As I am now.

It's getting easier though. You might say I'm building up 'courage'. I think it's getting easier because life is giving me more reasons to get it over and done with. I have been thinking of ways that I could exit which don't ruin my life insurance so my wife of 1 year can atleast get something for putting up with my miserable as fuck attitude for the last 10 years. At least when I go; those rich pricks in their high offices can give the lovely lady who is my wife a step up in life so maybe she can have a stronger chance at happiness. 

I'm unhappy. I think electric shock would be too painful. I'd have to frame up an idea as to how it could have been an accident. Loose wires. But I don't want my wife to find me. Drowning might be the best way. I've heard that drowning is peaceful, but I've also heard it's the worst feeling ever. At least if I do it alone it could suit the theme of my living. As much as I have had people around me who in fairness I love and appreciate them, I don't know that I've ever been on the same wavelength. 

These people seem naive, maybe. They must be. They're happy. What a way to be. Being able to find happiness is a great goal.

I'm not always so sad, but I can say I'm almost never happy. There a times where I'm laughing with friends or making love to my wife or enjoying a nice meal or other similar things that bring short term joy, but ultimately the stresses on life bring those feelings to a fast closure. I remind myself that I'm not a good looking person. I'm lazy, I'm not smart and people don't want to be around me. I have a shitty career where I might as well be on the benefit. I dream too big and never achieve any of my goals. 

I don't know what else to write.