It’s doneHi everyone. 
I’m writing this as my final goodbye, this is an anonymous way for me to finally say the things I’ve been keeping in. 
The date has been set, I will go through with my suicide soon. 
It’s been a really hard decision to make..I took everything into consideration and decided that this is the best thing to do for me. 
I hope that others never make this same conclusion, I hope anyone reading this will keep fighting. 
Just a few things I’d like to mention: 
1. My school is a big reason why I’m killing myself, I’m a student at USC and I genuinely believe nobody at that school cares about students. 
2. My boyfriend is another big contributor to my pain: he’s cheating on me so many times, makes me feel like I’m nothing, emotional and mentally abused and manipulated me so much that my mind feels like mush. 
3. I am a rape survivor, I fought hard to raise awareness about rape, sexual harassment, and we’d trafficking. But I never shared my own story, in fact, this post is the first time I’ve ever admitted what happen to me. Anyone reading this, please continue to raise awareness for me. 
4. I’m sorry to my mom and dad that I’m doing this, I know you guys love me but I hate myself so much that it doesn’t even matter anymore. I hope you guys doing hurt too much, I hope you’ll understand that this is the only way I can find peace. 

Everyone reading this thinking I’m making a mistake, 
Please understand that I’ve been thinking about this for a long time and it took a lot of courage for me to make this decision; nevertheless, I’ve still given myself a cool down time (from now till my suicide date) to once again rethink this decision. 

Last thing I want to mention: 
For anyone reading this who feels like giving up, please don’t give up. As someone who has officially given up, I ask you to find a new way to survive, a new way to keep yourself going, and if you do, please share this method with yours because I wish people shared methods like that with me. 

If my mom and dad ever see this post and realize it’s me: I’m sorry.