Can't get it off my mind...Hi r/SuicideWatch, Im submitting this from my phone, so I can't reply to comments that quickly, so sorry in advance. Well... Heres my story so far. I am a 17 year old junior (maybe) going on senior year that has has depression for quite a long time. I have very little friends and have not held a relationship for more than a month. I am failing in school and have over-expecting family members that think of me as a completely different person than I actually am. I have to tell them that I'm not going to college because I want to go straight into work, not because I won't be around to do so. Whenever I overhear people I know talk about what they want to do in life, or where they'll be in 5 or 10 years, it really hurts me because I know I won't be able to see it firsthand. I promised myself in 8th grade that if I didn't know what I was going to do with my life by the the I graduated I would kill myself. I still have a year to go, but I have lost all motivation and strive for what I usually like to do. Since I am really quiet in school I really like to buy people things, which is really hard because I don't get paid for chores and don't have a real job. Anyway, I really like seeing the look on their face when remember their birthday (no thanks to Facebook.) I usually just buy some soda for the class and contribute mostly for class parties by bringing in pizza or stuff like that, and it is the greateat feeling in the world. It has become such a part of my life that it is the only thing that gives me any sort of happiness. I don't want that to stop. I want to be nice to everyone I meet, but it can't happen because there are some people in the world that are just plain mean. 

Sorry if I'm bouncing around from one thing to another or if this just seems like a rant, words have never been my strong point. I'm strongly considering committing suicide during graduation next year. Or the year after that if I don't pass. I know, long term solution to a short term is problem, but I have absolutely nothing to live for, and no matter who I talk to I can't get over it. I haven't actually told anyone about my plan, or that I'm feeling this way. I don't want them to worry about me. Right now I'm thinking of making it look like an accident by drowning or suffocation. Horrible way to go, but pain is temporary. Not like the pain I feel everyday like waking up knowing that everything I do is pointless and I only do it for others to benefit. Even though I know that someone in the world might care for me, I can't stop thinking about dying. When I first discovered this subreddit, it brought me to tears about how all the people in the comments cared and were trying to help others they didn't even know. There is good in the world after all. All of you people out there that think you are desensitized and don't care are wrong. I thought that I was desensitized, then I came here and found all you lovely people who actually care about others. I haven't cried in years, but I guarantee you I am crying now. I think the reason I was to die is to see everyone's reactions so I'd know who would care. But if I kill myself, then I couldn't see that. I'm torn between doing something for me and ending the constant pain of failure, or doing something for others like I have done so many other times and stay alive. I'm Ok with PM trolls because and i  just want other painless options. 

Sorry if this was a bit long and/or seemed like a senseless rant. I hope it made sense