Life is not geniune and I hate that I'm self destructive.This is just a rant about life, because I know some people say that if you write what you are feeling, then you get to know better. 

Life just seems pointless. Pointless I mean fake. I can see it in people's faces. They hide their true emotions to either get what they want or for their benefit. Nothing wrong with that though; even I use it everyday every moment. But I hate that reality. I hate that you have to do this to rip benefit. Everybody wears an obligatory masks, but you can still see their true intentions from their body language and micro facial expression. I hate their dissonace between their bullshit and true intentions.

When my girlfriend says "good night love" or writes a sweet message, I don't feel like she's being genuine. Maybe she is, who knows. Maybe I'm just fucking crazy. Lack of genuinity from her urges me to break up with her, even though I'm in a healthy relationship and I'm sure to an extent she likes/loves me. My gut forces me to break up the relationship, that I don't love her, that spending this time with her is useless, but in my head I know she's a good girl and I do like her to an extent. Sometimes myself demonizes her to break up, but at the end I don't do it. I try to distance myself.

This doesn't only applies to my girlfriend. Friends in general also. I just don't feel human relationships are genuine. Maybe because I can read them and it's baffling how they navigate social situations for their own benefit (Again, nothing wrong with that. I do it everytime, but I just hate the reality.)

Or maybe I'm paranoid. Or I crave true intimacy that is idealized. 

As for the self destruction part (social self destruction is written above), even though I have good grades in school and have a fairly bright future. I just want to kill myself. Fucking end this shit. I know if I work I can achieve my dream college, but fuck it. 

Pleasure in life seems so fake. Pleasure sex, watching movies, eating, etc. It's pointless. Living my life seems pointless. I have a goal in my mind, and next thing to lose the desire to achieve it. It seems useless.

But I can't commit suicide. My family, girlfriend, and friends would suffer. But I want to cut my self. I want to jump into traffic and fucking die. See that car coming over there? How about jumping infront and end this life? Seems like a good deal to me.

I usually am very secretive about my feelings and never tell anybody. Like I said, I wear a permenant mask, which makes me a hypocrite, I do admit that I'm one of the fakes. But if you can't live a geunuine, satisfying life, what's the point of breathing and living?

My black and white thinking is destroying me. I just want to give up. My idealization is also affecting expectations and I try to degrade it by negative thinking, but I can't help to be disappointed.

If you have read this far, congratualtions, you just read the most pointless rant post ever. I thank you for your time, but I know in my heart I don't mean a goddamn word I say to you. You know how you say I love you to somebody? But in my hesrt I don't, and that word is meaningless and fake.

tl;dr : Read the post, and if you don't want to read the whole thing, you don't have to.


