I just dont want to be around anymore.Long story:
My ex girlfriend (now f18) and I (now m21) broke up almost 2 years ago now. I broke off our 1 year 7 month relationship when she was 17 and I was 19 because there was a bunch of stress and she was talking to a new guy who was constantly crossing boundaries. He knew we were dating and would ask her for Nudes and whatnot, and she wouldn't stop talking to him.

Well shortly after breaking up, they basically started dating. She to this day says they weren't ever officially dating, but that's not what he said. Anyway, I wanted to leave after finding that out (we were living together at the time, I only recently moved out). The only reason I stayed was because she said he was abusive towards her and he raped her. But they still stuck out their "relationship" for almost a year and a half. The whole time she's leading me on saying she wishes she had chose me over him, and maybe one day we'll get back together.

About a month and a half ago she vanishes one night, and lied to me and her parents about where she was. She usually went to bed at 9:30 every school night. She was avoiding our calls and texts and being extremely vague about everything until almost 1 in the morning. She was out with a new guy friend. Right after that she said I should move out, and she wants space. So I do as she asked because I thought maybe her being away from me would make her miss me. 3 days later she breaks off her relationship with the first guy. I was happy for her, but upset because she was barely talking to me anymore and constantly ignoring me for this new guy.

Today, about a month after they met, I learned that she's been fucking him. It upsets me because we were each other's firsts. I also learned she fucked some her ex that she constantly told me she hated. She's still my one and only, but I'm her just 1st of 4. She also revealed that they're a couple now, and that she's in love with him. But I don't think you can be in love with someone after only a month.

But they've been dating for a bit, but I was over at her house last week. We cuddled and napped together. I didn't know until now that she was in a relationship with this guy, so I told him about it. She hates me and threatened to kill herself because all I do is fuck shit up for her and I can't let her be happy. So I told her maybe we should stop talking because we're toxic for each other.

She hasn't replied back, but I know she read it. And I'm still deeply in love with her. She's my first and the love of my life, and it hurts me to see her with other people. I just love her so much, but she couldn't care less about me. And it hurts so bad that my best friend of 4 and a half years doesn't care about me. She's my only friend. She's my best friend. And I love her more than life. I want her back so bad, but she hates me. I honestly don't know what to do without her. Life is meaningless without her.

I've been contemplating all day about killing myself. I have a glock 19 in my desk drawer, loaded. I know in just a few seconds all my problems could disappear. I want to kill myself, but I don't at the same time, do you know what I mean? I don't know. I'm just lost and confused. And I seriously just want this all to stop. I'm sorry. 