Why I Want To DieI'm inferior. I'm inferior in every possible way. It pisses me off. The only reason I'm still here is because I don't want to kill my family by killing myself.

I come from a family of seven. I have four siblings. The oldest can play every instrument. The second oldest is a model. The second youngest is a fucking genius. The youngest is good at every single thing imaginable.

I'm there. I'm somewhere in the middle there, overshadowed by all of them.

I love them to death, but they make me really see how awful I am.

I'm 17 and am dying from loneliness. I don't understand socialization. It doesn't make any sense how people make friends. It drives me sort of crazy, too, because I can never really tell who is my friend and who isn't. You never know what someone is actually thinking, right? Just the other day, I asked a "friend" if I could take pictures with them for an upcoming school dance. I never got a response. Even a no would have been better. Maybe they didn't respond because they don't like me. Maybe they didn't respond because I'm a fucking goody-two-shoes.

I desperately wish I wasn't so good. What I wouldn't give to be dumb drunk. I've drank a few times but not enough to get me drunk. I'm afraid of being caught by my parents. I just want to wipe out all of my thinking with alcohol. I don't want to think. My brain is my biggest enemy.

I approach everything with a paranoid sense of what people are doing. I approach everything completely overthinking and over-hoping that it will be the thing that makes me better.

I've had crushes in the past, but you know, it's school. When you tell one person, everyone finds out. That's why I've delved into secrecy. Bottling up every single feeling I have for everything. I couldn't with my last crush, though. I've liked her for a year, and she is a big reason why I want to die. She always acted friendly towards me and nice, but like I said before, I am paranoid. I decided to actually pursue this crush, something I haven't done in about 4 years. Well, she eventually said to her friends that she thinks I may be obsessed with her. I don't fucking understand social interactions, let alone dating, especially in high school. Not many people know about my crush for her, but I can't get over her. I just want her, even if she has a boyfriend, which is something I found out a week ago. I think he's a new boyfriend, though. She still treats me like a friend, and by not talking to her much, I guess she started thinking I'm not obsessed with her. I don't care. I think I kind of am, but that's not something anyone can know. Only something I keep wrapped up to myself.

I keep other things wrapped up to myself. I'm a poet, with a skill for math. I've won a national contest for poetry, and I'm part of an international math challenge. Of course though, I'm going to college for engineering. Yeah, it sounds like I'll make a lot of money, but I hate it. I want to pursue the arts. Math isn't fun. Math is predictable. I love the unpredictable. I would love to start my career by doing stand-up. The people who I think are my friends always tell me I'm very funny, but they don't even know about my stand-up aspirations. I really only have these dreams because they are an outlet for my depression. They make me feel like people would appreciate me, but no one ever will because I'll probably never gain the balls to stray from engineering, a sure thing, to actually go towards something that I will enjoy.

I still don't see myself as intelligent. In fact, I'm the dumbest thing on the face of the Earth. Just look at my family. They're all gifted in something, even the model one is, too. They're all brilliant in their own way. I'm just there. In my family, I'm known for being the klutz.

I just want to die. Get me out of this world, or at least give me enough alcohol that I will be numb. Please. Thank you for reading my rant. I doubt anyone will even read all of it.