I'm at work right now, and I removed myself from work because I couldn't help but to cry.I need help. And, I don't know what more to do. For about 10 months now, I've literally cried every single day, at least once. I feel as if I've been struggling with depression for most of my life. However, being able to manage and have somewhat spurts of "goodness" on the whole, I've been entirely dissatisfied with my life and my purpose/presence here (on Earth). About 2 years ago, I would say that I meant the person who changed my life and made me want to live. To exist, I felt like I could have all things that would make being here worthwhile...in my opinion. She and I were eventually engaged to be married. She wanted to be the mother of my children. She wanted to be there for me. But, not enough, I suppose to bear with me. September of 2017, I broke my tibia and fibula, during training to be a professional wrestler. She and I had been living together in a studio apartment that unfortunately had bed bugs. So, while recovering, I had been put on vicodin and some other pain killers. I had been telling her and family, how I had been feeling and how I felt the worst I have my entire life. That I failed. One night, we got into an arguement a month after my surgery. It wasn't good. And, I was angry, frustrated and just mean. She left me, she stayed gone even until this day. She put a PPO on me and I unfortunately violated the PPO (which would now be 2 months after I had my surgery)  I went to jail for 3 months. While being on my medical boot. Now, it's been a year since all this happen. And, I've tried to take my life. Waking up in the hospital and then attending therapy for awhile. However, I'm still so burdened. I'm so hurt. And, so sorry. The idea of never waking up again....honestly is the only solace I've been able to hold onto. All my life, I've just wanted to be happy. But, now, dying is the only thing my brain seems to think will be the solution. 

&amp;#x200B;

I don't want to die.

I want to live...but, I don't know how to get through this pain.

So,it's as if, I will. When I don't know. But I don't want to do anymore.