My (19M) depressed GF (19F) of 1 year is refusing therapy Today my gf sent me a tweet on twitter which said "the day my depression takes me no one should act surprised". I obviously freaked out and asked her "are you okay???", to which she replied she was "fine" and "just saying". I then looked up therapy and stuff in my area and told her she needs to go to therapy as its gone too far now, but she is refusing as she can't talk to me so how can she talk to a stranger (when she is depressed she literally doesn't say a word and never explains the reason behind it). I then said I'm gonna have to contact her friends and family (who i have never met, and her family doesn't allow her to have a boyfriend so if I contact them it will probably end the relationship) if she doesn't go as we are currently long distance for 3 weeks and I can't be there to ensure she doesn't do anything silly. However, I don't want to force her into therapy as I feel like then she will not take it seriously or try to fix things she would simply go out of necessity.

Im also not sure if she just wanted attention because she randomly sent me it when she isnt even feeling down, with no intention of helping herself and it was just out of the blue and felt like she didnt have any regard as to how that would make me feel.

She has had this issue for a long time now. Another incident was about 3 weeks ago while we were together in person, she randomly stopped talking to me, went into her flat (we live in the same student accommodation) and stayed there. She refused to eat even when I cooked her food, until i literally fed it to her and refused to speak for literally about 4 days. On the second day, I left her room to go and play with my friends on my computer and when I had come back she was even more sad. On day 3 I started crying in front of her as I was scared and I told her I was scared and that I just wanted to know what was wrong and she just hugged me and said nothing. It was only once she started speaking again (on day 4) that she revealed that she just wanted me to stay with her.

She also said she was probably going to kill herself once when were on the brink of breaking up. I don't know whether this was abusive or just immature because I don't believe she is abusive because I don't think it was intended to try and make me stay and in fact she has actually nearly broken up with me twice before of her own accord (during a very rough 6 month LDR only seeing each other for two days). Also, in the beginning I was controlling towards her and did not treat her right but she stayed with me and forgave me so I dont think she is abusive.

I have tried to get her into therapy a few times now, and I just dont know what to do anymore. I have said that I'll go with her, I found her different ones she could go to (one of them being text only as she doesnt want to speak), I've tried and tried and she refuses. I just dont know what to do anymore. It is really taking a toll on me as I suffer from anxiety and its much worse right now due to not being with her for a month so I really panicked when she sent me that tweet.

Posting here now on a throwaway as I dont really know what else to do any advice would be greatly appreciated. Probably going to delete this in a day

TL;DR: my gf is suicidal and refusing therapy and I dont really know what to do. She could also possibly be abusive(?), but I really can't tell, because she doesnt come across to me as abusive.