I guess it's a cliché alreadyHello. 
Actually I don't really know how to start this. I guess by introducing myself.
I'm a girl. 19 years old. College student. Informatics major. 
Pretty much my life right now. 
I guess it's a cliché to say that I didn't find my place in this world nor I think I ever will. 
And it hurts. It hurts so damn much to think that anything you choose is "not for you". I went into sports. Got called talented and won medals and international titles for it. But never felt like it was my place there. Never felt like I belonged there.
As I grew up, just like another cliché, been bullied for not being skinny, as a result, I hated myself. I still do. I could never look in the mirror and say "you look pretty today". I felt like the mirror hated me just as much as I hated myself.  That bullying happened in school. But when I came home, my mother, told me that if I ever wanted to have friends and a boyfriend was to be skinny. I wasn't even fat then. I had a healthy weight. 
Thought that high school would change everything, that it would be like in the movies where you suddenly get a ton of friends and become pretty and life just gets better.
Life just got worse. 
During that time I also had a knee injury so I had to give up sport for a while and I got fatter and fatter. 
What made me keep going was when I started having vocal lessons. (I know what you all think, the clichéic misunderstood artist) I'll be honest, I don't have a natural born talent. Even if I had it, I was always afraid of people that I couldn't even sing the way I thought I could if I didn't block myself. During those lessons, it felt like my world was right for some time and that I belonged somewhere, that I had a purpose even though I wasn't the one that stood out during concerts. I was told I had a good voice with its special charm. I swear to God, to this day, those words were the best compliment I've ever received.
Had to give up music during the senior year of high school because the final exams were coming (I think it's called SATs in USA) and since then, I was told to pick a path in life, a major for college. 
And because I was no Beyonce or Mariah Carey,  when I subtly brought this option up to my family they immediately dismissed it. 
So now, I am a major in Informatics. I'll be honest, I hate math. Always did. But since the only thing I loved was out of reach, I chose what would bring the biggest amount of money. 
Today I failed my first exam and it all came crushing down on me.
I was never meant for this. When I think about how my future looks like, I see nothing. 
I consider ending it because, let's be real, what life is it the one that you live just so you don't die? I am afraid of the thought of waking up  in my mid 40s, hating my life, my job, everything that surrounds me. Why should I live like that?
If you bothered yourself to read till the end, thank you. I honestly felt that if I didn't say it, I would have overdosed on the first pills I could get my hands on. Even now, I don't know what to do with myself.
I feel helpless, angry at myself, angry at everyone and everything. I feel pain. I just wanted to reach out. 
Maybe there's a way out this time too. 
I've been dealing with depression for a long time. But never got the guts to act on my dark thoughts. I am scared that I am becoming braver lately. I am scared of myself. I feel like I am breathing other people's oxygen. And that I should stop wasting it.
Clichéic. Right? Another depressed teen that feels like they don't belong. I feel bad for even trying to reach out. I don't deserve to be saved.