Tired of living in a dystopia... don't see any chance of things improvingI hate being exploited by capitalism, my situation is one that cannot be appreciably improved.  
Going back to school would be a trap.  
I can't find a job that's going to pay me enough that I can ever own land. I won't ever be able to afford to have kids. I might not even find myself in a position where I'm stable enough to care for say, a dog.  
Every day it's the same thing - a grind for money so I can pay my rent, pay my bills, buy my groceries. I'm depleted. I'm drained, I don't have time to do any of the things I used to enjoy. I spend most of my waking hours incredibly stressed about the fact that I'll never get out of this. Knowing that my situation is not at all atypical does not help me in the least - indeed, knowing that this is the standard condition of contemporary society is part of what depresses me so.  
My body is slowly deteriorating. I'm getting older, and I feel the aches and pains in my body in ways I did not feel in my younger age. It takes me longer to recover. I cannot afford foods that are as nourishing as I would like. I try, but I live in a city so fruits and vegetables are on the expensive side and since I work so much, it's hard to find time to cook anyway. It ends up that cooking at home is about the same cost as eating out (cheap) food, although I know cooking at home would be healthier. I try to do that once a week, but it's insane that I'm working these 12 hour days that allow me to come home and basically crash out. By the time I'm recovered, it's time to start again.  
My therapist is recommending I take some sort of drugs to try to help me, but I don't think I'm the problem. I've been through many years of various anti-depressants and mood stabilizers. I just don't think the problem is inside me, at least not entirely. I think this is a perfectly rational reaction to my situation.  
I stopped drinking or using other substances about a year ago. I fell off the wagon a few weeks ago and got drunk a few nights in a row, figuring if I was so close to killing myself, I might as well make myself feel good. I was super close to my 1 year of sobriety, but I didn't care enough - I needed to feel something else. Except it didn't work, I didn't feel better or even numb like I did when I drank every day. I just felt sad and clumsy and by the third day realized I was just making my body feel even worse and gave up on that. So back to sobriety, but also back to this eating anxiety and stress that's constant, that's killing my ability to sleep - keeping me up late, and getting me up early.  
I'm reaching the point where I don't know what else to do. The thought of suicide makes me sad, it really does. I know it's selfish and I know I would hurt several people quite a lot. I'm just so tired, I'm at the end of my rope. I can't keep going this way where I only feel joy maybe 5% of the time - at most - and the rest of the time and just feeling scared and depressed and anxious. Things just keep getting worse. I'm not ahead, but I want to quit before I get any more behind.  
Thank you if you read this, I just needed to say it all. I don't know what I'm going to do... probably just keep pushing along as this shell I've become. But I do worry I might take an impulsive leap off a bridge soon, just to be done.
