Life feels meaningless and I can't find a reason to continueJust a bit of context- I have suffered from multiple forms of mental illness since as early as I can remember. My first suicidal thoughts occurred as young as three years old. I am not going to get into my battles with mental illness here because, as much as they have been pure torture to the point where I feel as if life is unbearable at times, I do believe that recovery or at least some semblance of remission is possible. What I am trying to say is that I do not want to end my life because of my mental illnesses or because I don't think "it will get better". I guess my real problem is that, even when I imagine a perfect world in which I was free from mental illness, I still cannot find a single reason or scenario in which I would choose to be alive. 

Life feels so meaningless to me. I don't know if I am terribly lazy or simply lack motivation, but I struggle to find a single thing that interests me enough to pursue. I start something and I quickly get bored or stressed. Activities that most people seemingly get pleasure from such as watching TV shows or movies, reading, traveling, listening to music, etc, I just feel complete disinterest and they leave me wondering what the point is. I think about the fact that in order to survive in a world that runs on money, you have to work basically until you die, and that  seems horribly monotonous and miserable to me. People always tell me that if I just "find the thing you love" it will be worth it, but no matter how hard I try I cannot seem to find anything that would warrant me spending almost everyday of my life doing. The other alternative to working a job, I guess, is getting married to someone who has a job and will support me financially, but I have no desire for marriage, or any form of relationship for that matter, nor do I want children.  

The final nail in the coffin, the point which is the hardest for me to get over, is the fact that if I continue to live any longer, I will inevitably live to see my loved ones pass. I do not think I can handle that aspect of life emotionally or physically. The only reason I am still alive now, at the age of 20, is that I have my parents who I essentially have relied on for everything and I do not think I could survive without. 

 I feel like I am merely existing and have been since the time I was born. Even as a small child I had these qualms about my existence. No matter how much therapy I have attended or medications I have been on, I cannot seem to shake them. I try to reason with myself and tell myself that there must be something in this life I can hold on to, but I only to fail to do so. I apologize for my cynicism and glum outlook.  I am not looking for sympathy or advice, I just feel like I am draining those in my life that I am fortunate enough to have, and needed a place to air these feelings that I would otherwise keep to myself. Thank you for listening if you have made it through this. I wish you the best and hope you find the peace that you deserve and are searching for.