I keep writing my parting notes to all the people that I’ve ever loved 
…but I throw them away before I could grow the balls to mail them and finish myself off.


Bit of background: 20 years old, female. In university. I have a boyfriend, and I love him very much, and he’s very kind. Sometimes, though, I feel like he’s just “settling” with me, and I feel like he knows that he could do much better. I can’t tell if those are signals I’m picking up from him, or if it’s just me thinking things in my head. 


I’ve had suicidal thoughts for years now: since I was  15, I think. I don’t know how or why they started, but I do know that I’ve had them for that long. I don’t think that I’m a depressed person; most people that know me might describe me as goofy, or an otherwise happy girl. I don’t think that anyone would ever guess that I keep having these suicidal thoughts, and honestly, that’s the reason why I haven’t offed myself just yet. I can’t imagine killing myself and leaving my parents not knowing why, or my boyfriend, or the few close friends that I have. I don’t want to leave them unsettled, but then again, maybe there’s no way to do it without leaving it that way. I feel like killing myself without talking to them would be very selfish of me, but I feel like I can’t talk to anyone without damaging the few relationships I still have. 


I don’t even have a good reason for wanting to kill myself. I’ve thought about reasons why I would for a long time, but I recognize that none of them are justifiable; that still doesn’t remove the want, or the need to just do it. It happens a lot when I get stressed out, like when I make mistakes at school or work. Even the most minor mistakes like with an exam, or forgetting a step when I work (at the university lab) make me feel like if I just did it, the world would be a better place. Like I can’t even do simple things. It happens when I think about my weight; I know that I’m not too horribly obese, but I am still significantly overweight, and when every attempt to lose the pounds fails, either by diet or exercise, fails. It contributes more to my intense feelings of failure, but just thinking about myself, my face, my belly, my arms when I try to hide them with long sleeves even in the summer. I feel repulsive and I think that everyone else is grossed in the same way, but oddly, I’m not grossed out by other fat people. I started a diet and tried exercising with my boyfriend, and he’s been very supportive about my attempts, but it’s starting to feel like him being so good about everything is just making things worse. I can’t even articulate it properly. 

Even when I came back home, and my goddamned dog didn’t want to come to me. Such a stupid reason. But all I could keep thinking was, “well, even my puppy prefers someone else.” Such a stupid reason, stupid stupid reason. They’re always stupid reasons, but I noticed that at the time, they seem so reasonable when they’re not. A good enough reason.


Sometimes I’ll just be sitting on the bus staring at the window, as content as can be, when WHAM. Just do it. Just kill yourself, and if you do it swift enough you wouldn’t even feel anything. Most times I don’t need a reason to just do it, as long as I do it. The world would just be a better place, and I wouldn’t have to deal with waking up every morning and facing the same day, every day. I find myself looking up at tall buildings sometimes and dream of what it would be like to just get to the top and fall slowly backwards over the edge. I always dream of leaving a note to my parents, and telling them that I love them very much and that none of this was their fault, but then I imagine them crying over it and I have to tell myself to stop being such a brat, and they don't deserve to be hurt for my stupid thoughts.


I feel like a coward for thinking that I can escape reality by just finishing myself off, but sometimes, being weak seems like a good enough reason to just do it. I hate the fact that I want to kill myself, even without knowing most times why. I don’t even know what it is I want to escape. A shitty future with no promise. A destined breakup. The eventual death of my dog and parents. 


I’m sorry this was so long. I just don’t have anyone to talk to, and thought I’d be able to find someone to listen here. 

