I wish I was never born. Suicidal personality.Hi people.

I'm in my mid 30s, and I've been convinced that life is more pain than joy for as long as I can remember.    
Even in happy periods of my life I remember thinking that not existing is a better fate than living. I have clear memories of me thinking and expressing this concept during every stage of my life.    
I only feel a strong wish to stay alive during the happiest phases of acute bliss. They're obviously pretty rare, as rare as their counterparts: the darkest peaks of depression.

Currently I'm depressed. I've been depressed for at least 4 months now. I've been depressed many times in the past too, since my teenage years. I always recovered and I believe that I'll recover this time as well. But that won't change my stance on being alive.

I'm not suicidal. Or at least I'm not going to attempt suicide anytime soon, but I wish I could. I cannot do it, because I don't want to hurt my parents, my partner and the people I love. I'd rather suffer myself and wait for a bit longer.    
Once my parents and partner are gone, I'll find a way to say goodbye to all my friends and relatives (maybe I'll say I'm becoming a hermit or joining an enclosed religious order), and will make my body disappear.    
I feel somewhat afraid of dying (and I blame my parents and society for giving me this fear). In the past the fear was stronger, but I think I'm be over it by now.

I've talked to many depressed people who feel like they're not worthy. They feel like everybody would be better off without them, and they're not worth the air they breath.    
I don't feel that way at all. I'm probably too much of a selfish person. I believe that I should have more rights than I'm given. I feel resentful towards my parents for forcing me to exist and guilting me into staying alive. I feel resentful towards society for increasing my pain; for all the injustice, unfairness, inequality, all the bullshit. I don't want to stop living to make others better: I want to do it to spare myself from the pain, frustration and annoyance that awaits us all, at times, in the future.

There's a lot of natural and unavoidable pain, sadness, anger and frustration coming and going. So many nuisances, chores and responsibilities. Tasks that I feel forced to put an effort in. Stress. Even physical paint at times. If I were not living I wouldn't feel any of that. I wouldn't feel joy or happiness either, but I'd be happy to give up all of it.    
After all, everything will come to an end anyways sooner or later. I hate this mild anxiety of unavoidable death too. I'd prefer to cut it short now.    
I'm a very lucky person. I'm well-off, healthy, loved. But that's apparently not enough to make me feel good. So many people who have worse situations feel a lot more positive towards life.

I believe that my death wish is more of a personality trait than anything else. I'd be happy to change my mind about this. I'd also be happy to feel better right now and in the future, obviously.    
I've opened up to plenty people. I've been discussing all of this with several friends. They don't seem too worried. After all I'm expressing a lucid philosophical conversation, not a hidden cry for help: I'm not suicidal currently and I'm just soberly discussing my long term plan.

Does anybody have a solution for how I'm feeling? Some words that could make me feel better or slightly move my perspective?

I know that many people have share my feelings on living: did any of you manage to change?

&amp;#x200B;

One last thing. When discussing suicide, so many people bring up emotional topics, try to scare us off, beg us to reconsider it. In many cases that's the right thing to do, like when someone wants to commit suicide over some temporary and fixable issue.    
What I'm feeling is an aspect of my personality though. Or so I believe. A helpline and some pleas wouldn't help. I'd rather discuss in a sober and lucid way about thoughts, ideas, mindset and attitude.    
I think it could also be helpful to have a pragmatic discussion about taboo topics: like what's the best way to pass away, minimizing our suffering and the suffering of our loved ones.    
Is there any community where this kind of conversation is allowed and approached sensibly?