I [19f] have a suicidal friend [19m] who i'm desperate to help, but i'm conflicted on what to do..Hi, so I have a friend, I'll just call him S. He's apparently been suicidal for quite some time, sort of believes it's just part of his DNA.

I don't know S in person yet, but he lives close to me and we've known each other for about 4 or 5 months, and had the intention to meet up, but the past month or so were really busy. Anyway, he has nowhere to go right now, as his home isn't safe, and it seems he may be coming from a long history of abuse. His parents aren't alive either. The friendships I've seen of his haven't been too nice, they've mistreated him a lot (I've seen the proof.)

I was dead set on seeing him as soon as I could, encouraging him to meet up with me, and trying to get to him, even though it wasn't ideal first meeting situations, I know he just wanted to sit and talk. He was feeling that my words were empty, saying I cared didn't hold it's weight because I seemed far away, I didn't seem too real. So I wanted to be there, in the flesh, and just talk. I planned for it to be a very public place, like a local mall, and have someone like a friend or my Mom there hanging out somewhere nearby in case I needed any help or backup or he said anything.

However, here's where things get messy.
He's been trying to push me away a lot. I care about him terribly, it's hard to explain why, but once I start to see the intimate inner pieces of someone, and find myself invested in a friendship with them, I cannot stop caring!
He's been saying a few mean things, insulting me a bit (not heavily, but a bit) and I've just let it go over my head as I know his situation is so rough.
I would say 'Okay.' to each thing he said. The other night he was extremely sleep deprived from having had no where to properly sleep in a week or so, and he was irritable, and I kept saying 'Okay' to things, so as not to anger him by defending myself when he'd push me away, and he got frustrated and basically said that: by saying okay to things i shouldn't be saying okay to constantly, it was making him wonder if he'd be able to consider injuring me badly. I immediately thought 'well that's a really stupid thing to say..' but i was also vaguely concerned, like why would he injure me? would he actually do that?

anyway, I have a really guilty conscience and can't keep things from people unless it's someone elses secret, so I told both my Mom and some friends, and everyone was concerned, but mostly my Mom. The friends were still understanding of how conflicted I've been feeling, where I don't think he meant it and I think he said it in a moment of anger/tiredness/frustration given the horrible circumstances, but I just don't know..

I really care about him, but now my Mom's trying to stop me from even sitting and talking with him in a really public place with either her, or another friend, right nearby for safety.
On top of that, I asked him what he meant by it, and he said he wasn't going to clarify and i could leave if i doubted him. I said that I wasn't thrilled at the idea of him hurting me, and he said he wasn't thrilled at the idea of me thinking he would. He then said he was hurt, and I was merely threatened, which isn't true, as his indifference toward me has been really hurtful. He's now not speaking to me, it's been more than 24 hours since he last said a word to me, which worries me to no end, as although I see him online a bit or whatnot, I still hate having no contact when I care about him.

My Mom is understandably a bit worried by what he said (well, more than 'a bit worried', she's angry) and I agree that what he said was shitty and unfair, and even if he said it in a moment of frustration, I now don't know how to move forward. I did have a bad fight with my Mom over it, because I'm not stupid enough to risk my life, I wouldn't go anywhere alone with him, or meet up with him privately, or go without someone I know nearby. I just know he's extremely alone in the world. She also believes that as I 'dont know him in person yet' it's more dangerous, which is bullshit, because a lot of my closest friends IRL came off the net. She says it's different as he's suicidal, which is also bullshit as 2 of my IRL friends who I met online a long, long time ago are also suicidal. I guess it's just the comment he made...which I do get.

Prior to all of this we'd been building something of a nice friendship, despite him being a bit blunt quite often and us having disagreements sometimes. He'd been speaking affectionately to me at times, and I'd grown to really enjoy our chats, and since all of this has been happening, I've remained caring and affectionate, and as patient as possible.
He'd never threatened me before - he'd made the odd cruel remark, insulting my intelligence or whatnot, he's always been rather blunt and a bit harsh, but never violent toward me - i also think a lot of the bluntness could come from not having his parents alive, and having built barriers where he doubts people a lot and questions them regularly.

I have no idea what to do, reddit. I want to still meet up with him in a very safe situation, I feel it'd help him even just a little, and I know I can't force him to get help and I don't intend to, but having someone actually watch over him and care, when he doesn't seem to have had that in a very long time, might be of some help?
I just don't know what to do :'(