I need to end this.I just can't take life anymore. I'm sick of constantly thinking about blowing my brains out, hanging myself, slicing my wrists, etc. I'm 25 years old today, and I really hope this is my last birthday, because I'm tired of feeling this way year after year. I've had clinical depression for as long as I can remember and it's made my life a living hell. I've never fit in well with others, I don't have any friends to call on for support, and since my ex broke up with me back in August, I've been feeling hollow as ever. The only reason I haven't ended it yet is because I know it would destroy my parents, especially now that my grandmother recently passed and my father hasn't been quite the same since. I seriously wish I'd get hit by a car, or shot, or just killed one way or another without having to commit suicide. I don't care if it's painful or agonizing, as long as the end result is my body going cold. 

I've been trying to put myself out there and a while back I did meet a girl and I fell in love with her, but of course she didn't feel the same way. We had everything in common but for some reason she just didn't share the same feelings and suggested we just stay friends. I couldnt say no, so now she snapchats me on a regular basis, always looking happy, always with friends, while I'm constantly alone and just wishing against all logic that she'll give me a chance at some point, even though she won't. What annoys me most though is this isn't even her fault. It's mine. I'm so fucking desperate to have someone in my life that I fall for girls after talking to them for a day or two and it always ends this way. But I can't help it. I always think the end result will be a good one, but it never is. 

I just hate this constant feeling of sorrow. I've tried to be happy, ive tried to treat my depression through distracting myself with art, exercise, puzzles, games, all kinds of dumb shit, but it never works for long, if at all. so here I am now, seriously considering taking my life. I bought my first handgun when I was 21 just for this very reason. I thought for sure I was gonna end it right after I bought it. I can't believe Im still here 4 years later. I don't want to do this, but I feel that I need to. Life's not gonna get any easier, it's not gonna get better.  I feel horrible for what this is gonna do to my parents, but their time will come, theyll grow old and die, and then none of this will matter anyway. I fucking hate myself. I really genuinely fucking hate myself. Millions of others have struggles far worse than mine and they fight on regardless of how they feel. I wasn't meant for this world, but then again, I never really asked to be here. If anyone can help me, if anyone has the slightest idea of a way to fix my mind, please help. I don't know if I deserve it, but I'll graciously accept it.