Selfaware of my thoughts of possible own death.I am not sure whether it's considered to be suicidal. At this point I don't even care if I am alive or not. I still can wake up, eat , gym and even ask to meet with friends but honestly if I die, I won't even care about my family or friends feelings, reactions and emotions.  Online self help pages will state how painful it will be for the surrounding people if one was to successfully kill himself or herself but I feel that in my case, they will just move on. Friends, family, society and the world will just move on, I am just one of the many people they will meet. It's hard as a guy to properly express your thoughts, it's like I can only show happiness, positivity and resilience. Anger and sadness are big no no. I just I feel this way is because when I was 16 , my dad passed away and the same old advice of being a man and having to be strong blah blah blah, sounds good but so empty. It's like telling a person in absolute poverty to just work hard and you will become a billionaire. Two weeks after my dad passed away, I entered a architecture diploma and it was mentally and physically taxing. I didn't really have time for myself and I burn really hard for my last year 3 project. After my diploma, I was consripted into the Singapore army for two years. Architecture was a stormy sea with me in the boat scooping out buckets of water for me mentally. Army mentally however was me being overthrown into the stormy sea with my finger poking above the water and the boat nowhere to be seen. It has been two months since I finished the two years and I just feel so burn out. I did try to talk to my mother and my sisters but it just impossible to stay on the same page anyway. My mother and my sisters don't serve in the army. It's just pointless. Because I was mentally drained after my 3 years of architecture and two years of army, I did not apply for university. I did have a thought of working in lighting design for a year before entering university and honestly it was looking brighter for me. But then covid 19 struck and the economy took a hit. I feel so frustrated at myself, I mentally pushed through Architecture school despite my dad's passing and instead burn myself out instead. Now my university and my career progression took a hit because of my stupid mental issues. People will say you have to be to be forgiving to yourself but I fucking can't because for the past 3 years in architecture and 2 years in army, there is just no space for kind of mental health issues. Society sucks and I hate it. Society only knows how to ask , demand and expect more and more, but one little mistake or help needed and society just turns their back on you. I just feel so down yet so angry. I just feel that no matter how hard I try, I was just be left behind in this cut throat society that I live in. I know I need help but I am just in a environment that I can't.