The urge to die is getting stronger. I'm afraid something will tip me over the edge. I don't want to die. I'm scared. I want help but I don't know how to get it.This is going to be a slur of words, I don't really think I can properly put my thoughts out. Sorry.

I have three chronic illnesses. POTS Dysautonomia and EDS Type III are the relevant ones. I stopped being able to go to school normally in 2012 because of them. Social butterfly me became a hermit.

I got my first suicidal thoughts back in 2014, but they were never as scary as they are now. They'd always recede for weeks, maybe months, before returning. The only time they got very severe was when my mom didn't believe me when I told her. She actually laughed from the disbelief. "You're being ungrateful. People have it much worse than you, and they're not acting like you are." It made me hate myself more, and since then being open has been much harder. I'm terrified of it.

I was prescribed anti-depressants for something other than depression, but the doctor who gave me them very clearly knew what he was doing. After he prescribed the medicine to me, he gave me a long talk about why I was worth something, and shouldn't be afraid of the future.

The antidepressants helped, but because they weren't prescribed for depression, I was never able to up the dosage, so the feelings still ebbed and flowed. I was able to keep living. I felt okay.

2017 - I got my life together. Or so I thought I did. I got a great, stable job, graduated high school, and became "myself" again. I saved and built a computer because that's something I've always wanted to do. I bought a switch. But the happiness feels hollow. I have great friends. My coworkers like me and compliment how bubbly and how great to work with I am. But I feel like I'm hollow. It's all a facade.

They don't see... this. They don't see the me who's unsocial at home for days at a time, doing absolutely nothing because she doesn't feel well and is physically incapable. The me that has no hope, because these days make me a burden of a person. The me who is unmotivated despite all her interests, because they all feel fruitless. 

My mom gets mad at me on the days I am not social. I don't blame her- I turn into a monotone person who wants to be left alone even when she's trying to talk to me, after all. I wish she would just let me be alone when I need it, but her anger hurts nonetheless. 

"You're a pain," she says. "I'm tired too, but I'm not acting like you."
I'm trying so hard to not be this way but I have no energy to put up my facade for you, like I do everyone else. I'm trying so, so hard though.

How will anyone truly like me if my own mother can't stand the person behind the facade? My longtime friends like me now, but what happens when I have no chance to recharge myself and become *this*?

*what the hell is the point when my health keeps me from leaving bed after working for only three days in a row*

I'm a terrible person when I'm not pretending

I'm broken when I run out of steam to push

and now, almost every day I wonder

what's the best way to die?

there was a communication error a few weeks ago, and I thought my boss was going to fire me

I had a mental breakdown and started testing if a part in the house would hold my weight if I hung myself

my friend unknowingly talked me out of it

I'm scared one day I'll do it for real

but I don't want to die

i feel like i'm lying to everyone who says my smile cheers them up

I feel like such a terrible human

I can't even stand being around myself anymore

i've failed myself and everyone else