i want to kill myself but i'm too much of a bitch to do iti'm a foster kid, and i don't like saying it because i don't like to compare my situation to others', but my life has kind of sucked. i'm in high school, i have a 4.0 in entirely advanced classes, and i'm at the literal top of my class. but nothing i do is good enough for my current foster family. 

my mom was abusive and i was taken out of her care when she tried to kill herself when i was like 12. i then moved to an emergency placement home run by the most loving person i have ever met in my entire like. i lived there for a few months, and in the span of those few months my grades skyrocketed, my numerous mental health issues were beginning to be addressed, and i finally felt like i was cared about and i was apart of a family. 

anyway, i now live with my these people who i've known since i was really little. i call my foster father my dad because even before i was in foster care he was my father figure. i've never met my actual dad since my mom fled from him when i was really little. he married this mega bitch who's my "foster mother", and she has 2 kids much older than me. i don't dislike them, but they're apart of the problem. when i moved into my current home i thought everything would be better. i thought i would be loved and cared about and happy. but unfortunately i'm not. nothing i ever do is good enough for them. everything i attempt or do is subject to critique. my step/foster mother puts her kids way above me, which is absurd because she wants me to address her as "mom". i get punished a shit load for tiny mistakes. none of my achievements are recognized or regarded with anything other than "that's what you should be doing", mind you, my sister graduated 13th in her class and i'm tied for first. they blatantly ignore my numerous mental health (and physical health) issues like panic disorder and depression and social anxiety. i'm even getting a psychological evaluation for aspergers soon, which my foster brother also has, but they give literally 0 fucks. 2/3 psychologists i've spoken to prescribed medication. but the 3rd one, which i had to speak to with my father in the room, said i didn't need it. he completely ignored any personal space in which i could talk about private mental health issues and i've been suffering because of it. i was looking forward to getting medication because it's gotten so bad i can't speak to people without almost bursting into tears. 

maybe i'm just being dramatic and maybe i'm an asshole but the only time in my life where i have actually been happy is when i lived with my first foster mother. i still visit her pretty often to this day and those weekends and breaks are the sole, very rare occasions in which i enjoy myself. hell, it's HER that wanted me to get medication for my problems and pushed for a diagnosis of aspergers. 

i just don't want to be alive anymore. i don't see a good way out of the situation i'm in, and i also don't see a point in continuing it. the only reason i haven't offed myself is because i'm too much of a pussy to follow through. suicide is painful, and i have a really strong aversion to pain. i tried cutting myself for awhile (just to see what it would do), and all it did was make me want to die more. i'm at a total loss and i really just want to die. 