Found this list in r/all and thought I'd share my genuine thoughts on each of these suggestions.*I put a lot of time into this so that those who have trouble understanding can get at least one perspective among many. I've suffered from Depression for most of my life and, while I'm not currently suicidal, I have attempted to take my own life in the past. Things are a lot easier said than done for people who have to go through this.*

*My experience in attempted suicide has left me with some advice: It's not worth it. And yes, my life is still as bad as ever. (If not worse) Still: It's not worth it.*

111 reasons to NOT commit suicide:

1. The people who care about you. (I'm all alone. Who exactly are we talking about here?)

2. Meeting your soulmate. (I used to believe in that, but it turns out that the things you see in movies and tv usually never happens that way in real life. Not everyone gets a happy ending.)

3. Star-Gazing. (Used to love it when I actually lived somewhere where you could actually see anything. Also, it's kinda hard to focus on something like that without having all of your regrets and embarrassments in life suddenly popping up. Then you're just left with "Why am I even here? Why do I have to keep suffering like this? I should just end all of this pain already, there's no point in continuing to suffer like this.")

4. Astronomy and crazy space shit. (Again, used to love it. I was really into this growing up. But Depression has a way of stealing happiness away and making things like this dull. It's still exciting to see huge pictures of tons of galaxies and wondering how big the universe really is.. and if there's other life out there. But that excitement quickly fades and ends up leading me to think about how small and insignificant I really am. I mean, I'm incredibly small and insignificant on Earth, let alone the entire universe.)

5. Food (I mean... I pretty much spent years eating horribly because I a) wanted to drown out my sorrows and b) wanted to literally eat myself into a heart attack. What I didn't realize is how much physical pain that would end up putting me in, making the suffering even worse and having even less energy than before, which was next to nothing already.)

6. Going to a friends wedding. (I have no friends. Not that they'd invite me to a wedding anyway. It's hard enough to get people to stick to something they've committed to. It's why I nearly made my first suicide attempt on my 30th birthday. My so-called friends spent weeks trying to get me hyped up for my first celebration in over a decade, and when the day came I was left completely and utterly alone. I did get a coupon for Denny's though, so there's that.)

7. Music. (I can't enjoy anything I used to. Depression brings with it anger and frustration, and the need to escape. Where before I could enjoy music and sing to it.. Now it's purely an instrument of escape. Basically, I only use it to daydream and even daydreaming is exhausting these days. It just doesn't do anything to help besides pass time.)

8. Concerts. (A mix of the music thing and lack of friends mainly. Plus, I don't like having my eardrums being blown out and I have enough trouble getting up to eat, let alone doing everything that's needed to go to a concert I'm not really going to enjoy anyway.)

9. The people that love you. (Of course! Wait.. Who are we talking about again? Someone loves me? I don't even love me.)

10. Snowball fights. (Hahaha! What snow? There's no snow here! Just desert. And really bad air. I do like it when it rains though.. or if it's foggy, which is hardly ever.)

11. Going to the beach. (Let's see... When I did have friends and we went, as the lone wolf it was never up to me what we did. It was their time and I was just the third wheel. When I try to go by myself, all I see are couples and people being happy, which makes me envy them and I quickly become sad. It all just deteriorates from there. If only this soul mate thing were real...)

12. Sunsets. (Depression drains the color from the world. Not literally, but everything just become more dull to varying degrees. Someone may see a sunset and be in awe. Me? I look at it, think "meh, it's cool I guess," and then my mind immediately goes to "Maybe I'd actually enjoy it if I had someone to enjoy it with. Maybe if that soulmate thing were real...")

13. Sunrises. (Same as number 12, except that I'm not a morning person and the sun burns my skin. Just let me sleep in my coffin ok?)

14. Hiking in Forests. (I would really love to go hiking. It's the one thing I think I could actually enjoy, even if I'm on my own. Unfortunately, trying to eat myself to death doesn't agree with that. I'm trying to lose weight again, but with being 70lbs overweight and blood pressure so high doctors think the blood pressure cuff is broken, it's just not going to happen right now. Let's not forget the aforementioned lack of energy. I'm trying though. Again. I'll probably fail. Again.)

15. Animals. (Dogs are too energetic and needy and most cats are assholes who care about themselves most.. With exceptions. I wouldn't mind a hamster. Short lived, because my depression offers anything but stability in life.. And I've had good bonds with them as a kid, even if they liked to poop on me and pretty much everywhere else they went. Seriously, they're like little poop factories. Oh well, I'm not going to take in an animal unless I can offer it a good life. Can't really do that while being homeless.)

16. New movies. (Yes! Because I've been waiting with bated breath for the 3rd.. 4th.. Umm, which complete reboot of Spiderman are we on now? I want something that isn't another reboot or superhero movie for starters.)

17. Old movies. (You know.. I used to be able to sit down and read an entire book.. or spend 8 hours straight doing a puzzle. Now? I watch maybe 20 minutes of a movie and switch to a tv show. Watch a little of that and then play a game. I can't focus or get immersed into anything these days. Best I did recently was I almost got through half a movie in one go. Rewatching old movies just makes it worse since I already know what happens.)

18. Going to the drive in theatre. (No car. Also.. No drive in theatres here.)

19. Walking through local markets. (Maybe if I had money and felt like getting the Coronavirus would be a good way to shake things up in my life.)

20. Your favorite artists next song. (Back to music are we? This is a mute point. Next!)

21. Drawing. (Hate it. As in, I hate drawing and painting with a passion. I'm in awe of other's being able to do it, but it's not for me. And my attention to other's doing it is very brief before I want to do something else.)

22. Sculpting your own pottery. (Same as drawing. I don't enjoy doing art type stuff. At all.)

23. Your favorite teacher. (In defense of this one, this list did come from r/teenagers, even if it was in r/all. I haven't been in school for what.. 16 years now? Meh)

24. Inside jokes with your friends. (Why is it assumed that those of us who are suicidal or just suffering from Depression/Anxiety even have friends? Some of us are all alone in the world.)

25. Advice from good people. (I used to occasionally say hi to the cashier at the store, but now I always go through self checkout. Only other people I communicate with are on Reddit. Most of the advice I try to remember is how to raise kids the best way I can.. Despite the fact that I'll never have kids because, well, you know about that whole soulmate thing.. If only they actually existed...)

26. Warm houses on cold days. (Homeless. How about a tent? It's definitely better than a few nights ago where I spent the night freezing because I didn't have it. Can't close it off to the cold though because the lack of circulation makes it literally rain inside my tent by early morning.)

27. Bonfires with s’mores. (S'mores are overrated. I don't care for them, but if I had friends to enjoy a trip with I'd definitely be in on it. Unfortunately, I have no friends. Also, I'll get arrested if I make a bonfire where I'm at. Also also.. I wanted to take my tent into the woods, but between the California fires and Coronavirus, sites near me are shut down indefinitely.)

28. Reconnecting with old friends. (Yeah, no... There's a reason they aren't friends anymore.)

29. Studying interesting things. (My greatly diminished attention span makes this very difficult.)

30. Soft plushies. (Umm.. No thanks?)

31. The smell of fresh baked cookies. (Love it! Being in great pain all the time because I can't stop using them to drown my sorrows? Not so much.)

32. Car Meets. (No car. Also, it's highly annoying to others when 50 cars roll into a parking lot and start revving their engines and bumping loud music. When I did have my car last, I was living in it and was forced to move from a nice spot way too often because of this.)

33. Sleepovers. (r/teenagers... Let's just skip this one.)

34. Your favorite video-games. (Just a way to escape. Worked for a while, but now they just stress me out more than anything.)

35. Learning a new language. (So I can speak to my imaginary friend who doesn't speak English? Oh! So I can understand people when they're very obviously talking crap about me. It's easy to tell when they suddenly stop speaking English and you find them looking at you quite a bit while laughing.)

36. Long walks on the beach. (Perfect! Longer stretches of seeing happy families and couples to make me sad about my own failure at life. Times like these have me considering ending it more than anything else.)

37. Australian beaches. (I live in the US. And I have no money. And I don't fancy fighting off giant spiders or boxing with Kangaroos or whatever other things they get up to over there.)

38. Squishy animals. (Why would I want to squish animals? I'm Depressed, not a psychopath.)

39. Helping the homeless. (Well, if I could help myself I probably wouldn't be homeless. Oh! You mean help OTHER homeless! I've given others my own food many times, even when I'm hungry myself. Does it help me? Not at all. Does it make me feel better? No, it doesn't. I just can't stand by when I know someone else is hungry when I can change that. Before then summer hit I would make hamburgers on the park grill to feed some fellow homeless and myself something good for a change. Canned food start to suck pretty quickly.)

40. Long hot showers. (Love them, but they're horrible for your skin apparently. At least.. I have bad acne breaks out on my chest, back, and shoulders when I take them often. It clears up for the most part when I don't.)

41. Tea / Coffee. (Love tea, hate coffee. But tea makes you pee, and I don't want to increase my output when finding a toilet is a lot more difficult when you're homeless. Just go outside? No thanks. I respect the community and make sure I don't cause any problems for anyone. That means going into a bottle if needed and dumping it into a toilet later so that the area doesn't smell bad.)

42. Putting a message in a bottle and throwing into the ocean hoping someone will find it one day. (What's the point if I never find out? Besides, I don't litter.)

43. Helping wounded animals and people. (I tried volunteering at animal shelters and was told they had enough people. I've helped with some charities though. I just don't have the energy for it right now. I can barely even feed myself some days.)

44. Accomplishing goals. (My goals are often just being able to wash some clothes or get food/water.. simple things. I can barely even get those things done. I've been so thirsty and unable to force myself to walk 100 meters to the store that I've actually contemplated drinking my own urine. This isn't about being lazy. This is about having so little energy/willpower/motivation/whatever that you're screaming inside your own head to "Just do it! Move!" but your body just stays there. I'm constantly in a battle with myself like this and it's exhausting.)

45. Cleaning the Earth. (I clean the trash in the area I sleep and that's basically it. I don't have the energy to go picking up trash all day, especially when most people care so little about the garbage they leave behind.)

46. Getting married. (Are soulmates a real thing yet? No? Ok, moving on...)

47. Going to see Broadway shows. (I had to fix that from brodway, but anyway.. Pretty sure the shows are suspended right now due to Covid-19. In any case, we don't have that here.)

48. The sound of rain. (I like the rain, but try sleeping through that sound while living in a car or tent and you'll quickly grow to hate it too.)

49. Long car rides. (Am I driving? Stressful due to other's incompetence and lack if regard for others. As a passenger? I have to have my face in my phone to be occupied with something, which means I get nauseous from looking down.)

50. Long awesome road trips. (Isn't this basically the same as 49? I guess it implies a destination. Please don't suggest the beach again.)

51. Memes. (Overused and I don't get every single reference out there, so people using r/woooosh to sound smart are annoying. Nevertheless, I do tend to get on Reddit to pass the time.)

52. Going to the zoo. (You mean those places that are often inadequate for the animals that live there and are sometimes found to be abusive/neglectful towards their animals? I was just reading about how some zoo animals actually commit suicide themselves in those environments. Wanna give them a list of reasons not to do it also?)

53. Philosophy. (I think about my past failures and embarrassments enough, thank you. No need to analyze them any further.)

54. The smell of old books. (Meh. I haven't been in a library in many years and don't intend to change that now.)

55. Dogs. (Too hyper, too needy, too slobbery, stop humping my leg...)

56. Red Pandas. (What about them?)

57. Staying up late with friends. (Friends.. What are those again?)

58. Sending letters. (To whom?)

59. Surprise parties. (*Sigh* Never invited to one and have never had one thrown for me. People don't even care enough to say Happy Birthday.. You know, when I actually did have friends.)

60. Warm sheets. (I don't get that luxury, being homeless going into winter and all.)

61. Reading. (Reddit. That's about all my attention span is good for anymore.)

62. Swimming in the pool at night. (Some of my Depression stems from being overweight, self conscious, and having no confidence. I'm not getting into a pool anytime soon. Although, I used to love swimming.)

63. Going to diners with friends. (Can you come up with something that doesn't involve nonexistent friends? And going alone is depressing.)

64. Early morning runs. (I'm 70lbs overweight, can barely get up to do anything, in a city with extremely bad air with constant hazardous for health warnings... It's not happening. I tried to in a gym not long ago and I'm almost positive I had a heart attack. My balance was the last thing to come back and that took a while. When I was younger I got blackout drunk once and had far greater balance than that.)

65. Looking at old photos. (I have none, unless you mean the couple when I was still depressed all those years ago and I just want to go back in time and tell them "Do it! Do it now! Things are only going to get far, far worse than they are now where happiness will be a myth. And soulmates. Those aren't real either.)

66. Going to a museum. (Boring. Sorry, I usually like them for the most part, but my city doesn't have one worth going to.)

67. Soft sweaters. (Meh. I'm not really a sweater person.)

68. Being in a hot jacuzzi at night. (All by myself.. because that's very comforting. No thanks, I'll just take a hot shower and burn my skin.)

69. Going to the aquarium. (Maybe if I had someone to go with. I'll just watch a video otherwise.)

70. Hugs. (I want these so much, you have no idea. Now THIS would be something worth living for if I actually got any. Like ever. I did once a few years ago and it was the best thing to happen to me in a very long time.)

71. Fireplace. (Combined with hugs that don't exist and a soulmate who doesn't exist.. I would actually be happy for a change.)

72. Holidays. (I spent many years completely alone for holidays. I'm more annoyed with them than anything.)

73. Home cooked meals. (When I have the energy to cook, I love them.. but that isn't gonna happen while I'm homeless.)

74. Roller coasters. (Doesn't mix well with high blood pressure, trust me.)

75. Going to parties. (Can't you tell by now I'm super fun at parties?)

76. Playing pranks on people. (Not really my thing. Pass.)

77. Driving your dream car. (I don't have one? I'm not really into cars. I suppose if I had a nice RV to live in that'd be really great.)

78. Getting the job you wished for. (Something that won't work me to the point of injury and leave me homeless would be a nice start. I would love to have to energy and capacity to help other who suffer as I do. Unfortunately, I can't even help myself right now.)

79. Seeing your favorite animal in person. (Dolphins. Would be cool. What if they don't like me though? Why would they? I don't even like me.)

80. Camping. (Doing plenty of that right now, being homeless and all.)

81. Sleeping. (Used to sleep in all the time. I hate it now. I love dreaming, but I don't like sleeping in anymore. It's the only peace I get though. Well, except for the fact that soulmates actually exist in my dreams and then I have to wake up and face reality.)

82. Iced drinks on hot days. (A luxury in my case. They are nice though. Not worth continuing to suffer through this miserable life I'm living though.)

83. Poetry. (Ick)

84. Trying on cool clothes. (I'm cool with just Cargo pants, thank you.)

85. Hanging out with friends. (I dunno how to indicate that I just moaned for a long time here. Maybe: Nnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnngh... but a lot longer than that.)

86. City skylines. (Don't have that here.)

87. Trying out future technology. (Is it the future yet?)

88. Beautiful wildlife. (I still like this. Would need to get out there to actually see it though. Would still be a boring day without more to do or someone to share it with.)

89. Collecting things. (I collect past regrets and embarrassing moments of myself. It's useless.)

90. Making someones day. (I like to do this. Wish someone would do this for me for once though.)

91. Laughing so hard you can't breath. (My face always hurts just from smiling when I'm watching something funny. You aren't likely gonna get me to laugh very much. Certainly not enough to make me unable to breathe.)

92. Warm blankets fresh from the dryer. (Wasn't this already listed? Hmmm... Ah. #60. Warm Sheets. Are you even trying at this point?)

93. Sewing. (Let me ask that again.. Are you even trying at this point?)

94. Seeing the future. (You must've seen that I'd ask: Are you even trying at this point.)

95. Late night convos. (With WHO?! Whom? Bleh! Whatever, I'll just talk to myself like usual.)

96. Rewatching your favorite shows. (Another reused one said differently. #17. Same answer basically. There's only so many time you can rewatch something though. I feel like I'm just cycling through them over and over.)

97. Hunting. (Used to like fishing. Both offer toi much time to think about bad stuff unless I can occupy myself with something else, with defeats the purpose.)

98. Boardgames. (I've played enough board/card games with myself to know it isn't fun.)

99. Sitting out in the rain. (Sure, if I wanna freeze to death. Hmm... Maybe we're onto something here.)

100. The sauna. (Hot shower)

101. Cooking new recipes. (I do occasionally when I'm able to actually cook.)

102. Bob Ross tutorials. (I hate doing art, remember?)

103. Gordon Ramsay’s cooking tutorials. (Yell at people "It's fucking RAW!" and use various insults. Sure, I'll give you this one.)

104. Climbing mountains. (Afraid of heights and I'm 100% sure that if I don't fall, I'll just toss myself off anyway. Good suggestion.)

105. Old architecture. (No thanks.)

106. Reading books. (Bruh... Ok what number? 61.. This is almost like those employment tests that keep asking the same thing in different ways.)

107. Growing your own food. (Pretty sure the city wouldn't like me growing a garden where I'm at.)

108. Awesome views from up high. (Oh, so you're just trying to kill me by giving me a heart attack, is that it? I'm afraid of heights.)

109. Baking things you love. (Brownies and cookies and cake, oh my! I'll eat them all and be in even more pain from being unhealthy. Great idea.)

110. Picnics. (If I had someone to go with, sure. But I don't.)

111. Finding new hobbies. (Tried it, and this took all my energy to do. But I actually made it through the list. Didn't expect that. I do expect to be downvoted to oblivion when I post my perspective of things though.)

"I promise no matter what, thing will get better then where they are now, there's so much more to life then feeling down. There's so much you haven't done yet and I hope that now matter what you know how much you are loved, and wanted, and appreciated. It gets better I promise."

(How would you know? This may be in r/all, but it's from r/teenagers, and I've been suffering from depression for longer than any teenager has been alive. This is my life, full of misery and suffering. This isn't a movie, this is real life. Not everyone gets a happy ending.

Some of us are just destined to have terrible lives, and lists like this aren't going to help, which is why I took the time to answer all of these.. So that you can see from the perspective of someone who's suffered, who's seriously considered suicide, and who nearly succeeded in doing so.

Actions speak louder than words or lists. Actually spend the time to listen and try to be there for someone. A lot of people claim to, but aren't. Or they promise they're there if you need them, but disappear when you reach out. 

The only thing in this list that would truly make my day, that would really make me happy, is a hug. I simple hug. It could mean the entire world to someone.)