I’m so scared to die I might jump IMMEDIATELYDear internet,

If any of you are harbouring such feelings, I do hope you’re able to find some sort of help in your life. Well for me, it’s simply breathing. Don’t know if that works for you too. I really do understand such feelings and I often experience these feelings....they come and go in waves that make me recall the terrible challenges or feelings I have to go through. It’s a daily occurrence (almost).

I don’t know why I am feeling this way: so very helpless, often empty at heart, and above all, the very intense feelings of wanting to end it all. 

I’ve heard that it’s often the people who go through the terrible trials that understands such feelings the most. Maybe I can explain it.

The feeling of wanting to end yourself is a terribly heavy feeling—I feel a wash of relief but I’m often ridden by guilt at the very back of my throat. There’s this feeling of temporal existence...not sure why I’m trapped in this bubble that is life. Often, feeling like a burden to everyone I cross paths with or worse still, feeling  the need to cover up any intention of death because you don’t want to frighten your loved ones.

But you think you’re never loved, do you? I often feel this way too. And so do many I guess. Don’t feel this way, don’t feel that way.....stop. Don’t tell me what to feel. I’m afraid it would be true that no one loves me.

I don’t know and I want to die, always. I still do wish the very best for everyone on here. Life is tough. Life is bloody terrible. I always dream of jumping off or enduring the painful knife that stabs me through and ceases my existence. Life sucks. It gets progressively harder. You try your best and for what? To meet your maker? (If you’re religious) or what...? Have a shot at love and all the wonderfully warm experiences people enjoy eg. Stepping into a warm place after a cold day? That’s all? Sounds like life is an endless cycle of pain and relief.

I cannot fathom why choose life when it’s hard to foresee the road ahead. There’s so much pressure. You always have to spar with someone or something and push yourself beyond where you’re at currently...nothing to discourage...just gets very pressurising sometimes. 

I do feel a little lost in this thread. I sincerely wish the very best for everyone but I must be honest: I cannot hide such feelings. I’m trying to find a ground between what I struggle with and telling people that they do matter. You do, it’s just that I don’t feel like I do. 


I’m 19 and I often hear how “young” when so and so dies...all that nonsense about wasted potential because I do empathise with such a choice. A final choice in fact. I’m here to rant about what I really feel but I’m also here to tell people not to end it....it may help knowing that a lot of us struggle in life. I believe all of us do.

No one will probably read this. It’s okay. Maybe if you’re a lurker Out there and just read this, hi! Nice to meet you. I just want to feel okay and survive such intense suicidal feelings....as much as I also tell people not to give up living. It’s so complicated.