In 14 months I plan on ending my life. I can't do this anymore.I struggle with cptsd, severe chronic depression and severe social anxiety. I grew up in a horrible child hood. raped and molested by my step dad, beaten daily by him. forced into incest with two of my cousins and an aunt by him.  He tried killing me many times. 


My family hated me and always did things to me for no reason. I grew up watching my mom trying to end her life then when I was 25 she succeeded. I lost my real dad when I was 23, only knew him for 4 months before he died of liver failure. Spent ten years homeless and have witnessed many things, a murder, dozens of suicides live right in front of me unable to stop it. being robbed, shot at on many occasions. 


Didn't know how to read or write until I was 20 and learned it from a friend of mine who was also homeless and a homeless veteran who served in Vietnam and was in his mid 60's ended up taking his own life right next to me and I was unable to stop it. He just got tired of fighting every day being homeless and no help, no money no family. 


I spent the past ten years trying to get my GED but am unable to because of learning issues. I am on a second grade level and first grade level on every subject. I have to learn from first/second all the way to 12th in every subject. I spent the past ten years trying to get a career, a job and my own apartment. I bought my first car last year only to get scammed by the car dealership out of 2 thousand dollars that took me 4 years to save. Was supposed to move into my own apartment in Wisconsin back in February but needed eye surgery in march to remove a cataract in my right eye and now needing it done in my left eye.


I spent the past ten years trying to find a room to rent but all I can afford is 350 a month all bills incl. Everywhere I find want more than that. I can't afford more than that while living on disability unable to work and getting 800 a month to live on. I have struggled with obesity since childhood even when I was homeless I was pushing over 400 lbs and unable to lose. 


I been single my entire life and have spent the past eight years in the dating scene in person and online and all I get told is I am worthless, ugly, disgusting, mocked at, laughed at, made fun of, trolled, bullied, told I have nothing no one wants and even told to end my own life on many occasions even by my own family even my own mom. 

I have absolutely no friends, no family, no support of any kind. I struggle day in day out with severe loneliness. I haven't even had a good conversation with anyone in 8 years and that was a woman who lead me on pretended to love me and want me but turned out she was married and used me for attention. I haven't watched a movie or tv show with anyone in over 18 years now. 


I wake up at nights in tears and shaking from cptsd nightmares and sometimes confused where I am then it takes me awhile to calm down and get my mind set right. I tried 10 years of therapy, meds, counseling, mental hospitals. none of it helps, none of it works. it either makes me feel like a zombie or it makes me messed up even worse. 


I have tried for ten years to turn my life around and been unable to. so in 14 months when I hit 40 I am going to celebrate my birthday with a pizza, some whiskey and wine coolers, a few of my favorite movies, some music and then going to euthanize myself and go peacefully and get the peace and rest out of this hellish life I am living.


I know this won't make it past ten minutes on here but I have no where else to post it and just tired of holding all of this in. Call me a liar, a troll, call me whatever you want. I just had to vent this. couldn't hold it in anymore. 


TL;DR: Had a horrid shitty life and nothing I do works out and all I do is fail at everything I set out to do and when I turn 40 I am going out with a nice little bang then end my life.