I've pretty much lost all hope and I don't see a pointI have a plan to kill myself on February 24th, which is my 19th birthday. I originally had plans to kill myself on my 20th but due to how shitty the past year was, I moved it to this year.
The first ten years of my life were pretty shitty. I lived with an abusive uncle who was schitzophrenic, he tried to kill my father and he molested me during a family get together. Because of him I ended up having a fear of men. Fast forward to 2013. It's my first month of high school and I start dating a boy. He seems fine for the first few weeks but ended up being a monster. He sexually abused me whenever he could. He would put me in a choke hold and pin me down and groap me. He would berate me and pretty much tell me I was never going to be anything of worth. We broke up two months after and I fell into a deep depression. He would spread rumours about me pretty much saying I cheated and that I was actually male. I also witnessed him sexually assault one of my best friends at the time who told me not to do anything and I've held a guilt ever since. From my relationship with him, I became tramatized and it's pretty much fucked up my whole life. I am now homeschooled because I was too terrified to go to school out of fear. I developed body image issues and I am terrified to go outside alone. I started self harming and now the entire left side of my body is covered in scars. That same grade I met my current boyfriend who was the first person I ever told about any of this. He was extremely supportive and still is to this day. From my last relationship I also became extremely needy and terrified of abandonment. I remember during the first year of my relationship with my current bf, I couldn't even spend even an hour without talking to him cuz I would have a panic attack and barely function.  He has anger issues and doesn't really know how to keep his cool and I also get really defensive and tend to insult him. We constantly argue and at this point I feel like he doesn't even love me and would prefer if I just died. He says he loves me but I just don't see how anyone could. I've done some pretty shitty things in 2017 that I regret strongly and they haunt me. I've been diagnosed with Anxiety,PTSD, and BPD and I honestly cannot deal with my brain and the stress it causes me. I see nothing for me in the future. I feel as if the world around me gets worse every day and ive lost so much hope. I feel like I'm only good for sex. I plan to drop hang myself from a bridge near my house that's really important to me. Sorry if this whole thing is written stupid and if I seem like an attention whore. I just needed to write 