Heyheyhey!!!!Throwaway account here

A bittt of a nudge here and everything would crumble down GRJDBJSNSHCK

All I've done is to spread hatefulness and pain, a loser with a rotten heart. If someone is dying on a sidewalk my selfish ass would laugh them off while casually eating a sandwich. A monster with no empathy whatsoever, a double-faced dickhead smearing shit one everyone's face, a hideous gunk of meat swearing and screaming on people who actually waste their time caring about it. Fuck this whole shit, this whole narcissistic self-absorbed pig lacking conscience and common sense about everyone and everything

All I've done is to gain trust only to break them and I didn't even feel bad about that!!!!!!!!!!! What a wonderful person!!!!!!!!!!!! I've fucked several people's lives, and here I am still breathing like a dying pig. Wish I could have just died back then, I got "lucky"!!!!!!!!!!!!! (why do I call that luck I need to die lmao)

You all are beautiful people with your own flaws and good qualities. Please don't take your lives, the world needs you all... People who have contemplated their own deaths usually have tender hearts, this world is too fucked up for them. Please don't waste your lives, this world could be a utopia had every single one of THOSE SELF-ABSORBED ASSES actually cared and listened to your problems.

(unlike me lmao fuck this pig (sorry, pigs are muchhhhhhhh better than this filth, at least they make wonderful bacon strips))

(Pigs can't look into the sky, they wander around this shit hole their entire lives lmao)

Also I'm a fucking pedophile(!!!!!!!!THROW UP, SPILL YOUR GUTS OUT!!!!!!!!!) Don't worry, I'd be dead before I'd actually touch a single kid. I promise you that. After some preparations I would *POOF* be gone. One filth gone from the world. A FUCKING FILTH GONE FROM THE WORLD, I AM THE WORLD'S GREATEST JANITOR!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Sorry for wasting your precious time,  if anyone ever read this whole shit. Leaving mah filthy words over here folks, unless the mods remove them. You people are too good to die, this sub needs more filth like me.

Goodbye, Ciao!!!!!!!