No futureThe more I think about my future the more I realize there is nothing for me there anymore. I'm a female-to-male transgender who is not able to change his ID until my country stops demanding sterilization of trans people, and due to my chronic illnesses I'm unable to start hormone treatment either. Other trans men are not very welcoming of those who are not on HRT and keep saying awful things to people who don't use T, and every day I live in the fear that I'll be denied jobs for being trans or people refuse to treat me as a man even if I politely correct them. I used to be scared of being assaulted too, but at this point I'd honestly welcome it because I no longer care about my own safety - it'd just do me a favour if someone decided to finally kill me and end this stupid farce. 

The more I read and see what people say about trans people and how much hate there is towards us, I feel like it would be the easiest for me to simply kill myself and stop existing. People at my home town pretend I'm dead, and it hurts me so much more than I thought it would; I find it unfair people can just pretend I'm dead when I don't even have the luxury of being six feet underground. 

I don't want any special rights. I'm not out here to trick anyone into having sex with me (hell, I'm not interested in sex or a relationship at all), or attack anyone for misgendering me, because all it takes is a polite "sorry, I'm a guy" and "oh, I see, sorry" response from the person to move on. I want to graduate and have a job and support young people in my work, and I want to fight for changes in my country so that children wouldn't have to live in fear like I had to as a child because of my abusive family. 

But little by little even the good things in life, along with all my ambitions, are eaten by this constant feeling that I'm disgusting and infectious and a direct threat to non-trans people for simply existing.  

I beg of you. Please see us as humans. I want to live like others and do my hardest to pay taxes and help other people and contribute to the society and do something meaningful. How many more of us have to die and be driven to suicide before people realize that while we're all individuals, we're still all people, not animals. 