I thought about itI've been thinking about the pro's and cons of living. 

Honestly, after thinking for a good month, I've seen no point in my life.

I'm overweight which has led to me getting picked on everyday at school.

I'm lazy to the point where I'm failing 5 classes. 

Genetically, I have too many disorders that shouldn't continue onto more and more generations. 

Literally have no friends, not even an exaggeration, I lost all my friends a couple months ago.

Parents always compare me to my brother who is a marine, they always say "well you know (brother) did this, why aren't you doing that"? Kinda thing.

I have no interest in growing up and doing anything in my life, since 4th grade I've always planned on suicide one day, I didn't even think I'd make it to highschool, but now I always feel like I should have done it earlier.

Struggles with Depression, Adhd,, bibolar dissorder, along with many other physiological issues that I don't want to deal with. 

LITERALLY haven't been in a semi happy mood in about 2 years. 

When it comes to the positive things in my life, well that's the thing, I can't think of things that make me happy enough to stay alive, I have two dogs that I care about deeply, they are my only two friends but if I died I'm sure they wouldn't realize it. (Seriously something I think about when thinking about suicide). All around me I see people who are happy, but I can't figure out how to get into that mindset. I've thought about suicide every night for the past..maybe 3 months? 

I've been hospitalized maybe 4 times by my parents for feeling suicidal, which costs them a ot of money because our insurance doesn't cover enough of it. 

If I do kill myself, I'm fairly sure no one will truly miss me, which is a good thing for me.  I've thought about how my parents would feel, but I'm pretty sure they think of me as the mistake that they have to pay for, so after funeral expenses, They wouldn't have to worry about paying tuition and what not.


I really am not sure why I'm posting here tonight, maybe for closure, or some type of human interaction, I don't know.

For now, Im planning on doing the deed sometime this month, but I'm still thinling about the possible outcome if I don't. Thanls for listening.