College student looking for someone to talkMy name is Logan and I’m 21 years old. I’m a college student in my senior year about to graduate in May. On the outside, everything in my life seems fine. I’ve got good grades, I go to class, I turn in my homework, I’m good looking, I think, just a regular guy. 

But I can’t even remember the last time I was happy. When I was a kid my parents fought and screamed at each other all day every day, so I got away as much as possible. I would bike 5-6 miles just to go to the movie theatre and escape. In high school I ran cross country and track, and I was a normal student, but I didn’t really have any friends but one. There was one kid who I had known my entire life, literally my best and only friend, but one day he learned when our family was on vacation and broke into our house, stealing a lot of money and trashing the place. He admitted to doing it, and I remember holding my little brother in bed who was crying because he thought that someone was going to break in again. My parents were too busy fighting to care I guess.

So now I had no friends, and it was so hard to meet anyone. Now I think that maybe I have trust issues like I only see the worst in people or something. I can’t get near anyone because everyone I’ve ever been close to has left or doesn’t care about me. No one but me. I was really down for a long time, and no one cared. One night I was at the house alone and I grabbed a knife from the kitchen and I don’t know what I was thinking, I just wanted it all to stop so I didn’t have to cry anymore. My mother came home and found me right then, like the worst timing in the world, and I was crying with a knife and I told her what I was doing. She made me see this counselor woman, but I refused to talk to her. They sat me in front of some fat, rich, stupid, privileged woman who knew nothing about me and expected me to talk or something, but I just sat there not saying a word for every meeting she made me do.

I went to college, and it was more of the same. I have no friends. I go to class, do my homework, and sit in my room. I don’t know what’s fucking wrong with me but sometimes I hurt myself or go on a walk and punch a brick wall until its covered in blood from my hand. I barely eat anything anymore, I’m pretty sure I have anorexia. I’m 5 foot 10 inches and weigh about 110 pounds. Last year I went too long without eating and passed out, hitting my head on the floor pretty bad. I woke up in the hospital and it took me 6 months to recover. It’s just getting worse. I don’t want to be around anymore, but I’m too much of a pussy to kill myself. I’ve tried everything, hanging, cutting, co-2 with a car. I just can’t fucking do it. I don’t know anymore. I don’t know what would make me happy. I guess I just want someone to love me. But no one ever has.

I met a girl last year in school and we hit it off. I’m still a virgin and I’ve never had a girlfriend, so I’m a bit shy, but I’m pretty good looking, so I went for it. For a while things were great, I worked up the nerve to tell her I liked her, and she told me she liked me back. We would sit up all night watching bad movies and talking until the morning. This went on for a while. One day I worked up the courage to tell her I wanted to kiss her and we did, (first kiss at 20 years old is pathetic, I know) and I asked her out. She said no and just left. All the time we spent just wasted. All the times she told me she liked me were a lie I guess. It was crushing. The first friend I’ve made in years just gone. But that’s what I get for putting myself out there. Just like my old friend when I was young. Now I’m 21, still a virgin, still have no friends, and I’m supposed to graduate and find a job, start a life? For the last 8 years I’ve been trying to find a way to die and I can’t take it anymore. I don’t know what to do. No one has ever told me they loved me. No one has ever cared. No one even notices me because I look so normal I guess. But I’m falling apart. I’m barely eating, I’m dangerously underweight, and I’m too much of a pussy to die. 

I don’t know what the point of all this is, I guess I just have no one to talk to and I don’t know what to do. I don’t think I can kill myself, but I’ve been trying again recently and it just hurts so fucking bad. I’m just angry and sad all the time. I feel like I almost can’t even get up in the morning anymore. Food doesn’t taste good, even fucking masturbating doesn’t feel good. I have no one to turn to.

What the fuck do I do? I spend all day putting on a smile so no one at school can tell. I can’t keep doing this much longer…
