Not sure if this is the right place, but I need a place to speak and some comfort...This is a long and pointless story, but I want to get it off my chest for whatever reason. I don't expect anyone to read this but I want to talk, even if to an empty forum.

I'll start of by saying that I'm depressed. Horribly depressed. I've been struggling with it for most of my adult life. Because of it, I have a mediocre relationship with my family, no real friends to turn to, and no one to love. I'm also a stupid depressed person. I've refused help because I don't feel like my depression holds any significance that it actually requires help. I feel embarrassed to be having these problems.

Anyways, the current topic on my mind -- love. I've had a boyfriend leave me because he couldn't bear it anymore. He was someone I loved very much and had supported me when I was struggling through university, even though it was long distance. When he left me, I was at a very low point and it killed me inside. I gave up on life. I gave up on my schoolwork, people, and myself. During this period, all I did was sleep, and the little energy I had to get myself up, I spent it on drinking. I felt without a purpose and I almost elected to kill myself. I know it sounds stupid to end your own life over the loss of a significant other but at the time, it was the only thing that felt right. However, I held back against it because a part of me wanted to get better. 

Some time after, I met another man. He made me so happy. I never felt more alive and content with myself. He was very understanding and helped me through some hard times and stood by my side when I needed someone the most. He was there for me when no one else could be -- family, friends? they never cared like he did. He was my rock and life started to make sense again. But of course, that depressed side of me was still alive and I relapsed. Badly. As a result, last night he broke up with me. I don't blame him; what happened was entirely my fault. I let everything out. He saw that dark part of me that I've been working so hard to kill. Everything I've built towards becoming "normal" collapsed in an instant.

God...it sounds so stupid and childish just typing this out but godfuckingdammit, I've never felt more miserable in my life as I am feeling right now. I'm depressed, panicky, angry and filled with true sadness. To make my stupid onslaught of emotions worse, I miss him so fucking much and I still love him. It makes me feel so dependent and pathetic. I just want it to end. I don't think I have enough energy to ward off the temptation to just end things this time around. I feel so alone right now.

If you did manage to read this, thank you for listening. If not, thanks Reddit, for allowing there to be a forum for me to speak my mind even if there's no one out there. I'm still miserable but at least I got the chance to lift an ounce of the weight on my chest.

Tl;dr. I'm a miserable fuck.