delicate and unsteadyHey. i'm new. This is strange. As long as could remember i hated the essence of Life. i'm gonna be honest, i won't tell my whole situation. Some parts i can't even put into words. But the parts i can, i will. 

Yeah so i hate life. i know its a shitty thing to say in today's world regarding how many other people have it worse than me, but regardless, i fucking hate life. All my life i've been fighting with myself because i would hate to see my family hurt because i offed myself. So like any other person in my position. i turned to pain. I have scars on my arms from where i've cut. vertical cuts. I even have a trophy jokers smile from where i cut a smile across my face. everytime i self-harm, it helps but only a little. like how a drop of water would help a desert-parched man. Everyday is a battle. Last year I attempted. It was the first year I went without support. My brother. I had moved 2500 miles away from him. He always knew when i lost my battles with my self, and he would help fight them for me. But I went a year without him. And I fucking lost. I attempted twice. And as you can see, what a failure. I reconnected with my brother in august, when i saw him, when "we" saw him ("we" being the part that stays alive for my family vs the real me that wants to not exist.) it was weird. i was angry that help was near. And happy that help came. i hate help, i want to be sad, i want to be reminded that i dont want to exist, i want to inflict my own pain.

i'm strange, delicate, and loaded with 3 fucking mental disabilities that i self diagnosed. funny right, how can i diagnose my self. sometimes i think to myself i want to have these mental flaws, but deep down i know theres a good chance i have these. or i might not, i dont know. I just know that i'm fucked in the head, completely and utterly fucked in the skull. Theres even one time i convinced my parents to get me anti depressants because i know they can make you feel worse, and can be used as a way "out"

I know soon i'll attempt again, and the only reasoned i failed is because other "me" won, even though i said he lost. but the other me is letting go. And im elated. 

Ever since a child, my life was my enemy. How fuckin delicate am i. how unsteady. delicate cause i break easily. unsteady because i break myself. This isn't everything. honestly. not because i want to seem like i have alot of problems. but because i dont know how to voice my problems. To my inconvenience.