Is the only option suicide?I do not know where to begin with this. I can hardly sort out my thoughts in my distraught mood at the moment either so the best I cand o to explain my situation is just writing as the thoughts come to mind before I forget them. 

I do not know why I am writing this. Perhaps it is out of pure desperation as I have seemingly no way out of this situation.

I have lived my entire life since adolescence being effectively imprisoned by my family. For clarification, by "family" I mean my mother and sister who are in their early 60s and late 40s respectively. My dad went out of the picture about 5 years ago. I am still unclear to the whole situation surrounding that because my family only gives me their side of the story while the rare times I actually find him on the streets during an errand to the grocery store, he told me at one point that he left due to my sister's immense quagmire of toxicity and hate breeding towards him that turned my mom and other two sisters (who live away from us currently) against him, ostracizing him from the family. 

As for me, throughout my childhood I was heavily discouraged from doing things that would eventually result in,me branching away from the family. I could not hang out with friends nor go to their houses under the pretense that all of my friend's parents, from elementary all the way to high school, are child molesters waiting to pounce. This is most likely due to the hit TV show at the time, "To Catch A Predator" featuring Chris Hanson. Ever since, even when I turned 18, my mom would at first outright forbid me from hanging out and demanded I come home immediately after school until I was nearing "adulthood" in which she would instead greatly dissuade me from doing so by irrationally turning melodramatic, harsh and slinging many put downs and blaming anything I did wrong on my friends. 

Over time I simply did not want to deal with my mom berating me and the mere thought of it-- even now-- makes me freeze up in distress. For some inexplicable reason I cannot go against her demands and no matter how many times I try to fortify my will to try to say no, I shrink and crumple when she gives me "the look" or raises her voice. I am 23 now and I despise myself fort this. She often tells me that I am no longer a child anymore when it suits her arguments and uses phrases such as "man up" yet the moment I show any sign of denying an order from her she berates me or, as I've come to put it, chimps out. Loud yelling and wailing that just makes the tension in the house palpable. My sister also I prone to doing this, sometimes even more so than my mom, to the point even my own mom sometimes says how my sister thinks she is "ruling the house" too much. I also have trouble talking to others at this point as loud voices or being talked to sternly causes me to involuntarily freeze up. 

My mom has done some questionable things over the years that I will not get into detail unless its necessary. But what pertains to me is that she has been pushing me to college to use my financial aid, called Fafsa here in the US, to pay for rent and other bills. I only get about 1400 dollars per semester so this is not enough to afford a 1511 dollar monthly rent on a poorly kept two bedroom, one bathroom apartment. We also have no income. My sister does not work as she JUST got her papers this month and started looking for jobs. My mom stopped working as a nurse December 2016 due to the immense back pain caused by, according to her doctor, 15 years worth of kidney stones. Even the doctor is surprised she has not died yet. And she refuses to get surgery for them because the first surgery lead to excruciating pain that almost made her have a stroke just from her already high blood pressure rising further. She needs the surgery. She complains every day about her pain and it only gets worse. She keeps looking on YouTube for home remedies for pain like mixing cayenne pepper in water to make a rub or using some inedible salt I can't remember the name of to soak her feet into. These won't help. She cannot pass the kidney stones. The doctor showed her a picture of her kidneys and it looks like the entire inside is completely crystallized. They have to be shattered but she refuses to take surgery and just wastes more of our limited money on these failing remedies. 

This brings in the important question. "Where is he money coming from?" Credit cards. She has been using multiple credit cards in a cycle to pay off bills. Electric bills, cell phone bills, internet bills, other credit card bills. One pays the other and then the next pays the last and so on. This obviously will catch up to her and it did. With nowhere else to get money from, I soon turned 18 and I was made to get a credit card of my own to enter the cycle with her. Why didn't I say no? I couldn't. "My house, my rules". For me, someone who has now been isolated at this point and only ever leaving the house to buy groceries for my family, this was dreadful. I could not say no to her because I feared she would "throw me to the lions". I had and still have no clue how "the world outside" of my apartment works. I don't know how to ride a bike. I don't know how to drive a car. I've never done taxes before. I was forbidden from getting a job, let alone a summer job, throughout primary school so I have no job experience and apparently you need that even for minimum wage jobs. So I could only say yes. She also made me put the electric bill under my name but never gave me a reasoning why. Just vague, irrational answers such as "I just don't want it under my name anymore because it has HIS name in it" (HIS meaning my  dad's last name since she married him). I was also made to take out a student loan to pay for February rent because we have no income and once again, this the credit card cycle caught up to us. I am now under a 2000+ dollar power bill debt, soon o be 2000 dollar credit card balance and also a 1745 dollar student loan. 

I am not in college anymore. Due to my own failures, I let myself fall into my depressive thoughts and kept failing semesters. I still beat myself up to this day. I could have been stronger. But I let my family get to me and started believing their jeers. "He's just a bum." "all you do is play video games. You need to get out more." (Ironic since I am met with more berating if I leave to try to do something). 

We will not have money from March rent due to me being dismissed from community College and therefore not getting financial aid. I have been dreading this day since January when I first found out I was dismissed. My family does not know what's coming on March 2nd. 

When my sister and mom left to see mom's doctor and left me alone at the apartment for 8 hours I cried. I cried hard. I wailed and I screamed. I let out as much of the dread, distress, anger and despair I felt and screamed at the top of my lungs until I couldnt cry anymore. Then I packed what little belongings I have. I am probably going to pack clothes tonight too. 

I am going to run away on Friday. I have no plans of where. I don't even know what to do at this point but I know it is not safe for me to be here when they find out there is no money to keep the roof over their heads. I don't know what to do so I come here, after weeks of just lurking and reading so many other people's stories, asking for ideas. The only plan I have is dying on the streets. I only have two dollars to my name. No friends to move in with and no relatives. If there is nothing I can do, I've already prepared to gash my arms out and bleed in my bathtub while my family is asleep. I do not care how much it will hurt. I just want to stop struggling. I have already went through so much psychological pain that this small moment of possibly mind numbing pain is worth it if t means I can escape from this hell. The very few people I talk to online will miss me, sure, but in time they will forget. Everyone has to move on at some point. Just like when a family pet dies. It will be the same for me too. 