In need of some guidance.I have been struggling with moderate to severe anxiety all of my life. My greatest fears are losing people I love and failure. 

Last night I had a total breakdown, was left home alone, and spent most of the night reading motivational anti-suicide websites and sobbing, while clutching bottles of adderall, ativan and another antidepressant I was prescribed for sleep, ultimately considering overdosing. I managed to get too tired to clearly think it through (after taking a single ativan prior to my breakdown in hopes to soothe me), so I went to sleep and here I am, asking for help.


My parents are older (in their 60s) and collectively not in the best health (long time smokers, alcoholics, etc), but they're good people overall and I love them, so of course I don't want to lose them. My mom has severe bowel issues and may have colon cancer. My mom is my best friend and a lot of my anxiety is stemmed from the thought of losing her. Just picturing it makes me cry, and I'm tearing up now just typing this.


As of late (I'm 27) my anxiety has gotten worse. I'm afraid to go out in fear I'll have a panic attack and have no way of getting home. My apartment was almost broken into a few months back, so I can't go out without fearing that I'll come home to a ransacked apartment. My cat is also sick a lot (has heart issues and faints from time to time), so I also have her on my mind while I'm away from home.


I'm also in a LOT of debt. A couple years ago, I seemed to get a somewhat decent grip on it, but now I have around $15,000 in credit card/loan debt, and about $13K in a student loan that is thankfully deferred at the moment. Most of the debts are due to my cat getting sick (in and out of the emergency vet about five times in the past year, which cost me around $600 a visit) and my car having trouble (new transmission, and I can't afford to invest in a new one). I'd chuck the car if it weren't for the fact that my sister recently had a baby, and I'd like to be able to easily visit them every now and then.  I'm really terrible with money, and spend it on dumb things when I'm feeling sad.  My therapist said I was a compulsive spender and tried to give me tips on how to avoid spending money (putting things in a basket, going to do something else, come back to the computer and if you still want to buy the stuff do it, if not, don't).  The sadder I am, the more money I spend trying to make myself feel better.  I buy a lot of expensive clothes to distract from my insecurities.  My hair started falling out in my early 20's, so I buy a lot of hair products to mask it and have even bought a bunch of wigs to simply cover it up.


I switched jobs to try to move up the ladder in a local non profit and I'm miserable. My boss is a crazy type A personality and while she is a nice person, she does monitor my activity at work, says things like "wow, you've been wandering around a lot today" if I go to simple places like the bathroom or take a few minutes to chat with a work friend. The money is good, and I'm not in a position financially to simply switch jobs, plus I like where I work; my boss's temperament just adds to my anxiety. My job before was with an AMAZING, understanding, fun supervisor who never cared what I did as long as my work was done and I didn't make her look bad. I was sincerely happy going to work every day, never called out, and I had fun. But the work itself was boring, there was limited upward mobility, and I needed more money and something that actually required a bachelor's degree to validate actually going to college.


To compound all of that, my three closest friends moved away to various areas in the country in the past year to fulfill their life goals. So, aside from my live in boyfriend, I really don't have any friends. That entire experience was pretty traumatic, and did spend a few weeks after the last friend moved crying in bed alone.


I struggle talking about these things with my SO, as he has a pretty strong group of friends, and I don't want to burden him with my troubles. I know, I know, that's what he's there for, but it's a lot to handle when your girlfriend, who seemed for the most part put together, strongly considered suicide the night before while he was out with his friends.


I have been to a therapist, and I'm going to schedule an appointment to go back to see her. I had stopped seeing her in December because we were able to work through my anxieties and she gave me this great self help book on coping mechanisms for when I have a panic attack.
I just feel like the past month has been hell for me, and while I don't want to take my own life per say, I wouldn't exactly mind if I died naturally in my sleep tonight.


I guess I just need some help as to where to go from here besides simply reconnecting with my therapist.