Wubba Lubba Dub Dub     Buckle up, this'll be a long one. 
So for a little bit of background, here's a timeline. 
I've had anxiety issues FOREVER. All through elementary school, I had extreme separation anxiety. It was brushed off as me just being a clingy kid, up until fourth grade. In fourth grade, my anxiety hit an all time record. I missed a shit ton of school and they eventually sent a letter home complaining about it. I started therapy and was prescribed Zoloft. Believe it or not, I had my first semi-suicidal thought in fourth grade. I remember it clearly. "What if I just wasn't here anymore?" 
In fifth grade we moved. That year was okay, but the anxiety stayed strong. In year 6 I became severely depressed and started self harming. This lasted until year 7. Basically, middle school sucked ass. Now I'm a high school student and things are bad again. 

     Over the past six months I've become suicidal again. I keep thinking about how easy it would be to just do it. It would literally take no effort. It's currently 2:04 AM and I've kept myself up all night every night for 6 months thinking about this. I recently told my mother that these feelings have come back. She got mad and then changed the subject. I'm not in therapy right now (we moved again) and my mom keeps saying she'll look for someone but she hasn't done anything. She doesn't seem to take this seriously. I guess until I actually hurt myself or die there's no problem??? As for my dad, he doesn't get involved at all. He doesn't take me to appointments or even barely talk to me. My sister just bitches about everything I do. 
I just don't know anymore. I feel I've tried everything. So much medicine and hours of therapy... breathing exercises, meditation, nothing helps. 

Also, school. I cannot handle the stress. It makes everything so much worse but whenever I mention homeschool or something like it my mom gets pissed off and yells at me. It's worse because we all know i can do the work. This year I literally didn't show up the last semester of school due to surgery and I passed with honors. 

If you've made it this far, thank you. If anyone has any ideas or other coping mechanisms I would love you forever. I'm honestly so lost right now and suicide is so tempting.  

