I've got everything going for me but I'm still suicidal(This is a throwaway account, obviously. My name is not Emily.)

I'm 19, and a second-semester freshman in college. I have everything in life going for me: two fairly supportive parents, a close group of friends, a full scholarship that covers not only my tuition but my room and board as well, and a 4.0 GPA. I'm a rising officer for several clubs. I was voted Most Likely to Be Successful and Outstanding Senior Girl in high school. But I hate everything about myself and my life.

My parents are both injured, and we fear that because of this, my dad may lose his job soon. He is the main contributor to my parents' income, since my mom only works part-time. Because I need to support them (I'm an only child), I changed my major from something I love (English education) to something I can barely stand (accounting). I'm also on a fast track to graduate in five years with a Master's, but since I spent almost a year with a different major, I'll have to go to school during summers and winter breaks to catch up. Obviously, this is really stressful, and I hate the thought of having to spend the rest of my life doing something I hate just to support my parents.

On top of this, I suffer from what I'm assuming are depression and anxiety. I've never been to a therapist (my family can't afford it), so I've never been officially diagnosed. From 6th grade on, I've had suicidal ideations, and they've only gotten stronger as time has gone on. Since my sophomore year in high school, I've self-harmed via cutting. I also have disordered eating, and frequently go back and forth between eating nothing for days and binging on anything I can find. I gained over 30 lbs. in two years because of this, which has only made my depression worse. In 5th grade, I was sexually assaulted by a classmate, and since then, I've been very fearful of any kind of intimate relationships. I've never had a significant other, and only kissed during a slightly-drunken game of Spin the Bottle earlier this year. I have flashbacks every once in a while, and I also dissociate and depersonalize often. Because of this, I developed severe driving anxiety, and I'm currently completely reliant on others for rides, since public transportation basically doesn't exist where I live.

I know that I have a "good" life, all things considered. I know I should feel lucky and that others would kill to have what I do; I just can't shake my self hatred and the feeling that I'm worthless. I feel like killing myself is inevitable, and that I'm just prolonging the pain. I wrote out suicide notes to my parents and friends today, just in case. I feel like I'm barely hanging on, and just don't know what else to do. In two weeks, finals will be over and I'll be back in my hometown, and I don't know how long I'll be able to take it. 