Bad parents. Inability to decide. Overall bad.I committed to a college at the beginning of May. Don't get me wrong, it's a great school, but I have no clue what I'm doing with my life. I don't think it's logical to make around $4,000 before every semester as a full-time college student and that is apparently what I will have to do. It's in a great city and I want to be able to enjoy it, but that, plus leaving home, gives me extreme anxiety. Having to work in college would ultimately make it so I'm not able to And to make matters worse?

I'm still hung up on the end of my basically two-year relationship five months ago; I keep thinking about all the things I could have done differently, how I could have been better. It caused a lot of stress at school since I was blamed for the entire thing and I just want to apologize at this point but it's too late. Plus, it would make me look like a fool, so even if it would put me at ease, it would only make poeple dislike me more because I'd be admitting that I was wrong and that'd just cause a whole lot more. I hate seeing my ex successful (going to one of the best schools in the state) only because I feel like I'm in a competition with her. If I go to the local community college, I'll consider it a failure, even if it is the better decision for myself.

I hate living at home. My parents aren't supportive at all. They keep saying that I got myself into the whole college mess and if I didn't want to go, then I should have just chosen a community college to begin with. But I change my mind every second. I'm scared to leave one second and I can't wait to meet my roommate and go to college and have a life the next.

I love my job; I love the people there (they truly make me feel like I matter), it's super easy, and I'm good at it. The only issue is that it's a dead-end job. I'd keep it if I went to the community college near me, but... if that didn't work out? What would I do then? I'm also totally in love with my coworker, so that might be affecting my opinion, but I don't think it does because I also think she's just a really cool friend. I'm bad at determining platonic and romantic feelings. Either are cool though. Yikes, I know. But that situation is kind of unrealistic so I'll drop it haha.

So, to go to my college or not? I know this is a decision I have to make by myself, but I can't. Hence my contemplation of suicide. It's all a lot and I'm quite bad at dealing with it all but unfortunately, there is no pause button on life. I don't even know why I want to die. I think because I don't feel important to anyone in my life and because I'm unsure about what to do about my life, but of course, that's typical I guess.

So I'm conflicted. And I really don't want to be here anymore. I guess it's sad, but I've written a suicide letter almost every month this year. Some months I write a little more than one, but I feel like I cold say goodbye to so many people who I care about even if they don't really seem to care about me anymore. I haven't felt this sad in a while. I just want to know what to do. I want to know that someone cares and wants me to succeed because it just kind of feels like nobody does. It feels like nobody believes in me. I'm terrified of failure. I don't even want to try.

I graduate on my eighteenth birthday. I never saw myself living past the age of seventeen and now I'm here, so what the hell am I doing? I have no clue. I'm scared to do anything. What if I absolutely hate it in college? I could absolutely hate it and then I come back here only to have wasted $8,000 for my first semester... Oh well? I'm broke. I can't afford to do that, but I can't be certain I'll actually end up going anywhere with my life unless I go to this school. God. I don't know what to do and my mind is so filled with the idea of death.

I want to know if people know I've been off lately. I want to know if they care or not. I'm tired of just assuming that they do; I feel like I let people know that they matter to me way too much and they don't really seem to care about me at all. And it's not like they're not affectionate/caring people, it probably is just me.

I don't know. I really don't know what I was looking for in posting this, but I am not doing so well. Maybe it's stemmed in the whole "I seek validation from romantic partners" thing, but I was doing quite well for myself before college came up again. But love would be kind of nice, I guess.

(One funny thing that happened though that kind of brightened my day a little? Last night, I was trying to make an ASMR video for my friend as a joke to make them laugh. One of those soap cutting videos. I accidentally stabbed myself in the hand. I know that sounds terrible, but it was kind of funny after the fact lol.)