I sexually assaulted my friend while drunk and it's killing meThis is my first reddit post. I just needed to tell this to someone. 
I've been friends with this girl for a while now, but we just started to get to know eachother this past year of highschool. We've never been best friends or anything, but I've always been friendly to her, and she to me. It was really cool and exciting to learn that she was going to the same college as I was, and was even in my first year group, and taking my major. I've always been shy, and on the outside of social groups, so it was really nice to start to connect with new people. Everything was going great. I really loved spending time with her and my new group of friends.

It ended when we stayed in one weekend with our friends to have a party. I ended up drinking like everybody else, and we were having a great time. SO far that had been my 3rd party, so I was relatively in-experienced with alcohol and where my limit was. We ended up drinking alot, and she went to go lay down because she wasn't feeling the best. I went in with her to make sure she was going to be okay, and to watch over her. I guess now would be a good time to mention that she is a lesbian, and was in a complex relationship with her girlfirend. Long story shot, I, and many others, thought she was single again. Either way, I knew she was a lesbian, and didn't have any sexual thoughts for her. She was my friend, one I dearly cared about, and my only intention was to make sure she was okay. At that point, she was laying down, and we were talking. I was sitting on the bed, and she way face down. After this point, it gets a little hazy because I drank alot that night, but I remember the lights turning off, and I layed down with her and started rubbing her back. I don't know why I did this, but in the next few minutes I touched her in places I shouldn't have while she was sleeping. I did this for a few minutes. It surprised me when she reciprocated and started touching me back, but at that time i couldn't make sense of it all. A little while later, she got up and rejoined the party. The rest of the night was fine. The next day we both remembered, and initially she wanted to just forget everything and move on. It got worse when she told her girlfriend about it, and they broke up. She then blamed me for ruining her relationship, and said she never wanted to speak to me again. 

I don't know what to do. She says that the only reason she touched me back was to try to get me to stop, instead of pushing me away. I cannot express how much this is crushing me. I always prided myself for having strong morals, for respecting women, and for doing what was right. I grew up as the "good kid" who never did anything wrong. I sat through sexual assault and rape seminars thinking, " this will never apply to me" "how could someone do this?" 

I don't know how to forgive myself. I feel like I'm being dragged into a ever deepening pit of depression. I assaulted my friend (whom I still kind of have romantic feelings for) and now she never wants to talk to me or see me again. I lost my only friends 2 weeks into college. I've always been a lonely and depressed person, but this is so much worse. I don't know how I can live with myself. It's been a few days since this happened, and it's getting harder to get out of bed every morning, and to do homework every night. I feel like I have destroyed her life, which kills me. 

I've contemplated suicide before now, but never acted on it. The pressure to do so now is greater than ever before