I don’t belong here and I’m pretty confident that it’s my time to go.This is certainly going to be a LONG post and I already know it won’t get seen by many which is ok. I know I’ll sound pathetic at times too. I just want to share why Ive decided to end it. I’m using this more as a place to get my thoughts out for when I write a better letter for my mom. As much as I wish I could just end it I feel like there should be some sort of explanation as to why I did it.  I apologize if it is hard to read or gets unorganized. I also want it to be known that I’m not angry at anyone or anything and it is nobody’s fault. I’m just tired of being alone all of the time. 

Currently I’m an 18 year old male freshman in college. My life has only gotten darker over the past few years. I’ve never been someone who has had a bunch of friends. I’ve had some friends come and go throughout my years at school. I participated in sports from K-11th grade. I don’t think I’ve ever done anything to where anyone hated me but I’ve never had many friends. I was the one who sat alone at lunch and struggled to find people for group projects. I just never fit in with any group. It probably didn’t help that I’m more introverted. I struggle to have the confidence  to just go up and talk to people without feeling like I’m a burden or interrupting. It also doesn’t help that I’m super slow to open up to new people. That’s why people who know me well will describe me differently from people who just met me. However if someone approached me I was always thrilled and gave them my attention. I’m someone who is a good listener and am better 1 on 1 with people or smaller groups. I like being around people but I just can’t seem to connect with people my age. I’ve always struggled to make friends for some reason and it hurts. It doesn’t help that I have self esteem and confidence issues. I never was invited to go do things with people and I never attended events at school because I didn’t have friends. I think part of it could’ve been because I was more quiet and I don’t drink or smoke. I always thought it would get better. From middle school to high school and then from high school to college. I realize now that it’ll never get better. I’ve just never belonged to a group or a friend. I just don’t understand though because it’s so weird. I’m great with people older than me by about 5 or more years so 23 and up or people younger than me. My neighbors in their 40s were cool to be around, I have friends with parents in their 50s and I do well with them. I get along well with seniors 65 and up well. Pretty much all age groups aside from my own. Maybe it’s because they can see me for me and they aren’t worried about a popularity contest? They don’t automatically know I’m a loser and loner at school? I just don’t get why this is the case for me. Same thing for gaming. I play some games online and I’ve made some friends through online gaming and it’s great because they get to know me for me. I don’t understand why I am better at making friends outside my age group and online compared to my own age group.

I’ve never had a girlfriend. I’ve tried working out, I’ve done well in school, I’ve always maintained good hygiene regardless of how depressed I am, I’ve worked a full time job in the summers, I feel like I’m a nice person to everyone but it’s never been enough. I’m not trying to be the self proclaimed nice guy here, but my mom has consistently had other parents and teachers tell her how respectful and kind I am throughout school. I try to be helpful to others if they seem like they are struggling. For example, if we had to partner up or group up in classes, I’d look to see if there were other people struggling to find people because I know what it feels like. Just stuff like that. Sure I certainly have down moments that might now reflect so good on my character. I’m just saying I feel like I try my best to be a thoughtful, caring, honest, decent person. Sorry for the tangent. Anyways like I said I’ve never had a girlfriend. I am just so ugly I don’t even try to make a move anymore. I’m just a skinny, glasses wearing, guy with a soft voice who is unattractive. I get it. I’ve come to terms with no matter how hard I try I can’t change that and I’d be single as long as I continue living. I’ll never forget the time a girl called me ugly to my face and laughed. It’s that kind of stuff that can cripple any self confidence that somebody had left. Obviously nobody is obligated to be attracted to me or be in a relationship with me. It just hurts seeing people in relationships knowing they have someone. I’m tired of going through life alone. I wish I had someone to share experiences with and to do things with. Someone to hold. I am so touch and socially deprived honestly now. At college I have no friends on my campus. Some days I hardly talk to anyone like literally. I’m sure there’s days where I don’t utter a word. My mom has never been a big hugger so I don’t get much physical affection. At this point I hug a pillow to sleep because it somewhat simulated being close to a person. I used to be able to pet and hug my pets at home but now I’ve been at campus for months and haven’t seen them.

I just don’t feel like I have a purpose. I study and work most days and when I’m done I never have anything to look forward to. No girlfriend or friends to look forward to hanging out with, no pets to be around. It all feels pointless. I don’t care enough about myself anymore to do it for me. I don’t know how I’m getting the grades I am my first year. I feel like I’m hardly giving as much effort. I won’t be able to maintain As for much longer if I don’t find a way to motivate myself. It happened in high school. I got worse over time because I stopped giving max effort. I got off to a great start in college because I was finally excited because I thought it would be a fresh start but I was wrong, I’m still a loner.

I don’t think anybody truly cares about me. I already shared that I have no friends or girlfriend. I don’t see extended family very often. My mom is good but I think she’d get over it. I’ve tried surviving for my pets, love of music, sports and games. My pets are probably the number one thing that have kept me going but I don’t seem them anymore and they’d also probably be fine without me. I’ve always loved waiting for my favorite artists to release new music. I listen to a variety of music and it is something that is normally able to help me escape my bad thoughts. I’ve always thought that I wouldn’t get to hear what they release next if I kill myself but my thoughts and feeling outweighs that mindset now. Nothing really makes me happy anymore. I don’t have much to look forward to as I said earlier. My main point is that my passing wouldn’t affect anyone too bad and I say that confidently.

As of right now I don’t have the courage to do it. I still don’t know how I’ll do it. I’ve recently come to this decision even though I’ve considered it before. I don’t know how long it’ll take me to do it. I’m hoping in the next couple of months I’ll be able to do it. As I’ve said I only get lonelier and any hope I had before is pretty much gone. 

I would just like to leave everyone with one thing. I know this might be difficult because most people who read this are either struggling or trying to help others, but try to have some kindness and empathy towards others. If you notice someone by themselves or struggling to be a part of a group try to be nice to them or invite them. You don’t know how much you could change somebody. I mean that for real. It would’ve meant and still would mean everything to me if someone just invited me to be a part of an activity or sit next to them or just talk. Sure some might be odd and you don’t have to hang out with them again if you don’t want but just try to give people a shot. Some people just might be shy or be nervous to approach new people especially if they are already in a group. Again you could change someone and make them feel happiness. You could give them something to look forward to. If not then I just advise you to please be careful to what you say to certain people. Some people are going through tough times and are struggling mentally. Just try to be kind.

One more thing. What happens to my belongings and money afterwards? Is there a way I can make sure a specific person gets those? Can I make a will to a random person I haven’t seen in a while?