Girlfriend in extreme dangerHello r/suicidewatch,

I've dated my girlfriend for almost a year. I love her dearly and would like to marry her one day. I'm 25 and she's 21. Three years ago, she was violently, brutally raped by her boyfriend at the time. She's suffered PTSD ever since. Nightmares, flashbacks, everything. About six months ago,  after a suicide attempt by her, I convinced her to start seeing a psychologist. The psychologist is a wonderful lady who started practicing EMDR on her, which is a form of therapy not entirely understood by the medical community, but has had a very good success rate among PTSD patients.

She's been going to therapy sessions approximately every week since then. Sometimes, things are good and she seems hopeful to get better. Other times, things aren't so good and she doesn't. She just got back from a week-long camping trip with old friends from her high school, and she seems to be set on killing herself. Not because she thinks she's useless or anything, but because of all the pain. She has a date set for when she's going to do it. But she won't tell me when. We spent all morning crying in bed. She said she's felt recently like going to therapy has just been like "going through the motions" and she hasn't been being truthful wither her therapist. 

We went to a psychiatrist once, maybe nine months ago, and she was prescribed Celexa by this awful, disinterested doctor. She took it for a few months, but it made her feel even worse and she stopped taking it. I'm trying to convince her to go to another psychiatrist and try that route again, but she's dead set against it. She gives off the impression that she will kill herself this week and there's nothing I can do about it. I don't know what to do. I want to go with her to her therapist and explain everything to her that my girlfriend won't explain, but my girlfriend isn't into the idea. I feel like I'm going to come home from work sometime this week and find her dead. I don't know what I'll do if that happens. Thank you for reading. Please offer any suggestions if you can.