Either this is the trough, or this one is gonna be bad...I've done this before, from both sides now. Temporary problem, permanent solution, etc. That shit loses its profoundness the hundredth time or so.

I'm 23, male, ex-Army Ranger, married, divorced, alone, possibly an alcoholic. Diagnosed with depression, PTSD, and moderate social anxiety. Not on meds, haven't seen my therapist for a couple weeks. Live with roommates but don't want to bother them again, it's not their job to take care of me.

I can usually beat these things with a funny movie, a walk through the park, and some food and sleep. I've eaten well, I can't watch film, I've hiked up Mt. Charleston and now I'm just lying in bed wondering if this is what I've got to look forward to: fifty, maybe sixty years of wanting to drink to wash away the pain? There's not even something concrete there to hurt me, it's just hard to wake up and live.

I got smashed drunk a couple nights ago. Started out okay, but quickly ended up crying, mostly naked outside my roommate's door begging for help. She sat up with me while I puked and cried. My other roommate, her husband, woke up to the noise I was making, and told me we needed to talk the next morning and I've been avoiding him since. I don't want to "talk". He's just going to lecture me, tell me to grow up, and I either have to nod, pretend to listen, or get into an argument with him about the line between concerned friend, and berating father. He deserves an apology, but God if I can't take another sermon on how I just have to make good decisions.

I started drinking that night because I'd just been on a date with a girl I'm falling way too hard for. She's smarter than me, which is fantastic. She's beautiful. She likes me. I got us concert tickets, we had dinner, and then I asked her if she wanted a drink at the concert, ordered and found out I had never bought beverages at a concert before. Like I'd budgeted terribly and had no money left. The drinks are poured, she's standing right there waiting and I just sort of look at her and mumble, "Do you mind buying yours? I'm all out of money now."

It had been a fine date, we'd had lots of fun; I'd been awkward and goofy, but she just smiled and teased me about it. It was okay. But standing there, realizing I'd just solidly buggered up a simple scenario, I kinda wondered, "Is this a model for your future? Do you just keep rolling along, relying on the grace and patience of other people until you screw up big enough that people can't forgive you anymore?"

So she handles it with poise (I'm telling you, she's way cool) and we finish off the night. I drop her off and go home, pop open a beer to relax, because I'm still stressed about the date, etc. And one turns into two, and then it's on to whiskey, because if beer is good, then liquor is better. And then I'm sick and sad, and I'm in a dark place, hating myself and begging for help. And they give it to me. Because they're good people. And the ungrateful ass that I am, I don't want to listen to them tell me what they think I should do. I know I should stop drinking. I've done that. I know it's unacceptable to wake them up in the middle of the night, and I'm sorry. I'm already ashamed of myself, why do I have to let them kick me some more?

But what kind of coward can't own his mistakes? What right do I have to complain? Damned if I do, damned if I don't.

So now I'm here looking at all my accumulated crap. And it's not that impressive really. I'm still wearing clothes I owned in high school, a couple additions, but mostly the same shit. I've got a bookcase of fiction that's dragged me away from the real world and all my problems here. But I can't even escape into stories, because the love interest shows up in the first act and I want to burn the damn book, smash the TV screen, yell, scream and generally vent at the world, because in reality the love interest isn't a real thing. The story goes on a long time after, and the passion wanes, and they split, and new love interests show up, but now there's baggage and bullshit. And who wants to be with the poor bastard writing his sad pathetic problems to Reddit anyway?

And is that what life is? Five more decades of telling myself it'll get better if I can just get a better job, or if I see Europe by foot, or whatever arbitrary hurdle comes next? Promising myself that the next achievement will make everything worth it? It never has been. And I don't believe it ever will be. Just another ending and another hurdle in the distance. Fuck it. I'm out. You all go on building your great society, or tearing it down, or whatever makes you tick. I'm done.