I'm leavingMy 18 year old son threatened to kill me while holding a knife on Jan 25. He first tried to take my asthma puffers and then my heart medications so that I would die without them. I called 911 for help and because of that he is up on charges of assault, assault with a weapon and uttering threats to cause bodily harm. My son, myself and my husband all live with my mother because we are basically poor as dirt. 

When my son was released from the overnight lockup he called my mom to let her know about all the trouble that I got him in. My mother then wanted to know if I thought what I did was funny and why I was punishing everyone. My son goes to court on Feb. 5th and if the charges aren't dropped my mother is kicking me and my husband out to let my son come back home. 

I've been treated like a piece of shit my whole life. I lived through my father being an alcoholic during my early years. Then went through my parents divorcing. I was constantly ridiculed at school for being over weight. My cousin sexually abused me when I was 9 until 14. My parents remarried when I was 18 and I was kicked out because my mother suspected him of cheating and asked my boyfriend to see if his car was at his ex wife's house one day and yes, my dad was cheating. Of course I was just a liar and my mother betrayed me saying she never asked my bf to do anything. I got pregnant and married that boyfriend and he abused me verbally, psychologically, physically and financially. I had no choice but to divorce him and take my son and move back in with my parents. Then my father decided it was his turn to abuse me. Nothing I did was good enough for him. I would wake up hearing him through the baby monitor yelling about what a piece of shit I was and how I was treated better than him by my mom (haha yeah right). During this time my mom became addicted to her prescribed oxycontin and I had to take care of her because my dad had enough of her bullshit. Then she caught him cheating, kicked him out, got clean and turned all her anger on me. That covers my life up until the age of 25. I'm 38 now and there's so much more I could divulge but I just don't care any more. 
I've written my will and gave it to my husband. If we're kicked out by my mother to accommodate my violent son on Feb. 5, I am leaving this hell hole of a planet and the trash that is my family. I feel bad for my husband and my dog but there's only so fucking much a person can go through until they realize that their whole life has been pushing them towards suicide and wondering why the fuck hasn't she done it yet??? I just want it to be over quick and for it to be painless. I have no access to a gun but that would be my preferred way to do it. I will end this hell with a noose. At least my mom will be proud of me for actually doing something right in this life.