Chronic illness is making it even worseI (14f) am exhausted. I have a ridiculous amount of medical problems going on with me and I'm in so much pain. I can't walk without a wheelchair, can't eat without a tube in my nose, can't do anything on my own and I'm so angry about it. I try to be happy and cheery around other people, but it's not possible to just turn invisible so they don't have to see me taking my vitals every hour our using meds when it's time for me to take them. I can't just take my disability away. But any friends I have end up leaving because I'm "making them uncomfortable" or they "don't want to hear about my disability all the time." It's to the point where I force myself to stumble around without my wheelchair or even eat food by mouth in front of them, just so they don't leave. But it isn't working, because I have no friends. Furthermore, my sister (who does not have any disabilities) thinks I am faking my illnesses, and goes to extreme lengths to "prove I'm an attention-seeker." It really hurts to have a member of my family assume such awful things about me, especially under the circumstance that recently, she's been using her ADHD as an excuse not to go to her online classes and to be straight up nasty to me, as my parents say that she "can't help but be mean, because it is only her ADHD and she can't control her insults." (And then I'm over here getting yelled at when I disagree with anyone, because "I'm not like that.") On top of the already-long list of problems, I'm smart. And that seems like a good thing, but let me put it into perspective: The average person's IQ is around 100, and around 125 is considered "Superior." Well, according to multiple GATE in-person and timed/electronic studies, my IQ is at 149. And although academically that may be awesome, emotionally, I am a train wreck. Because I'm a lot more mature than the majority of my peers, I am often looked upon as "the problem solver" and am expected to fix everybody's problems. Because my friends and classmates are, as I said, immature, they don't realize that I have my own concerns and responsibilities to take care of as well. I'm also seen as "no fun" or "goody-two-shoes" because I don't partake in silly things like joking about sex, or obsessing over pop stars. I just don't find it worth my time. However, all this has meant that I'm really quite bad at making friends, not exactly because I'm awkward but more because the only people who understand me and aren't bored by me are adults in their 20s or 40s. Heck, I make better friends with seniors in nursing homes than I do with kids my age. Shit's hard!! I just cannot live like this anymore. Considering I'm a pretty genuine, likable person and it's other people who are making the decisions affecting my life (friends, voters/the president, anti-maskers, homophobes, etc,) there's really nothing I can do to improve it, which makes matters inevitably worse. I don't see myself making any sort of progress with my physical health (for which there is no cure or treatment) or quality of life, and considering that the days where I'm not bedridden with pain are spent in the hospital, I've decided to end my life this week. Since I live near a highway, I'm weighing the option of getting run over, that or hanging myself. I could also jump off my local bridge, but I'm not sure it has as high a success rate as the other methods. I guess if anyone has suggestions of better, more likely to succeed ways to kill myself, I'd appreciate if they commented on this post with a detailed description of how to carry them out. Before I go, if you are a friend, classmate, teacher, relative, or family member who is reading this: I'm not sorry. It's better this way, just trust me. Continue your lives as normal, or maybe continue and try to better understand the people in your life, no matter their physical ability, race, gender identity, sexual orientation, ethnicity, financial status, or any predisposed situations. Peace. Bye.