I wish there were hope left.I apologize this post may be long.

I just turned 23. I suffer from, post traumatic stress disorder, dissociative identity disorder, major depressive disorder, severe anxiety, severe nightmares, night terrors, and sever depression. They run my life. They are causes to why I have had a damn near impossible time making friends, interacting with others and had a mind that has been ripping itself apart. I have been suicidal since I was 7 years old. I have dealt with it on my mind, in my heart, in my dreams, anywhere. I have had no peace from it. It is all from myself. Ripping and taring myself apart and I cannot control it. No matter what I do I am falling apart. I have always been worse alone. The past few months I have been loosing touch with reality. It could be from the loneliness, the night mares and how real there are to the damage of everything finally getting to me. 

Suicide is on my mind and has been for over 16 years now. Most of the time it has never really been a threat. Just that pestering issue in the back of the mind. But now I cannot shut it off. It is in the front of the mind. I feel no reason to live. No reason to move forth. My health and my disabilities will keep me from ever working full time. My family has always shown me what a burden I am, my physical health is deteriorating and I am always in such deep and emotional pain. Then I am alone. A friend helps but it puts so much stress on them and they never stay. And it cuts deep because I am what I am. I cannot control that. I cannot be the friend they need/want. Only myself. And all the pain I go through gets to them. The closer someone gets the more they see and feel. And the more they want to leave. In my entire life I have only ever had 4 people I could call friend. Lately I lost the one that meant the most to me. I saw how much I hurt my friend. And I could not stop it. I drove away the one good thing I had in my life and I have no idea to apologize for that. I have no idea how to say what I need to say. I am back to being alone. 

I can go on and on about why I cannot take my life, all the disorders, all the health issues, being so alone, being the thing taring myself apart, having no hope, unable to change a thing, nightmares. Literally everything is a never ending torment. On the outside most people never know or see. Only the people I get close to see that. What people see on the outside is something different and they want to hurt it. Even as an adult I get bullied for what I am. I am sick and tired of hearing things will get better. I have tried to make things better, waited for things to get better, done anything and everything. They only get worse and they ware me down. I have been on most medication. They do not help me and I literally get every side effect to them. I have tried therapists. Some just want your money, are stupid but want to help, do not know how to help. in my life I have been asked by therapists, "why have you not killed yourself" "How have you not done drugs". And I have been to the top professionals in my area. I have been fighting this all my life. Covered all my bases. What I need is a miracle but those things do not exist. I have been doing this alone most of my life. The more and more I tried the less hope I had. Things I have fought for are, to be normal, self sufficient, friends, love. I have failed all 4. I can never be normal as I am not so what society is so how will I ever blend it or make friends. I cannot be self sufficient from my health and disorders because there is no beating them only coping which I cannot do anymore. I cannot ever make friends because I honestly have no idea how to and the few I have ever been lucky enough to make leave eventually. And love will never happen. Love was the thing I wanted most. because i have never had it or felt it. not even from family. but to have love you have to have a friend. and once past friend you have to get close. Well if someone gets close they feel the pain. Who wants to love and care for someone who is broken with little to nothing to offer.

I have been warn down to the point there literally is nothing left. You can name about anything and I have been through it or known someone who has. And the way my mind works is I see my memories all day long. I see my entire life every day. And I have others memories. I remember all the things people have told me and built memories of them. So every day I relive the people I have lost. some to health, some to suicide, some to abandonment. My mind tortures itself by showing me all of this and I cannot shut it off. It takes about all the energy I have to barely function and most days I cannot even do that right. I fight the urge not to breakdown and just cry every day. I just do not have the energy to keep pretending things are okay. the energy to put things back together. I just cannot. 

I have tried all the possibilities of help I could think of, from medicine, therapists, institute, friends, meditation, writing, people with some issues like myself, you name it I have tried it. None of it helps or even works anymore. I feel like I have a broken mind and broken heart. They cannot be fixed. I have the hardest time describing what I go through and 99% of people who say they understand know nothing of the sort. because they do not know what it is like to be tortured every day of your life. You cannot shut it off and it invades my dreams. 

A long time ago I saw this all as an issue and fought so hard for help. but I found no help. I knew it was going to be a struggle and I had to beat it. My mentality was about beating it. but you can only cope with it. How can you cope with something like this tho? Nightmares, a day full of flashbacks, terrible memories, all the people you have lost, a body always in physical pain because of neurological issues, severe food allergies to everything, a mind breaking itself, non stop headaches and just so much more. How can you be okay with living with that the rest of your life alone? 

I want nothing more then to end things. But I do not have the will. I cannot ever bring myself to do it. but at this point it is all I have left and I fear I will run out soon. (my mind works on auto pilot when debating something) I fear that in the end of the debate the answer with just be to give up. I know I cannot survive the way I am. But I do not know how to change anything. I cannot endure this life anymore. I have no hope left. I dont want to be so alone. I just want to be free. 

I do not know anymore...

I apologize for the length. I just do not know what to do anymore. I know I probably did not make much sense. Most of the time I am in my own world and I am not the best at interpreting it. 