I just need people to talk to...I am an 18 year old female and I am just finishing up my first year of community college. I started feeling depressed after my long term boyfriend broke up with me last August. I guess it has just gone downhill from there. I became very antisocial in college and besides a few people that I talk to in my science class I haven't really made any friends all year. I have pretty much lost all of my old friends because I stopped keeping in touch with all of the ones that went away for college. 

The only person that I currently have to talk to is my current boyfriend. He has definitely helped me out a lot through this year and I definitely wouldn't keep trudging on like this without him. He is the only reason that I am still alive. I love him so much, but recently my depression has become to take over and I hate it. He has been my best friend for almost three years now. He knows me better than myself and I tell him everything. He even knows about how depressed I am and I have told him several times at the lowest moments that I have thought about ending my life. I guess that's why I came here. I can't keep hurting him like this so I need someone else to talk to. Seeing as I don't really have any other close friends to talk to and I'm not exactly close to my parents, I have come here.

Basically my life has started to feel pretty pointless. I just feel down and sad all of the time. Most people around me wouldn't know that I am depressed because I hide it extremely well. My boyfriend is the only one that knows. I recently got a job at a movie theater which has helped me feel a bit more comfortable talking to strangers, but I still have been having trouble making friends at school. My first college experience was horrible to say the least. I have to endure hearing about all the cool things and all of the new friends my old friends have and I have nothing to contribute. I did join a few clubs and was in a musical, so I did try to participate, but for some reason I am still feeling depressed. 

On top of feeling depressed I probably have the worst self esteem on the planet. I hate the way I look and I refuse to look at myself in the mirror. I have developed an eating disorder several times throughout the year, but then I'll give up and eat a whole bunch and just feel even more horrible about myself. I don't think I'm talented at all at anything. I've pretty much given up on guitar and singing because I don't think I'm good at it at all. That was pretty much the last hobby that I was really passionate about. My boyfriend is the only good thing left in my life and all I do is try to push him away because I think I'm not good enough for him. It's putting such a strain on our relationship, but I just can't control it. 

Honestly I don't know why I am depressed, but more and more I have turned to thinking about suicide. More often than not I fall asleep thinking that I just don't want to wake up in the morning. I cry myself to sleep almost every night. I don't really see a future for myself. I often find myself thinking that I just don't want to bother with living anymore.