My own personal bell jar15/f/usa

I really just have no motivation to live anymore.

I'm 15, a freshman in high school at one of the best in the state. I'm an Honors/AP student. In a couple of extracurriculars. Interested in politics, history, and literature. Kind of want to go to law school. Generally bright future.

But I just have no motivation to do any of it. I don't want to go to college. I don't want to do any of that. I just have no will to do it. It's like, yeah, it'd be nice, but I don't feel like doing it. If that makes sense? I'd be perfectly content if I died tomorrow.

It's not that I want to kill myself, it's that suicide is the only way I can see this ending.

And I hate myself. A lot. I have some friends at school, enough to keep me occupied, but i have no interest in hanging out with them elsewhere. I can't hold a conversation with anyone. I have this horrible weird disgusting superiority complex that's been drilled into my brain. It's like I use this condescension to cover the fact that I actually have no idea what I'm doing. I have emotional lashouts at random people and I am such a bitch and I hate myself so very much. I'm so fake and shallow.

And I feel like I hate everything. I just latch onto that word and nothing interests me. All I do is lay on my floor and cry and do schoolwork. And I'm weirdly content with it.

I don't like living with my parents. My mom is either really supportive or makes me feel worthless. My dad, I really like, but I feel like we missed the mark father/daughter wise. I'm lucky. I've gone to private school my whole life and they've sacrified so much. So I don't know why I feel this way.

I'm gay. I know this and I've known this. I like girls. But my family is rigidly Catholic and has a history of homophobia. And it feels SELFISH to be gay, to like anyone, because why the hell would anyone like me?

**It's like there's three sides to me.**

There's the one that I think I am. In my head, I'm this intelligent, wickedly funny student with a bright future. In my head, I'm likable and kind and great and relatable. In my head, I'm the nice girl, the one you can rely on. Someone with a lot of interests and is just a great human being.

There's the person I find myself being. Shallow, mean. Gossiping. Lashing out at anyone when they try to be emotionally intimate. Domineers social situations by briging down GOOD, KIND people around me. Probably has a reputation for being a bitch.

And then there's the person that's typing this. Locks the door and cries on my bathroom floor. Hates social interaction because I feel inadequate. Crushing realist. Wants so badly to be the person I've built up in my head. Constantly just falling a little bit behind. Thinks about killing and hurting myself. Can't see my life ending any other way than suicide simply because I don't want to go on.

This post is a mess. I don't know what I'm doing. But I really fucked myself up. And I don't want to keep living like this.