Well Past My Expiration Date!Short story long: when I was 12 or so my family, hitherto stunningly normal, experienced a series of cataclysms: I was seriously injured in a bicycle accident, my older sister ran off with her boyfriend, returned one night to throw rocks at the front door, then vanished again, decisively; my dad, a blue collar aristocrat, was thrown out of work by what would become one of organized labor's longest strikes, &amp; my mother's heath started a precipitous decline that would lead to her death in less than three years hence.

I helped out the best way I could, by making everyone as miserable as possible, getting arrested, stealing, acting out in every conceivable way. Finally, when I was 14 or 15 I experienced a moment of reason, downed a bottle of Port &amp; took a bottle of tranquilizers. As I lay there sinking I was a bit apprehensive, sure, death is a great unknown, but the overall feeling was of relief--of being safe if that makes any sense. Nor more crap either to or from.

Of course all it got me was 90 days inpatient psych:(

Fast forward forty years. I met a woman whom I sensed right away would be my soul mate &amp; life-long partner. &amp; so it was. We've been married 32 years now. Have a son who just turned 22 (&amp; who appears to have found his soul-mate as well:-).

About two years ago, I upgraded my group life insurance as much as possible, added extra policies, etc., with nothing more in mind than to provide a bit more security to my family. I am in my fifties, after all. 

Six months or so later I started obsessing on staging a faint onto the subway tracks (here in NYC), how could anyone prove it was anything but an accident? I have a great relationship with my son, but he doesn't need me in his life anymore. I believe he'll be fine. With insurance he could finish college. My wife was diagnosed with inflammatory arthritis ten years ago. She works at a job that pays really well &amp; has great benefits, but she hates it. We love each other a lot, but I thought between my life insurance &amp; her disability benefits she could retire within a year or two if I died. (&amp; there's no way I alone could earn enough to let her retire &amp; continue to receive medical care). 

It would be hard as hell on her if I died, but I thought the long-term benefits would outweigh the short-term negatives.

Of course I agree that one ought not inflict his suicide upon others. That's one reason I didn't carry through. I can't imagine killing myself in public by any means.

Today, I have lost the job that gave me all that life insurance--I still have some, but nowhere near enough for her to retire on. Now I work as a commercial photographer, which doesn't pay much, but it's work I really love &amp; have come back again &amp; again over the years. My wife (who actually might be bipolar type ii) has been feeling pretty good lately, &amp; my son plans to move in with his fiancee within the month.

&amp; me ... I just don't want to be alive anymore. No one who knew me back in the day would ever guess I'd live past 25. &amp; I certainly never planned or expected to live past 50. I've been very lucky in life, had more good things than I deserve happen, but there's nothing that I look forward to. There are things I can do, but nothing I want to. I find it very difficult to contemplate living another year, much less ten or twenty.

I'm not aware of being depressed--though I haven't been sleeping much lately. I'm not looking for meaning or a reason to live--never had either, don't need 'em now. Been on meds at several times in the past--when I was a kid I was on variously stelazine, mellaril, thorazine, elavil, ritalin to name a few. Why? I'll never know. My mother took that info with her to the grave, &amp; my dad's the sort who'll tell you in perfect honesty that he's going into the hospital for surgery, but doesn't know what or why, just that the doctor told him to.

Not a fan of the meds...

Both my wife &amp; I were hospitalized at different times in the 80s, before our son was born, for major depression &amp; suicidal ideation. After his birth we did stabilize a bit. But that was two decades past.

I don't know. Maybe it's just being older than I ever expected. The years have outrun desire.  I might consider counseling, but I honestly have no idea what to ask for--make me right again...!? Ridiculous.

I constantly associate contemporary experiences with similar ones from the past, &amp; those are always negative in some way. Always painful &amp; regrettable. Basic conclusion is that I don't deserve to be alive. Never did, really, but at least when my son was a baby I could say maybe it's true I shouldn't be alive, but my kid needs me so that's that. I just don't want to think about all of the crap I pulled over the years, the stupid nonsensical things I did; tired of hating myself, but there's only one way to turn that off.

I did have a brief moment of clarity during which I realized that killing myself would really, really fuck up the remainder of my wife's life, &amp; in a very not good way. So maybe that's not an option.

Sorry about the length &amp; ramble. I'd been reading some of the other articles &amp; thought my take on things might be a little different from others'. 