I can't help but feel worthless.I'm a 26 year old male living with his mom for financial reasons. She verbally and emotionally abused me all my life, saying I ruined her life and that she wished she aborted me, that I was useless and fucked up and barely a human being (due to my introversion and lack of affection for her). She was a drunk and let her boyfriends threaten to kill me when I defended her from them and would ask me to forgive them and give them another chance. I never felt like she actually wanted a child. I've never felt loved by her and I feel like I'm incapable of forgiving or loving her at this point. 

That being said, in recent years she's acknowledged her abuse and realized her part in my development of clinical depression. She's still very harsh towards me sometimes and always assumes the worst of me but it's nothing like it used to be. I can also stand up for myself a bit better and often prove how irrational she's being. 

Earlier today, I overheard her talking to her friends about how useless I am. It felt like in an instant I reverted back to my childhood and I felt sick. It's like all her development is fake. It upset me but I didn't think truly bothered me until I just found myself thinking "I wish I was worth something." I keep looking up suicide methods which I haven't done in years. I've attempted before so it scares me a bit that this isn't beyond my ability  

The thing is, I objectively know I'm not really worthless. I have a college education, am a good writer, have a beautiful girlfriend that I love and amazing friends who value me. I'm capable of learning. The only issue right now is I have no idea what I'm doing with my life career wise. I don't have a job. I'm lost and I feel like I might not even be capable of a normal job because of severe social anxiety. 

The urge to just end it is growing stronger. I don't know how to convince myself that I don't deserve this. I don't know how to tell myself that my mom's words mean nothing and are bullshit. She's shaped me in so many ways, all of them negative, and I feel trapped. I feel like the only way to escape her is dying.

I just need to find a way to convince myself otherwise. 