Not sure what to title this.I've been suicidal for a couple years now, tried to kill myself a few times and opted out from it.

My 19th birthday was a couple days ago, fuck all people gave a shit, literally no one came, I spent it all alone, I won $25 today though so that's something.

Although I haven't done it in the past, I think it's time to, I've been abused most of my life, bullied and I'm traumatized from the bullying. Even though I'm doing my second qualification in IT I just feel so worthless that I want to give up, cause even my dad won't support me with that, he thinks it's a waste of time, and thinks I'm a retard for doing it.

Everyone under estimates me, I get treated like I'm some kind of idiot all because I have a communication disorder and deafness.

When will people learn, if I ask you to repeat something, It doesn't make me a fucking retard.

I'm underweight, been eating tons lately as I'm depressed, I have shaking issues, and I'm confused about my gender.

People insult me on the bus, come up to me and try to intimate even though there high school dropouts working at a shitty fast food joint fucking every chick they can come across.

I see other terrible people getting treated better all because they have better social skills, even though the person abused the hell out of me, caused my anxiety and social issues. 

Another person kept making out I was a pedophile because I was gay, kept going around telling people I was a pedophile, ruined my reputation, all because of these two pricks I have no friends.

Since no one bothers to listen or question it, people took it like it was some kind of truth, both people ruined my friendships and ruined my life.

I've been given death threats just for slapping him, people don't bother to listen to my side of the story, I did get revenge on him though, and it felt so fucking good. Long story short, he doesn't go to high school anymore, and is afraid, he doesn't know who did it either, but that's what they get for hurting me so much to the point it's almost left me to kill myself.

I myself feel bad for the revenge, but he is the type of person who never learns, I only did it for my protection and to keep him from bullying me and ruining my life. I don't need everyone believing in false rumors because of him.

I'm out of high school this was years ago, I feel very lonely and isolated, have no friends, all my "true" friends vanished and don't give two shits about me, I can't do anything with my dad insulting me all because of stupid shit no one even cares about he has bipolar so I take what he says with a grain of salt hoping he doesn't mean any of it.

I get drunk rarely, but it's the only time I felt good. deep down I just want to cry and jump in front of a train, I feel like a failure, I've lost all my friends and I'm just lonely as fuck.

I've always been back stabbed, abused, betrayed and let down, people only ever use me or talk to me as there last resort, and I feel like I'm never going to accomplish anything and end up on the street.

No one even wants to hire me, druggies I know always get the job insted, seems like the world is "perfect" for curel people"
 
I feel like there is more I could add, but I feel too down to add anything else.