I am burnt out.I haven't been happy since I was 8 or 9.

The last time I felt happiness was when I met a girl a little over 2 years ago. I wanted to marry her from the start and I was sure she was my soulmate.

I dated her for those 2+ years. The first year she was my entire life. I did everything for her and wanted to see her happy. We had an amazing relationship, one I'll probably never have again.

After that year we moved in together. She smothered me with kisses and wanting to be held. It pushed me away and I became distant and couldn't wait to be away from her. I destroyed her and I saw it in her eyes.

I broke up with her only realizing what a mistake I made. I cried for weeks asking for her back. She took me back.

She had lost her trust in me and it felt like starting all over again. We had an amazing few months. I enjoyed her presence, I enjoyed doing things with her, I enjoyed spending time and looking after my partner. But the sex was missing since she lost her trust in me. It became frustrating because it's such an intimate thing to me.

She was a very emotional girl. I saw her cry at least 50 times over the span of 2 years. Some weeks she cried every day and spending 1-2 hours out of my day to comfort and hold her took a huge toll on me. I couldn't change this girl to be happy. I wanted to see her only smile. Seeing I had failed my duty I broke up with her to stop hurting her for the last time. I didn't want to be responsible for her pain anymore, and I hope the next guy who comes along doesn't break her heart anymore or else I will honestly kill him.

I cheated with 4 girls over the span of 1.5 weeks. I wanted to be single for a while so I sought out girls who I knew were the slutty types. Two of them had 1+ year relationships and I wanted to ruin them. I wanted to destroy everyone's relationship I came across so that everyone could feel the pain I go through every minute in my life. I've felt no emotions with any of these girls. Everyone says to find a girl who will blow you and do it lots of times to get over your ex. After each time it only made me feel more empty and hollow. I never think about my actions and I hurt everyone around me. Casually seeing new people only ruined me even more, I don't know why people recommend that to people. Maybe it's only meant for people who haven't been in long-term relationships. That's why I don't plan on seeing anyone else for at least 10 years probably. I need to focus on my education and my hobbies, girls really are a drag. I feel 1000x worse now than I did before I didn't do anything with other girls.

One of the girl's became 10x more needy than my ex. To the point I felt I was so lucky to be with Catherine since this was a whole nother level of psycho. Within the first day every 5 minutes she would say things like "you make me so happy, I just want to make you happy, I'll do anything to make you happy, any kinks you have i'll do anything for you, you're amazing you know that, you're so good to me, i love what we have, are you sure you're ok, you're feeling cold with me why are you being a jerk, please I just want you to want me, why won't you say nice things to me how I say it, etc.". She kept begging me to cum inside of her and I wasn't ready to have sex with anyone. It was scary, I don't want to do things like that with a new girl. This was a girl I knew for only 3-4 days and it freaked me out. I don't know how to get her away from me.

I'm worried that I've put myself in this mess now. She now knows where I live and she is legitimately off the walls insane. Like she is not normal. She has some loose nuts in her head. I legitimately am scared for my life because of her. She texts me 20 times a day. Today I took a nap for 3 hours only to wake up to 4 missed calls and 7 texts repeating the same thing of her insecurities of not liking her. I don't care how pretty girls are or how much they worship me. 

I just want to be single forever. No one can compare to my ex and she would be an idiot to take me back. I respect her too much to date her even more, even if she begged for me back. I hope someone here can relate to that.

I am such a psychologically fucked up person. I only want good intentions and to make her happy but at times this alter ego takes over and makes me do mean things. I still love her and I wish her the best. I guess I learn things the hard way. If anything I don't learn from my mistakes no matter how hard I try.

I can't even cry or be sad. I am so numb. I feel nothing. I want her to be happy. I hope someone can do that for her. I hurt her too much. She was my life and I destroyed it. I feel like I destroyed myself as a result. The only thing that puts me in a fetal position to cry are images of her sobbing asking me why I don't love her. It pains me too much. I hear her voice everywhere and see glimpses of her for half a second. I'm going insane knowing how depressed and lonely this girl is. She depended on me and I screwed her over. I am no man.

Thank you.