I'm on my last legOn May 11th, I found out that a singer from a band I loved for almost a decade died by his own hand. He jumped off the Forth Road Bridge in Scotland; the same bridge he sang about jumping off of about a decade ago in the song 'Floating in the Forth.' His name was Scott Hutchison and he sang and played guitar for the band Frightened Rabbit (and several other bands/projects, look him up if you'd like). This was the triggering event for me to begin spiraling downward into the abyss. I became obsessed with reading about him and watching old interviews. Especially the one from just two months before his suicide.

Happiness is a brief affair and does little to fill the emptiness inside me. I went to group therapy for three weeks. It didn't do much to comfort me, in fact, I learned that instead of being Bipolar, I have Borderline Personality Disorder (or maybe both). I've been reading up on it and realized how truly fucked I am. I had only two days in the last 3 or so months where I didn't want to die. Those two days were before I had my heart broken again.

 I thought I found someone who saw through the darkness eating away at me. Past my ugly face with the pockmarks and acne scars, the frown lines, and my general aura of negativity. I thought they saw something good in me that I couldn't and I held on until I felt emotionally stable enough to tell them how I feel.

It was a mistake.

They told me they loved me like a \[sibling\] and it crushed me. That they didn't want me to ruin our friendship. I thought they looked at me the way I looked at them. That their smiles at me were out of some level of romantic love. That I might be able to find some level of comfort amid the endless torrents of pain.

The medicine isn't working. Therapy isn't helping. I'm angry or sad or depressed all the time. Nothing is fun anymore. I barely sleep and eating is just a chore. Sleeping is just a way to pass the time

I'm being held hostage in my own body and I can't help but wonder what is on the other side. Is it nothing? Or will I see my father again and have to apologize for being the first one to see him there?

There's still a part of me that wants to live but it is slowly being snuffed out. The only thing holding me back is fear of what may be on the other side.