life should be peachy but i think about ending it every dayhi. first time poster and it's about my burning desire to kill myself. light hearted stuff

i'm writing this from my airbnb in prague. i've been travelling through europe with a close friend for a few weeks, and i was in south east asia travelling solo for a month. i'm lucky, i know how lucky i am, but i feel utterly miserable in myself.

why? well - i'm pretty sure i have bed bugs, for starters, and that i've probably given it to my closest friends (who do care for me, if in a roundabout/patronising way). this is something thats been torturing me because i know i will be socially isolated as soon as i tell people. i'm afraid of how much easier it'll be to completely disappear when people are staying away from me and resent me for causing them stress and pain. killing myself would prevent me from having to have that conversation in person and stop me from having to fight tooth and nail to get the landlord to pay for extermination (which he previously did - once, and begrudgingly. fairly certain he paid the exterminator to tell us that we don't have bed bugs, which is the assumption i was operating under until recently)

my friends are dear to me, but they don't see me in the same way that i see them. two of them in particular are the closest and oldest friends, and even though i know i have no leg to stand on because there are people who actually care about me, i don't think i will ever find people like them. they're fantastic, charming, funny people but they look at me like i'm a sad old wounded dove. i feel like i'm constantly scrambling for their attention, laughing at their jokes and quipping back with mine. the subtle digs are there too - they make sure i know where i stand and it does actually really hurt to be put down. i've been bullied my whole life bc there's something ugly and stupid and unlikeable inside of me and i can't spit it out or crush it down no matter how hard i try.

i'm 24 and i haven't even finished one degree. i took this year off study and all i am is further in debt, to friends, family and the state. i'm surrounded by creative people with no real talent myself. one friend wants to hear my music but in truth i have no song writing abilities. i've never even written one and they've been written 3 albums before the age of 22.

i'm a real nobody, just coasting through. i've been suicidal since i was 15 but never had the guts to do it. i've had beautiful, dreamy points in my life, have been incredibly happy and grateful for my surroundings and experiences - but those memories don't even seem worth the pain right now. i'm very tired and just want to switch off the light and sleep forever.