"Why didnt they reach out for help???" THEY DID. you just didnt care enough at that point to help them.Tldr: people who ask why someone who committed suicide didnt reach out for help, usually saw the warning signs, but brushed them off as nothing or even flat out ignored them. 

I am constantly seeing posts and quotes asking why their friend, relative, significant other, etc. Didnt reach out for help before committing suicide. But in many cases, the person actually DOES try to ask for help. 

It can take weeks to get in to a therapist or psychiatrist. Not nearly soon enough to help, if they even do help at all. Emergency rooms and psych wards are so expensive and many of (the psych wards) treat the patients so horribly that a lot of people avoid them, even when they need immediate help. 

People who say you can come to them for help "whenever you need them" are usually not actually there or dont care to listen much. Ive made numerous posts on my Facebook, with family and others i went to school with, worked with, etc., on my friend list, and When i was in a terrible situation, typically, no one responds. Unless i explicitly say that i am thinking seriously of suicide, which i stopped doing years ago, no one cares. 

Last summer i was feeling very lonely and depressed so i asked my Facebook friends if anyone would like to be friends(in real life), and i received no responses except for a rude woman who said i dont have any friends because i dont like children or wish to be friends with mothers. For the record, i am childfree and would much prefer childfree friends. And i am 21, i didnt think that most people my age would already have kids, but they do. 

I made another post saying i was falling into a deep depression again, and it didnt receive any comments or message responses. Alot of the people who are on my Facebook are supposed to be the people who are there for me-at least thats what they said. People post things saying that if youre suicidal, to message them because they'd rather "hear your story than your funeral eulogy", but whenever i have messaged one of them, they either dont respond or never return to my message after saying "ill respond later". They meant that other people could ask for help, not me. I have a very bad reputation in my hometown formed in middle school and early high school (everyone still holds that crap against me) and because of that no one who lives there wants to talk to me, even when im in a crisis.

When i do get responses, they are all from people trying to pull me into their religious cults. 

People do put out signs, sometimes even explicitly asking for help. Others just dont care enough at that point to notice or care. But the second they find out you're dead, the "why didnt they ask for help?" begins. 

They did reach out. They gave warning signs. But you and everyone else pretended not to see them.