I don't know whyI feel sick, I feel this burning in my head. I have a counselor and friends and I'm going to get medication tomorrow. People care about me and I'm accepted as a daughter by my friends' mothers, my teachers, and my host mother. I'm fairly attractive but no boyfriend to speak of. It's probably better that way since it would just be a lot of trouble. I just feel so lonely.

My life is changing. I hate change. I started college a few weeks ago and I'm already slipping because I can't motivate myself to do anything. One of my best friends came out as bi and suddenly it feels like she's basing her whole identity on it and is changing too. One of my other best friends is bi, but she treated it more like a footnote in her life, so I don't understand. She's changing so much and already has a million fucking people she can have fun with, and it feels like I'm always just gonna bring her away from it because I have so many petty issues that make life feel so impossible.

Every day is scratching my way through and crawling to the next. I just feel so bitter and angry and so worthless. My mom yells at me for feeling this way and I feel like I'm dying all the time but I shouldn't go to the ER or anything because it's too expensive. I hate talking to her. I don't want to be around her. I never know when she's going to blow up next. She says that I'm just making everyone worry. I know I am. If I just died then they wouldn't have to.

Every day feels so pointless and miserable. Nothing I do helps. I thought that just looking forward to Pokemon Sun and Moon coming out could do it, but it feels so far from now. It's two months and a week. It hasn't even been a month and I already feel like I'm dying every single day. My chest hurts, my abdomen hurts, my head hurts, my legs hurt, my arms hurt, my back hurts, and I can't sleep. I just want to feel okay. I don't need to feel good, I just want to feel okay. I've had bouts like this before and I know I got through them otherwise I wouldn't be typing this but I don't know how. My life feels so empty and I can't even do the things I used to enjoy.

My own mortality contributes to me wanting to just go ahead and do it. I don't know when I could drop dead and I have no clue what's going on in my body. I'm just falling apart and I want to play Pokemon Moon so badly but I'm scared that I'm gonna die anyways before then. I don't know what to do and nothing helps.

Thanks for reading.