Not sure what's going on# Not sure what's going on

Around December, my sister confessed that she tried to kill herself. The way she described it was, that she was numb. She wanted to hurt herself to find out whether she could still feel.

I used to be with her. But I moved away because bills were piling. I could barely take care of my self and it was very difficult to take care of me and 2 more people. Shortly after I moved out, she lost her job. And shortly after that her boyfriend went away overseas.

We've been always kind of hard on her, because it has always been so difficult for her to keep her stuff together. But it is until now that I realize that we, as a family, never gave her the tools to do so. In fact the reason why we were in a certain way is because of things our parents did or didn't do to us. And the reason of that can be traced to the parents of our parents and so on.

I now understand all that. And I now realize that we have the intelligence and that we can change all that. We write our own story.

Problem is, she no longer cares.

Shortly after all that, she got a new job. And she had a new bf already. She was unable to perform her job because of all the anxiety. She couldn't sleep. Eventually, with help of my parents, she quitted this new job and she moved with my parents until she gets better. I considered to rent a new place, find her a job and take her to live with me. At this point, she was prescribed fluoxetine and lorazepam. She told me that with this she was able to sleep.

She seemed to be fine. Or so mom told me. As mom says she would not do anything in the house. But she seemed better. My parents are probably delusional at this point.

Fast forward to now, she's been hospitalized. One day, mom told me that she was getting angry out of the blue, that she was not sleeping well. And that she wanted to go see a doctor. In her own words, she told me she just wanted her prescription. That she was asked a lot of questions and then considering her history, she was to stay there.

Yesterday she told me that the dose of the treatment has been increased. That a psychiatrist is looking her. And that she'll be there some more.

I talk to her, but she won't talk to me. She told to my brother once that she knew everyone wanted to talk to her, but she  didn't give a damn, and laughed about it. At some point we only used to get a conversation only whenever she needed money. I don't really care. I just want her to stay well.

I learned via my brother, that she broke up with her boyfriend recently. That might be the reason why she wanted to see a doctor.

She now told me she can't sleep well.

At this rate, she'd probably going to be hospitalized in a psychiatric center.

I have 0 experience with this kind of thing. I've been very dubious about psychiatry. I just want to know if there's anything else that I can do to help. Is there a better option?