The Final Soliloquy delivered by an angry little girl. I always felt like I was destined for greatness, but then I grew up.

I was always the smart one, the precocious one, the funny one, the one who would go on to a bigger and more important place. But I was also the difficult one, the anti-social one, the stubborn one, the black sheep. 

That's why I had no friends. 

My memory is terrible now. I remember my life in snapshots. I remember my past in feelings and abstracts, complimented by fragmented memories. I can recreate the feelings I had growing up, though. I can remember family vacations and snuggling with gigantic teddy bears on the lap of summer, I was happy then. I remember fishing with my grandfather, squeezing the worm onto the hook. I was happy then too.

I don't remember growing up, though. I just remember reality when I got there. My reality was a messy divorce, a few deaths, and never having any friends. I was so angry, no one wanted to be my friend. By that time, I'd already scared away anyone who would ever want to be around me. I was miserable, but I knew I was damn smart. I knew I'd get out eventually. I knew I'd eventually move out and up, and that's what kept me sane. Sane is a substitute for happy when you have no other choice.


This year happened. For the first time since I was an ignorant child, life was finally looking up. I had a few people who I would consider friends. I no longer felt so alone. I learned to accept myself for the social mess I was. I no longer felt so ugly. I got accepted into my ivy league dream school. I no longer felt like my work was for nothing. I found someone who I loved very much. That made me feel like a combination of the three.

You won't approve of this, reddit, but I found drugs. They changed my life for the better. Other realities, chemical motivations. I could finally explore the expanse of my consciousness, and I fucking loved it.


But good things cannot last. 

That school I got into was damn nice, but I don't have the money to go. I will have to decline the admission I have been waiting for for as long as I can remember. Everything I have done in the past four years, every hour I have spent pouring over work, every time I felt overworked and overwrought, it was for nothing. I can't go. I will have to go to the state university with the same people I hate in high school, and sell myself short for the millionth time.

My drug dealer was busted, and the police are collecting his phone records. I suspect I will be contacted, and haven't slept in three days knowing this.

My bulimia has started again, to compliment my insomnia. I feel weak and feeble all the time, like my brain is very old and deteriorating. 

Last week I lost everything that supplemented the feeble meaning I had to my life. I lost the only person who I could be even half of myself with, I lost my sanity, and I lost my purpose. I am not the first person to be left, but life without pales in comparison to life with. I can't find the beauty in anything. Snow looks like dirty ice, music sounds like mockery, and life leers from a distance. 

I wake up every morning and I want to die. It's not a casual want, either. It's a yearning, a sickness, a deep obsession with ending the pain that I have felt since I was aware of the world and its wicked ways. I feel like no one in the entire world understands me, and no one ever will. There is no one like me, and this is not for the better. 

I'm seventeen. I don't mean anything to the world. I am a number attached to a name attached to molecules that derive meaning from whatever social norms my neurons attach themselves too. Attachment is a myth and emotions are a chemical we make.  


Why is this so disconnected and pseudo-poetic? I took 3 Xanax, and my head feels surreal and wrapped in cotton. I fell asleep for a bit, and now I am in a dream. I have 5 more. I feel like that will be enough.

So, reddit. If hell exists, I will meet you there. I offer no penance or insight, I only offer my sins and my perspective.  I have realized that all there is to live for is a fickle cycle, one that people like them perpetuate. But I'm not them. I have to be me.


I guess I was just born to suffer.

love, 
s