"Life is Worth Living"I can't stop listening to this song by Justin. And all I can think is "No it isn't".

Life never gets better.

Opportunities present. Good things happen. And then they get ruined. Toppled. Destroyed. Every time.
I try to make my life better, I try to fight for myself, and I get shoved into a ditch every time. I lose the fight every time. I fail every time. All I want is to be free and happy.

Three mental hospital visits. The first two for suicidal ideation. The third because I had a plan. But every time I chose to save myself rather than end it all. I told myself it's not the end, that I don't have to give up.

Emotionally and sometimes nearly physically abusive mother. Neglected by her my whole childhood. Severe mommy issues. Can't develop proper relationships with the opposite sex sometimes. My dad was the same except he did drugs. Got kicked out after I tried to call CPS on them for abuse. I've run away three times. Grandparents are abusive and narcissistic. No one believed me when I had to go the hospital, they said I was trying to not do my homework. Those bastards

I've had so many suicidal crisis, in March I nearly swallowed all my meds to overdose. I constantly become suicidal. I suffer from OCD, depression, and anxiety. 

Why then am I posting this now?

Because I'm tired of losing the fight. I'm tired of fighting for something that never comes to be. And the one person who has always been there for me through all of this and has been widely wonderful to me, has betrayed me.

I could jump in front of the BART track. The electric third rail should kill me before the trains do. That was the plan when I went to the hospital in March. I could find someone willing to sell me a bunch of opiates and die a peaceful euphoric OD. 

I've lost everything. I've lost my dad. I've lost my family. I've lost my happiness. I've lost many friends. And now I've lost trust with the one person I had true trust with. I'm fucking alone

I've lost everything and I am gonna end it all. No hospitals this time. This time I'm going down. I'm 16 years old. And I might die at age 16.