Why should I live?I have ADHD, OCD, and I'm borderline, it is almost impossible for me to focus on a task or work towards a goal for longer than a day. My mood, thought processes and emotions can change many times in the course of an hour. It is almost impossible for me to maintain any kind of relationship because I either withdraw or lash out against people. But I don't like being alone all the time, every day my heart closes up and grows colder. 

I literally don't have any friends because I push them away or drift apart. I don't have any support emotionally or socially, I am an island. I can't develop emotional connections with people, it just feels empty. I can't hold a conversation, or even talk for very long, my brain is too cloudy, if that makes sense. 

I have family, but we're all fucked up. My dad is and was non-existent destructive alcoholic cancer to my family (I hope he dies a slow and painful death, deservedly.)  My mom loves me, but she doesn't respect anything I say or do, she wants me to wear a bib and diapers essentially. She doesn't want to deal with the fact that I am an adult and she's in denial about all my problems. I can't even talk to her because she treats me like I'm 5 and it pisses me off. The only person I really have is my sister, and I love her, but I can't stop hurting her. She's as fucked up as me, but she's found a way to manage/be marginally happy. She finds solace in people, but I only resent them. A lot more people reach out to her though (by virtue of being female). I think she knows that I'll probably commit suicide, but would she want me to live the rest of my life miserable, alone, and progressively more mentally ill?

I understand the power of positive thinking, but I can't stay positive for very long, I have too many racing simultaneous opposing thoughts.
NOTHING helps besides amphetamines, but I don't want to deal with taking them for the rest of my life (side-effects, tolerance, cost). 

I'm always looking for things to better myself, but I realize I'm getting older and my opportunities are beginning to close up. The pattern is always the same, I always end up alone. How the fuck am I supposed to form connections when I'm older when I can't do it when I'm younger(mid-twenties, and supposedly easier at this time)? 

Why should I continue, knowing I will be miserable for the rest of my life? Every year, I get worse, I lose more hope, my thoughts become more warped and I find it harder and harder to try.

Please, someone help me figure out a reason, better than "I'm an internet stranger and you should because I said so". Because those replies don't really do anything at all. 