It’s been a lot.I’m 16, and from Alabama. I have (are diagnosed with) Severe Depression, Paranoia, Bi-Polar Disorder, and of course, Severe Anxiety, I’ve had schizophrenic-like episodes, but i am not diagnosed with schizophrenia.

Let me give you a run down on how the last 3 years of my life have been, when I was 13 March 5th, 2018 I was falsely convicted of a Terroristic Threat that lead me to be a convicted felon for 2 1/2 years, Everyone who I’ve helped, everyone who said they were my “friend” all betrayed me. It was said on our towns Facebook board and the entire town knew who I was. I haven’t been in school or done school since then, and my mom won’t enroll me, won’t pay for my online schooling either.. Later on April 27th 2019 I met a girl and we were friends at first then next thing lead into another, Then on July 4th-5th 2019 I snuck out and one thing lead onto another and we both lost our virginity. July 7th 2018, we get together for the first time, and everything was complete, her Dad didn’t like me (and still doesn’t) so I was never allowed over there so I would sneak over there a lot, but on a forgotten date, they went out and she invited me over, so I went and her dad came home. (Her dad is very Mentally, and physically abusive, i’ve called the police on various different occasions. Basically he’s a fucking nut.) I jumped out of her bathroom window right as he was coming out of the front door and he attempted to grab me, (I was faster than that.) This lead me to get kicked out for the first time. She started texting my best friend a lot, me and him have been friends since 1st grade to 8th grade, Then me and her break up. I forgot the date of this also, He was spending the night at my house and he was being very suspicious on his phone and said “Get out really quick.” (Of my own room?) So me and him knew eachothers passwords so I was going to mess with him, I logged into his snapchat account and see that him and her were talking about having sex.. That crushed me to the point I started crying and screaming at him saying that I’d murder him and that I was coming for him. I had a little pocket knife on my Tv stand that was next to my door, so I grabbed it and held it up to his chest threatening to end his life. My mom came in and got me then took me to another room. )I don’t wanna talk about the rest.) For about 8 months I was numb. I felt nothing. Not a thing. Not even me cutting myself could make me feel anything. I went to a Psychiatrist, because my Mom noticed that I was never eating, sleeping, showing emotion, etc. Let me move on a bit further though to this year, My Dad is currently Deployed in Baghdad, Iraq. Camp Taji, doing civilian work, we were never very close for some reason and I didn’t understand why, we didn’t talk a lot. (I don’t know if this is relevant, but we’ve never really had any Family Dinners or go to the Park, and family stuff like that.) And then my brother who is a Sergeant in the United States National Guard is being deployed in November, to Iraq. 
And i’m in constant fear of my grandparents dying because they are in their Golden Years, and my Mom isn’t her anymore. This past year hasn’t been that bad.. But I cut again, and it’s very bad. I’ve been getting the urge to smash my head on the walls for no reason, (I don’t know if this is an everybody thing but also, when I just stare, not full focus on that one spot or anything. Everything will start to move, It will physically go up and down side to side in a melty kind of way?) I’ve also been getting suicidal again, and i’ve been at peace this entire year until now. I don’t understand why. (Oh forgot to mention this too. we’re back together after she cheated on my best friend with me a lot, then she cheated with him once at her house, and also in the same week she was taken advantage of by a girl, so idk if I’d consider that cheating.) I don’t usually blab about “Oh i wanna die” and stuff like, I kinda have it good. And if I think about it, someone will always have it worse, i wouldn’t trade my shit for their shit. Thank you for taking the time to read this. I just didn’t know what to do with myself.