I don't want them to find the bodyi think my story's over.

They've all left me. My friends are leaving me. Everyone leaves me. I know I'm dragging them down, I know I'm hurting them, but I don't care anymore... I need people...

A shattered ego,
Buried by those dear,
Hope long departed.

Dreams of better days;
Sweet and happy eternal,
Anguish for what could.

Fading desires:
Alternatives out of reach,
The edge approaches.

Rocking, Rocking.

Shallow, quick breaths.

Searing pain in my Heart.

No, it can't  be.

helpme
everything hurts

I wouldn't rather have it any other way.

Don't make the pain go away.

Don't make my dreams fade away.

Dreams of better worlds, where everything is sweet and happy forever.

Oh how I wish dreams could come true, how I wish life could be sweet and happy forever and ever. I’ve prayed to every god. I’ve wished upon every star. I’ve hoped for every technology… But they never come true… No matter how much I beg, no matter what I would give, no matter what sacrifice...

Stutters and forgetfulness… What is wrong with my brain? Am I broken? Forever? I’m not worthy of my dreams. I’m so sorry.
The longer i live, the number I get... I feel like I'm dying... Why don’tt I cry like I used to? Why doesn't it hurt like it used to?

Time is so scary, I don't want my dreams to fade away. I don't want my dreams to fade away. Not until the day my dreams come true and life can be sweet and happy forever and ever.

My pleas for help, pointless…. Help me. No one can help me, no one can help me, I know it, I don’t even want to be helped anymore, do I?

What's the point of friends? Why bother with real people? All they do is judge me and abandon me when I’m no longer necessary. I help them, they grow big and strong and I’m left down here… The same as I was before... They don’t need me anymore. They leave me and I wait for the next person to do it all over again. They never understand me, they can never know my secrets lest they see me as a terrifying freak.

I want to live, but I don’t want to be alive. I want to live, but I don’t want to live this life. I want to the pain to end, but only when my dreams come true. My dreams are impossible in this world.

I’ve always been attracted to fiction, it has always allowed me to escape, to imagine worlds better than our own… To allow me to escape the terrible realities of our own. I hate this world, I hate society, I hate myself, I hate my entire life.

I don’t even want to go to work, I don’t feel like I get paid my time’s worth... My job consists of moving things from my left to my right. I hate my job. I think I hate my customers. I think I hate my bosses. I think I hate my coworkers. I’d rather the building burn to the ground.

I keep telling everyone I’ll go to university, I don’t want to be a cashier forever… I don’t want to be a failure to myself and everyone I know… I hate this job… But I haven’t even studied for the ACT… Everytime I begin to work on it I give up… Just like with everything. My life consists of unfinished ventures that I never completed but never gave up on…I’m 19 and I’ve achieved so very little.  What if I’m too stupid? What if I’ll never be able to try hard enough? It’s so hard… I always panic and give up at the slightest hint of challenge. I assume I’m just incapable... And right now, I just don’t see the appeal. I never could decide what I wanted to be, and honestly nothing really sounds that appealing… I cannot imagine it, I literally cannot imagine having a life that satisfies me in this world. Not even if I were dictator of the Earth with all 10 trillion dollars to my name.

I’d hope that death by knife isn't too painful. That has always been my preferred method, guns are too… oh, I don't know… Unromantic? It just doesn't seem right to do it with a gun. Ever since I was about 16 I thought, if ever I were to commit suicide I’d do  it early in the morning, just before the sun rises and the sky is that beautiful dark blue, and then just stab myself in the heart while taking in that beautiful blue until consciousness fades… I would think happy thoughts, of the things that could be, of the places I could be, with the people I could be with, as the person I could be. No matter how much it hurts, it’s better to feel pain than to be numb. It’s better for it to end now than for my dreams to fade away.

My parents are going on a vacation this summer, that would be the perfect opportunity. But I don't want them to find the body, I don't want to hurt them.