My friend killed herself.In the last few years I’ve had life really tough. After having a baby I was bullied by my jealous boss out of my job and despite taking it to court (where she lied on oath) the case was dropped. My mum had a heart attack and post operative complications and was in a coma for some time. As my baby was newborn and she was on a clean ward, my husband had to stand outside with baby whilst I sat by her bed, nipping out to breastfeed. Driving 140 miles 3 times week to the hospital.
Then my dad had a stroke which left him disabled and unable even to say my name. Lastly I had a cancer scare (all clear in the end but a great worry). So anyway I had a nervous breakdown. I was on a bottle of gin a day and I was putting on my shoes to jump off the motorway bridge when I thought of my beautiful children and I called 999. It’s now 12 months later. I’m doing well, I’m no longer suicidal or drinking and though I struggle with some panic attacks and claustrophobia I’m feeling positive. My husband has been amazing and talking to him has been the best. I’m doing this without medication as I have an addictive personality so it’s all herbal remedies and long walks and writing.
So a few months ago my husbands staff member and a friend of us both hung herself entirely out of the blue. She had relationship issues and money worries but it was just not something we expected. I’ve supported my husband best as I can and the funeral was heartbreaking (she was 29.) But I don’t feel able to talk to him about the guilt I feel. I was her, basically, last year. The only difference is I reached out for help. I see the devastation my friend left behind, I don’t think she would have done it if she knew how many people loved her and would have dropped everything to help her. How could I think of putting my family through that, even if I was ill? I’m angry with my friend, too, for not asking for help but I know she wasn’t in that place and then I feel guilty again for being angry at a sick, dead girl.

... all I am saying is I understand what it feels like to want to die (or at least not want to live) yet I also understand how it feels to lose someone to suicide and I wouldn’t wish it on my worst enemy. Please, please if you feel suicidal, please talk to someone new because I never thought I’d feel this... content and it’s a cliche but there’s so much life ahead. I’m just so so sad my friend won’t see any of it. 