I have no one to talk toFor the past year and a half I've been wanting to kill myself.  Almost every day.  I'm scared to, even though it feels worse to be alive.

My mom just tells me that I'm a waste of money.  When I've expressed to her that I didn't want to be alive, more often than not her response is "Whatever" or something similar.  When I first expressed it to my dad, he cried and hugged me.  I later told him again and he said "How about I get you my gun and some shells and you can do it right now?"  I expressed it to my brother, and he called the police and I was on an involuntary hold in a psych hospital for three days (they almost forced me to stay for a week, because they were "understaffed"), where they kept it freezing and I could hardly eat, both due to stress and because they didn't serve me anything my diet would allow.  They just forced me to take antidepressants, which didn't help.  Everything I was feeling was very much prevalent.

It's because of the last thing that I haven't told anyone since.  I quit therapy over a month ago because I can't afford it anymore.  I figured I might as well not get another job (after my last job closed) because my thought has been "Well, I'm just going to kill myself anyways."

I would rather die than be taken away involuntarily again.  It is traumatizing, at least to me.  And the worst part is, is that my parents don't care.  Nobody in my life cares about me or about my feelings.  It's always about them.

Most people say they stick around for their family, and I don't even have that.

There's a lot more that goes into it, why I don't want to live anymore, but I'll spare those details.

If I will do it, it will have to be tonight/tomorrow morning, which is a really scary thing to write out versus just think.

Honestly, I feel really bad about even writing this.  I don't want anyone to feel sad or feel bad because of this post.  I just needed to vent my feelings to someone without having to worry about being called crazy or being forced to go to a hospital.