I love you, 13/08/2019 - ∞You'll forever own my heart, and you'll forever be my soulmate, that's already set in stone. You've given me what life had best to offer, and you've gone beyond that. Your presence alone was enough to turn my life around and change it for the better. You've always been what I wanted, and what I needed. You've been my reason to love life, to be addicted to it, because you were my life's meaning, and how can I not be addicted to life, when you were my drive to live. You made me the happiest living being in existence. I'll never forget you. No one will ever take your place. I can't believe I lost you. The pain of losing the person you care and love for the most is worse than death. I wish we could have a chance to start again, from zero. I hurt you and gave you always the wrong idea, and I feel like now it's too late, though I will always have hope for another beginning, for us to start again. I can't bear the pain of not knowing how you've been, the pain of not looking out for you, the pain of not being able to comfort you and help you when you're down, the pain of not hearing your voice, the pain of not telling you how much I love you, the pain of not spending my whole day with you, the pain of not waking up to your texts or having you tuck me in before bed through texts,  the pain of not being able to protect you and the pain of losing you as a whole. True love is a rare occurs rarely nowadays, and I feel beyond lucky and blessed to have this true love for you. Life's already too hard as it is, and now without you, the likelihood of me wanting to go on is uncertain, and the peaceful calling of death is so alluring. Every day is a fight, my anxiety, my pain, my problems, they make this war with my own mind harder and harder. Medication simply can't heal what I'm feeling, but the thought of you, the thought of our past memories and just the thought of you as a whole are what give me stability, and short, but temporary bursts of happiness, which in term help me circumvent some of the pain, and some of the thoughts. I wish I could protect you and keep you safe, and I'd give my life a million times if it meant that you'd live a happy and fulfilled life, safe from danger and bad influences. I wish there wasn't this distance between us, I wish there wasn't this 8 hour time difference between us, and I wish I could be there physically for you. You've so many problems on your head, and I know that BPD and the CPTSD, combined with the pressure from your family and what they've done to you throughout your life, have been contributed to so many things that you are now struggling with nowadays. I'd give everything to get you out of there, to save you from their bad and malicious influence. Though you might not believe it yourself, you're special, and you're unique. You're worth it. You're amazing. I've a million things to say about your qualities and who you are as a person, down right perfection. Your beauty stems from the inside, and has extended well beyond on the outside as well, but I never cared about your physical looks, though of course my love has extended in that area too. What I'm so deeply in love with is you yourself, who you are as a person, your personality and your way of thinking. Even as I'm writing this, even with all this pain and distress that's happening, I keep falling more and more in love with you. I swear I tried my best to fight, to fight for us, for you. I've done so many mistakes, I know, and often times I was so naive, beyond imagination. So dumb, beyond human limits. And sometimes too selfish. I'm sorry for everything, but I swear on my life I've been doing my best to fight for us, to fight for our future and for us to be physically together, for me to get you away from your family, and to make you happy. The pain is too great now, and I don't know for how long I'll be able to keep on going, but never forget this : I am beyond blessed and lucky to have had you in my life. Your sole existence is proof that God truly exists, and not once have you disappointed me. All I ever wanted in this life was you, and please remember this dearly. I really love you, so much. I'm sorry if one day I won't be able to uphold my fight anymore against my demons. Please never blame yourself for anything, it was never any of your fault. Thank your for this amazing life. This one year felt like a lifetime of happiness, and I'll never forget you. You're my everything,