A forgotten burden and an un-loveable person.So I'll start from the top. (Long read so credit to anyone to have the tine).

So when I was 18 I left home to move 60+miles away from the small village I grew up in. I left as I was pressured into going to university by my college and my parents despite not know what path I wanted to take in life yet. So I go, 3 years of pure hell. I never wanted to be there, I lost all interest in my course but again was pressured to staying via family, finances and friends. 

The hell of uni was finally over I finished my degree with a 2:2 so I mean I may as well of not even bothered in the first place right? Anyway the only good thing to come out if it was meeting my now ex girlfriend. We where together for 4 years and when I was with her, I just seemed to know what I was doing. I was acting for us, we had a vision and I was determined to see it through. I worked 2 jobs, supported her when she left jobs abruptly and put myself in financial termoil to support and provide for her. she had mental health issues and by no means was a treat to deal with mostly but I loved her, my love saw through all of that. Anyway I started going through a bad time personally, I could feel her love slipping away, arguments became more frequent the amount of pressure I was under became higher and in the end I just dove in a hole and smoked weed. 

For me it was all I had, I knew I was loosing the love of women I worked so hard to provide and care for and genuinely wanted to spend my life with but could feel it all slipping away. Anyway around the time I was slipping her life started to get better and stuff started falling into place for her. She landed a good job (again after me supporting her for a month or two through walking out of her old one) I'd basically paid for her to travel Thailand for a month while I stayed home to look after the pets and sort stuff out because it was a life goal of hers and I didn't want to stand in the way. 

Then boom it happens, I was surplus to requirements. She left me, she didn't come for anything from the flat I had to cart it all and pack it all up and take it to her dad's. I knew at the time it was permanent that she was done with me, I couldn't fully explain why. I wasn't perfect in that moment I was in a very bad spot, and yes I was smoking weed but that was to cope with the stress of working 2 jobs, paying the bills and trying to clear of our joint debt (which I foolishly let in my name). But I certainly don't feel I deserved to be treated the way I was treat after everything. 

So my family (who at this point I've barley spoken to for years) they'd pop up every now and then but never sort of asked how things where or picked up on me not being right. I lost a lot of weight due to stress, instantly they put this down to me being on heroin or cocaine, even though I've never touched either. I've only smoked weed. But anyway they asked me to move home and ever since again I just feel a burden.

I left my job due to it being too stressful and me taking on additional work due to the COVID 19 scenario and fixed the proceedure to make it better for employees. Received no thanks, no payments no nothing just a bunch of lip of employees etc on why we where even doing it etc. So I left.

Ever since I've moved back home every week I have a battle with myself where I just want to end it all. I honestly don't know what to do anymore. I've got the means to do it and I really want to do it. The only thing stopping me at the moment is caring for my rabbit, guinea pig and dog. 

I just dont feel I belong on this earth anymore, I feel I've overstayed my welcome and I've nothing left to give. I have no motivation, no desire, no passions, everyday I become more and more bitter and resentful that I'm still here suffering. 

I've surrendered to the fact I don't think I can find happiness again, I really don't want to live, but I don't want to be seen as selfish if I take my own life. As that's seems to be the main theme I see, is that people who want out are selfish for causing pain and suffering to others. But if we are in this much pain and suffering ourselves surely isn't it not selfish to ask us to stick around on the whim things may get better but probably won't and endure this heart wrenching pain and suffering of being a disappointment, failure, ass hat, good for nothing peice of shit human.

I guess I just dont know anymore.