No one cares until I do itEveryone says "no one cares until it's too late" and I'm finally understanding what they really mean.

My whole life, I'd been such an advocate of suicide awareness. I've lost too many friends and family to not talk about it. In high-school I was the kid who did every project, every essay, on suicide, and it's awareness.

It's not until years later, after going down the road of darkness myself, that I truly understand anything that I wrote, or spoke about. 

I've tried asking for help, I've tried going to my parents, but they're a big reason to why I'm in the state which I am. But the only thing they can muster out to me is that they can't believe what they're  hearing, that their son is a depressed loser, and now my dad thinks even less of me than he did before. I've tried going to friends... the few that I have left that is. None of them believe me, no one understands where I'm coming from. 

I've started pushing away the few people left in my life that might still possibly care about me. I've been getting mad at them for seemingly no reason lately. Maybe it's my brains way of telling me that if I finally get rid of those who I'll hurt, I can finally kill myself.

I'm so scared to do it, but at this point I've realized that I'm more scared of being neglected every day of my life and put down. 

When faced with two awful choices, a human will take the seemingly less painful of the two even though both are terrifying. I compare it to the people who jumped from the twin towers on that fateful day... when faced with death; either the flames that were approaching them, or the fall that was in front, many opted to fall through the ski than to burn as that was more terrifying to them. 

I'm now standing on the edge, with the flames behind me, representing the heartache I put up with every day of my life.  I'm ready to take my jump. I used to be so happy. 

I just want to be with my friends again and my family to love me... I want my dad to show me that I'm his son. I lost 3 of my friends over the summer to suicide and my elementary school principal/ family friend a couple days ago. All of these individuals were much stronger people than I. What chance do I have.