I just feel so down.This happens every month and a half, I'm getting through life and then the thoughts come. It's a circle of worthlessness and guilt and a lot of crying and giving up on so many projects and plans and papers.  I’ve never been so lonely before in my life, I know Im not friendless. I’ve got people to call, to write, to text. There is no one to nudge and say to “Hey look at that.” or “You know what she was wearing today… I hate looking at my life and asking “when am I going to be happy again?” I hate looking at everything as an escape into something else. Why do I have to run from my life? Why does every moment have to be a chance to dream up another reality. I hate thinking that the best times have passed and I hate that my best friends in the world are scattered to the wind and I absolutely hate telling them I am unhappy. That’s all I do when we actually talk, I keep so quiet through out the day that when I get a chance to talk its just the bad. Whats awful right now is that my Dad lost his job and is sick, with lord knows what and I am scared. What if he’s really sick? and the worser thought after is: Will I have to stay to help take care of him?
The thing that is so awful about this is that I dont know what scares me more, my Daddy being sick or the thought of being stuck here for anyfucking thing longer that this year. I don’t think I could make it more than that, honestly. If its anymore than a year I’m going to be six feet under, incarcerated or institutionalized and Im not being too melodramatic, Its a promise. And I feel guilty for not knowing which is the bigger fear, how can I think about that for my own Father.
All I look forward to is leaving and every “step forward” I make here in this place seems to make it harder to do so. I just got a job (yay me!) but this meant I wasn't able to leave for Thanksgiving or Christmas. The thought of getting away this past month is what’s kept me sane and now it seems so out of reach.
Every time I think I can cope, it just gets worse. This is the stuff I am supposed to tell my people late at night, and someone is supposed to comfort me then they say their fears and our friendship grows. This isnt the stuff I say in email or text or instant message or video chat.
One of the main reasons I wanted to go home was so I could see a doctor, I know they say crazy people dont know that they are crazy. Well I know Im not okay. I know I need to see someone and I hope to God (capitalized and everything) that someone can fix me. I just dont know how to find a Doctor like that up here, and get to them and all that.