I lost hope on myself and seeking help from others.During my childhood, I moved a lot. For five years I spent my Elementary building a reputation and some friends for me, yet was always open and felt secure. All that changed when I moved provinces last year. As was just begging at another school when I gave up. I just didn't see the point anymore.  Maybe I could make friends and rebuild my reputation, but for what? Only to move again and repeat? So I distanced myself from others and built barriers around me. Anyways, as the year when on, the darkness just kept coming. I felt myself wearing a mask on my face at school, at home, yet dead to the world. But at night, I would listen to music,  and feel like my old self once more.and on next day,it would repeat. I no longer knew who I truly was. Some days I thought of suicide. Other days I thought of running away. My only salvation from giving in to the pain, from the weight was my books. I can feel the pain of the characters, understand their resentment, how alone they are, how different they are. They say there always a light at the end of the tunnel, yet I have not found that light. My friends now are only people in another world lost to me. I have a mask of happiness on the outside, yet my insides are withering. Songs also help me. They give me hope,connection, and a promise of change.   'Mansion' by nf, is the song I can connect to the most. I'm still fighting this internal fight, not knowing what will happen, what twist of hardness will come upon me. I write this letter to for you to know my story, so you know i truly am. I have poured out my soul and my inner secrets to you. I came close to attempting suicide twice, once on a cliff, another this year, at Christmas eve. Only once did I really come close dying, when I nearly jumped into a lake, even though i didn't know how to swim. It is now a year and I'm struggling with whether or not tell my family and classmates. Please respond.

Farewell now, for this is the end.