I was so close tonight...And now I feel like a coward.Even more so for posting here, I have been battling heroin addiction(in Response to my depression) over a year now I started my path to get clean recently and the depression come back so fierce, I am 24 years old and living with my father again, I relapsed recently(the past week) and have been off and on with my use.

 I sleep all day because my dreams are the only place I am happy, It is as if I am more addicted to my dreams that anything it is the only time I am truly happy, I am not a bum and I am on the hunt for work I left a great job in December to chase a dream(foolish of me) of opening a business because I had a "great opportunity and investor" who turned out to be someone who just wanted me to drop everything move across the country(which I did) and start and run their business as a manager with the responsibility of an owner. I left and ended up having to move back in with my father who thinks I am the ultimate lazy loser and that I am just a pussy because I am depressed and I should just get up and clean house or walk places if I'm sad because that will fix me.


Fast forward a month or so later today I went to a party with my dad and he had been drinking(So had I) his girlfriend brought up how I am doing nothing with my life and what i should do about it.  The ganged up on me and it hurt and I lashed out like a fool, bringing up how my parents always told me I was a follower and would never go to college because the could not afford it and I could never get good enough grades, This hit a bone with my dad who lost it on me bringing up everything that could hurt that he could think of and then kicking me out of the car on the freeway. I thought of walking into traffic but didn't because I am a coward and afraid of the pain, I eventually made it home and he was not there I went into his room and grabbed the 9MM  he has a and walked to a parking lot were I knew they would not be the people to find my body. I sat there thinking about how I am 24 with no GED or Diploma, no future, depression and the only thing that makes it okay is drugs and those aren't even working any more so i am done with them (Horray I guess, but not wanting them or them working is scarier then when I was on them at least I could function then. The depression takes everything away), no clothes for even a interview at a job, No woman will be with a man who lives with his parents or now in my case homeless, No car(My dad sold my car he gave me for my birthday when I left the city because "I didnt work on it" it was a 1979 Toyota we got for free helping a friend move, He "gave" to me)



I know I know I am just bitching about my life and how shitty my family is who is probably leaps and bounds  better than what most of you deal with, and this is why I am a coward, I am not a bad looking guy, I have good health, I am not that dumb, yet I can't bring myself to wake up in the morning. The idea of just a blink and this misery and selfloathing will all be over is so appealing. So I was in the parking lot gun in hand knowing that I had the power to end this, Right there in my hand. No more anything, no more anything at all, the gateway to a blackhole in my hand, and my phone rang, It was friend and I broke down crying, I cried wolf to the universe again I am such a piece of shit I can't even kill myself I hate myself so much now. I have no home, No clothes, no food(wont even get food stamps and be a leach on society for another month), nothing , So what is the difference in having truley nothing when I pulled that trigger? I would honestly have no-negatives and I am such a waste of life I couldnt even do that