I can't see any holes in my thinking, and that concerns me a little bit. (Long)I guess since this is my first post, maybe a little about me.

Yes, I'm depressed, diagnosed by real doctors and all that groovy stuff. Been here for a while.

No, I'm not medicated because that stuff really messes with my head... and my GP and I didn't see eye to eye, so now no GP. 

I'm a bit of an introvert, but I can put on the mask when I have to and dance the dance. Down side is that it sucks the life out of me to do it, to the point that I've taken (stone cold sober) naps in my car after business dinners because it seemed like a better idea that driving. Meaningful conversation with someone that you respect and respects you, on the other hand, don't seem to do that to me. 

Yes, I'm a user of both Alcohol and other limited substances. I could probably be called a functioning Alcoholic as I do make it to work every day and manage not to smell like a brewery, but most nights, I'm only able to sleep after 3 or 4 drinks. Most nights, I drink more than would be considered absolutely necessary.

About a month ago, my ex had her first kid. it's been two and a half years since we split up, so it's not surprising to me that I had no idea she was married, let alone pregnant. What caught me off guard was that I was carbon'ed by my 65 year old mother on a congratulatory email to my ex on her new family member, gushing about what a "great guy" her husband is for "how supportive and handsome" he is. And I'm sure she's right. 

But this is the same woman (my mother) that talked me down after it ended and I was out on my homeless ass. Background, I had move several states over to be with her after she had taken a job in another location. There really wasn't anything here for me anyway since I can work from anywhere. She was getting to do more of the work that she wanted to do and I was down for a change of local. A year and a half later, it was done, my crap was in storage, and I was taking every road gig I could get my hands on because then someone else could pay the hotel bill. You might be surprised what living out of a duffel bag for six months straight does to your understanding of the word "necessity." After six months, the only thing "necessary" was to at least have a place to keep a full bottle of scotch with no risk of funding a TSA contraband party.

Now I'm back where I started, bought a house about 15 minutes away from the one I had before moving away. I'm back here because it was the easiest thing to do, and I know where the everything is. I'm back here because I have no where else to go and no one wanting me to come.

No one here gives a single f*ck about me beyond what they want from me at work, and there's not a chance in hell that I could live anywhere in range of my Sister or Brother. And I get it, I do, because I don't feel a whole lot for the stinking, swarming masses of people moving around all day in their metal, rubber, and glass boxes running the air conditioning full blast. As a group, they're filthy, rude, discussing animals, but that's only as "people."

I know that the only way to make connections with people is to see a person as a "person" and not as part of "people", and for them to see you the same way. I also get it that the person responsible for making those first steps is the person in greatest need of that connection... and ya, that would be me. 

I've spent that last year and a half volunteering, taking up new hobbies that force me to interact with new people, trying to explore communities from gaming clubs (like D&amp;D), to churches, and everything in between. The only one where I made any kind of personal connection was doing some handyman volunteering with one of the nicest and smartest old men I've ever met. Ted.

We got put together because we were the only combination of guys that showed up that Sunday morning with the right tools to do the work at a battered woman’s shelter in town. As we got started, we found a lot of other problems. Weeks worth. And that's what it turned into. Ted would head there around three in the afternoon and start getting things going. I'd get done with work and we'd go till dark. 

We were two or three days out from being done, and I showed up just before 4:30. Happier than I've been in a lot of years, I walk around the back of the building to find Ted. 

Long story short, we buried Ted three days later. 

The morning after that, I show up to finish the job. From what was related to me by the sheriff who responded to the 911 call that a scowling, 6'3" 220+lbs man, using power tools and a sledge hammer, without the supervision of an octogenarian, behind a battered woman's shelter, making god knows what kind of racket, raises some alarms. I don't understand what that person has gone through so I have no ability or right to judge why they called the cops, but this really wasn't a big deal. It should be pretty easy to sort out that I was there finishing the same project that I'd been working on for several weeks, that my friend had just died and I trying to finish what we started.

Should be, but wasn't. I was asked to leave and not to contact anyone at the shelter for anything. As far as I know, they still don't have any back steps for the building, and bags of concrete get really stubborn when left uncovered in the rain. 

So, that leaves me with work. Work sucks. But while pretending to give a crap about the posturing and self promoting in just one more pointless meeting, I started thinking about things a little more clearly. None of this will matter in a decade. None of this will even be a memory in century. None of us will even be part of recorded history in a millennium. That's both liberation and oppression in a single thought. It's the full on yin and yang, two sides of the same coin. It's the “nothing matters so I can do whatever I want” or it could be “nothing matters so why bother doing anything at all.”

It's like suicide. Suicide isn't a “do” or “don't do” kind of thing, it's just a possible path, one that's available to take at any time, from any where. It's liberation, not in the “doing” or “not doing”, but in the knowing that path exists, that freedom is possible regardless of the rest of the world. It's oppression in the same way, that it's always there waiting for you, offering you that sensual, cold, quiet embrace.

Not today, probably not tomorrow, and probably without any planning or even any awareness that I'm making a decision, the day will arrive when it's all just too much. Then again, maybe not. That's not really the point. The point is that I'm no longer trapped in a room with no doors, I have at least one path that I can take. For some reason, I find that incredibly comforting even though I know it should be incredibly frightening. 

I can't see any holes in my thinking, and that concerns me a little bit. 