I wish I needed nothing.I decided a long time ago that when I do it, I'll go down to the waterfront. I grew up inland. I live on the coast now. The rivers and ocean here are beautiful. I'd be quiet about it. I'd just want the last place I'll ever be to be somewhere I'd like.

Not tonight, or tomorrow. I have some pet rats. I'm responsible for them, and I want them to have the best lives that rats can. All the yogies they can eat and all the boxes they can chew to bits. They love me a lot, so far as you can tell with rats. I will pet them and love them back and hold them until the very last moment the vet comes to take them away. But rats don't live very long, and the best rat lives they can have will be over in a couple of years. 

I have a chronic medical condition. It's not the kind that will kill me on its own. Just the kind that means I'm going to spend a lot of time in pain. For the rest of my life. Doctors don't listen to girls in pain. I could keep going in and complaining until they do, but painkillers don't work, so there isn't really a point. Something will always hurt, forever.

I can't work a regular 9-5 job. It's too much. I can't find enough work I can do mostly at home, on an irregular schedule. I've borrowed all the money I can borrow. I owe everyone. People are angry. I don't know how I can fix this. People tell me I'm so smart/talented/pretty, they don't know how I can't just glide through life succeeding at everything. All the way up until I try to make a living out of it. Then nothing I do is valuable enough for a living wage. 

There's a big sign that says YOU MUST BE WORTH THIS MUCH TO EXIST, and I don't measure up. Only the rats think I'm great. Rats have low standards.

I'm in the US, and our government has mutated into something horrible that's doing its best to take away what little help I can already get. Everyone is mad at this, on all sides. They scream, unceasingly, on every TV channel, every radio station, every blog and site and Facebook feed. The world is burning to the ground. Everyone thinks everything is wrong and the rallying cry is, "It's up to YOU to fix it!"

Why is it up to me? I'm so exhausted. I hurt so much. I'm doing all I can. I'm sorry it's not enough. I'm so sorry.

I'm terrified of the man we just inaugurated. I'm afraid he'll piss off someone who has nuclear missiles. I live in a big city, a strategic target for anyone who feels like starting WWIII. I'm afraid I'm going to die because someone else is belligerent and crazy. 

I'm trying so hard not to be here. I eat too much, I take up too much space, I cause too much trouble. I just want to slip through the cracks, have just enough to make sure my pets never want for anything, and not bother anybody. I want my inability to do things to stop being other peoples problem. 

I just want my rats to be happy. 