I just realized no one's ever loved me beforeI (18F) spent my entire childhood chasing after this thing called love. My dad spent his entire life avoiding us and died in a car accident a couple years ago. My mom says she loves me just so she can manipulate me, then treats me like garbage when I'm not being her "good girl." My oldest sister doesn't know shit about me and is so condescending and mean towards me. My middle sister is going through enough shit (PTSD, OCD, MDD, GAD) that I'm (willingly, I offered) paying for her therapy and meds because she can't find a job and my mom is unreliable. I feel needed, but I don't feel loved by her.   


I've had friends, sure. But all of them stabbed me in the back and/or left me because I wasn't worth it to them. Every. Single. One. I can pinpoint everything I did wrong, so I don't even fucking blame them. I would've done the same if I were them. And now I can't even open up to anyone anymore to make friends. When I get too vulnerable, I get stuck in fight or flight mode and cut off contact because I can't stand being around them. Because I can't stand letting another person in just to decide I'm not worth it. So I don't even give them a chance. And I have no idea how to even fix that. Or if I even want to at this point.   


I don't even feel anything anymore. I used to be in so much mental and emotional anguish that I thought about suicide and self-harmed almost daily. But I always had this burning fire in me. Like "Bring it on life, give me all you got, you can't fucking break me." Until I did and almost killed myself when I was 16. Oh how foolish I was. I wish I had just gone through with it.   


Now I don't even feel like I'm alive, or like anything around me is real. I'm a shell of a human being. That fire has long been snuffed out. I don't even know who I am anymore, I just know I hate myself, and I have since I was a kid.   


I've held onto hope for so long that one day I'd be good enough. That my life would get better. That if I worked hard enough, if I was smart enough, pretty enough, funny enough, kind enough, successful enough, someone would finally love me (I don't mean romantically). That things would get "better." That I would find my "real" friendship family. But I'm starting to learn it doesn't. Sure, good and bad things happen. But what's the point if you can't feel anything. If your trauma just circles in your head like a playlist, preventing you from fully enjoying anything? The playlist that sleep and self-harm seem to be the only things that can interrupt it.   


I feel closer to the edge than ever. I'm stuck in a circle I can't escape, and god only knows I've tried. I'm just a corpse ready to bury itself. The only reason I'm even still alive is because I don't want my sister to die. But selfishly, I can't stop thinking about how easy it would be to withdraw the money from my account and leave it in her room and go through with my original suicide plan. I have the letters. I have the means. There's no point in anything. I can barely get out of bed. How the fuck am I supposed to keep a job for the rest of my life?   


I've been in hell since I was 7, and I just want it to end.   


Congratulations life. I've finally been defeated.