Random RantHey guys. I'm just putting this here. tbh, i don't even know if it goes here or not. 

I do know that the old feelings are creeping back up again though. I still kind of wish I ended it but, I don't. I don't want to wish I ended it because if I did it when I had, I wouldn't have been able to talk my friend out of it when he was at a low point. I acknowledge the fact that had I not been there, he could've went through with the attempt. But another part of me is like maybe if I had done it, I would've triggered a small change and he possibly would've not had to go through that situation in the first place. The people I know now that love me, believe in me, wouldn't be burdened with my existence. In my mind there were only three real attempts I made. One was by knife, the others were by trying to get someone else to do it. My very first attempt was freshman year of high school. and it's been a while since I've decided to get help.

I've kind of started getting help now. Although, only when I get like this it's when I feel like I need help. I've kind of stopped trying to end it, but tbh I thought about another way to do it today. I don't want to do that though. I don't want to leave my SO. I do feel like they'd be better off without me though. I suppose the main reasons why I'm not actively trying to end it is because of my SO's love for me, some of my friends, and basically two members of my family.

I just keep feeling like I'm not enough, like I'm not doing enough. I don't fully reciprocate all the love my SO gives me. i don't always go visit my family, and tbh there could still be a chance one of them will get ripped away from me. I know pain is a part of the experience and whatnot, that it doesn't exactly define us; that it shapes who we are. But I don't want to feel pain anymore. I don't want to keep bringing down my SO's spirits whenever I feel like this. I don't want to keep making them sad whenever I negative self talk. I want them to be with someone they deserve and that equally deserves them. I don't think that's me though. My family deserves someone that's in contact with them more. My friends deserve someone that will go out of their way for them.

I don't know if I made the wrong choices. I don't know what i should do. I don't think I deserve to live if I's willing to give my life away, There are so many other people fighting to live. People that are getting their lives taken from them, and I'm just being a waste of space. I probably have a huge carbon footprint and am only adding to the increasing amount of chaos that's already in the world.

But they love me. They love me so much. They deserve better though... Idk.