The Dying Game.It was like seeing clouds with that resilient glow. Clouds that you knew would soon yield a heavy, warm moon. It was like watching the Sea of Tranquility gain its independence from a wall of night. 

She laid on that couch, with the blanket I had put over her, breathing those heavy breaths. She always did that. Even at perfect, resting slumber. She breathed hard. It was beautiful. It was something I used to lie awake listening to, as she turned the pages of some hazy dream, with me at her side. She slept soundly as the party wound down, everyone leaving. Jeff and Mayce were  going upstairs to bed. They offered me a blanket and pillow, which I turned down. I just wanted to sit there.

Its not that I wanted to die, sitting on that couch. It just would’ve been nice. 

We were fierce lovers. On and off for 11 years. Its hard to let something  like that go. Seven months ago she decided to end it, after a year of amazing nights, days, road trips. She said she let the situation  get more advanced than she was ready for. I told her I understood. That I was okay. I didn’t want to lie to her. But I also didn’t want to explain the ocean burning in my chest. It would’ve hurt her. It was better this way. Explanations are just cheap poetry. 

For the first time in seven months I saw her. I watched her laugh. I saw her eyes light up when each of her favorite songs came on. Heard her softly singing  along, hidden by conversations over joints, beer pong and the like. You wouldn’t know it, I’m sure, but we were the only two people on earth the whole night. For  me,  at least. There is no more  perfect sight than her.  

I sat there on that couch watching. Thinking. Wishing. So full of alcohol, which was necessary to endure the night. I sat there with my heart on fire. Hearing that voice in my head screaming. Throat bleeding. Until I started to cry. Something she’ll never know, that as she lay there in peace, I broke into pieces. 

My head was spinning. How much had we drank? Enough to allow for severe double vision. I was right though, its not that I wanted to die. I wanted to explode. I wanted to burst into flames and not experience anything ever again. I wanted the last time i ever saw her to be right there. The last time i saw anything. Standing right beside the most wonderful person I was ever loved by. So full of love and adoration. So full of pain and loneliness. Overflowing with opposites. 

With a stagger, I stood. Made my way over to her. Gently kissed her forehead, and walked to my car. 

I heard myself say, “Please let this be it.”