Some messy and scattered ramblings from someone who doesn’t want to be here anymoreI’ve fantasised about suicide for about a decade at this point but I think I’ve hit a juncture in my life where I’m serious about going through with it soon. I’m tired of the person I am. People are capable of change, but I am well and truly too far gone. Truth be told, I don’t even want to get better. No matter how I look at my life and existence, there isn’t an outcome more fitting for me than suicide. I truly believe that.

In my 23 years of life, I have amounted to nothing. No professional qualities that would suit   a workplace, no outstanding artistic abilities that I can devout myself to, no social skills to meet new people with... nothing. I am useless to everyone, including myself.

I can’t describe what it is, but there is something about how I look that lets people know on first sight that I am unlikeable and not worth attention. I don’t blame them either. If I ever came across a person who looks, thinks and communicates the way I do, I wouldn’t want anything to do with them. I am extremely ugly and my personality matches my appearance. I hate my body, face and my mind.

There’s so much I wish I could do and be, but they are no more than fantasies, unrealistic and unrealisable. I wish I wasn’t socially inept, I wish I wasn’t ugly, I wish I was talented, I wish I could live someone exciting, I wish I was born a woman, I wish I could physically say I love you to my mother, who is probably the only person feels the same way about me. It feels that fear and anxiety have a vice grip on my life, but these emotions are realistically just protecting myself from embarking on endeavours that would turn out awfully. 

I’m not nostalgic because I don’t like my past (despite growing up easy and privileged, I am grateful for that), I don’t look forward to the future because there is nothing to be excited for and I hate living in the now because I’m a miserable, good for nothing person. What reasons are there for me to keep going on?

Tonight was the closest I had come to actually attempting to kill myself. A coward like myself just runs from the opportunity for real change though, so here I am writing this instead. It pains me every time I reject my emotions that are nudging me closer to suicide because it means that I have to carry on with this meaningless life instead of being at peace though. I made some serious progress on the goal to committing suicide tonight though. The resistance I normally have to stay alive is growing weaker each time I think about taking action to kill myself. Hopefully in a few months this force in my mind repelling suicide will disappear completely and I can final do what I was meant to do with my life.