I feel like suicide is the only escapeI have everything I ever wanted. A great fiance, I recently moved to one of the wealthiest cities in the world, it's clean, public transport is great, the scenery is gorgeous. I don't really have to work. I thought moving here, escaping my old life and putting into this picture perfect one would make me happy but i'm not. I'm not at all. My fiance is a pilot so he's been gone at least 4/5 of the time I've been here. I can hardly speak the language, I have enrolled in classes to help me learn/to make friends but i haven't been able to pick it up. I  can't make friends, and even when I do I'm so socially awkward I'm too afraid to ever set up another meeting. Also one person I met kinda started stalking me so I'm afraid to do that again. In America I could easily find clothes that fit me, I'm about a 9 in jeans but here even the XL are too tight. Everyone here is perfect looking and skinny and my fiance's mother, when she comes to town, never hesitates to tell me how fat I am. 
All of my fiances friends are italian and whenever we go out they only speak italian so I'm stuck kinda looking into space. I can't get a job because I don't have a work permit for this country so I do nothing all day. I have walked the entire city, it's beautiful, but it's getting old. 
I know I should run but I'm just so out of shape now it's embarrassing. I've played soccer all my life so I'm used to being in tip top shape. However now when I run I get worn out so easily (i think it's because I'm in the mountains and I grew up below sea level) and I can feel like my stomach jiggling. 

I have the chance to go to Rome in a week but I am dreading it so much because we'll be staying with his mother and she literally makes me want to jump off a cliff and I am out of my anti-anxiety medication. I've started taking my speed again and brought my eating to an absolute minimum so I can try and lose a few pounds before we go but I know it won't make a difference. If I do eat I usually try and throw it up but it's hard to do it when my fiance is in town. 

I find myself resenting my fiance because he gets to fly off with people his age to exotic places around the world while I'm stuck in this most boring city in the world.

Cooking was something that made me happy but now that I've been harped on for my weight so much I've stopped it completely. 

I feel like I should have been able to get out of this rut, that I'm doing it to myself, I am so freaking weak. I am always like that. I thought running away would fix it but I will always be stuck inside of my stupid fucking head. I want to cut myself but I can't figure out a place where my fiance won't see it but I really really need to. It would make things better. I need to cut myself. I want to kill myself but it would destroy my parents. I found myself wishing today that they were dead so that I could kill myself and just get out of my head.

I stopped my medication (anti depresants, anti anxiety, adhd) coming here and don't have a counselor so that's probably not helping. although I was suicidal before I left anyway. I will just never be fixed. The demon keeps coming back. I want to fall down a thing of stairs and hae my brain dead or amnesia or something. 

Fuck sorry this was the longest rant ever but I have no one to talk to and I'm embarrassed that things are going so poorly. No one understands. 