Beaten DownAll my life I have been bullied and beaten down. I have learning disabilities that made me a bad student but no one could tell me why or how to specifically fix it. My family blamed me for all things even things I could not control or even have anything to do with such as my sister being deaf. For years I was told if I was better she could hear so it had to be my fault not that she was deaf. My whole family claim if I was a better person then my parents marriage would be great all their problems and fights are my fault. I never knew how to stand up for myself so all my life I have been bullied and used. Now I desperately crave a friend but cannot trust anyone as they always betray me in the end. Most recently I had been given a temporary promotion at work and told it may be permanent. I worked my ass off to do my best and just after Christmas shut down I was told it was over and that I was to be reassigned. Instead of going to back to my old department that I knew I have been reassigned to a new area and forced to do physical work that is hard and extremely difficult. It is almost like being punished. I asked why the job ended and got told " I don't know " by everyone. When I tried to say something I am told to be happy I still have a job and suck it up. That is what I was told all my life be happy and suck it up. It is what my family tells me as they treat me like crap and blame all their problems on me. I try to get help from them but they are so desperate to keep a good social face that they beat me down like no one else. They embarrass me in public and blame me in private. They do things like when I was temping and my old car was giving up they dragged me to a dealer ship and demanded that I buy a newer car that was way outside my ability to pay for and when I would not go along they made a huge scene at the dealer ship yelling and screaming at me to the point we were asked to leave and all they way home I was screamed at and called a loser. They see this as a trying to help and not that I didn't have the money to do what they wanted. They do things like this over and over and never stop. You are worthless but make friends, stand up for yourself but never to us, get better but tell none as it may shame the family. All my life I have faced these contradicting problems and now I just want it to end. I am too much of a coward to get a gun but there has to be a way to end it all for good.  