Times upPlans are getting along well. Have enough pills, have enough alcohol to dull the inevitable pain that stioped me last time.

I do regret it. I regret making friends who are going to miss me, I regret being a spark that's going to kill a lot of people in the same way I'm going to die. A chain of suicide. 

But at the end of the day, fuck em. I have lived long enough for other people. Everything was for someone else. The only thing I wanted since I was 10 was this. Was sleep, eternal. If there is a hell, a god then sure codemn me. Every night has been a lightless death and a hollow life: nightmares that blot out the sun in the waking world and when people listen they don't fucking understand and what could they do? Fundamentals can't be changed. I was built for this. To be a prick who caused a lotta misery. But heyo, it's not like I can feel it, no you feel everything for so long and you start feeling nothing. 

I'm not sure by what day it'll be ready. It won't be difficult. I've got failsafes this time round. 

I'm not so heartless as to ask for forgiveness just humour me. Live without me. It wasn't difficult before won't be now. I wasn't a good man, I tried to be a loyal friend though. I found love but got too scared to act on it and then became to depressed to care for it. And then nothing. Because the filling doesn't matter, all the problems were trivial and human and stupid and could be solved.

It was fundamental. I was built for this. And i won't apologise for that, I had no hand in the creation, only the end. And I choose only one of those, loke everyone else.

At the end, when you step off the ledge you see some things yknow. Beauty wrapped in majesty. But it's the interpretation and the memories that fuck ya. The sunset so brilliant that it could bring you to tears. The end of the day. The start of the night. The end of a life has nothing after it, nothing that can be confirmed so, it is the end as far as I'm concerned. And I see nothing but clouds. Dark ones. I don't like them