Thankfully I'm a cowardSo tonight has been a rough night for me. The last few weeks have been hard. At one point in my life things were going well, I had a somewhat successful YouTube channel that was very promising and while there were struggles, overall I was happy with my life.

When things started to decline I took action, found a real job and tried to move on with my life. I began to see the world in a different way, I went from doing what I loved to do everyday to spending my time being misrable for minimum wage. I held onto hope that things would improve, either my channel would bounce back or I'd find something else I enjoyed doing for a living. Neither of those things happened but there was nothing to be done but move on and keep fighting.

Of course as I spent less time working on my passion projects and more time in the daily grind things went even further downhill over the years. I attempted to go back to school to persue my passions. Of course finances wouldn't allow that to happen without a large amount of sacrifice. For a year I lived a life of sleep, school, work, sleep and nothing else. Eventually the stress got to me and I was forced to withdraw from my courses to work and survive.

So now with a large amount of debt I continued to work shitty jobs, barely surviving and never getting ahead of the game. I managed to work on some projects I enjoyed for YouTube but never recovered to the point where the earnings from what I do could be taken seriously.. I've attempted to do the fanfunding thing that you see so many creators succeeding with to rather poor results.

Flash forward to a few weeks ago, the shitty job I was working to survive laid me off, and I was left scrambling to find another job to make it by. I'm not lazy by any stretch and am usually really good at searching and finding a job of some sort. This time around however it seems like I'm just not hearing anything back. While searching I've fallen behind on rent and ate what food I had left, leaving me with no fuel to continue my search. My family has been encouraging and as helpful as they can be. Been mooching food, and borrowing a little cash to get by.

So tonight it all kind of came to a climax, thoughts of ending the struggle for myself have been surfacing over the past month or so. I really don't wish to return  to a shitty job that will take advantage of my desparation, and I've taken every action I could to make my personal work a success. I've not heard anything promising in regards to the job search and am becoming malnourished, my head has become more and more filled with dark thoughts about ending it all each day.

The only reason I'm here typing this is because I'm a coward who couldn't go through with what's become the only way to end the struggle. Of course the people around me at least pretend to care, offering shitty useless advice for a few moments before getting bored or frustrated with me when their minute of consideration isn't useful compared to the weeks I've been wrapping my brain around this.

So I don't see a happy ending for myself, it seems pointless to continue fighting as hard as I have. I've spent most of the day today trying to sleep off the anger, depression and hunger that seem to have taken over my life. I am surrounded by people who care and would mourn the loss of my life, and I don't want to belittle that, but it really doesn't help me in the end.

I don't know what I expect to get from this post, I don't need advice or motivation. I need a job that doesn't make me completely misrable or some kind of break neither of which even seems possible at this point. I guess at the very least I had a chance to let some of these feelings out.
