14 years of depression, 7 straight years of anhedonia. Not one moment of happiness or pleasure. Generally dislike how the world operates.I do not think I'm a burden on the world. I do not think the world will be "better off" without me. I've thought about suicide constantly for 7 years. I haven't felt pleasure for 7 fucking years. I've been in treatment for a long time. Therapy hasn't worked, medicine hasn't worked, I have been rejected from a ketamine trial, and I'm running out of options. Nothing has helped. The depersonalization/derealization is crippling at times, the psychomotor retardation literally paralyzes me some mornings and causes me to miss work, I haven't been sad when people I know die, I constantly feel like tearing my skin off and crushing my own skull, and I literally don't understand how being alive is even a reasonable decision at this point. I cannot and WILL not live a life where I can't feel good. I probably could do a lot of good in the world, but I really don't give a shit at this point. I just want to stop feeling like this. I'm married to an amazing woman, but I have times when I depersonalize where I suddenly feel like I'm looking at a complete stranger and am in a stranger's body.

I know my death will have a big negative impact on people who know me. Unfortunately, I'm at the point where that isn't enough now. How does it make sense to stay alive when you can't do anything that actually makes life worth it? When you travel the world and feel fuck all? 

I've never felt like it is a huge deal when people die, and I think it is needlessly cruel that people try to make people live for their own benefit. Then you are immediately told to get back into the 9-5 for the next 30 years just so you may eventually be able to not work when you are already old. I can't function in society. I have the easiest job in the world and find myself breaking down constantly.

And no shit it is a permanent solution. Guess what? When you are dead, you cease to exist. That immediately means that nothing else will matter anymore, because there is no you to care. I've given it a fucking gigantic effort to try to get better, and I've only been progressively trending downward.

I wish I could go back in time 14 years and tell 15 year old me that it won't get better. Now I've basically spent half my life miserable.

(If you are young reading this, do not let that last part influence you. For the vast majority of people, depression is plenty treatable. You should make an effort to get help).

I WANT justification to live. I WANT to want to live. I just don't. Since I feel like a robot anyway and have had the humanity basically sucked out of me, I don't see a problem with unplugging.

Giving myself 3 days before doing it, though I'm writing my note today. I need people to understand that this is a decision not remotely made hastily. If anyone in Brooklyn wants to grab coffee or a beer this weekend, I'll be around. Maybe you'll bump into me without knowing.