I figured this belonged here*Just so you know this was a text to my Ex - who I still talk to and told me to contact if I ever needed someone to talk to. I've added points in ( ) to help clarify some things. 


"I don't know why I'm writing to you now. I guess it's because I have no one else to talk to. I was just thinking back to when you told me that you laid on the road and hoped a car would hit you. I can relate to that. I get it now. Today I woke up with the strongest urge to just kill myself. All day I've been thinking about it. I was just sitting in the shower for half an hour trying to clear my mind but that didn't help. If one thing has become apparent to me since we broke up (~3 months ago) its that I just don't want to live. I don't want to do it. Every day is more miserable than the last. Every day I just lose the fucking will to try. Every time I wake up my first few thoughts are "I'm awake..in this world again....fuck." This message isn't going anywhere. It has no point and frankly I don't care if you respond at all. I guess I'm writing to myself at this point because fuck it, who else cares. I think I've tried near everything to help myself feel better too, to no avail. Meditation, reading, going outside, talking... I mean the list goes on of "well when I feel down I do x." Except I'm not down. I'm depressed (also diagnosed social-anxiety and OCD). And nothing makes it better. Save maybe Mitten (new pet kitten), but even then it's temporary and more of a bandaid. It's just getting to the point where killing myself sounds better than living and it half freaks me out and half brings me relief. And I don't know which thought is scarier tbh. If I look around I can't see any apparent reason for being depressed. By all visual signs I should be happy. Food, a home, privacy, money, electronics, love, stuff. I can't make sense of why I'd want to kill myself, I can only understand that the idea is better than living through this hell. When I look to the future everything seems bleak, unwanted and foreign. I see no light at the end, just darkness. Maybe it's this place. Maybe I need to leave the GTA(Greater Toronto Area, Canada).. But even then what would I do. What would it matter? I don't know... This isn't self pity, or loathing. I'm fine with who I am... What I'm not fine with is living, going on like this. The mental stress is unbearable - I can't take it. It's fucking driving me insane. I can't go a few minutes without being reminded how much I want to die and it's making me lose my mind. How long do you go on before the voice that chants death in your head becomes the most reasonable. So far the most reliable one is saying to take 2 pills and hope it gets better (been on anti-depressants for over a year). My will is breaking and I'm finding it so hard to gather the strength to go on. Honestly, it really does feel like I'm biding my time until I truly have lost the will to go on and just end things. Nothing's gotten better, there's been no indication of things getting better and nothing that matters can be as it was. I feel like I'm living the same waking nightmare over again day after day where things just keep getting worse and worse for me but everything else is functioning as it always has. I guess that's life though isn't it. Sorry for the wall of text. Again, I don't care if you respond or not"

Does anyone else feel like this? It's so fucking hard to go on. It really is. 