Dysphoria and IsolationI'm in a rough spot, guys--the kind of spot where I'm planning the logistics of having an unfortunate chainsaw "accident" tonight.

It all started when I was evicted from my apartment in June.  I was living with my boyfriend at the time, who was jobless and couldn't keep up with rent, and I had trouble making rent because I was missing work due to a severe illness.  It was around that time that I came out as transgender, after 24 years of hiding and dysphoria.  My boyfriend dumped me and immediately started dating one of our friends, who was living with us at the time, and said friend was incredibly mean to me about not getting over the relationship fast enough when they didn't give me time to mourn it and were banging loudly in the next room when I was home.  He and she moved to the next state over when she was offered a job there, and since my boyfriend is still a very good friend, I miss him so much. 

After the eviction, I lived in shelters for a while.  My dad found out and came to pick me up and bring me back to my dying hometown to live with him and my grandmother.  They're people who have a long history of emotionally and verbally abusing me.  The abuse hasn't been terrible this time, but I am being misgendered constantly because they don't really believe in being transgender.  I am feeling horribly isolated.  I have no driver's license because I could never afford to get one, have no job, no friends here, and feel trapped in a place where the people I'm living with fight with each other and don't respect me.  I begged them to bring me back to the shelter, but they wouldn't, even though it would allow me to live in a place where there's public transportation and a fairly high rate of employment.  

I am also feeling extremely dysphoric.  I have an appointment in mid-October to get the prescription for hormone therapy, but in the meantime, I'm stuck in this awful, curvy body with this high-pitched voice I can't do anything about.  Combine that with constantly being called "she", and it's made me into a person who doesn't even want to be seen by anyone else.  

I feel like my life is over.  I'm lonely, hopeless, and consumed with self-loathing, and I'm finally ready to see what lies beyond.  For science, and the alleviation of long-suffered pain.