I want to minimize pain to the people who care about me. suggestions/revisions for my note?I'd like to start off by saying this is what I wanted. not to get better, not to be happy, but to be finished. This is my choice, and I've had my mind made up about it since my second week in the CAP. I really am sorry about all the pain i've caused, but this is something I have to do. To be perfectly clear, nobody caused this but me. 
To everybody who tried to help, thanks, but you were fighting a losing battle.
To everybody who didn't know, thank you for making life bearable enough that i could wait for the drugs instead of using a more painful method.
To my family - sorry i wasn't a better son/brother/uncle
To my co-workers - sorry i didn't give any notice, lol
[roommates] - I left cash for rent/cleaning up my room.
[mah bestie] - You were the most chill best friend I could ask for. I hope they have video games in hell. and I guess that masterpiece i owe you isn't gonna happen :|
[friend] - you can make some sweet shit. I hope you find a way to use that creativity for something truly awesome.
[friend] - i dunno man. keep on rockin'
[friend] - you're a dick with legs and the mind of a 14 year old girl. slow down. take a look at what you want, and why you want it. things will get better.
[fwb] - thanks for what was probably the funnest week of my life.
[ex] - see a fucking counsellor already.
To all the staff at [hospital]/psychiatrists/counsellors/churchgoers who tried to help me - don't let this get to you. I'm just better at lying than you are at helping me.

I hope i can make you all understand. Here goes. I can't remember feeling good. i mean, i've been happy, i've had a lot of fun, but deep down, it always felt like i was just biding my time. I don't have any dreams or goals anymore. I work so i can pay the rent, so i can keep my job. the only purpose is self-perpetuation. I used to crave meaning, but religion only gave me guilt and shame. trying to help my ex with all her shit? more guilt. more shame. more feelings of inadequacy. In the past two years or so there have been countless times that I had the knife at my throat, the belt around my neck, my toes off the edge of the building, but i always chickened out. And it felt like the one escape i had was now unavailable. I couldn't even hope for the release of suicide. but in the [hospital], my resolve strengthened. on march 30th, 1:57 pm, I tried to overdose. I woke up about 19 hours later. Never have i been so disappointed, but that made me realize that I could do it. I failed, but i didn't chicken out. I spent my time having fun until my perscription refilled twice. Now it has. As they say, if at first you don't succeed, try, try again.

Goodbye, and I am so sorry