College is killing me, I can't stand it (long)This was originally going to be an AskReddit post, but I just delved into too many issues and it got me depressed. I'm in tears - I'm not sure if anyone will read this whole thing.

Firstly, let me say that I never wanted to go to college, my parents encouraged me to go, and I agreed against my better judgement. I always viewed college as somewhat of a scam, and sincerely thought I could learn more on my own given the time and money - I still believe this, and everything I've read has confirmed this. I have never ended a day of college and thought, "gee, I'm glad I went to college"

I have 2 semesters left after this one and I am studying biology; so I've incurred too much debt to just leave but I still have a significant amount of work left (my parents need me to pay back the loans, but have given me money for food; which is understandable, but gives you a sense of my predicament). I like biology, but college has seemed to ruin all my drive. I take maybe 1 or 2 biology classes a semester and the rest are chemistry, general reqs, and other things I am not very interested in, that end up taking up so much of my time because I have no interest in doing them.

I have a part-time job and volunteer regularly as an EMT (no I never wanted to go to medical school, I decided to do this because I thought it would give my life meaning while I'm in college). I don't know what to do, I can't really take a year off, unless I want to live at my parent's house. Also, I'm probably going to have to live there anyways after college for at least a year until I have some money saved up.

But the part that is killing me the most is the terrible lifestyle I've developed. I am fairly good with people, but I have about 2 friends here (I transferred from another school so I missed the freshmen stuff). I blame this on the fact that I have no time for almost anything I want to do. And there are so many things I want to do, that just seem so much more meaningful to me than the busywork, assignments, papers, and endless exams.

For instance, I'd like to: exercise more, eat the right foods, have a consistent sleep schedule, read books, meet new people, travel, learn a new language, learn a programming language, learn an instrument, etc. I have hardly anytime for any of this, because when I do have free time, I first try to run or something somewhat active, then I need to just chill.

I've seriously considered suicide because it seems that no matter what (if I graduate on time or take a year off) I'm still going to be this miserable for at least the next 2-3 years. I cannot bear this anymore, because it's not only that I hate college, I hated elementary school, middle school, and high school. Not because of the social aspect, but because I felt that most of the time it was a waste of time, I could learn the subjects better on my own. I remember I told my mom I was going to kill myself the night before the first day of one of my random middle school grades and she got angry - this was the first and last time I ever talked to her about any of my emotions.

That being said otherwise my parents truly do want the best for me, and this makes me just feel more guilty. My dad loves sports and would coach all my teams in elementary school (baseball, soccer, basketball). And I was usually one of the worst players on the team - just because I would rather be doing something else - I was a kid, and I wanted to just ride bikes or something. But he still loved me and I feel bad about this. I think he wanted me to become an athlete, but I always thought sports were pointless. This is really fucked up, but since I'm being honest, I'll say it: I remember once wishing I was handicapped so I didn't have to play sports. I seriously don't know why, they weren't that bad.

One of my sisters' has been institutionalized and the other is on some medication for depression. I refuse to take medication or see a therapist. I also watched one of my sisters get sexually molested by a male baby sitter when I was like 12 or something. We have never spoken about this, and I never saw the baby sitter again. I'm not sure if this is relevant at all, but it just seems that the negativity compounds itself.

I do have good days, but then I come to the realization that I don't have the time to do anything I want to do (see above).

I've basically severed connections with all my friends (high school, work, even the ones here) and I have not ever spoken to my roommate for more than 2 minutes (we've lived together for about 9 months). I decided I wasn't going to waste the energy meeting new people because I wouldn't have time to build a good relationship and I've been suicidal - so it seem fruitless.

The only reason I haven't killed myself is because I do know how to make things better, I know what I need to do. But I don't have the time to: meditate, workout, eat raw foods, read freely, socialize everyday or even most days. Any time I have off I end up just sleeping or watching TV because it takes no energy. I fear that the stress is killing me - as it is biologically toxic. Almost every semester I seem to have a breakdown like I am now, but I always convince myself to just last until the end of the semester.

My relationship with the opposite sex is also suffering as a result. However, despite all my troubles during the past year I have had 2 different girls (both of which I was having sex with) tell me that I should move in with them. I refused because I'm still insecure with myself (however, I can hide it for a period), and I don't have the time for that level of commitment. Looking back on this is so depressing because I would have loved to be in a real relationship.

Usually my 2 friends don't even bother inviting me out anymore, but when they do I make up an excuse. This has also made me incredibly envious of people who are happy and living a decent life, and I hate having this emotion. I'm envious of people who didn't go to college and are doing things they like or at least have sufficient free-time to do what they like.

I feel that I'll never realistically recover - and that I've always felt this way but college has amplified it incredibly. I am not even going home for easter this year, and I think I've only talked to my parents twice since february. I actually enjoy the thought of my funeral and I have already decided that I only want family and 3 trusted friends to go - although at this point, I do not see why anyone else would want to go.

I feel like my options are only:
1. Graduate with no friends, average GPA, debt and no job prospects.
2. Take a year off, get older, then see step 1
3. Kill self

Writing all this out made me feel a little better, I'll admit. But it'll be short-lived.