I Almost Killed Myself, But I Didn't And I'm Happy That I Didn't* The intentions of this post is to give hope to suicidal people that things will get better/ to inspire other depressed suicidal people to continue living by telling them my story/ to tell other people HOW to get out of that mindset.
* It's sort of a lengthy read, but it's worth it for anybody who is at their lowest and needs some glimpse of hope. 

Introduction

I'm going to try this again. The last time I made a post with the intention to uplift people, it got taken down. So what I'm going to do this time is tell my own story of how I finally got rid of my suicidal mindset. I'm not just some average normal-life-having Joe who comes on here and tells other people "things will get better" or "suicide is selfish". I come on here and I advise people not to kill themselves because I know what it's like to live your darkest night, but still able to make it out of the fire thanks to a glimpse of hope.  So now I'm going to start off by telling you my dark story and how I was able to make it out :

My Dark Past

I'm 24 years old and I've been suicidal on and off since I was 14 years old. Since then, I've tried to kill myself with over 6 methods and failed every time. I was in and out of the psych ward 3 times when I was 14, 15, and 16. I would refuse to take the pills and as a result, I'd get slammed on a seclusion matt and injected instead. I saw my dad get his cut throat by my 15 year old brother when I was 5 years old. I was suspended from school 4 times and expelled once. I tried to become a Marine but failed to even make it to the 2nd phase of training at Parris Island when I was 19. It was my biggest failure and definitely made me not want to continue living. I've been shot at and had unknown assailants try to kill me. When I was kid, I'd see my brother mistreat my mom (choking her). I got into my first relationship when I was 20 and got married to her at the age of 23. We just separated about 5 months ago and we're literally on opposite sides of the country now since she went to California. I was a cheater, a woman beater, a liar, etc. I used to come on this subreddit and advise other people to go through with killing themselves. I would try to mess up other people's relationships. I have 3 stab wound scars my chest area from when I tried to stab myself in the heart at 16 years old. Just a month ago, I had a noose hanging in my closet and was serious about ending it. Despite applying to jobs, I'm still unemployed and I still live with my mom.. but guess what....

The Rose That Grew From Concrete

I still made it out the fire and I'm glad that I didn't kill myself. I now realize that I do have a purpose in this life. I now realize that things CAN get better. Things won't get better if you say that wont. And with this new mindset that I've adopted, I now realize that I'm not a waste of space. I realize that I'm actually a blessing to this society. I'm a gift to this world. Whereas before I used to sulk in my bedroom and stay in the house all day, I go outside and I work out at a local playground. I write and record music. I still don't have a job, but I'm scheduled to do a physical test tomorrow because I applied to become a police officer. If I pass that test, I'll get an interview. And I just went out and bought some new dress shoes and I'm feeling really good about life. I got a new haircut and I'm feeling really good about myself now. On Oct. 19, I'll be security at a domestic violence event. On top of that, I admitted to my wife that I was the reason why our marriage failed. We actually became friends again and we can talk to each other without arguing. As you can see, things are going a lot better in my life... but how did I get to this point?  I'm going to tell you how to get out of the situation you're in by telling you how I was able to get out of my situation. 

How I Made It Out The Fire &amp; How You Can To

When you're depressed and suicidal, you don't think clearly. It seems as if things will never get better. It appears as if nobody cares. It appears like you're a waste of people's time and space. It seems like you don't really have a purpose. All these negative things are just illusions that your mind create. And illusions can appear to be very real, when they really aren't. The dark feelings are real, but the circumstances aren't always real. Somebody may say "Everybody has different circumstances", which is very true. We all have different reasons for wanting to kill ourselves... it may be because your lover left you or because you're physically disabled. But two things we all have in common is our lives being filled with negative energy and a lack of hope that things will get any better. 

The things that helped me to get out of depression and my suicidal mindset were :

1. \- Reaching out to other people : I was very open with my plans to take my life. I was determined to do it and it was obvious that nothing was going to stop me this time. But I've been an open person and someone who shares his personal life anyway because I just didn't care about what people had to say about it. My family knew about it and my friends knew. When I went to my sister and told her, I was called selfish and told that I was just seeking attention. She also called me a coward. The noose hanging in my closet disagreed with her, but she didn't know it was there and she didn't know I was serious.. Luckily, there were other people I had already reached out to who listened and gave me great advice.. it just wasn't enough to stop me from going through with it because my determination was too strong.... but it did contribute to me getting out of that mindset eventually.
2. \-Prayer : You may be thinking, "Really? Wtf is praying gonna do?", but you'd be surprised. I don't follow any religion like Christianity, Islam, or anything like that. I don't believe in Jesus, but I do believe in God. And when you're at your lowest and there's literally no glimpse of hope, who are you going to call? A therapist? Yourself? The police? A mental hospital so that they can give you some pills that aren't going to work? I'm not saying that you HAVE to believe in God and I'm not here to convince you that God is real. But just pray about it. Even if you don't believe in God or feel like you're wasting time, just pray about everything and ask God to help you to get out of the situation that you're in. What else do you have to lose? It doesn't hurt to try and if you're like me, you'll be surprised when it actually works. Throughout my last suicidal phase, I prayed to God about everything. I talked to God like God is anybody else. I told God about my problems and I asked God for help. For the most part, I felt like God was ignoring me and I'd get frustrated. Sometimes I'd curse at God, only to come back and ask for help again. Throughout this, I was practicing tying a slipknot and where to put the noose on my neck. Again, everyone has their own reason for why they wish to die.. My main reason was because I was still unemployed. Plus, not having had a father in my life, I still didn't know what the answer to being a man was and I told God, "If my idea of what being a man is all about is wrong, please tell me the correct answer." About a week later, I placed in an application to work at a local Gaming store and told others that I was going to kill myself at the end of September if I wasn't hired. I was determined to go through with it. Then one night I had a dream that it was a beautiful day and out of nowhere a tornado formed and picked me up off of the ground and the dream ended with my still in the tornado. Shortly after I woke up, it's like the answer to all of my problems hit me out of nowhere (no pun intended- like the tornado). It was like not knowing the answer to 2 +2, but suddenly knowing that the answer is 4 without anyone telling you. It was a miracle. I suddenly knew what the exact definition of a man is. A man isn't somebody who acts tough or who can have sex with lots of women; nor is he somebody who has a bunch of money. A man is somebody who does the right thing with good intentions. His aim is to do good for the world and there's so many ways he can do it. And once I knew the definition of what a man is, this was enough to give me hope to live. Immediately, I no longer wanted to kill myself or die because I had discovered my true purpose in life.
3. Doing The Right Thing With Good Intentions : I'm going to go back to a point that I was trying to make earlier. Earlier, I stated that people have different reasons and circumstances for wanting to end their lives... but one thing that all have in common is that our lives are filled with negativity. When I was suicidal and filled with negativity, I gave away negativity to other people. I had a YouTube channel and I used to make videos where I'd say some of the most hateful stuff. I'd say racist stuff. Instead of taking responsibility for my mindset, I'd blame other people. I see it all the time here. A bunch of selfish people who blame the world for their problems--- and no, I'M NOT SAYING THAT SUICIDAL PEOPLE ARE SELFISH FOR WANTING TO COMMIT SUICIDE (before a moderator comes along and assumes I'm calling all suicidal people selfish). I'm saying that they are selfish because they tend to focus on blaming the world for their problems instead of giving to the world. They succumb to their darkness and loathe in their negativity instead of doing good for others. They complain and typically don't get up and TRY to fix it. On top of all this, they typically come on here and tell other people how they are a waste of space and how they're good for nothing and call themselves a loser. If you call yourself a loser, what difference would it make if I call you one? If you call yourself a nobody, then you ARE  a nobody because you're you and that's the illusion that you choose to see of yourself. The only way you'll stop being a loser and a nobody is when you choose to stand up and do something about it and I'm here to tell you how I was able to stop being a loser and a nobody : When your life is full of negativity, give positivity to other people. Earlier I stated that a man is somebody who does the right things with good intentions. Since I know this, I willingly go outside and I pick up litter off of the ground because my intent is to save the environment- the plants and the animals. I pray for other people (especially people who have harmed me some way in the past) with the intent of God blessing them. I come on this subreddit to give advice to suicidal people with the intent to give them hope and to save lives. I've continued to do this and I can already FEEL the negativity in my life being replaced with love. Sometimes I come on here and as I try to give hope to someone who's at their lowest, tears come to my eyes because I'm praying that God will help me to come up with words that will help that individual to change his mind because I know what that individual is capable of even through the computer screen when they don't know. Just earlier today, I offered to give a ride to somebody who I saw walking because I wanted to help them to get there quicker. The guy declined my offer, but it still added more positivity into my life. 

&amp;#x200B;

CONCLUSION

Take my advice and things CAN get better if you allow them to. Some suicidal people hear the advice, but don't actually  listen to it. Some believe that things will never get better, so things don't get better. Some believe that they will never amount to being anything other than a loser, so a loser is what they are until they finally stand up and decide to do something about it. 

"Oh, I don't do anything productive with my life. I feel like a loser"-  SO GO OUTSIDE AND GIVE SOMEBODY A HUG WHO LOOK LIKE THEY NEED ONE. THAT'S BEING PRODUCTIVE. 

"Oh, I have anxiety. I'm scared to go outside and talk to people" - Sometimes it takes courage in order to climb a mountain. Start small. Go out and say hey to someone. Then the next day, try having a conversation and so on. Practice may not make perfect, but it will definitely get you to a better place than where you are now.

My advice can only do so much. One has to WANT for his life to get better and has to do something about it. You can't expect for your body to get clean in the shower if you just stand there looking up at the shower head thinking about donuts lol. A dirty room isn't going to clean itself. 

I hope and pray that this post can change somebody's life... And if it doesn't change somebody's life, maybe it can cause the spark that can lead to your life changing and going in that positive direction.