i don’t know if i can make iti don’t know what number i’m on right now. i think this might be my fourth post? i always come back to this subreddit. don’t know why. sorry about that.

some background info: i’m 17 years old and in my senior year of high school. this years been going absolutely terribly. i decided in december i was gonna plan my suicide date in early february for a couple of reasons i wont get into.

on friday i was called into my guidance counselors office. hes a really nice guy and i like him a lot. he mostly asked me about setting up a time for taking my civics test but also asked if everything was okay because my grades dropped really bad. i told him i was fine and that senioritis just set in early. he asked me to meet with him again on monday to follow up.

after i left, a teacher i really love and trust stopped me in the hall and asked me about my college applications. see, she wrote one of my letters of recommendation and the sight we use to upload college apps lets her see if i’ve applied with it to any college. she asked why it still says i havent applied and i lied and said i wasnt sure and that id ask my guidance counselor about it. i haven’t done a single application. i stoppt seeing the point after a while.

anyways this all kinda broke me because i’ve been avoiding the crushing guilt of my subpar worl ethic and performance as of late. i ran into my friend and she could see something was wrong and asked me what was up. and i broke down right then and there. i told her everything, including about how i had a suicide date planned in two weeks and that i havent turned in any college apps because of that, that i had everything figured out and i was going to go through with it.

she was about to take me to the school psychologist right then and there but i begged her not to. we both know i’d most likely be hospitalized and as stupid as this fucking sounds i had a concert i wanted to go to this weekend. im not even going anymore because of the ridiculous snow. i know she didnt want to postpone it but she said the day we get back to school she’s taking me. 

but now my report card came in and im freaking the fuck out. im having a breakdown and i know im being dramatic but i feel like i cant do this anymore. my parents are gonna be so fucking pissed at me (btw i love them a lot, theyre not abusive or anything. just disappointed in me). im finding it harder and harder to wait, but i know my friend will blame herself forever if i go through with it today.

i don’t know why i’m saying this. i’m tetering on the edge and i’m scared. i’m just so scared. 

sorry for the length.