HelloHello everyone. I don't frequent this subreddit, so I'll start this post off with an introduction. I'm Ambasea, a young writer whose current project is The Language of Stories, an interactive story hosted in a Discord server. The story is divided into three parts, or "chapters", and the first two have been completed, but I'm really considering cancelling the third.

I absolutely despise my story. Don't get me wrong, I love working on it. I love writing it. I love drawing the illustrations and characters. But because I'm the one who's creating it, I cannot bring myself to see anything about it as even remotely half-decent.

As I said earlier, it's an interactive story, so the audience interacts with the characters. At the beginning, there were about ten participants, and that made me really happy, as this is my first project that I've released into the world and not just kept to myself. I've been getting to know my audience members really well, and we've all become friends. But now, there are only four people who are participating/reading up on what happens. No matter what anyone says, I can't believe that anyone actually enjoys it. The people who are participating are just doing it because I'm their friend. I hate myself, and I hate my work, too. I don't see any reason to keep at it anymore because I haven't improved in the eight years I've made up stories. 

Not only have I failed to create anything meaningful, but I've also failed to create anything even half-decent. I know that creates always hate their work. But I feel guilty even calling myself a "creator" or an "author" because just attaching that label to myself and putting myself in those groups is a huge insult to everyone who's actually created something good. 

I hate this world, and I hate myself most of all. I’d say I’m on the verge of suicide, but I’d never kill myself because I’m religious. 

But you know what? Maybe it's not my fault. Maybe it's the audience's fault. ...Is it? Is it mine? I don't know anymore.