Tonight I will kill myselfAs of 2:45 AM on February 22nd i've started my first dose of tylenol with codeine I'm going to enjoy the "buzz" for an hourish before I up the doses. I wanted to post on here and let out everything because I cannot in my personal life kind of like a last message sort of thing. I decided to end it last night after my safe was broken into at my office and emptied with literally every piece of money I have to my name on wednesday (was switching banks and I dont have insurance on the money). In there was my rent, car payment, hydro, water phone everything so instead of being homeless and fucked I've came to the conclusion of ending it. I tried to contact my father for help but he hung up the phone on me ( we never had a relationship ) and I will not call my mother she's broke anyways but I was molested as a child by my older brother and she would never believe me and still treats him like a trophy its sickening and I was in the process of rebuilding my credit so a loan isnt an option totally fucked. I go to therapy for all my personal issues including that but other then my therapist I've never told anyone that. I'm 21 years old btw if anyone's wondering, I moved out on my own when I was 17 and have been on my own ever since. I had a beautiful caring girlfriend of 3 years but I ended it cause of my mental health. I suffer from depression, minor bi-polar, anxiety the whole shabang I've been handling it very well with meds but this just did it. I would like to say to the world thank you for the stay its been a wild ride and to my ex I hope this wont hurt you that much but if it does I will always love you and take care. To my brother ( not the bad one ) I know you will be the one that finds me I just want you to know I appreciate everything you've done for me and hope you can move on in life I know you will never forget me but just so you know I love you and take care of my cat or I will haunt you and sell all my stuff for the funeral. To all you other assholes who will probably show up to my funeral fuck you and I dont like any of you anyways. This is where I depart gonna eat some pizza and watch a movie and slowly move up my dose. Goodbye world this place sucks anyways.