My best friend is in a suicidal relationship, I want to help but don’t know howMe and my friend grew up as kids and were very close, but then he had to move away. Fast forward about 15 years later we managed to get in touch, in fact we found each other through a video game, believe it or not. It turns out I missed a lot from him, his brother committed suicide not too many years later when he moved away from me. We live states apart and stay in touch everyday via social media and text messaging. He’s been telling me that one of his ex-girlfriends stays in touch with him all the time and is really obsessive and actually very suicidal over him. 

My friend wants to live his life but can’t escape his ex-girlfriend who manages to contact him again and again. She tried to commit suicide numerous times on him as a way to sort-of own him and very often he would have to pick her up from the hospital bc no one is really there for her. 

A little backstory from his ex is that she likes to cosplay. Her parents have quite a bit of money so she just leeches off from them to feed her hobbies and obsessive tendencies. Her parents have kind of neglected her, and my friend didn’t really see this coming. She’ll tear up beds and break her own furnitures when she’s ignored and tells my friend “look what you made me do.” and even get new phone numbers when he’s blocked her old ones. She’ll however, replace all this with her parents money. 

My friends backstory, when his brother committed suicide he put some of the blame on himself for not being there when he couldn’t. He ignores his crazy ex, but is traumatized by his brothers death that he feels he can’t abandon her either, because he feels responsible making sure she doesn’t kill herself when he couldn’t be there for his brother back then. He’s stuck between redeeming himself and trying to move forward. 

He is cautious and too scared to give her help because he knows his ex will kill herself if he finds a way to separate her from him for good. Being the only one who he confides this to, I want to do the right thing as his friend but also don’t want destroy our friendship. 

My questions:
What is the best thing I can do to consolidate my friend and be able to push him in the best possible direction? 

What should he do to escape all this? 

Is there a safe way out? Or will something like this hurt him, me, and everyone involved?

What would you do if you can’t escape someone who’s answer is to kill themselves?

And how can his ex girlfriend get the help she needs in order to help herself and leave my best friend alone?