When the feather weighs a ton.The final straw, the last laugh, and the deciding factor are not always extremely significant or greatly impactful things. They are simply the culmination of a burden that one can bear no longer. All the small things add up. The demon that has been fought for years or decades has grown beyond the capacity for defeat. Am I to blame for this? Does it even matter? 

My life has been a myriad of mental wars. Childhood abuse (sexual, physical, and emotional) were buried so I could face the world and try to make a better life for myself. A marriage plagued by mistreatment and mental abuse bore the fruit of two wonderful children. They are grown now and since I finally found the courage to leave their mother I completely lost communication with one and the other is a few words a day if I am lucky. 

The hopefully me allowed myself to fall in love again. I love my wife, but the little white lies, veiled intentions, and twists of fault never seem to cease. I feel as though no matter how much good I do or how hard I try to make everything the best it can be, I am a failure. Opening doors, treating her like a queen, cooking and cleaning, working multiple jobs, and doing all within my ability to make our home amazing seems to not be enough. I am not enough. My heart is shattered because she knows my past and is undeterred in doing the things she knows hurt me the most. I am a great husband, but it is never enough. 

Again I find myself staring into the depths of the demon’s eyes. Back to the beckoning call of each moment showing a way out of this meaningless existence. Back to knowing that it wouldn’t matter if the semi slammed into me, if I fell from the cliff, if I took the bullet, if the pills all disappeared, or if my wrists cried as I do. Last night, while she took a bath (lots of those as of late), after yet another failure on my part I took a walk. I’m so unnoticed in my own home that a 10pm wall on a rainy night doesn’t even register. I stared at the ocean and thought about who would miss me if I were able to walk out and never return. Sadly, the ocean roared back with the same empty answer that I have always known. When I cease this existence nothing will change. My phone will still be silent, my funeral will be as big a lie as my life, and every false tear shed will be an attempt that was never made to be a friend. 

I have all of the options , means, and will. Now I simply have to make my decision. I can no longer fight my demon because he is the only one that has never left me or changed.