I need helpI haven't been doing good for years but the last 2 I have been getting worse and worse. I have severe OCD, I can't leave my house alone and with my husband only sometimes. These last 2 years we have been living in a new country where we had to move due to my husband's job. I really don't like it here since the place has been terrible for my OCD. I'm not gonna say I was fine earlier but in the previous city I could manage to go out by myself sometimes, at least once a week to see my therapist. While restricted I had more of a life. Here the only place I see is the supermarket once a week if I'm lucky. We can't move because I can't get a job right now, I couldn't finish my degree due to my OCD and my husband didn't finish school either but landed a very good job in a niche industry and he couldn't get a job in that back at home. So for the time being we are forced to stay here.

2 weeks ago we travelled to the US and it was an incredible experience. While getting there was very hard and on the days leading up to the trip I wasn't sure I would make it, I knew it was important to my husband and used all my strength to get on that plane. Once there everything changed. I had a life, I could go out, see the world, eat at restaurants... I barely spent any time in the hotel. For someone that spends every hour but 2 per week inside a tiny flat, it was incredible. I felt alive again, I felt as good as someone with severe OCD can. 

Unfortunately like all trips it came to an end and coming back to my regular life has been incredibly hard. I know I can't leave this place and that this would be my life for a few years at least and it just doesn't seem like something I can do anymore. I wouldn't ask my husband to drop everything go back home and try to figure it out. It doesn't seem fair to him. So the only solution seems to be ending it all. I could escape this prison, this pain. I could give my husband his freedom back, not having to look after me all the time. I don't want to do it, I much rather feel like I did one week ago, but that's not how life works. It doesn't matter how much I want something I will always have OCD and my life will be different shades of bad. I don't know, I can't stop thinking about it. I was awake the 2 last nights thinking about it and how it seems to be the best choice for me.