Nobody is realI never thought I would write something like this, but here I am writing it.  I just need to get these feelings out somehow into the universe.  I guess I think it may somehow help.  Maybe the universe will see that it has won this battle and move on to someone else.  That sounds incredibly selfish to me to even think, since I type it knowing that I live in a first-world country while so many live in conditions I would call unbearable.  There are different kinds of suffering though, right?  Maybe, in that sense, I don't have to feel so selfish.

I've been thinking about killing myself more and more lately.  I've thought a lot about why that is more than how I would do it, and it is because I feel like such a waste of effort.  I was born into a cult most have probably heard of: Jehovah's Witnesses.  My parents divorced when I was young enough that I don't remember it, and my early childhood was living with my mother--who had custody of me--and visiting my dad as allowed by the courts.  Back then, my dad would often not come get me at all.  I spent those nights crying myself to sleep, wondering why he didn't want to see me.  Looking back, that feels like it was the theme of my childhood: not feeling wanted.  I don't believe that I was a planned child, and, from what I remember, I feel that my mother wanted to do what was right by me.  I believe now, though, that that was a sense of duty more than one of compassion.

My dad eventually did start picking me up on schedule.  If he could not make it for some reason, my grandparents would show up.  I wouldn't always enjoy those visits though.  I still had a sense of not being welcome, and wasn't really sure why.  Eventually my dad met my step mother, which is when things really changed.  I wouldn't understand this at the time, but she was definitely the best thing to happen to my dad.  We didn't get along at first because of all the tension between my mom and dad and all that.  I believe now though that she was my advocate all along.  It wasn't until some years after he met her that my dad started, I think, to actually want to spend time with me.  But it was too late by then because I had become a teen.  I always wondered why he even picked me up and what had changed.  I believed it was at least possible he did want me there.  Much later, as an adult, I found out that my uncle (the family tough guy), upon having enough of my crying myself to sleep, paid a visit to my dad.  So, none of it was legitimate after all.  It was just that he was threatened.

The theme of my life is not being wanted.  I eventually met someone and fell in love.  This was after a series of bad experiences with love.  I had pretty much given up.  One day, she told me that she loved me and I felt my whole view on life change for the first time.  This was my opportunity to be with someone I didn't have to doubt really wanted me.  We were both in the cult together.  We did get married and, together, we realized it was a cult and got out.  That carries with it some considerable losses.  The Jehovah's Witnesses practice very harsh shunning, so we would lose all of our alleged friends.  More false attachments in my eyes--friendships that were conditional upon believing in some organization.

One day, my wife told me she wanted a divorce because she wanted to be with someone else.  We are actually still together.  That period in our lives passed and we are still married, but now the only relationship that I had to believe was legitimate exists in the same shadow of doubt as every other relationship I have.  A totally different topic is that she does not feel any physical attraction to me at all. I'm not sure what we are even doing together to be honest.  To me it seems it's only out of necessity.  If either one of us were to leave, the other could not afford life.  At any rate, I no longer believe in this relationship any more than I have these others I've mentioned.

As far as my job goes, I have had many.  I went from job to job as a Jehovah's Witness but, having gotten out, I eventually stumbled on work that was closest to what I would enjoy.  Jehovah's Witnesses do not believe in college, and have gone so far as to have one of their leaders say that the better the university is, the more dangerous it is.  In this way they rob you of your very potential as a person.  Somehow they are not liable for this--I checked.  I am not exaggerating when I say that I think I may be nearly genius level when it comes to working with a computer.  I can learn to do anything with them that I set my mind to doing.  I can solve problems in ways that nobody else that I work with or know would ever think to do.  I believe I had a lot of potential to be something if I'd been allowed the opportunity--but it was stolen from me.

Things were going very well where I work for a bit.  It seemed like someone higher up was recognizing me and what I can do.  A position was being dangled in front of me where I would get to code solutions to problems, which I would love.  I worked very hard in my position due to someone actually noticing what I was capable of, but this came to an end.  I found out that the client I work for had requested I no longer be in my position, but my boss never told me.  Instead they manipulated me into making a decision myself to switch shifts without ever actually telling me that someone had decided they didn't want me around.  Then I eventually made them even more mad, which of course would happen since I don't know how mad they are to begin with, and they removed my from my position entirely.  There is more to it than that, and it is all very suspicious; but, what can I do about it?  It's just more evidence of dishonesty.  I was made to believe that I was wanted and appreciated, and it was a lie that literally cost me my job.  Naturally, I'm not hearing any more about this alleged coding position.

So, here I am.  Looking back on my life and firmly believing that not only was it a waste in every way, it will never be anything.  I always wanted kids and a family.  I wanted to have the family that I was denied in childhood as an adult.  I am not going to get that.  I'm with a woman who doesn't love me, there's no future at my job, I have no family, and I just don't feel any point to going on any more.  Whatever is on the other side of death cannot be worse.  It is either a new experience where things can be better, or it is nothing at all.  I feel more and more that is a door I should just go through because there just isn't anything legitimate in my life worth staying here for.

Now I am going to post this on a random alt account to get it into the universe, and reddit is going to tell me I can't for some reason or a bot is going to remove it because it isn't following some stupid made up rule.  And nobody is going to see it and I don't care.  I've at least gotten my feelings out.