My roommateI want to start off by saying that I am not suicidal but I have something to get off of my chest that has been bothering me for a while. Six months ago I was living with three roommates. I shared a room with one of them and we became close quickly and hung out all of the time. I was always there when she needed to vent to me about her boyfriend, her boss or our other roommates and I was always happy to help and listen to her. I realized that I liked her and wanted to be her friend. One night we drank too much, I drank more then she did and she went to her bed. I asked her if I could climb into bed with her and she said yes. I ended up touching her inappropriately by reaching down her pants and touching her there. She was responsive and did not ask me to stop. I got sick shortly after and went to the bathroom to throw up. Shortly after I realized what had happened and I started crying and she sat up in bed and asked if I was okay. I brought up what happened and she said it was okay this time but next time not so much. I spent the whole rest of the night awake sitting and thinking and feeling so much guilt. I thought I had let her down and that I was a horrible person. I couldn't understand how I was taking this harder than she was. Two weeks passed and the two of us still hung out all the time and things seemed normal, nothing changed. Then one night she was out with her boyfriend and they took ecstasy and she told him everything and then told my other roommates. The other two girls talked to me without my roommate and told me I needed to leave and I had a breakdown that night. I was very confused as to why she never told me how she really felt. I wondered if the last two weeks were all a lie and she was just trying to pretend things were normal and hiding her true feelings or if she didn't mind what happened but just let it slip while she was on drugs. I moved out the next day but I am still haunted by what happened to this day. My friends, my family, and even a therapist told me that what happened was beyond my control and that I was too drunk to know what I was doing and that we were both guilty. But sometimes I doubt that and since I cared about her the thought that I could have hurt her in any way kills me. I just wish I had answers.