One sentence, one hard hit.Hello fellow brothers. Yesterday I happened to read an article on the news about australian Lucas Fowler and american Chynna Deese, who were murdered while travelling together through Canada last week.

&amp;#x200B;

There was a sentence pronounced by the family of Lucas that hit me like a brick. And is as follows:

 

&gt;*"We have lost our dear Lucas Fowler, son, brother,  grandson and friend in the most terrible of circumstances.* ***To lose  someone so young and vibrant, who was travelling the world and just  enjoying life to the full, is devastating****," the family said.*

&amp;#x200B;

Now, while we know that when people are in shock they have more chances of saying something not so adequate because they cannot think clearly, this particular sentence has some horrific dark connotations that   us here can catch at lightning-speed, unfortunately.

To lose someone "young" and "vibrant" is devastating, because he just came into this world, and did not had the time to experience all the marvelous opportunities awaiting for him out there. All his life was before him, he could have been become someone greater, a sucessful businessman, go out, party, have friends, form a loving family, become a renowned doctor, grow and learn, and now he cannot.

What about the depressed and suicidal individual, that perpetuates its misery since childhood? What about the socially awkward that is so afraid to talk to people that he misses opportunities of growth in high school and university, only to find out when he is 40, that not only is he yet a virgin not-by-choice, but has no friends, no pleasant life experiences, the only thing he does is work, eat, sleep and mindlessly dooze off to TV or videogames, and only looking back at his past, he can summarize his life as "gripped by worry, anxiety, and depression"? Then it would not be so bad if this same man died 20 years before? If you were going to tell this man: "Hey dude, your life is going to look like this shit in 20 years", we can be almost certain the man would have taken his own life himself. Only the expectations of hope for change kept him alive all these years.

If the guy is "travelling the world" and "enjoying life to the full", then it is devastating if he dies because he appreciates life and what it offers to him, he is travelling because he has this curiosity and willing to know other cultures, grow, meet new people... 

And yet, what about the man with crippling depression, whose energy is sucked every single day, barely going through the day with enough energy to survive its life-sucking job, with just enough money for bills and food, and is only looking forward to the weekend so he can just feel a moment of relif until next Monday? Travelling? Enjoying life? When your mind is so fucked up that all your energies go to surviving depression, addiction, and anxiety, there is no more space for growing experiences. Then, would it be okay if this man were to die? Since he is not living life, and has no apparent willing to have fun, would it be less devastating?

Just what the hell is happening here?

We have the same right as anybody else to be happy. We just happened to have a set of circumstances, biological, circumnstancial, environmental, that have made us the broken individuals that we are today. But even so, we do not deserve to die, we do not want to die, what we want is just a relief of this neverending nightmare that is being in our mind.

I almost cried when I read that because there are some people that do not care anymore to live because they have been dead inside from a long time. I wanted you to know that you are not alone, nobody taught us to live, and we did a miserable job at it, but we did the best we could with out limitations. Let's just keep trying one more day for the hopes of a better tomorrow.

If you have survived until now while coping with your mind's nightmarish thoughts, then pat yourself in the back because you are made of fucking steel. My heartfelt thanks to you for keeping to fight at my side.

Peace.