I want to die but I'm afraid of sufferingEver since I was little, I've always felt disconnected from the world. Humanity is disgusting, and it's very difficult for me to connect with others even on superficial levels. I've tried to befriend dozens of people over the years and I eventually always become bored or disgusted with them once I get to know them. Or they just become sick of me and drop me. I don't like people who try to understand me. I'm a very private person, so when people try to psychoanalyze me it's awful. I don't feel like a person. I've never felt right in my body, but I have nothing to complain about in my life. Depression just hit me like a freight train when I was around 10 or 11 and I've never been the same for almost a decade now. It's not even a sadness. It's a never-ending emptiness. Nothing in life is fulfilling. I just want to die all the time. I've been raised in a super religious family and death was never a taboo subject. Since I was a toddler, learning about the afterlife and death was so normal. Maybe that's why I'm so fucked. I never felt like I could be true friends with anyone because I was so preoccupied with death and the afterlife. While people were talking about crushes and having fun in high school, I would think about how I was going to prepare for my death every day. It's torture. I wish I was born ignorant of the world and what may come after. My head is in such turmoil every day and I just want to die, but I don't want to die in pain or suffering. I just want to blink and it be over. I used to pray almost everyday since I was a kid that I'd die young. I have dreams all the time about dying, and each time I feel so much at peace that when I wake up I'm disappointed it hasn't ended. I don't want to be a burden to others after I die. I'm so exhausted. Therapy has made me feel worse and talking to others is so shitty. They never understand. I also have misophonia which makes my everyday a living hell but no one cares. Of course they don't. Why were we put on this earth just to suffer? It's so unfair. No one asked for this. I'm so terrified I'm going to suffer in the grave and the afterlife. There's nothing I can do. I didn't ask to be born into this.