What else can I do?Before I begin....
This is a long post &amp; I hope you take the time to read this. I need help. 

I think I’m a very rational person. I understand the impact of suicide and how it will affect those who are connected to me. 

But, I am not feeling myself. I honestly believe I have peaked as a human. I hope writing this out to a community of strangers, may help find me some relief in the constant tightness I feel in my chest. Maybe there is someone out there who can relate with what I’m going through. 

Since I’ve hit my 30s, my life is starting to reflect my mistakes. Yesterday I’ve moved back in with my parents. 

There are no pictures of me of the last 6 years of my life. I lost a lot of confidence in myself. As a 32 year old female, I starting balding. I can see my scalp more and more each day. Even taking my showers makes me depressed. As I run my fingers through my hair, it just doesn’t stop falling out. I don’t want to go out anymore. I don’t want to be in the sun without a hat. My hair loss has definitely wrecked my confidence. 

I’m trying to take my depression into my own hands. I exercise about 4-5 days a week. I can see a positive change in my body (even friends who haven’t see me in awhile can tell). But at the end of the day, I just don’t want to be alive anymore. I feel like I don’t have anything to offer. I recklessly put myself in debt. Which has hindered my ability to buy a home of my own. I watch my friends buy their first homes and share their lives with their significant others. 

I have put up such a wall around myself. I haven’t dated or had sex with anyone in over 5 years. I tell myself I’m okay with being by myself. But there is always going to be a emptiness. 

This may sound weird, but I’m oddly okay with wanting to end my life. It’s just how it will affect my family and friends that is keeping here. They will heal over time... but I can’t put the fast forward button on that. 

I’m just tired of feeling this way. Tired of crying. Tired of being me. 

I am not religious. But I’m have tried looking for some sort of guidance through God. It has not been what I thought it would be. Would God speak to me? Would the tightness in my chest be lifted once I accepted God into my life?

What else can I do?