i’m miserable.using a throwaway account. I’m 18 years old and have struggled with depression and anxiety most of my teenage years. last september i moved out for university and have been drastically improving mentally since then. My life at home was completely fine, i just needed the change of scenery/a new friend group i think. 

so yeah. i’ve been doing pretty well up until now. i think i’m at the worst i’ve ever been. i haven’t left my room in days. My boyfriend and i are in a long distance relationship at the minute (started in person but he had to go for a cool job opportunity), he’s been gone for almost 3 months now. i guess this is where i should say he’s made me the happiest i’ve ever been, and because of this i base a lot of how i’m feeling on him. i love him a lot, and it’s scary. 

i know he probably doesn’t mean it, and it’s impossible to truly tell over text and calls, but things have felt...wrong on his side for the last couple days. and it has just eaten away at my brain to the point where i’m in a constant state of paranoia. i’ve fucked up. he hates me. he’s tired of me. he’s going to break up with me. 

i’ve always had the “he’s too good for me” feeling in our relationship. i truly dont believe i deserve anyone as brilliant as he is, which really just enforces this fear that he’ll leave. i cant imagine life without him anymore. i know it’s stupid to think that way, as well. i’m usually pretty independent and chill, but this rough spell has really shaken me. 

on top of that i’m struggling in university, i do a creative course so it relies on my motivation to make art. i have had none for a while now. i’m falling behind and i’m terrified of the consequences. i have no idea how to get myself up to speed with everything. all of it is team work, so yeah, i’ve been that asshole who doesn’t pull their weight, which is making it hard to reach out to my lecturers. 

i know i could talk to my boyfriend about this problem, but i talk about my bad days with him every time i have them, it’s probably really repetitive and just burdens him, which is the last thing i want to do...especially when he’s done absolutely nothing wrong. 

i’ve found myself falling into alcohol and substance abuse to feel numb. i’ve never done anything more than weed in my life but ended up taking ketamine last night while having a bad breakdown. i’m ashamed of myself. 

TLDR: i just want to die. i just want to kill myself. i hate how selfish it all is, but i can’t deal with this anymore. i was doing so well for so long and now i’m back to square one. what’s the point in carrying on when everything always comes back just as bad as before. i’m miserable. 
