doomedI'm 27 years old and I am facing my first drunk driving offense with the added kick in the pants of high bac. I know that in and of itself is trivial it's more the events that led to it and the social ramifications I know will ensue. I've always battled depression anxiety and anger issues and since I was old enough I started self medicating. I was addicted to heroin for years and then alchohol. I've had a recent period of peacefulness where my drinking was under control. I was in what I thought was a meaningful long term relationship and was taking steps to re-enroll in college to find purpose outside of my partner and really only friend. As you may have guessed it ended poorly he cheated and lied and snuck around for a while and it was dragged on untill the weekend before my first day back at college where I was planning on studying engineering. I crashed hard. I had moved back to my hometown for this person and gave up my life in lieu of a relationship and felt all the decisions I made including school weren't for myself but for this facade of a relationship that I was clinging too because it was the first time i felt content. I had isolated myself and felt i had no friends of my own and had burned bridges when i essentially chose this person over my best friend and our life together.  I stayed in school for about 2 weeks but had a nearly impossible time making it through my classes without melting down. I began drinking heavily and cruising dating apps for flings and meaningless drunken sex. Really just trying not to be alone with my thoughts. Sounds bad but it was helping me stay hopeful enough to not commit suicide then. I made a few real connections and started to feel I was working on establishing a circle in this big lonely city. I changed my major and enrolled for spring semester. I chose an easier major where I had credits already because I decided I wanted a degree but not the stress. I'm a perfectionist and I hold myself to ridiculously high standards so anything besides an A crushes me. I was feeling pretty good that I got my life back on track sooner than I expected. Then i made the fatal mistake of contacting my ex. He wasnt with the person he had an affair with anymore (shocker they were much younger and a coworker). I slept with him. Kept doing it. Actually felt ok about it that we were sexually compatible and I had a hard time finding that elsewhere. I felt I no longer wanted to be with him romantically but I missed my best friend and the sex. Blah blah blah. Got too drunk at a concert blacked out maybe got in a fight maybe slept with someone I have no idea. But I got arrested for drunk driving. I'm going to lose my license and freedom for a year. I'm back to being isolated from the few people who were helping and cant drink to cope. I've used alchohol to combat social anxiety and I really dont believe I can overcome my fears without it. I also dont get along with many people and certainly not sober cookie cuttertypes. I feel I'm back where I was a few months ago only less in control. I won't be able to leave my home to meet people or drink to ease the tension. I cant even drive into nature or to wholesom activities. I'm about to be forced into reclusedom. A place I've been many times and never want to be again. I feel totally alone and I'm terrified of how I'll be able to get through this. I've already started cutting again a thing I havent done in a long time. My rage and anxiety and depression are through the roof. I feel like I'm finally facing the reality of my nature without the numbing effects of drugs and alchohol and it's incredibly volatile. I know its partially withdrawal but it's also inner me rearing its ugly head. The main point is I have no one to help and I feel hopeless about my prospects of ever finding anyone again. My only support is my ex who is part of the whole problem to begin with and it's doing my head in. I feel like this is it for me. I cant sleep or eat or do anything I once enjoyed. I'm swinging from tears to rage to self harm on this seemingless endless pendulum. I really dont think I can make it a year. I'm questioning my will to live beyond that. Do I really want to go to school get a job I hate bounce from one shitty relationship to the next. It's all so grim. Idk that's a long tyraid. Theres so much more but jesus I should shut the fuck up already.