My confessionAt the beginning of my seventh semester, already riddled with the feeling of guilt for having my parents spend much money on my education, I took it upon myself to do whatever I can to recover it. I refrained from going out with friends; eating out, and I never went on trips with them. I started working online, earned enough to sustain myself and save a little for the future. 

An opportunity to save more arose when a internship opened up at a company. Upon consulting with my seniors, I learnt it was no good a company to work for. Even so I joined, for the monetary benefits that it provided. I would be paid a stipend and also the dormitory fees for the final semester would be returned. Little did I know what I was signing up to.

On my first day of joining, I immediately regretted my decision. The place was far off and the people, even more so. I travelled in public transport, many a time standing most of the journey, which took more than an hour and a half each way. With what little money I had left after all that was spent on travel, I bought gifts for my family. With all this travelling came the physical strain, and a chronic back ache. I put up with all this for more than five months, hoping that if I could make it six months, that would suffice, and I would then work on getting abroad. Little did I know that the hard part was yet to come.

Little did I know, that my very own parents, for whom I sacrificed so much would make me feel pain, more than I even experienced before. I always thought I could take pain. I was right, I could. There are two types of pain, the physical, and the mental. No one realises that the latter is much worse. 

I have sacrificed so much for them, and now when I need them the most, they turn on me. Treat me like a criminal for I am not working, not brining income, not putting money on the table. 

I have taken time out, to write GRE, IELTS, GATE and to learn German language. I know there isn't enough time. Yet, I am misunderstood, and taunted and harassed for not working. For not making money. I have no place at what I used to call my home. I am criticized for where I sit, and for using my laptop, and the wires that surround it. I am criticized for the way I sleep. A man needs two things in life to know he does not belong there; the lack of a place to live, and the lack of respect. I have neither here. I have contemplated ceasing to exist, but decided against it for the people that know me, and for my dream.

My own mother who I have come to despise, for her constant taunting, and chiding, and her narcissistic nature, has no love for me. Her anger issues and irritable nature has changed me, deepy and fundamentally. I have come to realise they value money more than anything else. 

For the past few months, depression has been lurking above my head like a dark cloud. And now I feel it has finally taken me over. I feel numb, devoid of all love and feeling. I have come to a point where I am beginning to wonder; Why should I go on?


