The note I've been keeping plus an update from today.I've been losing friends steadily since high school. Today I'm down to just two. Kevin and Jacob. Jacob doesn't like talking about my depression and just calls me a "pansy" when I try to get some things off my chest. He doesn't know how much that hurts me and I'm afraid to let him know because I risk losing yet another friend. Kevin listened a little better but all the advice he has for me is outside of my price range. I can't afford meds or therapy. I don't want to be alone any more but every time I try to get close to someone I repel them. I'm a downer. I want to find love and settle down but since I can't even hold a job and I'm not attractive, no one wants to be with me. I'd just be a burden. I haven't felt loved in so long. Most of my family has practically disowned me since I told them I'm gay. Even the ones I were closest to.

During elementary school I was very good at math and actually proud of it. I wanted to work for NASA or be some sort of scientist when I grew up and I've always had the dream of working with NASA. When I reached the 4th grade everything started going downhill. I would get the correct answer and then have no idea how to explain it so I got marked wrong. After a few more years I was so far behind that I couldn't keep up or understand anything that we were being taught. I failed many math classes and I almost didn't graduate high school because I barely "passed" with the minimum amount of math credits allowed even though I had A's in almost every other subject. I never made it to trigonometry or calculus. I had to take algebra every year through high school and I still didn't retain any information dispite trying 10x harder than the rest of my class. Fast forward to today and I'm still trying to learn the very same material (algebra) on Khan Academy. I still can't handle the most simple problems. I will start to understand it but the moment I change problems I have completely forgotten what to do. It's so frustrating that I can't help but cry and feel ashamed knowing I will never reach my dreams. I just want to learn normally and be able to make a decent enough score on the ACT to get into college and at least begin a career in conservation. I feel like an absolute idiot and a failure.

Many people absolutely hate talking to or being around me and I'm not sure why. People kick me out of their lives, block me, or ignore me all the time. I can't even talk to my own mom and sister about things I love to talk about. They won't listen to me and they're the only ones I can talk to anymore.  I can't even make friends on Xbox. No one wants to play games with me. I have no friends there either.

I've wanted to kill myself for a very long time. Since I was 15. The only reason why I never did was because I was always high on marijuana. It kept me smiling. Now I can't afford to buy it anymore and I'm addicted to it. I go through withdrawal when I do get some and then run out. I came home from St. Louis with $1000 and wasted all of it. Mostly on marijuana. I threw away the one opportunity that Kevin gave me to save up for a car or college. I'm ashamed and I don't deserve him as a friend. I just spend all day watching YouTube, Netflix, or just crying to myself and wishing I were dead. Kevin even offered to help me find a job in St. Louis but I'm so afraid of letting him down by failing again because my anxiety makes it so hard for me to hold a job. 

I don't have anything left to live for and I have no potential to turn my life around. I don't know what I will do once I can't live here anymore. I guess that's when I take my life.

Update: My depression went away for a long time! Almost half of a year. I've sort of relapsed though. I'm down to 0 friends now. Kevin has distanced himself from me since I wrote the top part of this note and now Jacob is moving away too. Not only that but I think he's mad at me too... Or just sick of dealing with my moodiness. I'm not sure. Either way, I'm completely alone now and I don't know how long I'll spend like this. I don't know how long I CAN spend like this. I had a date tomorrow that I was very excited for and that kept me feeling optimistic... He cancelled for a good reason but that's that. Another cancelled date. I don't have anything going for me now. I don't have anything.