Recurring thoughts and diabetesSo to start off, I am not currently having suicidal thoughts and am not in danger. I just need to flesh some things out, mainly in concern to my recurring suicidal thoughts. 

Okay, so I was diagnosed with Type 1 Diabetes last September, and have done excellently in handling it and staying healthy. However, it makes me feel like I can't be normal at times. Like I can't have a meal without worry, or go for a hike without first thinking of every little thing I might need to be safe and make sure I don't die. 

It can be really depressing, especially when diabetics aren't represented in popular film, media, games etc. part of me knows I can't have that normal life, but it still hurts a lot. 

Now I had suicidal thoughts before my diagnosis, but despite that I have a feeling that I won't ever kill myself. But when I'm in that moment, that dark place, it's tempting. It's why I have never owned a gun and never will. I'm scared that my impulsivity will kill me. 

However, my diabetes worries me because it offers a quick way out. A simple insulin overdose and I fall into sleep and don't wake up. It's frightening that I have that option and I'm worried that one day it may become too much and I may impulsively OD on the drug that's keeping me alive. 

The one thing that has always kept me from carrying out the act, is the image of my parents suffering, damaged and hurt from me killing myself. Every time I have a thought I'm reminded of it. So that reassures me but I don't know, the thoughts are still there. 

It's like a subtle flash of me ending it, or a brief reminder of how easy it would be. So far I've overcome, but I don't know for how long I will or if I can forever. 

Any advice or help, especially from fellow diabetics would be wonderful. 

EDIT: For context, I used to self harm and still have the burn marks on my left wrist. I don't deal with being alone well, that's usually when I'm at my worst. And I also am constantly dealing with self doubt as well as mild paranoia (like I doubt if my friends really are my friends sometimes, again mainly when I'm by myself) 

The diabetes diagnosis certainly hasn't helped much and my anxiety has been getting worse for about a year. 

UPDATE: No one is probably reading this anymore so I don't mind sharing that I tried to kill myself last Sunday. I lived, and I'm glad I did, but still. 

On the bright side a close friend talked with me about it after and revealed that she has gone through similar stuff (attempted suicide) and we are both determined to keep each other alive now, one way or another. So thank you for the support everyone, in the end it didn't matter since I guess I almost did it anyways, but it worked out for the best and for the first time in a while, I'm slightly hopeful for the future. 