I am suicidal. My best friend is suicidal.I saved my best friends life a few weeks ago when she tried to overdose on anxiety medication. She had one of our other friends drop her off- he thought I knew she took the pills, when really I thought the three of us were just hanging out at my place, like we always do. He told me to take her to a hospital if she gets any worse. She laid down on the kitchen floor.

I made her throw up the pills by drinking mustard mixed with water (something I looked up, I figured it would be better than drinking peroxide). I know it could have been much worse, but I panicked. Her parents don't even know she smokes cigarettes, they would freak out if they knew that happened. I also made her drink a lot of water and eat a bit. I tried to just do the right thing.

We do our best to support each other, but we are both suffer from anxiety and depression, as well as problems at home. Her home life is worse than mine at the moment, I guess, but I've been through some shit. 

My mother crashed my grandma's car the summer before my freshman year of high school in a drunken attempt to kill herself. She went to jail, suffered through being homeless, worked back up on her feet, got a job and apartment, and eventually worked back to being able to drive, and living in the place we do now. I already lived with my grandma at the time, and she let me stay with them during all of these events. I almost killed myself the night we got that phone call.

My parents separated when I was 11. They fought, violently, but that had been on and off since I was born, and even before that. We lived in this little trailer for 9 years, and I am an only child, so of course I just usually hid in my room when it started to get bad. But when I would get too scared, I sometimes ran out and screamed and tried to make them stop, but it never worked.

My parents also both have suffered through depression, and alcoholism. They have both been through mental institutions, rehabs, the works. It runs in my family.

There are really only 3 people in my family I talk to regularly. The rest I kind of pushed out of my life, and for good reason.

I started college a couple months ago. I began to regret going before it even started. The morning I woke up for orientation, I found out my mom rear ended someone, got a DUI, and other charges, and may be going back to jail. My dad said I can live with him, but he doesn’t have much money to support himself, let alone with me. 

I had to quit my last job about a month ago because of a nervous breakdown I had. I almost killed myself. The guy I was talking to said it wouldn’t work out. It didn’t matter the reasons. It didn’t matter it may have not been his fault. It was just the last straw. I know that I either was going to freak out at work and possibly kill myself, or quit until I can get myself together. 

I just got a new job a few days ago. I’ve already had an anxiety attack at work. I still want to die. I don’t know how much longer I can do this. I got prescribed Prozac a few days ago but for now I am still so hopeless.
