always anxiety, never a solutionedit: guess this is the part where no one responds. fuck this

even if i solve my short term anxieties (getting a job) there are always more that come up, and there are always my long term anxieties (massive student debt).

i went to job training today, i'm gonna be selling knives and shit for cutco, i'm personable enough so it's not really a problem. the thing is, i only moved here 7 years ago and my parents still don't really know anyone here, especially not any middle class families that might actually have money to buy this shit. and yet, i'm supposed to have 25 phone numbers before tomorrow. my trainer set me and another dude aside and said he wanted to get us into the leadership academy or whatever, and help us become managers some day, or something like that. i'm supposed to make 2k in my first 10 days which is like a dream for me, i could have a comma in my paycheck, EVERY paycheck.

how the fuck is that going to happen if i don't even make it through training? i should text this guy but i doubt he cares about my feelings, this is the real world, he wants results.

and yet since i left university and started attending community college, and actually even before then, every day i think about killing myself. the only thing that helped was weed and the only reason i haven't hardly smoked for 3 months is because i don't have any money.

sorry, this post is sort of all over the place, but i'm flipping out. the point is that there will always be short term anxieties. breathing techniques don't work, meditation is impossible because i can't clear my head, and it even if i could get it to work my problems are still there when i'm done.

all i want in life is a little more stability, not having to be so anxious all the time. benzos worked but they won't prescribe those, probably because people abuse them. i want to be able to at least say i've had a girlfriend so i can stop feeling so bitter and jealous all the time.

and to be honest, despite the small good things happening to me recently (finding a job... assuming i can come up with those phone numbers), the bad shit and mental illness just outweighs the good by so much. i act better but really i lose more hope every day, maybe this job will give me the money to come up with a plan.