I dont know anymoreThis is a throwaway account. 

I'm sorry I've gotten to this point i need help. My life is in total shambles.

I was born without a dad. He went to jail when i was born, never grew up with one. My mom had me at a young age, so she was kicked out of the house and i grew up poor and bullied. Im a really short guy,  only made it worse. Got my ass kicked almost every day until 10th grade. I was still determined to make something of myself, even though i graduated with a 1.7 in highschool. I was too short to ever get a girl, found one but she cheated on me with my best friend. I felt so alone, never could go through that humilation again. I found another girl, and i love her so much. I never would do a thing to hurt her.

I always wanted to help people in my life, but i never seem to be able to help myself or anyone else. I joined the Army with the intention of getting my degree and joining the FBI, but i suck at my job. Every day i walk to work and I'm called a piece of shit by my leadership because my work ethic is garbage, I'm late somedays and I'm im horrible shape and failed my last PT test. They're acting happy that I'm close to getting kicked out.

My one light in life was my girlfriend. Its been 3 years years together and today she came out to me saying shes been struggling to accept shes gay but shes finally coming out. We cant be together anymore. She was my one rock in life and now thats gone. I get  harrased and made fun of at work, and now my rock is gone.

Im finally done with this. I suck at my job and i cant do a fucking thing right. Ive wanted to do this all my life and i suck at it. If i get kicked out i cant get a government job and my lifelong dream is gone. I cant get mental help because I'll still get kicked out of the Army. I have nothing to look forward too and the girl i was going to propose too over christmas left me. I'm alone, and right now it doesn't look like i have any doors left in life. I dont think i want to die, some please just help.