I'm going to do it tomorrowI've been depressed for about a year and a half now. Ever since I was a little kid my family's moved around a lot, not out of necessity either. I've lived in three countries and been to 3 high schools and 6 schools. I'm supposed to start my senior year/3rd high school in a couple days. I've been at my last high school for two years now and had a couple really close friends there that helped a lot. in april/may i opened up to my parents about my depression and they seemed very supportive at the time. a few weeks later they found a zippo lighter in my drawer and assumed i was smoking/doing drugs (which I wasn't, i just found a zippo lighter and thought it was cool). this caused them to freak out and think that my friends/school was a bad influence on me. 

they then pulled me out of that high school and have sent me to boarding school in a foreign country (without giving specifics, its the country where i was born and lived the first few years of my life.) Even before this happened i wasn't doing well and was having suicidal thoughts, but leaving my home and close friends made things a lot worse, plus the prospect of having to enter into a new school as a senior in a foreign country. 

I told my parents about this multiple times, told them i've never done drugs/smoked and that my friends at home were actually a very positive influence and helped me see a point in life in a period where i was having a tough time doing so. Once again, they listened intently but absolutely nothing changed. Before that I convinced myself out of suicide by imagining the pain it'd inflict on my family, but i'm not even sure that's a good reason anymore. i feel like i'm just a nuisance to everybody now. everybody in my family seems sick of my shit and i feel it must be easier for them to not have to deal with me (I also have three siblings, all of whom are very successful in school and now in jobs)

I'm in the middle of drafting a note right now. I'm sitting in my room right now as I write this, and tomorrow I plan on jumping in front of a train. I've picked out one later at night as I don't want too many people to be there, I don't want to cause any unnecessary trauma for others