Feels like Im playing life on hard modeFeeling like nothing has gone right for me in the past 6 years or so.

I graduated almost 3 years ago with an engineering degree and have been unemployed/underemployed ever since. I've really tried everything to find a job but unemployment for youths where I am is some like 20% and no one is hiring. I spent 6 days a week at school working on a very technical extracurricular project during semester, and every weekend between semesters as well,  hoping it would help me land a job. I wasted 4 years of my life, killed my social life, and I have nothing to show for it.

In my second last semester one of my best friends died. I had only been seeing him once every few months because of school so I missed out on seeing him a lot before we lost him. I had to help his parents organise stuff for the funeral and spoke as well. 

A year after that I got a job where I had to do a lot of travelling, Monday to Friday every week. On the weekends I was so exhausted I just laid on the couch and did the paperwork I couldnt during the week while watching TV. It was a terrible job, and once again I neglected everything, including my friends, just to do this shitty job that didnt even pay well and had no career advancement. In July my other friend passed away the week I quit my job so I would have more time to hang out with him.

When I go on LinkedIn quite a few of my colleagues from school have landed jobs (I cannot figure out how). My "friends" from university are also reluctant to help me out, even though they help other people in the same friend group. I'm really bitter about hearing things going well for people when I can't get any kind of break.

tldr I have no job, no prospects, and I've lost two of my best friends. It feels like every choice I make is a mistake and I cant seem to make things better.

Edit: The main reason I'm feeling so angry and bitter is that it feels like I have no control over any of this. I try and do the "right thing" and it keeps fucking me over. I try and I try but I only seem to dig myself a deeper hole. I want to feel like I have at least some control over any of this.