The emptyness is suffocating meHey.
So this is my first post here. Im not really sure how to start.

My name is Daniel, Im 25 years old and never in my life I have felt so lost. I guess im just gonna say that like most of you reading this, im not in the worsts of shapes but im losing the fight.
Im trying really hard, I go to bed early, I wake up go to the gym, I eat well, do yoga and meditation. I try to keep myself active and I keep losing interest in life. I see no point in living.
I have a good family who supports me and good friends. And they are the only reason why I haven't attached a gas mask to my face and killed myself yet.

   I feel broken. Like damaged. I can't enjoy the things I used to anymore.
I can't find joy in love and I don't look for it maybe because all the people that I had, either betrayed me or cause me great harm.
   I have been in love by the same person for almost 10 years now and that love was never mutual.
   She is my best friend, with who I share everything. She shares everything with me and I am the only reason why she hasn't killed herself like her mom did 3 months ago.
   I've lived alot with this girl, happiness and deep cruciating pain. We slept together countless nights. Happy nights, full of care and laughs and nights full of tears and sorrow. She doesn't love me, but she can't truly be happy without me present in her life.
   She tries to keep going with her life and go out with other guys and talk to other people and I am at the same place waiting watching it happen. It's killing me.
    I tried erasing her from my life, every social media, phone number but you just can't erase a past that made you so happy and has to end when none of you did any harm. 

   She suffers from depression and is on drugs 24/7 just to contain the panic attacks she has. I wouldn't live with myself if i just turned my back to her knowing I can end her pain. I wouldn't be able to live knowing she yells cries and begs for help because she literally thinks she is going to die and wants to die.

   Myself, I have been diagnosed with deep depression when i was 13. I learned to live with it throught the years. Ive used my pain to my advantage. Hate is a very strong motivator but know I feel drained. I have to force myself to do the most basic of things. 
   I just feel so empty and I know it's the depression talking, I can't see a future for myself. I just want to die without causing pain to anyone. I've seen what suicide does to the people arround you first hand.
   I lost my childhood friend to a bike accident, and now Im losing the only person who I have a deep connection and could see have somewhat of a future with. She is the solo string of happiness I have at the moment.

   I know that life isnt just this, there's 7 billion of us, there's someone for us but I can't get that through my head. Im slowly creeping back to depression.
   The loneliness and the absence of feeling is going to be the end of me.

I just felt like sharing a bit of my life with whoever feels like embracing my pain. Thanks 