Suicidal ideation since returning from America.Hi,

I am making this post because I need input and feedback. I am suffering gravely from a myriad of alarming symptoms that started when I arrived in the U.K. - I spent Christmas in America. 

Now, since my arrival in late December, I have been bombarded with suicidal ideation, crippling fatigue, horrendous head pressure, anxiety, low sex drive, temperature fluctuation, and severe mood fluctuations ( I never feel positive emotions, it swings from feeling suicidal to melancholy). In addition, I have been crying excessively for no apparent reason, I feel as though I am a child at the moment and not a confident and intellectual twenty year old at university. 

I believe my symptoms are attributed to the solar cycle in which we as human beings follow. I am very sensitive to the change in seasons, I am typically depressed from August until December , and manic from January until late July. However, since being back, I have entered into a rapidly cycling mixed state (I have no history of bipolar). I believe this mixed state is attributed to my internal mechanisms (pituitary gland and hypothalamus) thinking it is still December and that I am still in America. This is because my solar cycle was severed upon my return to the U.K., for me, it takes several days for my body to acclimatise to its environment upon landing. However, my brain was given less than one day to make all of the adjustments because I arrived on the 31st, meaning I had less than 24 hours until the new year started), this was not adequate time and so I have been stuck in a perpetual feedback loop which is sending out incorrect signals to my brain. 

I am trying to figure out how to reset this state of mind, how can I click the refresh button in my brain? I am suicidal everyday and constantly look at my window as an avenue to escape indefinitely. I know for a fact that my theory is correct, I need a professional to accept it though. Today I am going to a doctor and will hopefully be given a referral to an endocrinologist. I need to be tested. 

I feel terribly hard done by, one day out of 365 and I decide to travel on that day. The worst part is, I travelled on that day several years ago and these exact symptoms re-emerged. The only way to correct it was to travel to the last location I was in, which was England, and it all disappeared. It is physiological in every sense of the word, I refuse to take any psychiatric medications. Xanax and adderall messed with my HPA axis enough, travelling never caused these symptoms before touching medication. However, I don’t believe I ever travelled back on the 30th of December. 

Bottom line is: Arriving on the 31st of December gave my body less than a day to synchronise itself with the environment for the upcoming year. As a result, it reverted back to the last pattern it was in, being the month of December and in America. Because of this, my hormones are being secreted at incorrect times resulting in severe symptoms (both physical and physiological).  I hope you all understand - I feel incredibly isolated. It’s execrable. 