21 yrs old and I want to tap out.When I was younger I thought that if I ever wanted to kill myself I could wait till I was 65 and most of my life was behind me. Now I'm not sure.

My family is American, white &amp; upper middle class. I went to great schools. My parents love each other. If I can stick with it for just another few months I'll graduate with a degree in Political Science. What a joke. I thought that studying political science would actually mean studying how everything is fucked up in the world at the highest levels but instead it just opened my eyes to how Universities perpetuate that fucked-up-ness by not bothering to engage the world critically, the real purpose of universities is just to graduate a higher level of button-pushers for the top 0.01% of internationalist "neo-liberal" capitalists that have encircled the majority of contemporary socio-political-eocnomic discourse. The world isn't getting better, it's getting worse. I used to be an optimist. Now I just feel like a failure. I probably won't even be able to get a job after I graduate.

I've only had sex with 1 girl. We broke up two years ago. I dumped her when I was 19 because she was starting to get on my nerves and I thought I would be able to get a "better" girl. I was wrong. When I broke up with her, she cried, a lot. We never talked since. I feel bad about it every day.

I still try to flirt with chicks but it's so hard. I read a lot "pick up artist" material but it doesn't seem to help much, probably because my actual "state" (ie mental/emotional level) is so low most of the time that I'm actually a giant bummer. A few times I've misjudged and told myself a chick wasn't into me when she really was. At least twice I've been told, "back when I had a crush on you..." by a chick I really liked, each time I started crying as soon as I could do so privately. Last friday I had plans to hang with a chick who recently broke up with her b/f. She &amp; I have been close for a while and I thought it might finally be time to take things to the next level. Then at the last minute she reversed her plans and didn't even show up. I broke down and cried into my pillow. I don't think she sees me as more than a friend and I don't want to be that awful kind of guy friend to her who always just wants to get into her pants.

Getting so emotional like this makes me feel like a giant pussy and hate myself even more. Despite not getting laid... nearly ever... I can't stop myself from watching hardcore porn on a nearly daily basis which makes me feel very guilty and hate myself even more. Not that I have any moral objection to it obviously, it just makes me feel like more of a total failure. 

At this rate I feel like I am probably about a year or two away from being a hardcore and permanent misogynist which isn't want I want at all. From there it will probably be a brief journey through alcoholism to finally getting the balls to finish it. For now smoking weed every day is the only thing that makes me feel even temporarily better. When I end it I want to end it with a heroin overdose while listening to philip glass's "metamorphosis" on piano. I think that would be the most poetic and painless way to die.

Thanks for reading this. Writing it has made me feel a bit better. If you think it makes me sound like a giant pussy you're probably right. Now if I can just stop crying long enough to read the captcha....