I fucked upI recently graduated in December 2018 and landed my dream job; however, in order to secure that dream I need to take a board exam. I’m not scared of failing the exam, I know I’ll be okay at that..my problem comes from my own mistake I made in 2017. I was pulled over and arrested for running a stop sign with a blood alcohol level of 0.09 (0.01 above the legal limit). I always roll through stop signs, it’s a bad habit I have always had; especially when it’s an empty intersection with no headlights in sight. But this time it cost me severely. It took everything in my power not to end it all the day I got out on a personal bond because that was my first offense ever and I thought my future was over, but I was told everything will be okay. Everything will work out. Eventually, things did. I *thought* I got the record expunged after the original charge was dropped to a traffic ticket, I graduated college, and I landed my dream job. However, just recently I reached out to my state board to ask why it’s taking so long to get my approval to test to take my board exam and continue what I have worked so hard for. What they told me literally made my heart sink to my stomach. They told me that they would send me my eligibility status within 30 days because I was originally supposed to receive it earlier this month, but “something from 2017” popped up...those words have been running through my mind all day and night for what seems like forever. I’ve done two background/criminal checks on myself and each time MY record came back negative with 0 hits, and the only thing that popped up was my father’s extensive criminal record; the most recent one happening in 2017. Could his criminal record be causing what’s taking so long to get my approval since we share the same last name? Can the state board see my expunged case? If I’m not eligible to test, I literally wasted 4 years of my life and I don’t see a point to even try anymore. One stupid mistake can possibly ruin my entire life. At this point, I’m trying to remain hopeful, but it’s just so hard. If I get news that the state deems me ineligible...I have wasted my entire collegiate career and disappointed my family and loved ones. The anxiety waiting for the approval is killing me, and for now, I will remain hopeful. But if I receive news that I am ineligible..that will probably be the final push I need.