Online friend's been going through a lot, and is planning on ending it all tomorrow.A couple weeks ago, I was thinking about how I sort of lost touch with this friend. I wanted to say hello again, and, knowing about some family issues, see if everything was fine. Funnily enough, he signed on that night and IMed me saying he was going to commit suicide. Not exactly "Long time no see". :|

To give a quick and likely inaccurate summary of events:

He's 14 and lives in a small town in Sweden. About a year ago, his mother left him with a father he barely knew and moved away. Not very smoothly, either, with some legal battles getting in the way. His mother hasn't given him a straight answer about why she left. He's cutting her out of his life because of it.

In the midst of the legal issues, he was forced to see counselors. At the time, he was confused, and didn't feel comfortable talking to them or answering their questions. Thus, they weren't able to help, and he's reluctant to see any professionals. He can't even bring himself to talk to his dad. Or, for that matter, write this post. He hasn't had many friends either. There's no one he could comfortably talk to offline. Though it's worth mentioning, someone he doesn't really know approached him today after noticing some marks where he'd cut himself, and they talked for a while... nothing really came of it, but he's got some support there.

There IS a girl he met online who he loves, and she said she loved him on New Year's Eve. She's thousands of miles away though, and neither of them really feel like online friends are real, which makes things a bit awkward. He's also had doubts about how serious she was when she said it...

He does very well in school, he mentioned. Works hard, gets good grades, is told he's smart. Having to work on it is adding on to the stress of everything else, though. Might be worth taking a break from.

He's shown concern for several younger siblings who are involved in the mess with his mother. I believe he mentioned his mom is pregnant, and her current boyfriend made death threats to the father of one of his other siblings.

A lack of empathy is definitely not a problem, if anyone had *somehow* gotten that idea. He does care about others, which only makes it worse whenever they don't seem to care about him, or care "too much". It's been bothering him that helping him with the situation is causing me to stress out, but as long as he gets help, it's worth it.

Among everything else, some worries he's mentioned include being judged unfairly, and not being taken seriously. He's shy, and keeps these things bottled up. Very few people know what's really going on. Probably didn't need to say that...

Well, I've been working on this on and off for a couple hours and I needed to get it out there. I've been coming uncomfortably close to falling asleep while writing. Hopefully, this will do and it won't turn out to be for nothing.