Just stop and listen for a while....I'd like to tell someone before I can't. I'd like to tell someone about the little girl who lost her mind because of herself. I'd like to tell someone about me, my name is unimportant, so I'll use another's. Eliza. A simple name for a simple girl.
        
I will start with the first chapter: just outside D.C., Edgewater, Maryland. This is the first house I remember, and it's still home to me, even after all these years. It was a white house with green shutters I think, it had a very green lawn and a very gray driveway. It was on a road that was just a large loop with a smaller loop in the middle. We were on the outside, facing the street, backing up to the small loop. Across the street and to the right a little, there were some woods, and after the one neighbors house to our left there was a field. This house was all gray carpet and white walls, I liked it. I went to school down the road about five minutes, in a big red building, a catholic school, although my family wasn't catholic. It was the only decent school in the area, so me an my only brother, a twin, went. There were no buses so my mother always dropped up off, and our nanny picked us up. She was a nice lady, like the grandmother that lived a few states away that I only saw once a year or so. She was more of a mother than mine was in actuality. Other than the doctrine of the school that was the only remarkable thing about it. I was there for a year and one half. I did not have many friends, I only remember one, but not her name. I left when I was only six years old.
     
Chapter two: near the north gate of the air force academy, Colorado Springs, Colorado. This house was nicer than the last one, filled with tam carpet and tan walls. It has a great big island in the kitchen and lots of windows. I live in the room above the garage, the second biggest bedroom. I went to another catholic school, another red building, filled with more people. I again had one friend. Her name was Jillian, she was s cleaner version of me, perfect blond hair, clear blue eyes. A pretty child. This place had a parking lot for recess and a small playground. I remember the pine trees around the edge and the gap in the fence. No one ever used it, but it was there. I was there for a year and one half.
        
Chapter three: same place, different school. This school was tan, with a shiny roof and black windows. This place was made of a thousand copies of itself all laid out. The people her were nicer, it was not a catholic school. I had more than one friend, but one very good one, her name was Ariana. 
   
Chapter four: different school, same people. We were friends throughout a lot. We moved schools together. I stayed at the previous for four years. We moved schools to a massive red thing with gravel roofs and silver windows. We were on the top floor in a box of classes, each the same as the last. The next year something happened. I don't know what it was, but you stopped showing up, then you were back for a few days, and then you were gone. A different school, I texted you to ask where you were, no answer. I asked again because I was scared, I didn't know what happened. Then you answered and told me, to paraphrase, that you hated me and I was the most awful person for asking where you were. After that I collapsed. I had no idea what to do, you were different and I was the same and you didn't like that. I had spent nearly six years calling you a friend. And you said you hated me, you said I was nothing, you said I was useless. But I will never think that of you, you were everything, you were perfect, you were the best thing that ever happened to me. And I'm sorry. I'm sorry for everything, but what has passed is gone and now I look forward. It's been almost two months since then. I'm doing alright I think. I hope you are to. 
     
Chapter five: it is all the same, I am not. After all that I started drinking, it clears my head and then knocks me out. They have no idea. They know nothing. But now I'm telling you. You put me through this. I'd rather be a friendless little girl than a bitter one. Your little girl you loved it dead, now you have a shell of her, you have nothing. You have a mask that covers it all. I have nothing. But in the end I thank you for it, the uprooting, the oblivion. I would not be the same without it.
     
       
In the end I need to thank you for this, this is why I now say goodbye.