I'm terrified of the snap.All these feelings are so constant that I feel it'll be more of a when I'll do it than if. I just need to get stuff off my chest here so this'll probably be just a ramble.

I'm terrified of the future, I can't seem to have a positove thought about it at all except the rare occassion when I order a book or game or something that'll provide what seems to be a shorter and shorter bit of distraction. On the other hand thoughts about relationships (I don't even know who the fuck I'm attracted to), work(working is hell for me and the thought of forty hours a week for a lifetime is aickening to think about), further education (my course was chosen off a passing interest and half the time I don't have a clie what's going on). And with everhthing else going on in the world I feel powerless to do anything yet the news, tv and social media repeatedly batter me with the messages all the same.

I know it's dumb, irrational and all that. I know that there must be something I'm able to provide and I have people all around me that would probably rattle off dozens of good things I've done if I were to ask them but I just can't bring myself to belive what they tell me. And then I feel they're stupid for thinking I'm a better person than I am and then I hate myself for being so resentful to people who clearly care for me. And I fall into this hateful cycle where it feels like I'm drowing in one inch of water until my dumb ass remembers I can just lift my head up for air and I break out of it. But the entire time through it I'm hating and attacking those around me trying to help because I think they're wrong for doing so until they end up leaving me alone because they think they're doing more harm than good. It just keeps fucking happening.

And it eventually comes to thoughts of suicide. A lot of them. There's times when I'm like that and I'll just sit and think about it for hours but never really doing anything. I don't think I've ever been close to doing anything but I don't think it would take that much to push me because I don't what to do, or maybe it'll take a lot because the thought of physical pain scares me or I just don't realise what I care about it and I'm terrfied I'll change my mind too late.
I just don't fucking know.I just don't feel like I deserve what I've been given and I feel like even greater scum for wastimg it.