Want to commit suicide, but don't want to leave behind my familyMy family is so important to me. They aren't what keeps me going, nothing is keeping me alive except for me being scared to kill myself; but I worry about leaving an even bigger burden. 

I know how much it costs to deal with a death. We already have financial trouble, so I would only add to it. My mom always says that she wouldn't know what she would do if I wasn't here, so I know I would create a lot of problems. 

I have never posted about my struggles with depression on reddit. I wanted to keep reddit a place just for reading cool things, connecting with like-minded people, etc. But a lot of people on here are really supportive and helpful, so I wanted to give this a go.

I first got depression three years ago. We had just moved across Canada. It was summer. That was the first time I hurt myself. After that, it turned into a constant cycle of on and off depression. I would go long and short periods of time depressed, and long and short periods of time being happy again. It was unpredictable. Sometimes the darkness was pitch-black, other times it was just grey. I tried counselling, and it helped, but of course, it didn't last long. I quit seeing my therapist.

I have considered suicide countless times. I have only attempted suicide once, but I managed to control myself and wait it out until I was in a better state of mind. Sometimes the urges are small, other times it's almost impossible to restrain myself. Like I said before, the only thing keeping me from doing it is my family.

It's not really because I'm worried they will be sad that I'm gone. It's mostly because I don't want to create a big mess of things. My mom already has a lot of stress. My dad, I don't care about, but I really worry about my younger siblings. I am fifteen. I know that's really young, but I hope my age won't invalidate my feelings. 

I have wanted to try antidepressants, but my parents are really against them. They refuse to let me take them. They think I will become like my older sister, who is on many medications and can be unpredictable. We do not keep in contact with her, the only person allowed to talk to her and see her is my mom. She has done a lot of bad things to us, including sexually abuse me, but that is really off-topic, and it has nothing to do with this. 

I'm so tired of trying to be happy. I push and push myself to put on a good front so people like me, and so I am not depressed, but it's inevitable: it's never going away. 

I'm Agnostic. I was raised Christian. If there was a God, he would have helped me, or answered my prayers, or at least done something. Nothing had happened. It's a waste of time. 

So, yeah. That's about it. I probably won't do anything dangerous, even though I feel like it. I'm going to wait a bit for this chaos in my mind to calm down. I'll sit tight until the next wave washes over me. 