After years of hoping for get over this pain, now I kinda start to accept that I wont make it alive.Two years have passed since first I met a psychologist concerning my suicidal thought. I've lost my passions for everything. I was a visual artist, musician, enjoyed movie, but now all is lost. Now I see everything as mundane, hateful aspect of life. And I hate the most the fact that everything I did, we did, is to distract us from the inevitable pain of death. Those years, I developed hatred for people, the warmth of social relationship, and even, love. Now I see pain in everything, even in the most joyful aspect of life. I stop craving for love, human interaction, even sex itself. I was a bright man, but these difficult years slowly turns me into what you usually called as 'late 20's single men who's living in their mom's basement doing nothing'. During the process, I lost my job, lost my community circle, being distant with my family. I'm basically a numb failure.

Occasionally I read about people who tried to convince suicidal persons to abort their intention, mainly by saying life is beautiful and you yet to reach is joyous point; or that amidst the worsening condition of our life, it will be, at some point, getting better and better. I was convinced. But then, I think two years is more than enough. 

I've tried everything. I tried to wake up early, doing sport, and stay positive all the time, but it didn't even last more than three days every time I tried to do that. I tried to be involved in social works; I ended up abandoning it mid-project, disappointing everyone. I tried to get a job, I always failed in interview due to my unmotivated tendency. I entertained the chance of studying again, but I used up all my professors references on a number of failed scholarship applications. I tried to talk to my parent, the best they can say to me was that I'm an apostate. Since I don't have money I can't get any professional mental therapy, and my country doesn't even have anything like National Suicide Prevention Lifeline. I've tried everything I could, and I can't hold it any longer.