My last thoughts.. I wanted to come on here and tell my story, of when it was the beginning of the end.

When I was a baby, I was rapped by a family member. I don’t really remember what and how it happened but I was told later on in life, when I was about 4/5 I was rapped by different family member. And this time I did remember but wasn’t sure if it was a dream or something that actually occurred, which just about 2 years ago was confirmed it was real. When I was in 4th grade I was sexually assaulted by a different person, and then my dad was murdered. Which took me into a great Depression because he was all I had, after his death in 2010, I was rapped AGAIN by yet another person from 6th grade up until 8th grade. and if that didn’t seem like enough my freshman year it happened for the last time.. 

So I been rapped and sexually assaulted my entire life , from different people. And I know it’s sounds very dumb to say but it felt kinda normal.. like if this happened to everybody, until I was asked about it at school because a counselor noticed some red flags, I told them who it was at the moment and that person is currently in jail. And because he was a family member, my mom hated me for it. She treated me like shit and proceed to make me feel like it was all my fault and that I was in the wrong. I started looking for alternatives to escape my reality and started doing drugs , and running away.. typical teenage things. But I ended up pregnant. At 15. My mom kicked me out and the father of my child took me in..

He cheated on me my whole pregnancy, but I had no where to go. So I forgave him, and he has cheated on me the whole 5 years we have been together if I’m being honest, but I stayed. I didn’t finish school, it’s quite difficult to find a job and I stay home and watch the kid, clean and cook ect. A couple of months back we talked it out and he said it would be his last time cheating and I believed him.. 

On Friday, I had a mental breakdown, I cried and cried and cried for hours about how much I hate my life and how bad I wanted to end it , because I have no family, no friends and I can’t stop reliving my past, I’m still heart broken about my dads death And to top it off I’m constantly worried about him cheating on me and he hugged me calmed me down , and did everything he was suppose to do to and reassured me that I have him and that’s all that should matter, “Our little family” 

Yesterday night, he fell asleep with him phone on, and I felt like I had all the right to look threw it.. and he was indeed still cheating, not with 1, not 2, not even with 3 but 5 females.. 💔 and I’ve haven’t stopped crying since.. idk what to do anymore. After he sat there and watched me cry for hourssss he look me straight in my face and lied. And now I’m on the edge, all I was fighting for was “us” and I didn’t even have that.. 

These are my last thoughts. And I can’t wait to end the torture that is my life once and for all