Pretty much tbh
I'm 16, I have no father,no one knows where he is since 5 months ago he was a meth head, and my mother is abusive. I live with my aunt. I spend every day of my life on a computer all day playing games. I have no friends, I'm depressed and have been on and off for years but more on than off, I fantasize suicide almost every day,  I'm so numb I have a constant 1000-yard stare, I tell myself that "the time machine will come take me back one day so I can fix everything" so that I can escape the reality that I can never take back what I've done, I break from mental anguish and burst into fits of laughter sometimes having to silence myself so no one hears, I've desensitized myself to practically everything you can imagine, because of my mother I will never have a normal relationship with a girl because I am so verbally abusive and take things too serious, sometimes while I cry I rehearse what I'll say in my suicide video. I regret not taking the love of my life's virginity(I know it's odd) but because of my
Mother I take things like that extremely sacredly. I don't think I'll ever be able to find anyone who thinks like me. I love her so much but I've hurt her so much. I'm so numb and I just zone out so much. I'm an awkward fuck and have tried psychologists, Inpatient centers, medicines, etc. I've spent a lot of time researching suicide statistics, rates of success, and whatnot to see how I want to do it. The only thing that's stopped me is fear. A few years back I sat on my knees in the grass and cocked the hammer on a little .22 revolver and pressed it against my temple and sat there for a while but ended up telling myself it would get better and that is one of the worst mistakes of my life. Everything got worse after that. I know I'm young and these aren't real problems but I'm just, basically, exhausted and I want to go to "sleep." No one knows about any of my suicidal thoughts or issues they just know I have some depression. There's a lot I'm not saying but this is pretty much it. When does this train stop?

EDIT: oh yea I beg God to end my life and I ask why me pretty much.