I don't want to live on this earth anymoreIf i had a gun right now i would blow my fucking brains out. I can't take it anymore. Im tired of people, school, work, and everything. Above all though im tired of myself. I can't deal with my rotted out fucked up network of neurons known as a "brain" anymore. I wish i was just another tombstone. Slowly rotting in a box, experience unconsciousness for eternity. I hate how I have ADHD and i cant stay still or do anything without procrastinating. I hate how every little thing bothers me. Everything has to be perfect in my life or i will flip my shit about it. I hate living up to my familys expectations. I cant and will never be as good as anyone else in my family. I am just another washed up burnt out teenager on a crash course to failure. I hate having anger issues. i hate how i wake my family up at 3 am for punching my desk and hitting myself until i cry from the pain or until my knuckles bruise or bleed. I hate my body. I hate how every attribute of myself is malformed. My disgusting overbite, my odd looking chest, and my ugly fucking face. I have lost almost 25 pounds and i look the exact same. I weight about 145 pounds and im five foot eleven. I see myself as overweight and i constantly shame myself for eating something i shouldnt be. Im tired of being stressed out about my grades. Im tired of my teachers telling me what i need to do. If i were to kill myself i would probably kill a few people before i'd turn the gun on myself though. I hate myself more than anyone and anything else on this earth but a few people do follow behind quite close. I hate what I've become. Im sexist, and I have no filter when talking to my friends. I will say anything when im angry. I hate alot of groups of people too. like women. Im not a fucking incel or anything, i just don't like women. I only have a sexual attraction towards them. I've contemplated if im gay or bisexual when i was like 15 but theres no way i am. Other than that, im pretty set on wanting to die. I cant take this god forsaken earth anymore. everyday is a struggle. All i do is wake up, go to school/work, and sleep. Maybe occasionally play video games before rage quitting because it's my only acceptable outlet for my anger. I cant go home and break shit over the stress of living because my family would instantly think im fucking crazy. If i had any resources to kill myself with i would gratefully use them. I have nothing. Maybe thats for the best i guess. This has been the hardest time of my life. Mainly because school. I honestly understand why kids shoot up schools. Not saying i would ever do that. Kill anyone innocent. Thats horrible. I wouldnt mind killing some assholes in my life as i mentioned before though. But a group of innocent high schoolers the same age as me is cruel. I swear in four months Ill be the best ive ever been. May 20th, you count the calendar. That is if im even alive by then.