I'll never recover. I never recover. I'll never recover.+please read I know its long+
Growing up I never had any success with girls. Mainly because I had very bad acne the socially crippled me. I always wondered how people could look me in the face when even I couldn't. I cried so many nights just hating the way I looked..I just wanted to find that one person who I could make my princess I guess. I wanted to save everything for her and her love. Year after year this love built up for a girl who didn't even exist. I began to get just so lonely..I would fall in love with anyone who touched my cheek I wanted care that badly..

 went to clubs as I got older and found out about the liquid courage of alcohol..The night would start well and maybe I'd get a number but I'd never be able to hold a text conversation..I FELT LIKE A FREAK. I couldn't even talk without a shot of liquor. I started doing drugs just to have conversations where I wasn't trapped in my ugly thoughts . 

Come summer 2015 a situation arrived where me and my brother had to live with my good friends family..and his sister...The first night there we smoked a little outside and I talked with her about random stuff I guess. Days went on and we became close I felt like I didn't have to pretend to be someone I wasn't with her. I developed strong feelings for her and I started falling for her..and for the first time they were somewhat returned. I could just speak...I could talk about anything..I could talk.. I was so happy. Then come to find out she was being intimate toward not only me but my brother as well . I was broken. Eventually she told me she had chosen my brother over me. I just didn't know what to do. I couldn't speak. Weeks went by and apparently my brother and her didn't work out. She told me what happened expecting emotion and something just snapped. I told her my heart was her and she could do whatever. I wanted my words to flow like my blood. 

I loved her so so deeply. She had cut herself countless time but I wanted her to know she was courageous and endless in my being. I even cut myself so she wouldn't stand out as much.Then I found out she cheated on my best friend. She had also had been doing things with my brother as well...I was broken again. I didn't care this was fighting for love in my mind. Plus everytime it happened she seemed genuinely sorry and wrote the most beautiful poetry for me. I stayed with her though it all. She kept saying she loved me endlessly. Then a particular incident happened when a guy from her school came over to play video games with us. While in the other room playing games I had a dark feeling that she was doing something. It turns out when he left she said he had raped her. I didn't believe it. And she called me heartless because of it.. I eventually changed my view though.. 

I wanted this all to stop i wanted my princesses love so I gave her what she wanted she wanted to take my virginity . My virginity was so important I thought it would make her stop. Eventually my brother and I left the house and I called her and she messaged me on facebook. After a couple of weeks she broke up with me. I LOST EVERYTHING . She also got with the guy who she claimed raped her. I got so confused/hurt/mad I told him what she did to me..no lies just the truth. She called me and went off and turned some close friends against me...I eventually told the guy I lied ( even though I didn't) to fix there love ...because if I still loved her I'd want the best for her. She said she never wanted to speak to me and now I'm left with scarred skin, a broken heart and dreaming of her voice. I want to end it all most of the time. I want to show her that I still care on the front page of the obituary.
