I came home tonight to an empty apartment---wife is gone with all her thingsI'm 34. Great job and well educated but I wouldn't exactly call myself overly physically attractive.  Wife and I have had issues over 5 years of marriage, some mine some hers. I'm fairly  certain no one has ever cheated, but we have had dishonesty between each other and many things that held us back like fighting some legal battles and large weight and physical appearance changes. Over time it ate away at us. Tonight I came home to a relatively empty apartment. Almost all her things gone and a note that said she didn't feel the marriage was best for her and she needed to work on her. I texted her and she said we would talk tomorrow. Given the extent of things gone, I have to come to the conclusion this may be permanent.

Some people may handle this well, especially since the marriage was rocky, but I do love my wife and I'd be the happiest man if she came home tonight.  I loathe the prospect of being a divorcee(aka a failure and statistic), and loathe even more the prospect of dating again. I wasn't a big fan of dating before my marriage and found it mostly frustrating and unfulfilling. Part of the lure of marriage in the first place was to be done with dating!

The most fulfilling thing in my life is domestic life rocky as it may be, I enjoy coming home to someone. I enjoy talking about the day even if is just mundane things. I love regular, monogamous but hot sex. I would like a family in the next couple years. Without these things or the prospect of going without these things for months or years, I'd rather just not live.

  I'm on the verge of a Ph.D.............but yet with no one to share it with and with the prospect of divorce and living completely alone for years, nothing matters. I feel I'm getting too old to start again and have a family without rushing or get anything out of life that I want. Again, some are driven by job and friends. I am not. I am driven by having a beautiful wife to come home to and someone to help care for. If this is over, I feel like there isn't much left for me to care for and the frustration of starting again just further makes me want to quit life.

 I took a trip to wal-mart tonight and it took all my energy not to put the car into a guardrail at high speed. I know it isn't "over yet"....but given how things have been going,this is probably the end of the marriage.

I'm not driven by my job, not satisfied by friends or hobbies.....That stuff is fun but doesn't cut it long term. It never has; Since high school I have craved and needed female affection and love. It is how I'm wired. Part of my motivation for being well educated was so one day I could support my wife and family better even before I knew them.

Assuming my marriage is gone..........I don't feel many women would give me a second look these days nor do I have the drive to just "put myself out there" It is much more pragmatic to just call it quits.

Yes I need to wait and see what happens tomorrow.......but I'm hoping for support tonight, and I'm worried about what happens after tomorrow. I'm worried about an unstoppable spiral that leads me suicide so I'm reaching out now....if for nothing else than for comfort through the inevitable spiral.

