It’s me again. I’m so sick and miserable.
As I’ve said before, I’ve been sick for a while now with some sort of stomach ailment. For the last ten months, I’ve had extreme dizziness and nausea every single day, along with various other symptoms that come and go. Right now, I’m in some sort of flare where I can barely eat or drink again. I’m trying to force plain rice and water down my throat so I don’t starve to death or get too dehydrated. I’m starving, but my body won’t let me eat. I’ve already lost seven pounds in eleven days. Every time I sit up, my throat and tongue tense up and I feel very nauseous. I try to stay laying down, but sometimes even that doesn’t help and I just have to suffer through the nausea until it decides to go away. Throughout this ordeal, I’ve had hardly any help from doctors, who are very quick to blame my mental heath issues. Ive been to the ER 7 times, been admitted to the hospital once and lost 34lbs the first time around. Despite all this, my primary care physician suggested I just keep going to the ER to
manage my issue. Meanwhile, ER doctors are telling me to eat and getting mad when I can’t force down even a spoonful
of jello. I begged my PCP for help until he sent me to a gastroenterologist, who conducted one test, decided he couldn’t help me, then referred me to a different specialist. I wasn’t able to get an appointment for nine months. I’ve been waiting 7 months and still have two more to go, but probably more since COVID-19 has delayed so many appointments. I’ve tried all kinds of medicines for nausea, dizziness, inflammation. I’ve even tried herbal remedies out of desperation. Nothing has worked. Some made me feel worse. My number one fear in life is vomiting, so even I start to feel even the slightest bit queasy, I get tense and panicky. I spend most of my time laying in my bed, with nothing to do because I can’t sit up. I live with my mom who is a controlling, abusive cunt with narcissistic tendencies. I have a lot of time to sit and think about how much I hate her. I’m at the point now where I wish she would just die, so I could have some peace, but if that happened, I would be homeless, as I am disabled and have no friends or other family to help me. Not to mention most of my family were/are just as abusive as my mom is. My therapist seems to think I’m doing well enough that I only need to see him about every other month. Before I got sick ten months ago, I had sessions every other week. I had to stop because at that time, my nausea was so bad I couldn’t talk, much less go to sessions. Now I feel like he’s trying to get rid of me. My caseworker always seems to be going on vacation and I don’t really feel like Im being supported. I haven’t felt the touch of another human being for so long. I just want someone to hold me, comfort me and make me feel loved and wanted. I can’t even cry because it makes me nauseous. I don’t have a plan or anything but Im just so tired of this life. It has brought me nothing but pain in exchange for nothing. Having mental heath problems was bad enough, but now that I’m physically sick too, I have nothing. I don’t have a plan or anything, but something has got to give because I can’t take this anymore. I’ve friction burned my hand punching my bed repeatedly and now I’m out of breath and nauseous again. I just want to fucking die.