Too fucking poor to kill myselfLost my job, can't find any work due to the 200k+ people in my field who also lost their job trying to compete over the 70 positions available in my city. Broke up with my girlfriend cos she cheated on me, lost all my best friends because of said girl. I still love her and I want a real chance with her. Even tho she cheated on me it was with the guy I took her from which happened to be my best friend. She was drunk and he took advantage of her. Fucked her again by getting her high on mdma after we broke up to take a break. I'm broke, in debt, living at home. Sleeping until 6pm. I can't count how many times I've walked to the bridge near my old home and sat on the railing. Crying my fucking life away. I'm going to sell my camera and buy two bags of charcoal. Heat them up in my car, which by the way my ex gave to me so I can find work but like the lousy piece of shit I am I didn't get a job. But anyway I'm going to put the charcoal in the back. Let it sit for a few hours. Take a fuck load of sleeping pills, jerk my shit one more time then go to sleep in the car and let the co2 do the rest. Only thing I need to do is find the motivation to wake up a little bit earlier so I can go sell my camera that I bought for no fucking reason. I've attempted suicide three times so far. First time I had no idea what I was doing. I've always had the lingering thought in my head that I should kill myself for the past three years. Anyway. The first time was when I called her and she was at a sleepover with him. I freaked out and I bought three bottles of Tylenol and a Mickey of vodka. Slammed them all back and goodbye I love you to everyone I loved. Told her where I was so she could come see my dead corpse and feel only a fucking sliver of what I felt. Played the radio and fucking carry on my wayword son was on. Fitting. She found me and took me to the hospital with my old best friend who's dick she sucked. Yeah, fucking pathetic right ? Second and third time were hours within each other. Her family had a dinner for her brother that visited from england. We were still very close at this time and instead of inviting me her mother invited her ex. And she fucking let him come with no objection. I freaked but I tried my best to control myself. As the night went on and longer I just kept brooding in my own hate to the point where I asked her when she was coming home. No reply. I assumed she would get drunk and fuck him again and I lost it. I cut my wrists 6 times and I my three of them were deep enough to do any damage but not enough to kill men coagulation is a Bitch. After I realized I was an idiot and couldn't bleed to death because I was a pussy. I took a tie and wrapped it around the door knob then my neck and tried to strangle myself. I tied a knot and let my bodyweight do the rest. I had tunnel vision then I passed out for a few seconds then I suddenly smacked my face into the ground because the knot came undone. Right as I was going to do it again my cousin called who came from out of town and invited me over to drink with her and her friends. She saved my life that night. I'm crying. I don't even care about the pain I'll cause. I just want to end my miserable life. Maybe people will miss me more when I'm gone.

Tl;DR 

Ive had nothing but a miserable life, fall in love and get heart broken, lose all my closet friends, lose my jobs, lose my confidence. Going to kill myself if I can wake up early enough to make a bit of $$.