I am broken. I have everything but I have nothing.I don’t know where to start. I am 27/m college grad, great job. 
But I am depressed, I am sad, down, broken, unwilling to continue... ready to die. 
I feel like everything goes wrong for me. Like I am set up for failure. Like bad things always happen to me. 

I was born with a neurological disease called Neurofibromatosis. This basically means I have tumors growing in my body and on the surface. Although my case is mild compared to some, I still have many spots and discolored blotches on my skin that look like birthmarks. I have them especially in my groin area. This has killed my confidence with women and keeps me from even trying to get with a girl or have a girlfriend. I am extremely embarrassed of what she will say or the rejection she will put up once she sees me unclothed so I do not even try. This has left me very lonely and depressed. I am 27 and have never had a gf. Awesome. 

I got raped a bunch as a little kid. That man that did it was my older cousin. Nothing happened to him. He’s free and living in another state. I reported it to my older sister (18 years older than me) at 9 y/o. She told my mom.  My mom brought it up to my aunt. 

My aunt denied it. My cousin denied it. They said I made it all up. Nothing happened to him. I want to kill him. I feel as if he killed part of me. He’s a free (gay) man roaming Nevada doing his thing. 

I got bullied a lot as a kid. Neighborhood kids outcasted me. I didn’t do anything to be outcast, but I was picked on a lot and not welcomed in our neighborhood group. One of the neighborhood kids even broke into my house and stole my things. 

Then I started having seizures. The seizures started at around 13. Doctors do not know why I have seizures. They just know I have them. I was put on Keppra, a drug known to cause depression and suicidal thoughts at 13. I still have seizures. The bad thoughts are there, and may grow to action. Doctors prescribed a drug that DID NOT even fully stop my seizures. I had two in September. They thought it’d be a good choice to give a kid a pill that would bum him out. Awesome. 

I was also bullied and picked on in HS. People are dicks. Whatever. 

I went to junior college and had shitty grades. I eventually turned my grades around and became an honor roll student, but when it was time to transfer I got denied from my school of choice because the lady at the transfer center gave me the wrong paperwork. Awesome. 

I went to some ghetto ass school and was discriminated against by teachers and students but I did my shit and graduated on the deans list. 

After I graduated I went into law enforcement academy. After a couple of months I had severe hip pain. I reported it, they sent me to doctors who said to walk it off. I broke my hip the next day. The doctors still missed the break in X-rays and forced me to do physical therapy for two weeks and sit at home in severe pain or I “wouldn’t get better”. After breaking my hip,  resigning from the academy, doing physical therapy and bathing out of a bucket. Doctors finally found the break and recommended surgery. Gee thanks. 

I had surgery but am still in pain. My leg is fucked. I don’t sleep well. I’m in a lawsuit now and am looking at receiving 3k. Awesome 

I now have a different job. It’s a good job. Pay/benefits. But the lifestyle is terrible. I am on call 24/7/365. I work a ton of hours (65+ a week). I spend a lot of time in a hotel room by myself. 

My home life is sad. I am still with mom and dad and I love them dearly. My dad is my best friend and does a lot for me. My mom and I argue all the time. My dad and I get into it to. I feel as if I cannot please them or that I am always disappointing them or doing something wrong.  But I am trying so hard to be a good son and someone they can be proud to say “that is my boy” but I do not think I am. 

I think I am a hindrance. An anchor. A disappointment. I feel empty and dead and alone. 

I have been researching suicide methods a lot lately. I am seriously considering it but I do not want to hurt my parents. I know they do love me but I do feel like I am a disappointment to them. 

It will also crush my sister. My sister loves me very much and she will be very hurt. She had three beautiful children whom I love very much but my will to live is non existent. 

I only live not to hurt them. I do not know what to do and cry myself to sleep nearly everyday. 