Now I'm nothing but a failing financial burden.Everyone I talk to about my future thinks it's bright. I've got clear goals, a lot of passion, a direction I'm heading in.

I recently got my first article published (as an undergad! I was so proud!). It was something I slaved away on for WEEKS. And no one seems to care that it happened. 

I have a 3.8 GPA, three majors, and I've basically given up my life this past year to focus on school. I have no job, no money, and have pretty much isolated myself. All I think about is art, my future in museums, and who in my class will surpass me. I've held several internships, attended conferences, and nothing I do ever seems to be enough in the museum/art world.

Then my computer broke. Then my car broke. I have credit card debt. I can barely pay my rent (parents still help me, I'm a loser, I know). I dumped my boyfriend, and still have feelings for an older ex-boyfriend, who just wants to fuck me. I had to turn down an overseas internship this summer because of money. I have nothing. 

My history of anxiety makes me stressed all the time. I take herbals, have pillow-sprays, relaxation techniques, but the stressors just won't leave.

I'm failing at everything I wanted to do, and costing my divorced parents a shit ton of money while I'm at it. I hate being this financial burden, making them pay for my car repairs, a new computer, my rent...because I just can't. 

I used to feel so above everyone in my intelligence, drive, confidence, looks. Now, I've stopped eating (5'4, 101 right now), dropped my cockiness down way low, and books have become my best friends. This is not how I want to live. 

What if I sold the car, sold the computer, all the nice clothing I've collected, wrote letters to those I love and just checked out? People would be sad, but at this point--not many. I've become so isolated I've lost most of the people I used to care about. I'm a failure, and I'm faking happy every day at school. This isn't how I want to live, and I think every day at night, "I don't want to live like this, so what if I just didn't anymore?"