I’m really good at failing.I go to an online school and a college and I’m under 18. Recently I’ve been struggling in the college because I have no motivation to study at all. My dad has been irritated with me because I’m an C average student at this college. I have a fairly high IQ so my parents expect a lot from me. It’s just I can’t find any motivation to study and I don’t know why. 

Recently, I’ve been struggling finding who I really am. I have different personalities around certain people and I don’t change on purpose, it just happens. And people call me fake for it. Specifically my family, and I’ve tried to change but I can’t. 

My dad has been super passive aggressive towards me in the past two months and I can’t understand what I’m doing wrong. I expect this behavior from my mother not him. I looked up to him and trusted him until this point. They both constantly destroy what little self confidence I already have and it’s just left me not wanting to do anything for years now. I don’t see a purpose of being here. 

I’ve been failing a few of my classes this semester and if I fail in the end we pay for the class. I took two exams today and stayed up till two and woke up at six to study so I’m trying to be better. I thought my day was going ok, I felt better than normal. I have a three hour government class that I had an exam for today and I got below average on the test. 

It’s about 9:30 PM I get home from school and my family is watching a movie. So, I’m kind of happy I can relax with them. But I go in the living room and my dad glares at me. My mom kind of gives me this look. My dad hands me a letter and I read it. It says that we have a court date because I was missing school. 

A little backstory, for my online high school I have to “log my attendance” everyday. Just a few clicks and it’s done. Well, me being me, I forget to do this A LOT. For some reason I don’t see this as a big deal because I go to a college and I’m still in school, not really skipping. So it led to this. 

I read the letter and everything hits me. I feel like an utter failure. I’m currently failing my classes, I have a court date, my parents might get fined, or go to jail. I head to the restroom and lock the door. I hear my dad and sisters just walk past the door like I don’t need help. Normally I wouldn’t be too butthurt but when they did this I’ve sat outside the door for 45 minutes before to make sure they’re ok. Frankly, I’m hurt they didn’t even try. But, from past experience I know they don’t care.  My mom tries to get my attention but I can’t respond (my mom and I have history and she’s the last person I needed to talk to) 

Let me leave it at this. The first time I cut myself I showed my mom because I thought she loved me. Well all she told me was to not do it again. Didn’t ask if I was ok, or even informed my father. And she knew it was self harm. Plus, she’s a compulsive liar and I can’t trust her, my dad doesn’t even trust her. 

So she tries to get my attention for a few minutes then gives up. But later she comes back with my dad and he yells outside the door “open the door or I’ll break it and make you pay.” I wasn’t feeling much love. 

My mom keeps poking me and asking me non relevant questions and threatens to ground me because I wasn’t responding. I couldn’t respond to her because I knew she really didn’t care, she just has to tend to me because I’m her child. 

I reached out to a couple friends because I really don’t see a need to be here anymore, I was hoping they’d give me a reason to stay... they kind of played it off and didn’t seem to care. The one person I love and trusted left me a few months ago. I go to my next option and try to reach a helpline online that I can text because I’m not good on the phone. I wait for twenty minutes and no one texts back after the please wait message. 

There’s a lot I didn’t state because frankly I have no energy right now. I might make it through the night, I’m not sure. I feel empty.  
