The impoliteness of suicide (not currently suicidal, just ranting)I'm not in any danger but I am in a suicidal frame of mind, which is very common for me. I suffer a lot of depression, and it's gotten easier recently (I've found the capacity to try harder, some help through therapy) to grin through it but the suicidal thoughts don't really stop. 

I apologize if this sounds rambly, my ability to communicate declines when I get really depressed. 

What strikes me though is that I've never really found a good way to express that I want to kill myself. Even in my darkest moments, I've only ever been faced with uncertainty about whether or not I will want to go through with killing myself. I'm told that I'm suicidal but have a high survival threshold, where I constantly tell myself that I should die, and believe in that statement, but at the same time can never bring myself to go over that edge. I suppose that's an easy point to understand, many people have been in that spot before, as I gather. But it means that I very rarely find myself in such a space where I find it feasible that I kill myself. If it ever were to happen, it would probably be an accident that I encouraged, because I cannot even conceive of taking that first step to hurt myself. Heck, I've only ever engaged in minor self harm, no scars or anything. 

Importantly, in regular life I am a nice, outgoing person. And in my dark moments where I am uncertain about whether or not I'm going to kill myself, I end up wanting to talk to someone. To vent about what's happening to me. About what I want to do, and every time I am faced with a conundrum of not being able to reach out. 

I even find myself self-censoring for everyone, hiding and grinning and bearing it even for my therapist, because it's a serious matter to want to kill yourself, and it feels like I'm not really gonna do it ever, so I shouldn't be afforded the emotional effort needed to be worried over. And if you tell anyone that you're suicidally depressed, it changes how they see you. It changes how they interact, and if they care about you it's even worse because they end up being even more worried about you, spending time and effort every time they see you thinking back to that one admission that you always look into the mirror and picture yourself not existing. 

And the point is that it's impolite to talk to anyone. Because societally it's expected that you would help someone going through a tough time by offering to support them, but how can you support someone who wants to kill themselves? I feel like I'm holding their decency as human beings hostage by saying that I'm suicidal, because it demands so much social support to be able to help me, and no group of people I think will ever be willing or able to do so. So it is impolite to even mention this, because it means I immediately force those who care about me into an unsolicited contract with extremely demanding terms. And there's no way to actually talk about it either because broaching the topic in any way exposes myself as a person who is suicidally depressed and needs help. 

It's hard because I can't get to talk to anyone about how I feel, and it's paradoxical because I feel like I don't need help at all, or rather that I don't deserve it. 

Sorry, I guess I just wanted to waste someone's time, so screaming into the void like this works ( can't do it irl because my parents are at home and the walls are thin. I live in a city so I can't do it outside either.) 

It's really sad though, because recently I think I've been getting better. But I guess it's more likely that I was just pretending to myself that I was. And this is the big slap in the face that I'm not. 

I'm tired. Sorry for wasting your time. 