I'm trapped and there's genuinely only one way to get outI'm not very good about speaking what's on my mind. Especially not in person and I'm awful at just speaking and being a functioning human in society. I've never been a part of society like the majority. I've never made friends very easily and the few I do make I can't keep bc idk how to be a good friend. As much as I try my mind always finds a way to tell me toxic little things. Like how much they hate me, how they think I'm fat and ugly, how they think I'm too weird or maybe even slow in the head. Maybe I am a little slow or maybe I'm just bad at being what everyone else expects me to be. I'm not saying anyone wants me to be perfect but I can't even meet the basic standards. Maybe it's bc I'm unmedicated and have a string of mental illnesses plotting to ruin my life. I am bi polar but people can get through that and learn how to live with it. So idk why I can't. I have severe anxiety and social situations seem almost impossible to handle correctly. But most people learn how to cope and just get by or at least try. 

Anyway I wont get into everything that is "wrong with me" but I know there is something truly wrong with my head regardless what anyone tells me. Everytime someone tells me it'll get better or anything along the lines of trying to help me, all I can think about is how fake they are or even if they are truly genuine if they understood everything I feel and everything I've been through maybe they would see that ending it is what's best for me. Ending it is the true mercy that I hope I'll find sooner rather than later. I have my reasons and I won't explain them all bc I don't believe I have to explain myself at all to anyone. When it comes down to it what I do with my body and my life is my choice. No one should be able to take that away from me. I've been hospitalized and I've tried to end it before. I obviously didn't put my full will into it bc here I am. I told myself I would never go back to being in a mental ward ever again. It's either go through with it and make sure nothing can go wrong or stay and keep living and stop being so fragile and "selfish" or "pathetic". I don't think my family or anyone else thinks I could ever actually do it. They might be surprised one day. I think about the sweet closure of death everyday. It's become normal to me and I can feel how far away I am from everyone else. It feel like I'm galaxies away from every single person and I'll never reach them no matter how hard I try or how hard I want to. 

Ik probably no one will even read this. I'm sorry. If reading any of this triggered anyone or upset any body but I had to get this pressure off my chest. There's so much I want to say but Im not capable. This is as close as it gets. I don't need anyones  support or half assed reasons to stay alive or "it'll get better", "it won't last forever". Maybe I'll chooe to end it some day. Maybe I'll choose to stay who knows. All I know is ik just waiting for something to push me far enough to the point where there is no option left but to just fade away like everyone before me. The only thing I want is for people to treat me the exact same way they do when I die. I know that's impossible and I know most of the people I've ever known will milk my death and talk about how we were so close or how much they cared about me when it's the people who claim to care about me the most that have helped pushed me to the edge. When we die no one knows what happens. At least I don't know what happens. I hope it's just the end. No more dread, pain, regret, sadness, dissasociation, no more anything at all. 

Sorry for the long wall of text if anyone actually sees this. :/