I have so much going for me, but I can't stop thinking about itI feel a bit nervous about posting here. I'm a 22F. I've had suicidal thoughts that crop up from time to time since I was a teen, but it seems worse lately.

I don't know what's wrong with me, but for the past few months I keep thinking about shooting myself in the head. It's such a clear mental image, and my mind just keeps going back to it. I don't own a gun, and I don't know the likelihood of me actually following through with this (probably low) but the fact that these thoughts are so persistent makes me worry, especially because these thoughts are persisting regardless of how my life is going.

Right now I have a lot to look forward to. I'm starting a new job in a few days, I've been working out, and I've been dating again since a sad breakup I had about 5 months ago. I hooked up with someone I really liked on NYE. But less than half an hour later, as I was going to sleep, there it was again, this sinking feeling and thought of putting a gun to my head.

There are some bad things too; my most recent relationship had me taking care of my SO to the point that I was neglecting myself. And after 9 months, even though I gave her all my energy and time, she still left me for one of my good friends. Every time I think about it now I just feel rage and humiliation and betrayal so strongly. She's been trying to talk to me again recently and it makes me want to scream, or die, I just hate her so much and I resent her happiness without me. I've been through many, many breakups, but nothing like this. I've been ignoring her, because I know it's best, but it's stirring up some really dark thoughts.

Anyway, I'm already going on too long. I was just hoping for some kind words tonight, and maybe some insight on the process for getting counseling. I've asked my parents for financial help for counseling but they've refused; I don't think they understand depression very well. Thank you everyone for taking the time to read this.