Will anyone please read this? I just want one person to know my story.This will be a long read. So thank you if read this whole through.

First of all I'm an introvert.
  
A bit of back story. I'm the only male child of my family of five with a younger and an older sister. My father is a concervative muslim. 4 years ago my sister ran away with a guy. They married and then my sister returned a year later. And they got divorced. My story starts there.  

This whole thing pulled me into a long duration of depression. My family broke completely. You can guess what this can do to a family. Our parents are still together but nothing is what it was before. We were having really bad money problem. My father's business had closed a few years before. So in 2016 my father went to another country to start a new business. that failed too. So in 2017 he went to a different country to start another business. Which also failed. In 2018 he moved to South Africa. The business there is good but he is not happy there. All this depressed me even more. Because I couldn't do anything, I couldn't help him in any way. So in 2017 I failed an exam because of which I couldn't pass high school. This utterly and completely destroyed me. I was a mid-good level student before this I had respectable results. But I couldn't trust myself anymore after this. I had the chance to sit for the same exam this year. But I ruined the chance myself. Because I thought I wouldn't be able to pass the test anyway. I thought rather than sitting for the test and failing it I'd rather go to south africe and help my father. But I couldn't say this to my family. So yeah the time has passed for me to sit for the exam. But my family doesn't know this. Because I kept telling them everything is ok at my school and I'd be able to sit for the exam.

Now a week before, I told my mom that I don't want to give my exam and pass high school. She told no directly. I tried to convince her but she didn't listen. Now the time of the exam is a week or two later. So they day before yesterday they started to press me to know what's going on at school if everything was okay. I lied again. Yesterday everyone sat me down and started pressing me. They found out some lies that I had told them. Today one of my cousin was supposed to go to my school with me. So last night I made the decision to end my life. And today I've run away. I won't discuss the method I've chosen.

So this is my story. I know this will completely ruin my family. My father might even divorce my mom. But I don't know what else I can do. I can't face my family after what I've done.

