A Letter to the Person I Hurt.its a long one guys

&amp;#x200B;

Its been years now, idk how long maybe 10 im not sure, but I had a dream about you like it was yesterday.  It brought back so many feelings, im so ashamed. I wonder now do you ever think of me, do you understand, did you ever forgive me?

 Do you remember when I called you? And i got mad at you for ignoring me, I was desperate and delusional, I was drunk and trying to kill myself, do you understand now that i was in pain??? I'm so sorry I called, I shouldn't have, I wish i could take it all back now, you were so mad at me.  

Did you tell them? Did you know that everyone would find out? that everyone would talk behind my back, that no one would tell me.  Do you regret it? I'm sorry, I'm bipolar, but I didn't know it at the time, i thought it was love but it was an obsession, it was mania, it was something that was out of my control, not that thats an excuse.  I'm so sorry I never meant to upset you, I wish i could take back what i said out of anger. I just wanted someone to understand what i was going though. Im sorry I picked you. 

ive matured, im not that impulsive girl anymore I have a better handle on my emotions and even though it has been years since we last spoke that last email you sent me still cuts deep, the words you said still haunt me to this day just like a fresh cut it still hurts even after all this time.

can i tell you something, you don't even have to say anything I just need someone to talk to, you dont even have to listen, ive somehow have survived this long but I still want to die, ive tried so many times ive lost track. I wish i could tell someone but there is not one i can tell.

Did you know I'm in a serious relationship, I found love and I hope you did to. i hope that life has been good for you because it hasn't been good for me.  i hope that you have forgiven me... I wish i could tell you this but you blocked me. do you think that it would be okay if i sent you this message to let you know how sorry i am for all i did and how i hurt so many other people? 

just my thoughts on a relationship i ruined years ago... i woke up depressed just thinking about him. not that i wasn't depressed before, i just want to die right now really bad thanks for reading.