How can I help my old best friend.We were best friends for about 10 years. Never any fights or “drama”. We are both 26. Last year I had my own personal turmoil and I cheated on my partner, who is a mutual friend of ours. It was a bad situation, and my friend took this very personally. 
He shut me out for the better part of the year, but finally reconnected with me in January of 2020. During the time I was not around, my friend started distancing himself from our other friends as well. We had a fairly tight knit group, so I was shocked to find that he had pushed them away as well.
This friend has dealt with depression and body image issues as long as I can remember. When we reconnected he confessed that he planned to commit suicide after paying off his debts so he wouldn’t leave the financial burden for his family. 
This quantity was fairly large, so I figured I had time to help him myself. I had also attempted suicide during the whole cheating fiasco, like I said it was a bad time. I thought this experience might provide some level of understanding because he knew that I know how he feels.
(I went to a doctor, got on meds and did therapy, I’m better.)

Keep in mind now, I was the only one he let back in a little and continued to ignore everyone else even though they all reached out (and even months later, still do). 

Anyway, my friend and I got into an argument over shutting out the other friends, (he was saying some crappy things about our mutual friend) and he admitted that he did not stick by my side through the cheating thing because his family told him that I needed him, and he did not want to be told what to do. Childish, I know. I was hurt at this, and that was the last time I talked to him on the phone. 

I reached out later that day and apologized for the argument and have tried countless times to make amends. He was talking to me once in a while like nothing happened, sending me a text here and there, a photo, a link, whatever. 

Now he completely ignores me, ignores my family (who even though he and I weren’t talking, still maintained a relationship with- he hung out with my nana every weekend with our without me) and ignores every friend I see posting on his social media stuff, regardless of if they are mutual or not. 

The confusing thing is, he still posts, he still gets passionate about politics and bettering the world, but he just ignores everyone. 

I still send him messages like “thinking of you” or a photo that made me smile, little pep talks, and sometimes I ask if we can go for a walk or something (we used to take nature walks all the time). 

He does respond sometimes, but very rarely. And it’s usually, “I can’t, I’m sorry” or “I hope you are well too” and that’s it, so I can tell he cares enough to not block me. 

He’s doing well at work and it’s been almost 10 months since he told me his plan, and I’m very worried that he’s getting close to his goal and I can’t help him in time. I reached out to his mother today and I plan to talk to her tomorrow. I don’t want to betray his trust but I still love this guy, he’s my best friend and always will be, ether he wants me there or not.

I don’t know what to do that isn’t going to embarrass him or institutionalize him. I was hesitant to talk to his family but I can’t pretend that I can help anymore, because I don’t know if I can.