I want to die, so badly. But I'm so scaredI've had depression for roughly four years. On effexor and wellbutrin and in therapy for about a year. I've been lonely and unwanted my entire life. 

My thoughts are everywhere and I don't even know where to start. My parents always wanted a boy. I was reminded of that fact almost every day when I was a child. Apparently when I was born, my mom pushed me away saying she didn't want me. I was completely friend-less from kindergarten to grade 7, had friends for two glorious years even though they never really included me in their after school stuff, but I soon went back to being forever alone in High school. I spent many lunch breaks crying in the bathroom when my 'friends' would forget to invite me out with them. I'm still friends with some of them, and they're nicer now, but they all live far away and only reply to my initial contact. 

I always hoped university would be better, but as a commuter, it was hard making any close friends. People tended to stick to their dorm friends. Only friend I ever had was my sister, but she forgot about me the moment she met her husband who I've had some issues with in the past. Spent most of my birthdays alone. 25th was the worst because people promised they would come, but everyone cancelled on the day of. Spent that day crying. Now I'm 27 and hoping I'll join the famous 27 club this year, even though I'm not famous :P. New years 2011, pretended that I had plans so my parents wouldn't feel bad about going out. Got dressed up, drove around for 30 minutes, came back home and cried myself to sleep. Wondering how I'll top that up this NYE! LOL. That's just the summary. Lots more pathetic stories in the book of my life. Now I give up. My childhood bullies, the three boyfriends I've had (who have all seen the "real" me and deemed me unworthy), dad,  brother-in-law, everyone was right. I'm meant to die alone and I've accepted it. But I'm just afraid of the pain. I'm seriously very afraid of the pain. 

Only my mom would miss me. No one else would (I know, because in the past 5 weeks after I decided to stop begging people to hang out with me, not ONE person has called, texted, emailed, facebooked, etc. to see how I am or what I'm up to). So the effect of my death isn't a big concern, especially since my mom will manage. She has a grand daughter and a new grandchild on the way to occupy her time with. And without me around, she'll actually have money and time to go do the things she wants to do! I'm just a leech who goes to school, can't find a job and a source of constant worry for her. 

TL;DR: chronically lonely. Will not be missed and want to know how I get over this damn fear?!