Autistic and want to get out asap..Posted the same thing on r/aspergers as this is relevant to the main reason I want to off myself at least in 2020. Posting it here too to get some viewpoints from people with a wider variety of experiences with crappy lives.

 

Asperger's is a fucking curse and I wish my dad were shot in the balls as a kid so I'd not be here right now. Now that I have this out of the way, let me give you the two reasons why life as an autistic is so pointless.

1. No freaking chance of a fulfilling career. Why the hell am I attending university if all I'm gonna be is stuck at the lowest possible placement forever. I'm not going to ask my boss for a raise or a promotion or to any sort of teamwork with my colleagues. Of course, that is if I ever even get a job, because practically all of them want me to be a 'team player' with 'superb social skills'. Yeah fuck that. I'm not going to be a janitor with a PhD in a STEM field, rather be jobless.
2. Never going to have someone to call my own. I'd like to kick the asses of all NTs who think aspies are soulless and emotionless. I'm at the age where a mate is practically a necessity. Well good luck with that. I can't do anything about my social skills and society will maybe start accepting autistics long after I'm gone or wouldn't care anymore.

So basically, a fulfilling life. Two main things everybody else can have in their lives. I have no hope. Any therapist or a loved one would tell you it will get better yadda yadda. True in most cases, not for autistics. I know exactly what awaits me tomorrow or the next decade for that matter. Pain and more pain and disappointment. For me and I guess many like me, the chances of something actually getting better are close to a religious miracle. As in, there is no point in hoping. How many autistics have died alone in misery for every Einstein in the world? Not planning for 50 more years of pure mental torture for an infinitesimally tiny possibility for a somewhat normal life.

Username is relevant. Too pussy to take a fast way out. Hoping to go on a long enough bender one day so that the withdrawals would get me.