People think I'm nice but really I'm kind of awful.Apologies for the throwaway account, but a couple people I know in real life know my reddit username.

I'm the one in my group of friends who takes care of everyone else. People come to me for advice, for a listening ear, and I do the best I can. I work as a student chaplain at a children's hospital and the chaplains there tell me I'm a natural. But really, I'm kind of terrible.

My brother's friend just died in a motorcycle accident. This happened Wednesday, I found out through my dad on Friday. I haven't been in contact with my brother yet, really, because I'm an awful person. My brother and I are not close and I've been trying to figure out what to say...and should I call? Text? And the big reason I haven't been in touch is because me and my boyfriend of 10 months are probably breaking up and I feel like absolute shit. Yes, I know that is NOWHERE NEAR the magnitude of a death, yes I realize I am a shitty person, but I'm trying to muster up the strength to care for another person right now when my own life is falling apart.

My mom texted me today saying I haven't talked to her in ages (we are also not close, she was abusive to me when I was a child, but we have an okay relationship now) and I called her and told her me and my BF might be breaking up but didn't go into details. I told her I felt shitty for not having contacted my brother yet and she basically scolded me (which I completely had coming) and said that because she knows I lost a friend (an ex-girlfriend died of alcohol poisoning a few years ago and I was devastated)  that she'd thought I'd be helpful to my brother. And she said that he doesn't know that I'm wrapped up in my own shit. But there's no legitimate way I can say that because either way it's selfish and awful. And I don't even know how I can be there for them, but I have to. Yes, I realize my problems aren't that bad and I'm just some stupid, whiny girl with psychological issues.

My boyfriend is at the gym right now but he said he's walking back home from the subway once he gets off the subway on the way back and then we'll talk on the phone. 90% sure I am breaking things off. Yes, I know doing it over the phone is shit, but he doesn't know when he'll have time to meet me in person. I don't know what I'll do...we really love each other but I don't think either of us can do this anymore. He's been my rock for nearly the past year and now I'm losing that.

My birthday party is next week and my actual birthday is Christmas eve and my birthday is usually a big deal and full of joy for me but right now I can't see myself making it through the next few days. I don't know how I'm going to take care of my brother even though it's what I should do. I don't know how I'm going to go to the hospital tomorrow and take care of all these people who have it worse than me when I can't stop crying. People seem to think I'm good but really I feel like I don't even deserve to live.