An interesting titleIt’s so hard to handle. My entire life has been a huge trainwreck. Since young, my father would alternate between talking to me about bands to hitting me when just out of nowhere. My brother molested me when I was younger, too, and my mother did her best but to this day still tries to justify everything. All my childhood I remember just getting blamed for everything that went wrong in their day. All I can do at this age is lock myself in my room with a knife by my side and try my best to avoid them on a daily basis, which is easier now that they simply ignore me and I simply ignore them. I love my mother but I do believe she is stuck in a bad situation, so she just lets me do whatever I want, and when I bring up my depression and suicide to her, she just says that we’ll go see the psychiatrist soon, or chokes it up to teenage angst. The medication that I take just makes me slower and calmer, but it doesn’t make me any less suicidal. I have been skipping my medication and I realized that I’m more productive, but just as suicidal. I don’t care if I’m angry. I don’t care if I’m violent. I just don’t want anything to slow me down, if it’s not even going to help my pain. Everyday I wish I could just numb myself and keep on going. I never had close friends I can talk to. They all just brush me away. The last time I told one of them I wanted to end my life, all I got in reply was a “same”. I’m so fucking lonely, yet I want to be alone. I’ve attempted suicide many times now, but I always end up throwing up or failing, waking up healthy the next morning. I wish I had a gun to blow my brains out, but I can’t attain a gun where I live. The only reason I’m holding out for a short while is because I don’t want to hurt my mother, and since my boyfriend is not in town I want to see him one last time before I do it, and also that it’s a sin based on my religion, but I don’t think that matters because I’ve already attempted it. I hate being alive. I don’t see a future. Everyone leaves me. I’m sure my boyfriend will leave when he gets sick of me. I don’t think I’m good enough. I think my mother is already tired of me. I want to sleep. My dreams are always fun. A few nights ago I dreamt of this same guy I dream about and a younger version of myself going to an old penny arcade. I hated waking up from that. When I was young, all I wanted was a nuclear family and I always worked towards that, but now all I am is tired and I feel like I’m trapped inside a wall that I can never fucking leave. 