I don't know what else to doAll my life I've hated myself. Even when I was like 7, I didn't know it was selfhatred but any fantasy I had that ended in my happiness wasn't centred around me, but someone I thought looked a lot better than me. I don't think my looks are the majority of my self hatred, but they've definitely hurt it. I've been shoved out of family photos by the photographer since I was young, I've seen people constantly compliment my brother's looks, only to turn to me and go, "Wow... you're hair is just so curly," I've been taken to a hundred different barbers because my dad hoped they could fix my hair, but my hair isn't my only problem.

Because I've hated how I look I started projecting my anger at myself onto others, and I'm trying to get better at it but sometimes I don't realise I'm doing it. I'll make what I thought would be a joke only to reflect and realise I'm just insulting people like an asshole, because I'm just an asshole.

I don't wanna be an asshole, and I've started to stop insulting people even as a very clear joke, which has lead to more insults thrown at myself. I'd rather insult my self than make someone feel bad because I feel bad, so I'm not going to continue doing it, but I'm just realising that no ever wanted me even before I started projecting. I have two brothers who are closer than St Paul to Minneapolis, one of whom I haven't spoken to since December, the other only talks to me when the other one's at work. I didn't know people were actually friends with their siblings until I was in high school.

I just don't know what it's like to be wanted and to know that you're wanted, and I just don't want to live and be alone, but the idea of anyone being close to me makes me more uncomfortable than the idea of dying. No one's ever shown romantic interest in me and I don't think I deserve to be loved.

I've been so self conscious about my looks I've shared nudes on the internet since I was 12 probably because paedos will tell you no matter what that you're attractive, and it's made my self confidence worsen because no one will tell me that in person.

Idk, I know this post is a mess, but, especially recently now that I'm going to college and am about to put myself in a huge amount of debt when it's all going to be for nothing as the US collapses, I've been thinking about going and buying enough benedryl to OD on because I just can't imagine my life getting better when it's only been getting worse for God knows how long, and I'm tired of being a financial burden to my parents and giving them nothing in return