The Cold Sore Did Me InLet me prefix this with saying that cold sores are not that bad, but it was enough to push me over the edge. 

So, I've only for sure had one, and I may have had one or two more about a month or two later--but they didn't have apparent symptoms. The point being is that I haven't had anything since my first initial outbreak two years ago. Combine this fact along with the fact that I thought 80% of the population already had it, and that it was very rare to give it when you do not have symptoms. I was wrong. Only 60% of the US population has it (40% is far to high for me to just not care), and you can fairly regularly give it when you have no symptoms. So, now, if I ever want to kiss a girl again, I have to warn her that I've had cold sores, and I also need to avoid oral sex because I might give my partner it down there even without any open sores. 

So, this news is too much for me. I'm already miserable at my job (I've been looking for new work for three months now--my city's economy is horrible). My friend groups are breaking down (mainly people moving away or getting into relationships and forgetting about their single friends). I am not close with my family. And now, I can't even date because I'm a disgusting man who might give you cold sores. 

No, I am not the "typical" person who you find on this subreddit. I have numerous hobbies, I stay in shape, I (I guess now formerly) was successful with women, and I had quite a few friends. But I'm lonely. I've lost my three closest friends in a span of six months (one moved, one hates me now, and the other decides that his gf is all that matters in life), and they really were like family to me--especially important since I'm not close with my own. Professionally, I'm going no where and will probably be laid off in May, and, based on my city's job market, I won't be able to find work. Therefore, I am about to become an unemployed and lonely man who is undatable. 

It's the calmness--that's how I know that I'm close. The despair makes you unable to do anything, but the calmness let's you have the energy to end it. Thanks for reading, I appreciate you taking the time. 