I feel like I’m losing my mind and I don’t know what to do. I keep thinking about killing myself.I have been on Lexapro for anxiety and depression for about 5 months now and recently stopped taking them due to running out of refills. I have not taken them in about a week when I am used to taking them daily. I have never felt so horrible in my entire life. I’ve called my pharmacy and asked them to refill it but they cannot because my psychiatrist has not responded to them. I called my psychiatrist and left a message with her in hopes she’ll get back to me soon, but I feel like I’m losing my fucking shit. I had a complete mental shut down last Tuesday and laid motionless and basically comatose crying naked on my bathroom floor for an hour before my boyfriend found me and put me in my bed and tried taking care of me. It took me several hours to start talking and be ‘normal’ again. These past two days in particular have been so difficult. I feel like I have no control over my emotions or thoughts. The voices inside my head are constantly screaming these horrible things at me, it’s like I’m living the intro to BoJack Horseman’s “Stupid Piece of Sh*t” episode with his inner monologue.  I feel like I have rat shit for brains and I feel so uneasy and I can’t make myself stable. I’m so terrified and I constantly keep thinking about killing myself. I don’t actually want to die but I can’t make myself stop and it’s destroying me. I’m trying desperately to cope but I quite literally cannot scrounge up any “functioning” ounce of myself to do so. I’ve made an appointment with a local counseling center and am hoping they’ll be getting back to me soon. I just need to be back on my medication before I fall completely off the deep end. If anyone has any advice on how to try to and cope and how to try and stabilize my thoughts and mood I would greatly appreciate it. I don’t know if I’m going to be able to make it to the end of the week if I’m like this. I’m currently on the phone with a crisis hotline hoping to get something out of it. 