Can't Cope With Basic LifeHey everyone. I'm not sure exactly how this sub works, but I just need to reach out somehow

I'm an 18 year old (soon to be 19) male living in Canada. My depression started around grade 7: I was hysterical and angsty all the time. I constantly convinced my mom to let me stay home from school because of the disproportionate anxiety it caused me. I was caught in cycles of normality, stress and depression. This happened regularly until grade 10, when I got extremely depressed. My mom took me to the hospital to get some new mess, but I ended up being admitted. The hospital did very little for me; most of the time I was just lying in bed. After a couple weeks, I was discharged but nothing had really changed. I didn't attend school for a week or so, and after going for a day or two, I stopped going entirely. For a couple months, I merely sat around the house feeling sorry for myself. After a few months, I heard about a group therapy program for teens with mental health issues. While it wasn't amazing, it did help me regain some sense of hope and happiness. After I finished the program, I enrolled in a different high school. This high school was quite odd, having a strong emphasis on student voice and acceptance. The courses were generally pretty easy, which allowed me to more or less enjoy high school. Just this year, I started in the Journalism program at university. While nervous initially, I was reassured by the novelty of the experience and some friends I found. However, as the semester has progressed, I find myself falling back into the old fetters of depression. Initially it was just anxiety, but now I'm constantly in a state of dread. I consider killing myself on a regular basis, but I'm too cowardly and too worried about what it might do to my family. I feel like I'm a feverish state. I haven't felt purely happy in a long time. I want an immediate solution, even though the rational part of my mind knows that that isn't possible. I just want someone to fix me; to fix my backward way of thinking, my pessimism, my lack of motivation. I'm tired of feeling so hollow. I just want to get out of this cycle of misery...

Any help is greatly appreciated.