Mental and social problems are killing meBackground : ( I am not a native so this might be a bit incoherent so bare with me )I am living in what is called an "Islamic republic" where relashionships are controlled by a lot of religious limitations therefore having any kind of sexual contact outside of marriage can lead to jail as it is considered a crime... I know rules over here are stupid and the only making of it is horny teens with a lot of psychological complications as talking about sexual needs or preferences is totally forbidden ( therefore laws created a homophobic society as even homosexuality is considered a crime and an illness :( ) hopefully I was raised by an open minded parents and I got to chose whether or not I wanted to be a Muslim ( I am not) the problem is u can't express this publicly as everyone is supposed to be Muslim :( . The point is am really frustrated and I feel like I don't belong in here and I am tired of pretending to believe in something that I don't believe in and added to some psychological problems I developed a lot of suidal thoughts.. main problem : I never had a girlfriend and even though sexual connection is forbidden but people are open enough to accept a relationship based on love ... I am a bit socially awkward and I tend to fail at creating any kind of significant friendship with girls ( luckily they are not all wearing the "Islamic" thing ) but I have a few good boy friends that I hang out with frequently and have a lot of good memories with . As puberty started affecting and in my journey of exploring myself I fell in love with this girl (A) she was cutely shy and she never talks with boys and as a never talker with girls I started seeing a lot of things in her that made me think that we might have a lot of things in common . Long story short I kept my feelings for myself for a whole year and then I tried to have a talk with her through a friend but it ended up in her rejecting me ( she even refused to talk to me ) the reaction fucked me up big time even though it was kind of expected but the cruel way she handled this was way beyond the worst scenario that was going through my mind . I was actually anticipating the no but not in this way... I ended up hurting myself with a piece of glass and I almost slit my wrists ... I could not focus on studying so I failed an important final exam ...next year was actually good a new start In a new school and nothing to remember the girl . I studied hard that year and I got a school price for getting the highest marks and as soon as I started forgetting about the past (A) blocked me on fb . It was the most random thing that ever happened to me because even though I kept following her on fb I never commented reacted or even liked any of her posts ( they were a lot ) . A lot of you might think that things were bad between us actually it was not bad yes we were not friends but we were classmates for 3 years and even when I was mad or fucked up I never showed her any signs that can make her feel uncomfortable ..and now after 6 years I am sick of everything I realised that she is a spoiled rich girl( she might be from the 10% in my country ) always seeking attention ( she travels like 5 times a year and even when she is not traveling she is always partying and chilling in expensive hotels ) keep in your mind that I am from a third world country so what might look normal is considered a luxury and she is obviously living the most luxurious life possible in here . I don't really bother people being rich and spoiling their kids but analysing what happened to me with her it seems like she acted shit because of a feeling of superiority . I am by no means poor and even if I was poor I would not accept getting humiliated because of her dad's money . Now I am super resentful towards her and whenever I see her I feel like my heart is stopping. This and the school stress got me sick and I developed a thyroid decease ( rare for my age and gender) . I am now depressed and I gained almost 30 pound , suicidal thoughts are taking over and the world is just a wasteland in my eyes I know I am still but I also know that I have severe mental problems ( I have a lot of personalities in my head that I talk to and sometimes they make me lose control and sometimes I get into a lot of mood swings . I don't know what is wrong with me because mental health service is not a thing in here ). TLDR : mental and personal problems making me willing to put an end to my life