Part 3 of my struggle to hold on for dear life(Taken from the beginning of my hard-copy journal)

This entry marks the beginning of my ob search journaling experience. I've been encouraged in the past to write out my feelings and given the frequent suicidal thoughts that have occurred over the past week (month-plus, for thoughts of death), now seemed like as good of a time as ever to start.

As days progress, my mood typically drops. When the end of the workday hits, I know that's another day spent out of the full-time workforce. There is no dignity to be found in what I do; I am a part-time temp, expendable in every sense of the word. I go to Chipotle, and feel the weight of the world come down on my shoulders with incredible force; I am a tiny little ball of wasted, squandered potential. I have no place in this society, in this city, on this earth. I feel as if I am nothing, and I feel as though the world sees me as being nothing. One relationship has already been cut short, and I feel as though a second is to follow. My relations with [a friend of mine] seem to have been severed as well. I've never felt so alone - my mother's reassurance that she loves me truly highlights the lowness of this feeling, as I can't even embrace her without the both of us breaking down into tears.

Every day I spend in my current job; every awful commute [down a road constantly under construction]; every burgeoning career launched through our program, I feel as though opportunity for success and life itself have passed me by. I have stagnated - there is no growth to be found in my current situation. The tower in which [a company that gave me an offer and I stupidly asked for more time to consider, resulting in the offer being pulled] looms over me daily, reminding me of the dangers of approaching situations with a combination of pessimism and hubris. It taunts me; it laughs in my face and I have no recourse to strike back.

Time feels as though it is running out. Patience has never been my strong suit, and at a time when patience and steadfastness are the only way to find escape, I feel my resolve to continue living slipping away. I feel as though if something does not happen sooner rather than later, it will be my destiny to either join the homeless out in the streets or live the life of a perpetual deadbeat. Truly, it is the love of my parents that continues tethering me to this world. Were they not as supportive, it is assured that I would've met my own demise. My support system is crumbling, and I seem to have a knack for pushing people away or repelling them. Success and satisfaction are in short supply - I wake up and am immediately overcome with a sense of dread for the day. For the love of God, please send me a sign that I can continue onward, rising above this struggle to ultimately succeed. Please. If there is anyone out there (and I do believe), please, send me a sign. Help me to overcome. This test has become too much for me to bear, and I fear as though relief not found soon shall surely be the end of me.