Tired of being meThe past week has been the worst my depression has hit in about a decade. 

I've always had this black dog following me. Ever since I was little I can remember feeling different. Elementary, middle, high school, undergrad, grad school, and now employment...I always feel like I'm an alien around people. Like everyone else is in on the joke but me. Like I missed that formative lesson kids get from their parents or peers about how to be normal and socialize and develop interests outside their own head.

 I can't carry a conversation to save my life. Theres a lot of "that's cool" and "Haha yeah". I don't know how to fix it. I am not attractive, and it takes me a long time to warm up to people and think of things to say, so I don't get very many new opportunities to meet and experience interesting people and events to turn into more interesting stories to tell to other potential friends. America isn't designed for depressed introverts. I'm just a genetic waste with a wonky face, hair and body. I'm almost invisible to others. Just a background object. That nerdy guy in class / at work. 

I've always been desperate to just have a close circle of friends. But something is defective about me and humans are experts at sniffing out weakness, so I've never gotten what I crave. We evolved apes are ruthless to those at the bottom.  I am always outside friend groups, not in on their references and only ever tagging along, even in grad school. I reek of desperation. 

 I'll admit it, I would give a lot to be wanted by others. It's not that I want fame, but just to be included, to know that people tell others that I'm cool and funny to be around. But I'm only this weird looking, awkward guy who is short because I had to take corticosteroids as a kid for my asthma. I am not mad at my parents for medicating me but at this point I would rather have lost a few brain cells to oxygen deprivation and be taller. You arent taken as seriously as a man when you are short with strained vocal tonality. 

The pain is constant and I only have a few I can share it with. I have thought about suicide every single day for at least 14 years. 

I have had a few long term relationships with girls, and my heart dropped each time as I saw the telltale signs of her losing interest as my weirdness and boring personality became too repulsive. 

I am still baffled how I managed to get these three girls who were honestly out of my league, but I knew deep down they were never proud to have me, to hang on to my arm around their friends. I could never connect. Maybe we had some fun together, but not a true bond to show off to the world. And the most recent was ironically the best, but the shortest. I was ecstatic when I heard the L word from her this winter. But then the rug was pulled from under me again this past weekend. I saw it coming in her eyes. When I thought things were going so well.

No real reason given. You're a good guy. Let's be friends. it's not you. I'm just not feeling how I should feel by now. You'll find somebody.

 But I know I'll never be on the same level as even the most average guy, because I'm plagued with these mental disorders and unfortunate looks. I'm trying to let it go. But companionship is the only dim light I've ever had in my life. Maybe I was so eager to have this warmth in the darkness that I snuffed it out myself. 

I thought I was doing better this time around...I wouldn't make the same mistakes as my previous relationship. But yet here I am single again and the loneliness that subsided for a few months is back with a vengeance. I shouldn't complain about having loved and lost, but it still hurts because I feel like I've only gotten any romantic success through dumb luck, not any skill of my own, so I have no confidence I can do it again.

I struggle to make friends. It is like pulling teeth to arrange get togethers, and I rarely get to go to larger social events than 1 or 2 people. I'm acutely aware of my awkwardness in every interaction, I always feel like I'm being subtly mocked. I try to improve myself but I'm just too cynical about reality to have much hope. I recognize all my problems but I feel like it's either impossible to fix them or what I want to experience is no longer possible as I approach 30. I feel like an anomaly, a bottom of the barrel man, a dead end of the human race. What am I living for anymore? To make money, eat fast food, and watch Netflix and masturbate and be alone?

 I'm full of regret. I wasted thousands of hours on video games, the internet, and reading obscure nonfiction nobody cares about. I never went to prom. I'm not athletic or into sports. I can barely even look my own family members in the eye. I never have the discipline to develop any talents for long.

I never had a group of friends all messaging each other with me included, with inside jokes, and banter and memorable stories. I would sweat bullets at the handful of parties or downtown crawls I dragged myself to in college and leave early instead of having fun like everyone else. I wish things had been different.

 I would kill to just feel normal. To not have a miswired brain. But I don't believe I ever will. I am too skeptical to take therapy seriously, and the pills never did much either. Sometimes doing art or listening to music helps, but only briefly.

I don't know how many more blows I can take after being dumped. How many more days I can get out of bed just to work and come home and pretend I enjoy living. I haven't broken yet, but I think about death when I'm at work, when I'm doing errands, when I'm with people who care about me, when I'm alone. 

Always the appeal of just sleeping forever is there. 

I'm sick of being me, with depression and social anxiety and a bad personality and looks. I want release from this hell.