AITA for telling my dad im going to commit suicide?so the mods at r/AmITheAsshole suck and permabanned me for this post and told me to come over here instead. so im asking you AITA?

i decided a while ago i was eventually going to commit suicide, not sure when not sure how but i was sure i wanted to. it was a decision that took much time and severe deliberation on my part as a struggled with existential crises and the general human want to yknow live and whatnot

ill quickly list my reasons to those of you who might be confused:

 - i think life was unfairly thrust upon me and am very bitter about it 

- im not happy with societys current trajectory and want to bail out before it gets to bad

- my body is only gonna deteriorate from here

 - if im going to die i want it to be on my terms. i wanna decide how, where, and when

i didnt decide it in a fit of depression or anything, its a complex decision that ive thought about for many years and i think it's the right path for me

my problem is communicating this to my loved ones. i want them to be in the know about it so that when it does happen, theyll be emotionally prepared to handle it but obviously it arnt that easy because people have been programmed that suicide is inherently wrong or bad. luckily my friends are very open minded and (while difficult) ive been able to explain to them my choice and theyve all come to either respect and accept my decision

my dad has been less accepting. for context my only real family is my father and brother who i have very good and close relationships with them. dad always told me about how to express emotions effectively and weve had many respectful conversations about ourselves to one another, so i thought hed hear me out

i told him over the phone because he lives a ways away and yknow Rona (looking back this probably wasnt the best decision). i thought itd go well, i was prepared with my points and had learned from my friends questions what he was likely to ask, which i had answers to

needless to say it did not go so well. i tried to tell him what i told you but as soon as i mentioned killing myself i guess parent intuition kicked in and he starts freaking out, which is something ive never heard before and sorta scared me. it was difficult to hear exactly what he was saying as he was sorta word-vomitting but it was essentially 'dont do it, dont think about it, think about me and your brother, what about your friends, its irrational' and stuff like that, basically telling me not to do it

i tried explaining it to him point by point but he just kept saying 'nuh uh, no, nope' basically just refuting everything i said. i tried telling him it wont be soon and that im still happy rn but he just couldnt understand anything i was saying. i eventually got fed up with the whole shambles and told him that im safe, happy, and ready to talk about it when hes calmed down. i thought i ended it well and would be able to discuss later on.

i didnt think i was the arsehole until my brother rung me up and told me i was. i maintain that he was unnecessarily hostile toward me but basically he told me dad called him saying i was gonna kill myself and then i hung up. i asked if dad had told him why and he said no and then went off on me for wanting to kill myself. he also told me he had rung the police saying i was threatening suicide and that they were sending someone round. i told my brother the same thing i told my dad before i hung up on him and fled to a friends place to lay low from the fuzz

im very disappointed and angry and everyone in this situation. my brother for berating me and calling the cops on me (he knows how much i dislike them and how they treat the mentally unwell (which im not)). my dad because he didnt understand me and told my brother before i could (i really think i couldve got through to him without my dads intervention). and myself for starting this whole thing and thinking i could handle it.

at the same time i sorta understand where my dad and brother are coming from as i dont imagine its easy learning a loved one intends to kill themselves, i just thought better from my own mouth now than a bloody note down the line. it wasnt a threat or cry for attention it was just my choice, and i was trying to communicate it. so is it me, am i the arsehole?

tl;dr: i wanna kill myself, tried to tell my dad, he freaked out, my brother tried to get me banged up in a psych ward, i feel like shit