Suicide as a rational decision?I’m so sorry for any victims of friends or family members who have committed, a terrible tragedy to endure someone you love making this decision, and I hope it not callous to talk about but it is what is on my mind. 

In what instance is it acceptable, or understandable, or even met without protest ones suicide? 

I’m embarrassed, like with every therapist, with every girlfriend, with every close friend that asks - I’m embarrassed to do this pathetic “tragedy comparison” and “tragedy listing” to justify my pissy mood and suicidal ideation. I hate it. 

But we all do it, and we’re right to do it because it’s what we feel. 

So here I go with my own personal pity party, and I hope it doesn’t come across as me sort of making a great adventure of my life, or going about in pity, as I hate that shit. For anyone reading I’d like them to have a context. 

My father choked and hit me the other night. I told my therapist and he insisted I press charges, but I didn’t want to. My mother, grandmother, grandfather DONT believe me - my word doesn’t matter. My meth’d out brother held me at gunpoint this year, and ever since I called the cops on him none of my sisters will speak to me. They consider me a traitor to the family, and a garbage little brother. 

I lost my job because my dad wouldn’t drive me to work. Despite our monetized promise he would take me to work he got blackout drunk, and when I was to arrive at 7 30 that is only when we left because he decided to brush his teeth and shower, knowing full well I had been ready since 7. He moved slowly as he could. 

My ex girlfriend got an abortion because she was disgusted by my family. She hated my father, she hated my brother, and most of all she hated my sisters because they ostracized me for calling the cops on my brother. She was there when he threatened me at gunpoint. She was threatened by the same gun as a pregnant woman. She decided, rightfully, not to be with me and my crazy family anymore. 

I’ve attempted suicide 14 times in the past year and a half and none have worked. Mostly pills and hangings. I’m heavy set and muscular, not that that matters, except for I seem to tear doors and tree branches down when my body jerks and resists. 

I can’t die from pills. I’ve overdosed on anti anxieties and zoplicone dozens of times - even one time being arrested because an officer thought my intentional overdose was me being “belligerently drunk in public”. 

My family is gone. My ex has left me. I haven’t my job anymore. And none of these things are coming back. 

To boot, lately I’ve had terrifying nightmares every night. Torture and pain, unlike the last 20 years I now am more often woken in a cold sweat and complete terror. I also in my waking life experience flashes of suicide - of myself dying - I see it all the time. I don’t get it, either. I just see myself hanging, of the sweet release of death, I can see myself choking on a belt by the door and when I see it it feels very good. 

I want to die so badly. I want this all to be over. I want it to end. I want you to help me make it end. 

These are the things I can’t say to my therapist. I have been hospitalized for suicide twice. Sometimes I have suicidal or violent thoughts. Sometimes I want to talk to someone about it, but can’t, because at the smallest mention of those things there is legal intervention and what I’d consider a “time out” in a hospital until you’re “okay”.

I really want to die, and, despite what you or the mental health people think I’m right to want it. 

Fuck you for trying to save me.

If you want to save me, help me do it. 

Thanks.