Pretended to be someone else on the internet since 2016 and just got caught by my online bestfriend that i’ve know for 6years and now i want to dieJust to be clear i have never used photos of another person. I pretended to be someone other than myself (I changed my name, age and location) because since 9th grade i struggle to make friends. I spent all of my high school years alone i did not make a single friend i was not bullied or anything but everybody at school ignored me because i guess i'm not very approachable (and i'm afraid to talk to people my age because i always feel like they are very judgmental and compared to them i'm a piece of shit).
I have already been to several doctors but they were never able to help me because even to doctors I could not admit that I was pretending to be someone else on the internet. The people I've met and lied to feel like real friends to me, i've know them for several years but I lied to their face and think i’m another person than who i really am. I could never confess to them about what i did and i have tried several times to ghost them and stop all this bullshit as i know it is horrible but i never had the guts to do it as they are the only friends i have and my only emotional support. In some situations i think if they weren't there to make me feel like a worthy person i would have tried to kill myself. I don’t have any friends irl. I just entered college and failed to fit in the first few days and I feel more lonely than ever.
The only "real" friend i have (who knows me under my real identity) discovered my secret yesterday. At first i tried to lie and deny everything, but he confessed to me that he had suspicions for a while. He collected tons of evidence and sent it to me, so much that i can’t lie anymore. I’m so ashamed that i would have blocked and ghosted him if i could. 
Unfortunately I am deeply attached to him. I sometimes even wondered if I was not developing romantic feelings towards him. Before he found out my secret he was the person i was the most comfortable with in the world. He doesn't know it but I think having had at least one person who speaks to me like the real me and makes me feel like a person who deserves to live kept me from turning 100% crazy and only be in contact with people to whom I lie and who think I am someone else. I guess i just lost my only friend. I can't stand the shame of confessing to him after additionally trying to lie to him.
I am a terrible person and i just wish i had the courage to kill myself but i’m not gonna do it because i’m a coward who can’t stand the pain. I have never been so sad in my life. I am so ashamed that I constantly want to throw up and I struggle to eat. I’m sorry for my english and the way i type, it is not my first language. I don’t know why I posted this, I guess I needed to write all i feel somewhere since i have no one to talk to.
Please don't insult me, I already know what I did was wrong and I regret it terribly, I haven't stopped crying and having dark thoughts since last night