I am at the end of the lineI am a 22 year old who has struggled all my life, i was that weird hyper kid running around laughing and being a idiot this led me to being bullied heavily. Everyone in my family accepted im stupid even I did, as I was never able to focus in class I used to spend all day daydreaming or flunking school alone to daydream in the fields behind my school.

I rationalised to myself that there always is a stupid person in every family. My brother who was the cleverest person our school and is currently studying at one of the greatest universities in the world convinced me I was stupid and I need to just stop being a idiot(if you met him you wouldnt think he is a bad person I dont even see him as a bad person as he is well liked and popular) but anyway after that I just accepted I am the village idiot. 

Ever since then i have gone through alot of struggling, I was jobless for years I was terrible at every job I did because I would struggle with the insomnia because I was constantly hyper and couldnt shut off or shut up. I figured something isnt right as my sleeping pattern wasnt practical and everyone in my life was getting on with life like it was nothing and I was really struggling. I had a inkling I had ADHD as I was always that weird hyper guy who was creative and thought outside the box but couldnt focus or sit still and was constantly fidgeting. 
 
I asked my doctor if i had ADHD and he referred me but he got declined and then just gave me sleeping pills and then anti depressants which destroyed my life after I recovered by going cold turkey and detoxing my body by eating healthy and exercising. Doing this completely changed my life for the better but I was happy and positive for the first time in my life.However I still couldnt hold down jobs and I was still struggling to be able to read books or even study , i applied for jobs and had 3 jobs within 5 months that I had to quit.

At my third job a coworker noticed I was having panic attacks quite often and asked me what was wrong I just said its normal and when too many things happen at once I get flustered, he said I could maybe have ADHD, I went home and did as many online quizzes as possible in regards to ADHD and tested positive for every detailed quiz I did.I felt a sense of comfort because I finally felt like I understood myself and I didnt feel weird for having quirks like having to fidget with things constantly or being weird in general.


I tell my doctor that I have ADHD and I get asked a series of questions me being molested was heavily implied. I was interrogated on whether I was molested It was quite a shock as the doctor kept asking me questions about it when I said I didn’t get molested .At the end of my assessment get told that I have behavioural problems from my childhood I told them "ok but I still struggle from these symptoms, of constantly feeling agitated, constant impulsiveness and just constantly bouncing off the walls among others. I was then told "ive made myself believe I have ADHD and they are going to refer me to a behavioral therapist”. i book another appointment point very frustrated and I complain to the facility as I felt they made a assessment based on something that didn’t happen and I was very frustrated as I wasn’t given the ability to clarify myself as I was constantly talked over.I was planning on killing myself one night and then I decided to stop it and call the doctors in the morning for another assessment, I go to the assessment and I tell them I extremely suicidal and im at the end of the line I get told to my face “if I was suicidal I would of killed myself” I then get told off for complaining about the past doctor that I complained about, the doctor did not care for anything I said and just dismissed it and told me I need to just go to a behavioural  therapist.

After that I lost all hope and fell into a deep depression I lost all hope because I wondered whether im just a shit person, I nearly killed myself twice but I was too much of a pussy to do it. I end up going to the behavioural therapist and I get told that they can’t help me and that I may actually have ADHD. And now im in a situation where I feel like im in limbo and I just want to kill myself .every day is a damn struggle and I cant afford to keep buying weed to keep myself from not being hyper. Ive never been so alone in my life my family think im a lazy good for nothing person who is constantly making excuses, my friends think im just over reacting and shun me for being suicidal as im muslim and its very taboo. And the health care system thinks im lazy, spoilt and just trying to get ADHD medication as it’s a smart drug. I am dying inside every day as I am not able to hold a job or read books or study, it also doesn’t help that im the weird one of the family. My family has written me off and im accepted as the failure of the family, I was told by my sister that I was the physical manifestation of Kharma for all the bad things my father did. Im tearing up writing this I didn’t ask for this I just want to be normal. I genuinely don’t see my future being good I don’t want to endure more years of this.
(sorry for bad grammar or if im not being clear enough I am really worked up and shaking)

TLDR
Have undiagnosed ADHD want to kill myself
