Don’t have anyone, my only good relationship is slipping away and I’m back to the startI’m a 17 year old girl suffering with depression and a fuckton of other issues that I don’t even know of yet. I’ve always been walked over because I’m quiet and nice, and I’ve been bullied since I was 12. My parents are both dissociative and never asked me about my feelings, my day, etc. They use everything I say against me and have to argue with me on everything I say, I can never be right. We barely even talk anymore but I live in their house. I have a boyfriend who I love with everything I have but I’m so fucking sad that he’s distancing himself from me also and it seems like it’s almost the end of us. My birthday was two weeks ago and my only 2 friends cancelled their plans with me on the night we were supposed to celebrate. They said they’d reschedule but never brought it up again and I spent my birthday crying, again. 

Last year, when I turned 16, I tried throwing a party (didn’t even bother this year) I had about 20 people say they’d come, only 3 people showed up, 2 of them left early, and the last one stole my dad’s phone and moved to Pennsylvania the next day so there was no way to get it back. I have no one to even talk to about my feelings because my boyfriend basically tells me to get over myself and stop ruining his day and try to think of “happy things.” I have been suffering for so long that there’s no trace of happiness in my mind anymore. No one likes me, I see a therapist and it doesn’t even help, and I go to the most poor, miserable school ever where I don’t fit in anywhere, 

I just want happiness at this point, enough to get me through each day without crying or breaking down but I’m so weak and beat down that I feel like I can’t go on anymore. The only way I can end this suffering is to end it, I’ve tried it multiple times before and didn’t die and I’m not scared to do it again. I just want someone to care enough to listen to me and try to help genuinely without just brushing it off because my depression puts them in a bad mood. My boyfriend told me to stop using my depression as an excuse to not be happy. I need someone to understand how deep this pain inside my mind is, I feel it every day piercing my heart and slowly driving me to suicide. I can’t handle it anymore, no matter what I do I can’t win, I don’t have any desire to be alive on this planet anymore. I’ve been suffering for over 5 years with this constant pain and it seems like it will never end, I don’t know where I could possibly find happiness when I have no passion or motivation, The next time my boyfriend is out I’m planning to end it, I just need one good reason and some sort of hope for myself to stay alive. No one close to me can find one besides “so many people love you” My own parents don’t think I’m anything to be proud of, my boyfriend wants to get away, and my friends don’t even like hanging out with me unless they have to at school. Nobody makes an effort to talk to me or be nice, usually people hate me just by looking at me and judge me because of a deformity I have. 

I’m sorry about this rant and if it doesn’t make sense, I just have so much inside that I can’t let out because I have no one to express it to. I need to end it or get serious help and no one seems to understand that it’s this bad, or they don’t care. Thank you for reading this far, I feel guilty for even exposing you all to my hopelessness. have a nice day 