Not a risk, but I wish I could be.I've had a long history of mental health problems, along the lines of depression, PTSD, GAD. For the most part I've been having a lot of improvement.

But not now. I say there has been improvement, and it's something I know exists but I don't feel it. I'm just done. I have emptied my reserves and I have nothing left.

I hate February. Coming up on 7 years ago later this month, I came home and found the bodies of my husband and 2 year old son. The whole month I relive what happened in 2011. The starvation, financial stress, fights with my boss who demanded I take a break for lunch when I had no food...

And my own attempt on Feb 11. Of course I have an essay due that day. I have other commitments that day, and I'm probably going to be in a supportive role to someone too. But so many times I wish it had worked. I was told I would be happy that my attempt failed, but I don't think I ever have been. That catastrophic failure is the reason I'm not a risk right now. I nearly crippled myself for life, and I'm too scared to try again. I can't stand the idea of something only partially working, and to be aware of what's going on around me but unable to act. And there's nothing that is sure to work. Except my ******** ****. It probably would work. But fuck I know I won't do it. 

I want to know where my boys are. I want to know how all the friends who left me during this time are doing. I just want all this shit that I can never have. It feels like everything has been systematically stripped of me. Every time I act towards my interest, I feel like I fall into some shit that just makes everything worse. Everything is so complicated. I just want peace, simplicity... I have been in a position to be a support to a lot of people around me but I feel like an imposter. I'm depleted of my resources. I need someone to take care of me, but if anyone tried to do it, it would be false. It wouldn't be real. It would only be to assuage their own guilt - it has nothing to do with me. 

No one cares about me. I've faced such neglect from my parents, abandonment from my friends, my best friend murdered my only child and then tore himself away from me when he killed himself. I have relationships, but I think they're mostly with people unconsciously acting out their own messed up patterns with me. Like I'm just a tool that they're using to reenact shit they're trying to process. I don't matter. I'm just a thing of no consequence, with no feelings or inherent value. 

-----------------
13 days after I attempted, he killed our son and then himself. I have the imagine burned into my brain, and I cannot begin to explain the guilt I deal with. Even when I tell people every single detail, they always tell me I have no fault in what happened but they are fucking lying to my face. If I had been stronger I could have stopped it. 

Then the police. Then my parents. Then facing work. When all the dust settled, months later, I was alone. I was totally and utterly alone for over a year. 

I know I must have come a long way, but all I can do now is wait. I'm just waiting to open the door again, in a couple weeks. I'll open the door and I'll find them dead again. I'll hear the sirens flying to me, but there's no point. His chest isn't moving. No, I am pretty, extra fucking sure they're dead. The sirens aren't necessary. So fucking futile. YES I'M PRETTY SURE THEY ARE DEAD. 

I wish like hell I were with them. Why do I have to suffer here? Why am I on this stage alone? I don't wanna be on this stage alone... what the fuck do you want from me?