To those who are sufferingRead my story hopefully it helps. If you feel as if your life is beyond repair, I am living with a rare disease and worst of all I brought it upon myself. 

I've been a sex and porn addict for half my life since I was 12. I damn that day when I was shown porn as a child everyday. I made serious efforts to heal throughout my life, but I was never able to go more than a few weeks without finding myself at a strip club, with an escort, or watching porn. Finally in 2019 I felt my sexual health declining, but I somehow bounced back, graduated university, and even met the woman of my dreams, it felt like divine intervention came to save me. The problem is just before I met her, I had relapsed. This relapse proved costly because I developed a disease.

This disease that inflicts me very well may be the culprit of my penile tissue fibrosis and my prostate calcifications, as diagnosed by ultrasound. I have gone around the world to top doctors who tried but couldn't help me (although there are still avenues to explore), it is unknown if the problem is neurological or autoimmune or whatever else this blasted thing is. My health is declining and I can honestly say that I don't know if I will ever get to be a husband and father, and I bear this load only being in my 20s. Life may get more difficult if and when I have to reveal my situation to family and friends as we all age and move on in life. I couldn't  even imagine having to lose that girl I love. If my condition is to get worse the only purpose I see in life is to become a priest, to join the military and go off to the other side of the world, or to spend my life researching and hopefully discovering cures for diseased people who can't be treated.

No matter how depressed you are, if you have your physical health, rejoice, simply rejoice in this, your health is so precious it is a chest of hidden happiness and endless hope for you, because if you have your health you always have a chance in life no matter what has happened to you. In these last 8 months I've come to the realization that life is more than becoming successful, it is actually through suffering that we are born and become great people. If you think of all historical figures that transcended simply being successful but had a significant and meaningful impact on humanity, all of these great people had suffered immensely at some point. It is through suffering that we develop a heart  for others who are unfortunate and who are suffering, a humility. Before this happened to me I would never look twice at a person with a mental/genetic/physical disorder, but nowadays I am almost brought to tears when I see such a person at church, just like my heart reaches out to your stories when I read them on this reddit. It is through suffering that we develop character but also a true meaning in life that never fades away, for our purposes and desires when everything in our life is going well are usually vain and don't last very long. For example if I wasn't inflicted I likely wouldn't be here in this moment trying to help somebody in need, but instead I would be in some vain pursuit of pleasure. Finally it is through suffering that we find our true selves and become free because only through suffering can we shed our pride, and pride is ultimately our weakness for it is injury to our pride that causes us constant emotional suffering when things don't go our way. 

"Blessed is the man who has suffered; he has found life." - Jesus Christ