Hey, it's been a few harrowing months since my last post and nearly ever day since I've told myself one more day, one more.It's all wearing thin, whenever I've posted here I've never gone fully in depth on a lot of my shit, but as the days have went on its just getting tiring and I figured what do I have to lose by putting it all out there, maybe one of you reading this will say something that will click for me so... Worth a shot I suppose. Growing up I was not normal, I was treated differently than my twin brother and didn't really. Connect the dots til early last year when I went to the doctor for a lump on my skull that turned out to be a tumor when I was born I had a brain bleed and had a shunt put in on the opposite side of my head and after that surgery I connected those dots and I don't exactly remember when but I was in an argument with my mom after this and hurtful things where said, but she said if your father didn't think you were so special in the head I would have kicked you out a long time ago. At any rate since that surgery I've wondered if I have brain damage and mental health issues etc. It would explain a lot of things mainly why I'm so addicted to sex porn and masturbation, to the point of insanity, I discovered it early, at around 9 and it got worse from there and lead me to here with poor decisions on my part, that mixed with the occasional booze and drugs is a fucked up combo for me to the point of spending whole days looking at porn and whatnot, it doesn't even give me pleasure anymore it just keeps withdrawal shit at bay at this point, and I won't lie I've fantasized about a lot of girls most of which I personally know, and it sickens me to think I even thought and still think about people like that. Things changed when I started going to college and I met this girl and i became enthralled with her, but the only things I thought about her were that she was a great person and I could see myself living the rest of my life with her etc I never once had a lustful thought about her, still haven't and the only thing running through my mind every time I thought about asking her out was "she probably has a boyfriend and even if she doesn't your just a peice of shit and you can't bring her into your life" turns out she had a boyfriend, found that out the hard way when I met her in town in passing they broke up recentlyish early this year I think and the only thing I thought was don't ask she'll say no all the while I was thinking was what if she broke up with him because she thought I was going to ask her out, anyways I digress.. That's said and done with at this point, but I still kick myself about it even now in the crappy place I'm in, that's probably my second biggest regret, the first being looking at porn for the first time and getting addicted to it, aside from that these last few months have been the shittiest of the shitty, I had to resign from my firedepartment at no choice of my own, that's its own story entirely, I've got a half fixed vehicle that's not even in my name yet and no license and half a college degree I'll never finish and a few hundred to my name living in my parents house at 18 almost 19. Could be worse. Alway can be worse, but more or less living the same day day in day out has really worn me down to the point were I'm always on autopilot getting 4 hours of sleep a night then spending the day and night doing absolutely jack, like my own personal hell. I just want something to go right for once, but me being me... Also, ps, if any of you are Christians pray for me, I don't really believe anymore, I just kinda gave up after awhile but stranger things have happened.. I'm walking and talking when I should've died at birth, sometimes I wish I had...