Is anyone older and suicidal here?I am 55 years old. I have cancer but have not had treatment yet, this cancer is not curable with treatment I can live 15 more years, but do I really want to constantly getting chemo?
I am a successful professional but I keep failing the licensure test in the state I moved to so I can’t make much money, plus I am too depressed to work. 
I took out student loans 25 years ago to get all this education but I can’t pay them back. Every time I get a job they garnish my wages and I eventually get fired because they notice my depression or they get sick of doing all the paperwork to garnish my wages, who knows but I can’t stay employed more then a couple months, plus they gouge out money from an already low salary.
My parents are dead, I have no family no children only pets. I am married he’s a good guy but he can’t deal with my depression so he works constantly saying “ we need the money” but he makes really good money and we don’t need that much. I have no close friends and no family my husband would be the only one effected by my suicide. Most others who know me would never even know I died unless he called them, he is estranged from his family because they don’t like me. They don’t like me because I was drinking when they knew me I have been sober almost five years but things are getting worse in sobriety and not better. While drinking at least I had a way to numb my pain.
I know how to easily take my life I am a health care professional. 
Getting up once a day to feed my animals feels like running a marathon, I already take antidepressants and I have already seen plenty of therapists. 
I recently went back to school to enter another field and they tossed my straight A ass out of the program, people hate me I am over weight and have a skin condition due to my cancer, and I am not attractive (although I look quite young for my age) don’t know why people hate me so much, it’s like my depression makes me an easy target to get victimized easily by others. I go to AA meetings I asked eight women to sponsor me, they all refused. I try to talk to others and some are polite and others mostly avoid me, people who look past my looks and get to know me generally really like me and think I am great. 
People try to tell me how to eat to loose weight which is depressing because I hardly eat anything , I am too depressed to eat much but the weight stays the same. Our society feels obese people do nothing but eat junk all day but I eat only from Whole Foods, my stomach hurts when I eat.
No one knows I am suicidal but my husband everyone just thinks I am this smiling outgoing professional, you have to be around me a while to notice I am not the positive person I try to show people. 
I don’t know why I need to be here? My husbands brother committed suicide and he got over it. He is so unemotional he will do fine. I used to like to travel take care of animals reach out and meet others. I don’t want to do that anymore, the older I get the worse people treat me. If I am lucky cancer will progress quickly, I can refuse treatment and be gone soon. There are already too many people on the planet. I hate Trump and the direction the country has taken. I am obsessed with suicide, I just want to have the nerve. I don’t believe in any God when I die it’s going to be just like it was before birth, nothing. It has to happen someday why not now??