My life has been flipped upside down within a yearMy names Mark, well I'll tell you a little about me. Honestly I hate talking about feelings. I was a herion attic years ago used for 4 years clean for years until a year ago but have no intention of using again because well I Know it will kill me. Honestly the only reason I've ever wanted to use again was to make sure that happens. Now as much as I hate to admit it I'm an alcoholic. I drink hard liquor evreyday (kraken a 94 proof rum) I can't stop. My body is failing my liver is failing I have terrible pains throughout the day in my adominal area. I studied anatomy for years. I dreamed of being a physical therapist Assistant. Well my best friend pretty much my brother he killed himself in October 17 2017. It crushed me. I started to feel disconnected to evreything. I failed my program bit honestly that's not the only reason. I am and always will fall short of everything I try. I hate myself. When I get sad my heart legit hurts. An ex of mine told me once that I have 3 emotions. Hate,anger, sadness. She's right. I know I'm a terrible person. I know I'm going to hell. Sad thing is I'm so ready to die, it's the only thing I look forward too. I'm selfish. I love my parents, I love my best friend/ ex girlfriend ( she came out as a lesbian after 4 months of dating) one of the only reasons I haven't done it yet is because I know how hard they will take it. Hatred is all I know. Sometimes o can't look in the mirror because of what I see. I've failed at everything I tried except dying. I've overdosed 4 times in my life. I know evreyone thinks " oh junkies they deserve to die... They take up are tax money, they are scum. " Well I'm here telling you, you are right in a way. Some of us don't want better, but some of us use substances to deal with extreme emotional pain. I'm not saying that's wrong because it is. Honestly if I could give my life to save some innocent child; I would. I didn't deserve this privileged life I've had. I wish someone more deserving and worthy had it.

I imagine killing myself evreyday I think of terrible ways for me to die. I drink non stop even though bit is killing me. 

Take me please 