I lost my best friendI don't have anyone else to tell this to and I need to get this out. This is kind of long. For the longest time my family consisted of my mom, my cat, and me. My mom had to go abroad recently and I was planning on killing myself while she was away. That's not the focus of this post though. While she was abroad, I had to give my cat away to a coworker since no one else could look after her. My dorm doesn't allow pets. We couldn't afford a pet hotel or whatever. I don't have any close friends. So, I was forced to trust this dude to take care of her. 

We were supposed to get her back yesterday. This guy was supposed to bring her to us, but he didn't. We called him multiple times and he didn't answer. Eventually it got late. I thought, "Oh well, I'll just go get her tomorrow myself." This morning I call him again and he finally picks up. He tells me my cat ran away. I asked him how and when. He tells me she ran away when he left the patio door open three nights ago.

At this point, I'm just fucking angry at the dude. I managed to keep calm and drive over there. I looked for her in the surrounding area for most of the day today. I didn't find her. I specifically gave him instructions to be careful about opening doors around her. And it's not like he's inexperienced. He has a dog and a cat himself. But whatever mistakes happen. 

I don't understand why he didn't call me right when the incident happened. He waited so long to tell me. I don't understand how he could be so careless with another person's pet. Furthermore, when I reached his place this morning, this fucker didn't even have the decency to answer the door. I told him I'd be coming. He didn't offer to help me look for her. He didn't apologize. Good thing I didn't pay him in full up front. I don't know what to do now. I really miss my cat.

 I didn't know it was possible to feel even more empty. I don't even know if she is alive. She was always kind of timid. I don't know how she interacted with his pets. I just hope she is alright wherever she is. I want nothing more than to see her and hold her right now.

I already had a general disgust for people. This whole incident makes me not want to interact with anyone anymore. These past few weeks, my depression has returned, and it's stronger than normal. Losing my best friend obviously has not helped the situation. I feel more helpless than normal. Every negative emotion feels amplified now. All the good things in my life are slowing slipping away. I don't know how much more I can handle. I tried ending my life a couple days ago due to unrelated events. Obviously I failed. Death seems like the only constant in my life. It is the only guarantee. Hopefully I can rebuild my courage and follow through this time. I see no point in continuing on. Thanks for reading if you did. 