I feel stupid for being suicidal. My reason for being suicidal seems so shallow.I was born with a condition, it doesn't affect me my health but it affects my physical appearance. Worst part is I can hide it, so no one knows a thing and for my whole life I feel like I'm lying to everyone. It's the reason why I cannot socialise because I feel like a sore thumb. 


I was aware of my appearance ever since I was 4, and progressively over the years I've grown to believe I'm the least loveable bitch out here.


Because of my appearance - the root, over the decade I had developed other mental problems. I know it's my mindset, because everyday for so many years I kept telling myself I'm ugly loveless hopeless worthless useless the list goes on. 


The amount of self-hatred I have is inhumane, I really tried with this whole positive thinking but when you have brainwashed yourself for so many years you're the absolute worst, it just doesn't switch.


Sometimes I get so overwhelmed by the intense amount of hate I have for myself that I explode and literally start beating, squeezing and punching my head and arms and face to calm down because I felt the need to be punished. 


I'm actually fucking insane I think. And I'm all alone in this. Because I don't have anyone in my life. I don't trust anyone. I've TRIED to open up to my mum, but soon she got mad at me and told me if I wanted to kill myself I should. I obviously hold a grudge for that and she's mad about that too. So I don't bring it up. I don't tell her or anyone a thing. She's the first person I tried and the last. 


Today she told me if there's anything wrong I should tell her, I know she cares but that's such a fucking joke. She's the reason why I absolutely CANNOT tell anyone now even a professional, my problems. And if I did end up telling her, she would just say my reason for being suicidal is stupid and look at me disappointed.


I'm actually stuck, I'm trapped. So many times I wanted to cry but I couldn't, so I'm glad I managed to cry 2 days ago, it was 5am when everyone was asleep and i was alone in my room sobbing and gasping for air that my chest hurt. And as usual I woke up acting completely fine, no one knows a thing about how I am right now. Not a single soul. I just cannot speak. 


Being alive is not a gift if you're not born in a happy or at least stable family, with money and an attractive face. Thank you Jesus for blessing me with none. Also thank you for making me be born in a christian family because now I'm an atheist struggling with Christian teachings embedded in my brain. I WISH I DIDNT EXIST. Because now that I exist, I'm probably going to hell after living in hell :-) Fuck everything, from birth to now. I wasn't even suppose to be here. Fuck everyone fuck myself the most I fucking hate feeling this way I wish I was just more appreciative for being healthy and shit I wish I could just change my mindset and be confident I wish I could stop being so useless and just take control over my thoughts..... I don't deserve this, I don't deserve this "gift of life". I'm not worthy enough for it, I'm really not.....