Considering suicide more out of laziness than despair. More and more, I feel like I'm just not cut out to be an adult. 

I'm 28 years old. I'm mostly self-sufficient. I've got a job pays decently well (though I have to do freelance and will probably need a third job on top of that), I live in my own apartment, I cook for myself, and mainly do all the things people are supposed to do in order to maintain their lives. 

It's soul crushing. I've already made the decision that if I were suddenly to find myself in a life threatening situation, I wouldn't fight it. I want a bus to careen off the road and hit me. I want to be struck by lightning. I want to have a sudden, fatal heart attack. I want to just not have to be alive anymore. 

Everything costs money. Food costs money. Rent costs money. Electricity costs money. The simple act of being alive, it seems, costs money. Being alive, living, is an effort. A huge effort. It's not a default state but something that must be consciously maintained. You have to eat. You have to have shelter. You have to go to the dentist. You 
have to go to the doctor. And these all take time and cost money. There are no alternatives. Capitalism won the Cold War. This is society. This is the way things are done. This is LIFE. 

And Communism was no walk in the park either, at any rate. 

We work to get money. We wake up. Brush our teeth. Put on a tie, unless it's casual Friday. Run to catch the train. Elbow some guy in the gut because there's not a lot of room and you need your 1.5x1.5 square. We get to work. Get our coffee. Do something we hate. Something that goes completely and utterly against our principles. It's like a Jew working at a pork processing plant. But the money's good. You're not in college anymore. It's time to put all that idealism away. It's time to be an adult. You're not getting any younger. Do this. All day. Every day. Until you die. 

Life is full of worries. That project needs to be completed by Friday. That freelance assignment needs to be done by Monday. You've got to call the exterminator and get these silverfish out of your bathroom. And these are just your immediate worries. Meanwhile, oppression is happening on a mass scale all over the world. You directly benefit from it. In fact, part of your job is contributing to it. In a small part. But still a part. How did this happen? How did this become your life? 

Other people deal with it. You're not so self absorbed as to think that you're the only one suffering. You're not so naive to think you have it so bad. You live in a first world nation. You can get clean water whenever you want. You eat every day. You're comparatively healthy (though, you do smoke a lot...) What makes you different? Why can't you just accept what millions, billions, already accept? Why can't you just work for a living and like it? You entitled little shit. You're exactly what's wrong with America. Everyone works. You hate your job? So does every god damn fucking person in the world. THEY don't wanna die. Why do you? 

Because it's like a light switch going off in your head. One minute you're here. The next you're not. And all your problems vanish. You vanish. It doesn't matter that you've worked as hard as you can but you can't complete that project. It doesn't matter that your freelance assignments have dried up. It doesn't matter that you need to find a third god damn job on top of the two you already have. It doesn't matter. Nothing matters. Because you're dead. You don't have to worry about anything. Life is no longer happening to you. There's no need for decisions. No need for stress. No need for work. There's not even a need for a burial plot -- you don't care what happens to your body. Let some necrophiliac carve your corpse full of brand new orifices for all you care. 

You don't have to worry. About anything. 

Change jobs? God, even MORE fucking work. Sure, you can do it, but it's so much effort. Scouring jobs boards, going to networking events, writing cover letters, it's all so much much work. And you'll still be miserable. It's not the specific job. It's jobs in general. It's life in general. It's responsibilities in general. There will always be something that grinds you into dust. One leg gets tired, so you shift your weight until the other leg gets tired and then you shift your weight again over and over and over. I just want to sit down, but everyone else is standing. I'm just fucking lazy. Things that come easy to others is an arduous task for me. Getting out of bed, even, depresses me because I know it will be yet another day full of soul crushing responsibility. I'm not so entitled to think I deserve to not have to do with every god damned person does. But, still, I'd really rather not. I don't want to have to take care of myself. I don't want other people to take care of me. 

So: death. 

I don't know what, exactly, I hope to accomplish by this post. I only intended to write a paragraph or two and everything just came pouring out. I've been thinking these thoughts for years. I've never shared them with anyone. To outside observers, I'm the most cheerful fucking guy in the world. But I'm rotting like a soft log in a shallow pond, from the inside out. And one day. I'll split. 

tl;dr -- life is too much effort to maintain, so I've been considering giving it up. 