19 &amp; I’m scared that I will always be miserablei’ve been sad since i was about 11. I’ve been on antidepressants since then but i still feel so sad. the world makes me sad, and how cruel it is, how mean people are. I feel so alone and scared. I never want to be by myself because i just feel so terrified. when i have to leave my friends house i feel like i’m going to vomit over the fact of being alone. i get especially scared at night. I feel ridiculous because all i want is for my parents to hold me. all i want is to be held and told everything’s going to be okay. but no one knows how to help me. it’s such a terrible fucking feeling to reach out for help &amp; have them look at you so confused and not know what to say. sometimes i feel great and feel like i can beat this bitch. but then i get low again. I had a lot of childhood trauma so i think that has a lot to do with it, along with chemicals in my brain. the idea that no one will probably reply to this makes me sick. i don’t know what to do. i can’t feel so alone like this anymore. i’m starting to not see a point. i hate being the downer, and so needy. i just want to be successful in life and get amazing grades and be happy. i really do try to think positive and do things that make me happy like hike or watch my favorite movies. but i’m so tired of being the only one that helps myself. my mom used to help a lot, but she’s been MIA for almost 3 years now. I miss her a lot, and wish i had her through this hard time. I debate ending my life every day. but God would be so mad and i would just give my pain to everyone i love. i would miss my friends and family too. but the idea of feeling like this any longer is gut wrenching. i don’t want to be a scared little kid anymore. i want to function and not take medicine and not be so fucking alone. my friends and family deserve better. I sometimes imagine that it’s my last day on earth, and i try to take everything in and tell everyone how much they matter. i often feel like i take care of everyone but no one does for me. i get that i’m an adult, but i need people. to have someone understand my pain would be awesome because then i wouldn’t feel like the only person in the world. i can’t even write my feelings down probably because i can’t describe feelings. i write notes saying goodbye but i can’t even offer a logical explanation. my problems seem so ridiculous when said outloud. i know i don’t want to die, i just can’t hurt anymore and feel like such a burden.