I’m completely over itI’m not really sure where to begin. It seems like everything that could go wrong in my life does. My fiancé often gets mad at me for preparing for the worst. Says I’m negative and need to “hope for the best”. However whenever I take that advise the worst happens...

So I guess I will go into a little detail about me. I’m a college drop out who miraculously was able to finagle my way into a decent job that pays well... so I guess that’s at least one good thing but I absolutely HATE the monotony of my job, I work in a bureaucratic, conservative, government contracted position where my excellent performance has led me to take on 3 peoples jobs over the past 2 years with absolutely no increase in pay. Due to this I am lucky to get 3-4 hours of sleep on weekdays and feel stuck in the company because nobody else will hire me in a similar position with no degree. 

My fiancé is a compulsive liar and cheater. I caught him cheating one time and thought he had turned around. Soon after I found out he continued sexting and asking people to “meet up”. I turned a blind eye for years. Within weeks of a proposal he was sexting again, sending, photos and asking me to have threesomes which I find disgusting. 

I admittedly used to be extremely attractive and did modeling and acting with some pretty big names. Worked with Ang Lee, Nat Wolf, Ben Afleck, Cara Delevingne, and many other recognizable names. I loved every minute of it. It was fun, exciting and kept me social. 

My fiancé hated the inconsistency in pay and gave me the ultimatum that it was either him or the industry and I chose him, gave up the acting industry, and went into the bullshit corporate world. 

Since the cheating began I have lost every bit of self esteem that I once had. Hell, back when I worked with Cara, she wanted to hook up with me. But now 40lbs later she’d think I was a nasty slob and probably wouldn’t even recognize me despite our friendly working relationship on set. 

In my relationship I have remained consistently faithful from the beginning but have been lied to every step of the way but have received nothing of the sort in return. 

I am 26 and have been with my partner for almost 5 years. Our finances are connected and his constant distress for more material things has led me thousands and thousands of dollars in debt. It’s to the point where the day after payday, I am lucky to have 10 bucks in my pocket after all the bills draft. It’s horrible. 

Now my fiancé has a better job than me and I honestly feel like the only reason I haven’t left yet is because I’d almost certainly be living under a bridge if we split up. I need the extra income to be able to eat. 

Back to the comment I made above about “the worst thing that can happen does”. Literally a day ago my fiancé took my car and totaled it, wrecking it into another car. Luckily nobody was injured but he is exempt from my insurance due to the fact that he has totaled every single car he has ever owned and now my own as well. I don’t allow him to drive the car but I was sleeping in on the weekend due to my inability to sleep during the week when he took the car. So now I am personally liable to finish payments on a sub par car loan, and pay damages to the other car as well... financially I am fucked.

Long story short. There have been many things and many times that I have considered ending this nightmare. A few months ago I seriously thought I had made up my mind but at the last minute assumed things would get better and decided to hold off... 

Now my plan is to wait until my next paycheck (the 15th). Buy a handgun (the 10 day wait period is going to suck because I’ll be skirting bills to pay for a gun) and then blow my fucking brains out. 

I am just so tired of this world and this life and I don’t see a way out that doesn’t land me on the streets. I’m at ease with it. I’m ready. Death just sounds so fucking peaceful right now. 

Anyway, that’s my shitty written post. Idk why I put it out here... I guess it did provide some comfort to vent and put it out there but I don’t expect my plans to change. 