Why do I even keep going? I'm useless and this world hates me for it.Yesterday was an average day. I went to work, did my job, had some friendly small talk and fun with my colleagues. After my shift was over, I sat in my car and drove home. I switched on the light and set down in my PC chair, booting up my PC. It was a comparably good day. I could have been happy. But I felt nothing. I went online, played a few games, talked to my online friends and then went to bed.

When I woke up the next day, I went back to my PC, looked at my Steam profile page, looking at my high level of 140. I had to smile, but felt sad. What am I doing with my life? I'm skyrocketing my Steam level to compensate for the emptiness in my soul. I only have one real life friend and we hardly ever meet because he's deeply buried in his uni work. I live alone, have no pets and don't interact with my neighbours. All I have are my online friends and my "impressive" Steam account. Yet when I switch off my PC, I feel nothing. I have nothing, no hobbies and everything I ever dedicated my energy to was eventually dropped. Tried to learn drawing to express myself. Dropped. Picked up the bass to make music. Dropped. Tried to think of of a third activity to write down here. Dropped.

I lost all my motivation in life, all I do all day is playing games, chatting with people I never met once in my life and pass the time at work as fast as I can to go back to my empty Steam life.
My online addiction probably started when I was as young as five or six years old, when I got my first PC game. Playing games with me was the only way my dad found to interact with me, so we did that a lot. I got drawn towards games more and more. At first it always were single player games, but when I was in thenth grade at school, I discovered online gaming. It was fun, it was new, it was exciting. And it totally emptied out anything else I had interest in. I spent hundreds, maybe thousands of bucks just on pixels, neglecting everything else I ever had interest in.

On top of that, I seriously dislike my job. I'm just a number, a single cog in a machine. Instead of doing something that I like, or that I'm good at, I rot away in a company as a simple worker. I'm pretty good at English, especially when you consider it's not even my native language, yet I never got to make anything useful out of it besides chatting with people online.

My first suicide thoughts came up in my second year during my apprenticeship (which was a different company and job than what I do now), which is about five years ago now. I stood at the top floor of a warehouse and looked down at the ground floor. Jumping down there seemed like a solution to my emptiness. My colleagues hated me, vented their anger at me every day and I already knew this job is nothing for me. I just wanted it all to end. The only thing that kept me away from jumping was the fear of pain. What if I landed in such a stupid way that I survived, seriously injured and broken for life, even more than I am now? I stumbled back from the edge, shook my head and went on with my work. Ever since then, I wish I could just bring myself to do it. What are a few minutes of pain when it all ends then? What keeps me alive? Nothing really. Only the fear of pain. I just want it all to end, I have no redeeming features, nobody likes me, my parents are divorced and the family is in shambles. My job is crap and I can't get a better one because I can't imagine I'd ever graduate from a better school because of how bad I am at maths. Why can't it all just end?