Which ia worse, drug addiction or actually committing suicide?Okay, so let me preface this question with some background:

I've struggled with mdd for as long as I can remember. I started seeing a therapist at age 19. They didn't seem to help, because truth be told I don't know why I'm depressed, when I'm depressed. So, the therapist recommended I see a psychiatrist.

Age 20- Psychiatrist prescribes me benzos, and an SSRI. The SSRI makes me lethargic, and more depressed. I didn't take the benzos because I have a family history of addiction. Went through 5 different SSRI/SNRI meds, with absolutely no relief from my depression. 

Age 21- a year of benzos stockpiled, and a friendly neighborhood drug dealer on hand, I start abusing benzos and percs. I feel the beat ive ever felt. Its great. Then I run out, finish university, and go to a detox facility. Not fun. 

At this point I start doing MDMA, LSD, Psilocybin, and RC's. For once I find a way to stay optimistic without the toll addictions tend to take.

At 23- move to a new city, with no friends, a shit job, and absolutely no connections for psychedelics. At this point I see a psychiatrist again, who gives me 3x as many SSRI meds, and I see a therapist weekly. Great. All peachy. Nah. Things are worse than ever, and I constantly think about dying. 

Now I'm 24, totally drug-free for 8 months, still have a shit job, no friends, and a psychiatrist + therapist who want to put me back in the hospital ("involuntary admission", they call it) and I think about suicide on a daily basis. The idea of not breathing, of not worrying about how others perceive me because of my past drug use, of not relying on shit drugs prescribed by doctors just to feel even worse, it's an appealing choice. 

What am I supposed to do? Go look for drugs again, to prolong the inevitable? Or, should i just accept my fate and end my life? I cant even enjoy my old hobbies, they seem like annoyances to me now. Yeah, i know I'm a Dr. Phil textbook Addict Who Cant Be Trusted With Baby Aspirin, but I regret nothing. Getting high actually helped me. My doc refuses to prescribe me benzos, and wants to start me on antipsychotics, which, fluck that noise, I enjoy not being brain dead. 

I guess my question is, am I being irrational for thinking that using drugs to keep me from being suicidal is okay? I feel like im running out of time, out of space, and out of independence. Maybe I have the worst case of first world problems out there, but I don't know what else to do. 

Ive turned to Reddit for support before, with overwhelmingly positive results. I guess now I'm hoping for the same.

Thank you for listening. I dont have anybody else.