I can't stop messing up, I can't stop feeling bad, I can't see myself ever getting out of this.There is nothing good about me and I just want to die already. I wish I had the courage to kill myself. I keep thinking and thinking and thinking about going out and buying the things necessary to just fucking do it but I can't. 

Nothing is right. Nothing feels right and I can't do anything right. My family hates me, my SO hates me, I have no friends, I feel helplessly alone. I have no one to talk to and every time I open my god damn mouth I fuck up somehow. I can't sleep at night anymore. Everything feels empty and useless and....fuck. Even writing this feels useless. This always happens. I talk about being a sad sack of shit, people tell me to stop being a sad sack of shit, then I continue my life of being...a sad sack of shit. 

The world doesn't owe me anything so y'know what just fucking shoot me in the face because I'd rather be dead than live here anymore. As soon as I have no immediate family left, as soon as I have no attachments left (which are few, convenient!) I am going to fucking kill myself one way or another. Right now I'm just biding my time. I'm just fucking embarrassingly stumbling through life trying to find some acquaintances and like-minded people but it's just not fucking happening. I'm going to be lonely and sad and empty and listless and feeling like a god damn ghost until the day I do it. 

Why am I even writing this? What's the point? Is anybody going to come visit me in my shitty-ass town and comfort me? Is anybody going to magically make my depression and whatever the fuck else I have go away? Nothing can help me anymore. I've done the suicide hotline, I've done all the live chat stuff, I've had the heartfelt conversations with my SO, I've gone to therapy, and there's nothingness still. Life is wasted on me and I cannot wait until I can just make it all stop.

Who cares. Really who cares. Who cares. Who cares. Who cares. And why should they.

edit: crickets. all the confirmation I needed.