nearing my end. posted in depression.TL|DR Suicidal. Explained what has probably built up and led into it. 
Hi guys. I have never told anyone what I'm about to type. I'm 23. Well, I'll just start of with my life, it has mainly been just my mother and I. I had a very distant relationship with my dad that affected me horribly as a child. I really just woke up one day after I graduated high school, and it doesn't affect me really at all since then. Even until this day, we talk, but he is not there for me. It's a very weird relationship because I feel like I don't know him at all. Well, with my mom. I was her only friend growing up. She loves me very much, and does everything for me. But she also at times has to have things her way, sometimes for things she thinks are in my best interest, but are what she wants. It sometimes puts a LOT of strain on our relationship, even as an adult there are many ways she tries to pressure me or make it difficult for me to make my own decisions. Since being a kid, I have always been told I'm an "old soul". It really has been much more of a curse than a blessing. I have always been very sensitive and deeply affected by people's actions. I feel everything so intensely. I always seem to be thinking differently than people I become friend's with. I had mostly one friend through high school, and knew a lot of others. I can never help but do anything and everything for someone like a friend. We were friends for 5 years, even after high school, when her friend that she had been friends with for awhile, told her it was me or her. Her other friend told me she didn't like me because she was her only best friend. It sounds stupid, but it devastated me because I thought the other friend was a horrible person. So the one person I had just completely forgot me. I have 2 friends now, but they seem to only reach out when they need for something. So I'm pretty much a loner. I just don't fit in anywhere. I also am a mom to a beautiful 3 year old. I've struggled through motherhood, my son was very colicky as a baby. Also, growing up and becoming a toddler, he is so sweet, but has behavioural issues and a speech delay. For years, I really can't go anywhere in public without a complete melt down and stares from a lot of people, screaming and crying. I was working a good job, recently, with my mom watching my son. I was paying her, and she agreed to watch him so I could save up enough to move out on my own. My son was kicked out a daycare I had saved up for, because he had a meltdown the 2nd day. He had never been in a daycare before. Then, my mom starts to tell me I need to quit my job. I had just gotten my first ever car. I started frantically searching for any special daycare I could find but things at a $1,000 dollars a month were far out of my price range. So I lost my job. Now my credit card payment has passed, and my car payment. My very first car. The one thing I worked for, so I could have a safe ride and air conditioning for my son and I (I'm in FL.) I love my son more than life. He has been what has kept me here. Now, as of recently, when he was at my mom's, he apparently had been so good with no meltdowns. It made me feel really horrible, because he cries for me, and only calls me by my name, and we have an incredible bond. Then I feel like somehow now, I trigger a bad behavior in him. I think it's because I've been to kind, I don't want to punish him besides raising my voice, because he has to be frustrated from not being able to articulate his feelings. He has medicaid, and all the same doctors I can go to say they can't offer therapy yet or diagnose him because he is too young, if he has any delay, or for behavioral issues. I love him beyond this world, when I think of any harm coming to him, any hardships, my heart breaks into a million pieces. But now I just start thinking everyone would be better off without me. I am going to lose my car, I was trying to get my credit really high so I could buy my son and I house, when I was done with school. I am a junior. I get scared almost everyday, swarmed with feelings that I serve no purpose here on earth. All my kindness I have offered, selflessness, my caring for animals and people unconditionally, that has really caused me more pain than good, is going to waste. That was was helped me along in life before my son came along. That even if I was depressed, I could still spread my kindness and love and help anyone I could. When that didn't work and my son came along, I tried being the best mother I could, and showing him how to care for people, and to be kind. Now he seems better off without me. My mother told me once, If I ever committed suicide, she would spit on my grave. She has always been one to try and instill fear by showing tough situations. I have always battled depression, and the feeling of hopelessness, but as of the past couple months, it's full blown escalated into scary thoughts. I think about just driving off a bridge when I'm driving on one. I sometimes think that one day, I could have my mom watch my son, and then leave and end it. I don't want at all to leave my son. I feel like I just cannot be the mother I wanted to be, I am a shell of a person that I feel like I don't have much more to give.