Suicidal Thoughts and VentingI would first like to start off by saying that, if I could, I would not want to die or cease my existence I would want to be happy and not feel like things are crashing down on me, but I can’t feel anything besides consistent despair.

On the outside, I may look successful. I earned a college degree at the age of 18, and I’ve worked for UNC, one of the most prestigious public universities in the United States. I have my own apartment at the age of 20, and I have a loving family and a puppy who keeps me company. I am also supposed to be a good Christian girl, and I used to attend the local Coptic church regularly.

Beyond my sunny exterior, like I said earlier, I only have dread. I have hated the fact that I have these mean voices in my head telling me that no one truly cares about me. I have hated the fact that I was so insecure about my weight, and have tried to starve myself to stay skinny: if I ate, I would try anything in my power to regurgitate the food that I ate. I have hated the fact that I have stopped attending classes at UNC, going to church, going to therapy, and going to work like I used to. 

All I can bear to do now is to sell my own body for work, and drink to ease the pain. The reason why? That’s the only way I have known to ever feel loved. I was raped since the age of 16 until just recently, and every single day I subconsciously have felt that if no one loves how I look or calls me beautiful that I am worthless. 

You may ask why I cannot go to my parents or  anybody from my church to ask for help. The thing is, I feel as if I don’t deserve their help. My parents did not choose to have a daughter like me who has went through so much. People from my church are good people while I am a wretched human being who has done so many horrible things. Besides, I am sure they know that I am not like them. I do all sorts of evil sins, so I would definitely be far from being a good child of God. 

I am tormented daily. In the morning, by my lack of desire to get up and be productive. At night, by my consistent nightmares. It is all just torture. If I can disappear from existence and not have to experience the pain of death, I would have done it. Right now, I am just trying to decide if disappearing from existence is worth experiencing the pain of death. 