the way I am living now makes me feel unwanted and a burden. . .the last couple of years have been hard to not think about ending my life but now I am in a relationship. Since I was 14 I've always had these 'spikes' (that's what I call my mood swings) that has me have panic attacks and feel hopeless. I use to self-harm to keep myself calm and felt like if I did it I deserved it. My family has never been a help being in a Latin family they shun any sort of mental health I have told them before ever since I was younger that I don't feel like myself or good about how I am mentally but they have just kept silent and have told me, most importantly, my mother to pray to our God and that it will be better. Now, I am not an atheist nor do I care about religion but, I do however, believe in a fucked up higher power. But I don't want to talk about religion. I am 23 years old and I live with my brother who constantly kicks me and my old mother out he reminds us everyday that he doesn't want us in his home. He verbally abuses us both and has a split personality. Whenever he comes home from work he gets mad at me mostly because I have been refusing to go to college. I have no freedom and if I leave to go visit my girlfriend he told me that he doesn't want me back in his house. I feel as if I am not wanted here at all and I have told my mother that we should leave but she is no help. I have been dealt with much worse since I was a teenager I was alone and wouldn't even get up to go to school. I was called to court because the school wanted a reason why I wouldn't stay in class or even attend not one adult in high school gave a shit or even reached out and asked if everything was alright at home. I remember one specific event that replays in my mind constantly. It was the end of the first semester and everyone was talking and having fun while I just sat in the back knowing I wasn't going to graduate on time. I was called by the teacher assistant and told me I had so much work and I wasn't doing well she and the teacher never got up to speak to kids who were socially inept like me but would much rather talk to the kids who were always smiling and talkative. I've always tried to reach out and be more open to talk like them but it was hard (it still is but I am still trying to not be so nervous to talk to people). Students saw cuts on my arms and even another different teacher assistant asked my friend 'why I was always so depressed and emo' Adults are shit and even as an adult now adults are still shit. 

I graduated high school and actually tried hard not to have a mental breakdown through the day. The day of my graduation the only people who attended was my older sister and her family. My brother was away trying to get a new career in an academy and my mother was sick, old, and frail (she still is). I was suppose to be happy that day but I wasn't satisfied but I was finally over and done with but now I am attending a community college I am being forced too. I have asked if I could find a job instead and take a break off school for a little while till I feel motivated to try and actually get my degree but my older siblings (both sister and brother) have told me I will not make it and that if I do they will kick me out the house. They have always preached about having the family 'close-bonded' and 'having each other backs but they have caused me so many traumatic memories that still stick to me. I want to be as far away possible and abandon them. Which is ironic because I have abandonment issues. When I was 21 I tried to commit suicide on new year's eve with my brother's pistol. But I didn't pull the trigger I should've because I told myself when I was 18 I would kill myself at that age I don't know why? maybe spark hope or something. 

The girlfriend I am currently with has made me experience new things in my life and when I am with her I have felt freedom. I don't fall in love with the moment but I am deeply in love with her not because she's a savior but because she was the only one I have been close with and told her about my story about feeling this way. However, I feel like I'll lose her because my situation with my family is hard to take in. She is currently on the phone with me sleeping soundly and I just want to take care of her and be the better person. But I am mentally imbalanced. 

On Saturday she threw a party at her house and I couldn't leave and she understands the situation and in the middle of the night her friend was going through a lot of shit with her boyfriend and wanted to commit suicide. She told me, "If anything ever happens to our relationship and we break-up I don't want you to kill yourself." And hearing that is hard because not only will I kill myself if she ever decides to leave I will kill myself because of my family and friends. I can't be friends with her its selfish to say that I know but I am tired of trying so hard in a relationship only to be the one to get hurt in the end, She has even offered me to stay with her and her parents but I can't because they just want me there for a few days. Her mother told me so when we went to a concert together which was like a kick to the balls. 

She is a very open, free minded person. I love her so much and I remind her everyday and I have tried to not be such a sad sack of shit around her because that gets annoying even for me. She is comfortable with me telling me about her past relationships and ex's. She is very kind and tries to help people when they are down like an actual human being and people love her and I understand why she's an inspiration. She has talked to people who have hurt her like Ex 1 (who she is friends with has problems as well) Since I can't be there because she lives one hour away from me her I can't take her to her eye appointment and decided to ask her ex to help her go to her appointment which bothers the hell out of me but I am glad she told me. Ex 2 (who has recently contacted her) vanished out of thin air but came back. She has told me it was hard getting over them because she really loved them. She said it was not fair to her heart and she felt confused. Hearing that really fucked my heart up I cried in the bathroom but she doesn't know that I kept my composure and put my feelings to the side. She said she is over them but when you talk about it like that you know you still have feelings for that person. I told her that some people come back to their lives because they either want something but she wants to be friends with them and see how things are. . . the last relationship I had they gave up on me and would always talk about her ex as well. I'm scared she'll leave me for an ex. 

We have gone through so much shit together for 4 months. I know that's not a lot for a relationship and I might be a fucking fool but I am deeply in love with her. One day I told her through text when I was going through a 'spike' that I wanted to kill myself (I understand that is a toxic thing to do in a relationship but I couldn't control myself) I know when I said that I hurt her and I still hate myself for that which is way I am writing this post. If one day she decides to leave I will cut off all communication with my family and her and kill myself because I AM a burden to everyone I come across to. I know things are not going well with myself I am not committing suicide but I know if things don't go well in the future I'll eventually come back and say, "this is it. Goodbye." but for now I just wanted to vent how every single day I wake up not being able to shower or do anything is hard and becoming harder and harder.