So does this Subreddit really work?I have debated killing myself for around 3 years now because my life is in complete and utter shambles. My family is a bunch of druggies who probably don't even know what planet they are on right now. I graduated high school but I skipped most of my classes because I got the shit beaten out of me when I came out as gay, so my marks are too low for post-secondary education. My family doesn't care about me and I have no friends due to my repugnant personality, of which I am trying to control, but I can't seem to accept the fact that I am just a shitty human being.

I have an IQ of 156, I can name every country on the planet, as well as its capital, and population. I can speak Mandarin moderately well do to self-teachings. I'm not an idiot by any means, and I am more than deserving to pursue my future in post-secondary. But I can't because I live in a society where your school grades at 18 determine your entire future (I'm almost 22). Even if I waste the time &amp; money to go back and upgrade my school grades, I still won't reach success. Why hire someone who failed on their first time when you can instead hire someone who got it right initially?

Did I mention I'm on the autism spectrum? Yea... as if my deplorable life couldn't get any worse. I'm unsure of my exact condition because I've never seen a psychiatrist, but I suck when it comes to learning in a class setting. So assuming I DO somehow make it into a university, I will most certainly fail due to my unorthodox work ethic. I constantly talk to myself, I am super awkward in social settings, and I cannot learn in a classroom setting. I can only learn when my stomach is full and I'm 3-4 drinks in, on my computer.

I work a job I hate because I am lazy and scared of change. I am severely underpaid but my social Anxiety bars me from growing the balls to quit and seek monetary gain elsewhere. My job itself is 50 cents above minimum wage, so it's not like I'm a hot commodity or anything.

I cut myself for the first time last week. It hurt like hell and no one at my work even noticed the bandages (illustrates how little this planet cares about me). Everything I typed here I explained to a counselor and she concluded I was not a mental health patient. So there, it's settled. I am hopeless and am better off dead. My druggie family &amp; non-existent friends won't miss me.