Depression, Suicide, or Bordem?(Not quite sure where to post this, whether it be in depression, aspergers, or suicide watch. If it's the wrong place, please, I'm self conscious enough as it is, I don't need to be berated)
I was diagnosed with Aspergers when I was 14 (around 2006). Shortly before going to get diagnosed I was in public school. I was in 8th grade, I had been shunned from my previous group of friends, banished to sit by myself at the lunch room and eventually not going to lunch at all. Then my favorite teacher got fired, and it all went down hill from there.
I was home schooled through high school, and I graduated last November. I'm going to college, and it doesn't bother me too much, but I have to stay shut in my apartment for the rest of the day. My parents are currently paying for the apartment because my sister and I can't find jobs. She's actively looking for them, and I'm being picky. I used to work at McDonald's, and abhorred it; not hate, but utterly despised it. I don't wear socks, so when I had to wear their slip resistant shoes my feet would be mangled. Even with ASD, the managers still put me as cashier. I eventually worked out a deal where I did just lobby and dishes, but soon they stopped scheduling me. From that I figured all other fast places are the same, and so refuse to apply at them. Which doesn't leave much for an 18 year old kid.
So I actively want to get a job, but I'm so picky in what I choose, and even then I setup daily scenarios in my head of what working at each place would be like. Only a few have turned up something nice in my mind, but they weren't hiring. My sister is getting annoyed and not so subtly telling me to apply at another McDonald's; I feel guilty for having my parents pay rent when my sister and I were supposed to have jobs and get it covered by the end of May. Technically my sister does have a job, she's a freelance makeup artist.
I was in a very short relationship with someone. We're still friends, as it started. It lasted a week, but we were only together for a night. He wanted to cuddle, I couldn't stand it. The touching, the talking, it was not right. I went to bed and hoped to god when I woke up the next morning he wasn't there. I was so nervous and filled with anxiety that I couldn't even talk to my mom about it. I can't stand seeing sexual interaction even in media, it frightens me, what hope did I have for a boyfriend? I've resolved from that that I cannot be in a physical relationship with anyone, therefore will never be married or have a companion.

Now, how this connects with depression is this: I can't remember a moment where I didn't have it. My therapist and psychiatrist think I suffer from chronic depression. My therapist even believes that I was traumatized from the middle school incident and having ASD really implanted the period into my head. I can't talk to my sister about it, she usually just brushes it off with not wanting to talk at that moment. I keep going in circles with my therapist and mom. My dad may also have Aspergers, but never wants to talk about it. I try to explain to my sister that finding a job isn't as easy for me as it is for her; wherein she gets frustrated and walks away.
And, what worries me the most, is that if I'm using the diagnoses as a crutch. As a kid I was constantly being told I was making excuses for not doing things, such as stomachaches and headaches from going to school, when they were real. So now I'm convinced that anything I say no to has some excuse behind it rather than just a simple 'no'. I have to explain myself all the time, I feel like if I don't then the person will get me wrong and not let me know.

The connection to suicide is this: I did almost go through with it back in April of 2009. I was not doing so well with the home schooling, my friends left over from middle school (2 or so) never came to visit or talk because they were busy, I was in an online and mentally abusive 'friendship' with a person on World of Warcraft. My sister was always working, while I had nothing. All I did was play games, and even in those I was doing terribly. Way I figured, if I did badly in a game, how in the hell am I doing in real life? I had an axe quite literally to my wrist (for added humor, I realized later that 1. I would have cut the wrong way, and 2. the axe could barely cut through paper, much less a layer of flesh), but I decided to tell my sister. I remember convincing my parents I'd never do it again, and then having to get up at 4 in the morning to go volunteer somewhere with my mom and sister because they didn't want me to be alone.
I have since then repeatedly convinced myself to look at life as a game and that suicide is a cheater's way out. Often, I'll look into the past for something good, and I always do. But, what scares me, is when I attempt to envision myself in the future. I don't see me reaching the age of 25. For whatever reason, that mile stone of being a fourth of a century old is almost inconceivable. I can't get a minimum wage job now, how am I going to pay for myself in the future? My brothers constantly tell me I need independence from my parents, to leave the nest as it were, and now I feel like I can't go back home. My parents reassure me that I can, but I feel if I do then I have failed.
Some times I wonder what it would be like should I commit suicide; I try to count the number of people at my funeral, the numbers are always high. I try to think of the impact it would leave upon my family, and it's always devastating. But, I'm frequently finding myself with the inability to care. That is out of character for me, because I'm usually overly empathetic. I'm terrified of spiders, but I always feel bad when I kill one because it was still a life. When it comes to my own life, though, I don't hold it as high in reverence as I do others.

So, what is this? Depression through my life? The corrupted trail of bordem as consequence from an under stimulated, or possibly over stimulated, mind? PTSD? Is suicide still something my subconscious considers? I'm hoping by posting here someone will tell me how they went through the same ordeal and how they got through. But, it's such a specific wish, I doubt it'll happen. All I know is that I needed to write this out, and I needed to share it with someone who does not know me, who can't judge and form opinions on things I have not mentioned.
Again, if this is in the wrong place, I apologize, and will refrain from posting within this community.