I have no idea what to doI kinda realized recently that I'm going to die alone. My social circle is small and I've never really been comfortable with apps like tinder, and I have abysmal social skills and I'll explain why in a bit. But, I've just been thinking the last few days if maybe I should just do it?

I was born with a life threatening medial condition that left me going in and out of hospital and checkups for around the first twelve years of my life. This also meant I couldn't partake in a lot of sports or social activities and being told my whole life that I was different from everyone else.

After that I was diagnosed with another life threatening condition at fourteen which then had the same effect up until I was seventeen, meaning I missed my formative years and was told by end eighteen that I was clear and forced to adapt to social norms I absolutely did not understand.

Then, in college, I was sexually assaulted and groomed by someone I considered a close friend for three years until he left without ever facing consequences. This grooming turned me into someone I now hate myself for ever becoming. Although I've worked hard to change and be better than that, I always look back at myself and hate myself. I also now every night have nightmares about being groped and raped by either that predator or my closest friends or just random people. This is then mixed with sleep paralysis means that I can't fight it and have it wait until I wake up. This has left me with a fear of people in general. I don't like being outside because I feel vulnerable.

And I then found out I may have autism (High-funtioning) which presents even more challenges to "fitting in". I know that autism isn't the worst thing that could happen to a person, far from it, but with everything else it makes socialising a nightmare even with the closest family members because even through I've known then for years I still can't talk to them.

I first tried to kill myself at around ten when I thought about killing myself with the kitchen knife and I just stood in the kitchen contemplating. I never did anything. The second time, I drank a third of a bottle of whiskey and planned to grab some meds from the kitchen but I never made it and ended up calling an ambulance.

I'm currently still in college, but my classes are so late that I'm home most of the time, and I quit my last job because of chest pains I was having due to anxiety, and I have an ever-present fear that once I leave college, I'll be lost and have even less structure 

I've tried to help myself. I saw a therapist for a long time and I go to the gym three times a week, but then I just come home and I have no idea what to do and I just feel so empty.

I don't feel like I've ever been alive. I always felt like I was like a camera watching others lives

I don't know of I want to live this way. And I don't think my life will change.

I honestly don't know what to do.