I need advice on a very bad situation involving a psychiatric hospital. Please help.So, I've been on and off borderline suicidal for over a year and last year when I was at my worst I walked up to a group of my closest friends and told them how I felt and they all just stared at me. Not like they were shocked or worried, but kinda like that look you give the person who is annoying you.

What I told them was that I wanted to drop out of high school and finish my classes online because I was bullied and I constantly had suicidal thoughts. I emphasized that I would finish school, but it would be online and they all told me it was a terrible idea. One of them said they would never see me and that was their whole reason to why I shouldn't do schooling online. My boyfriend basically said if I were to drop out I would never finish schooling and I would never get a job and I would have to live in the slums for the rest of my life. One of my closest friends told me I was overreacting and that dropping out now would just be a waste of time since I was already in 11th grade. So, she told me to suck it up and be suicidal for another year. 

My senior year starts on Friday and I'm absolutely petrified because of those responses to what happened last year. I never got any help from professionals or anybody because my older sister thinks I'm just hormonal and my mom thinks I'm a liar. So, I'm still having suicidal thoughts ALL the time. I've had them all summer long and I'm actually worried I might try to kill myself. So, I was going to check myself into a psychiatric hospital without telling my family and today I read some reviews of the one I was planning on going to. Well, the reviews were awful. There were stories of the staff mixing up patients meds, patients beating up others and the staff doing nothing about it, and the staff insulting patients. For someone else this might only be a minor set back because they can just find another hospital to go to, but this is the only hospital in my town. I live in a very small area and would have to drive for at least 15 minutes to come to another town, but I don't have a car and nobody else would be willing to take me to a psychiatric hospital. So, my problem is I'm probably going to kill myself if I don't get into a hospital, but the only one I'm able to get to is the one with terrible reviews and careless staff. Please help me, I don't know what to do.



TLDR; I told my friends and family I was suicidal and they basically told me to get over it. I need to go to a psychiatric hospital or I'm probably going to kill myself, but the only one possible for me to get to has very very bad patient reviews. I need advice.