Can I write a wall of text? I’m going to write a wall of text. My apologies.Throwaway account for obvious reasons. Can I even find the motivation to complain to strangers. Will it not end up falling upon deaf ears? What can you say that hasn’t already been jammed down my throat for years. Forgive how cynical I am, as it’s all I know to be true with time.

Can we rewind to over a decade ago, when I was a person, with dreams and potential, a heart of gold and confidence to make those around me happy to know me. Perhaps it was an ignorant phase of my youth; believing I could accomplish anything.

Are walls of text allowed? I’ve been told that I talk far too much. However, I doubt I could feel a slight content with my post otherwise.

I married young to a man that completed me in every way. Fast forward a year to both of us opting not to go to college despite our scholarships, and him taking a job that moved us around the country every few years. [I will leave that a little vague to preserve anonymity.]

Fast forward another year to my mental breakdown that catalyzed the downward spiral of my mental health. I was admitted into mental hospitals a few times over the years, of which I escaped within a week with a mask made of great deception of improvement to leave that hell on Earth. I’d wear my mask for awhile until it’d fall off in suicidal ideation.

Fast forward to over a decade; in my thirties and still a burden. Over time life gave me a handful of physical problems that blossomed into debilitating conditions; including a deteriorating spine, seizures, and recently diagnosed serious heart problems. I often wake up disappointed that I woke up at all. These conditions have rendered me useless to drive and work. As I have not been employed since around when I was married, I do not qualify for social security disability, which I have applied to twice; each time I was diagnosed with another new condition. Basically, unless I have a cancer diagnosis, they will not help me. My husband earns our sole income.

My spine getting worse with time meant less movement and exercise, so I gained a considerable amount of weight [not obese]. My husband very coincidentally lost his sex drive as I gained said weight. We don’t spend that type of time together as they say, once in a blue moon.

His drive has not been affected so much as I discovered, to my despair, he was having an online affair the past two years. He says it has ended, which of course I am still unsure, and have very little reason to believe won’t happen again. Learning of this naturally has sent me into a very steep depression even more than I’ve ever lived with [which is saying a lot]. I admit I’ve tried to cope with means of self harm in the past. The ideation of ending my life sits upon the introduction of taking up that habit again.

My husband had become so desensitized to my problems, both physical and mental. But who could blame him? Over a decade of taking care of someone who feels so little inclination of seeing another day. Countless doctor appointments and having to drive me anywhere I needed. The guilt has been eating me alive all of this time.

My last suicidal episode earlier this year, I sought the advice of my parents; whom I get to visit once every few years if I’m lucky. His job doesn’t put him anywhere near them; not by his choice. The conclusion of my own mother this time in a short summary is that I am a “master manipulator” and how my husband “didn’t sign up for this”. That has been a resonating stab in the heart as I never thought my parents to be ones to “kick me when I’m down”.

I have no friends, not even online, where I play games to try to distract me from my constant physical pain I experience from the time I wake until the time I fall asleep. Perhaps it is better that way as it would only add to the people that I am a burden to.

Without support of my parents, no friends, and a desensitized husband finding joy and pleasure with other women I see no reason to keep living. Simply put, I am only a burden. I bring no joy to other people’s lives. I have no legacy to leave behind. I am a smear on the page of every chapter of their lives. I constantly hope that my physical problems will just “finish me off” and do the work for me. However, it seems that time is a devilish trickster that finds happiness in the misery of my existence.

I’ve concluded that if my physical problems won’t do the job, I will end it beforehand. I see no reason or benefit of being alive. In fact, I firmly believe that my removal in their lives would only improve theirs; lift the burden and make them happy. I do not like myself. I hate myself; this empty shell of the woman I could have been. I think both them and myself have suffered enough. I’m sorry to have wasted your time reading this. I hope you can find what I cannot. A reason to be alive.