Someone please help me. My life is over.I am so sad. I’m at a breaking point. I don’t know what to do any more. I have tried 7 different medicines, psych treatment and therapy, pets, working less hours to be with my family - nothing is working. I want to kill myself. Im scared, and I am afraid of dying and going to hell, but I can’t live like this anymore. I have constant feelings of impulsivity and wanting to hurt myself- suicidal ideation- in very specific ways. I obsess over them, and I worry I will lose my self control soon. I have fantasized about running away, but I can’t do that. I have to get out of where I currently am. The other day, I told my psychiatrist how depressed I am, and she doesn’t understand me. She recommended I get a light box. I almost ran out of the office both laughing and crying, because I felt so misunderstood and ignored. I have been hospitalized several times. I went through a partial hospital program a few months ago, and I vowed to get better. But I’m not. I’m worse. I am not going back there. I wanted to become a police officer or federal agent, but I can’t now because of my psychiatric history. I took a break from university because I had the breakdown, and thought about returning and working in computers/IT after school. I can’t go back. My brain is shot, my creativity is dead, and thinking of school makes me anxious. I work a minimum wage retail job, and I get bullied constantly every day. I hate it. I used to wonder why people committed suicide. Now I know. I’ve accepted the thought that one day, I will end up killing myself. The only reason why I’m still here is because my dad (and sometimes my mom) have saved me and talked me down and telling me things will get better and that they would be so sad if I died. When they’re no longer here, I will have no one. I was once told, “I don’t know how you are still alive. Your life has been so traumatic”. I’m done. My light has long since burnt out. I’m 22, male, and I can’t go on much longer. :’(