I feel off, typing this out to give myself some perspective24/M

I've had depression on and off most of my life. Ever since I was in grade school I kind of knew I was a little off. I've never really looked for help about it, because until not too long ago I wasn't even sure I had it.

I only recently got diagnosed in Navy basic training of all places. That was a fun month to say the least. I felt low, really low, after getting out. Didn't really think of suicide though. I eventually got a decent job by my standards and have been at it for a few months now.

I signed up for college classes when I was feeling pretty good a few months back. However, a few days ago I got a huge wave of anxiety about the whole thing and just dropped all the classes and canceled everything. 

Since then I've had thoughts on and off of suicide. I'll think of it for hours, when I'm working, when I'm driving, reading, talking to people, etc. Then the switch will flip and it'll be the last thing on my mind. I've had the thoughts in limited amounts before but now they are much more vivid, organized. I've even narrowed down the methods. #1 being a bridge about 5 minutes away from my house. Never once thought about jumping off of it until yesterday. Had to drive over it today and was noticing how low the railings were. 

One part of me knows it's stupid, another thinks it's inevitable. Just typing that bridge sentence up made me a bit teary eyed. I don't *really* want to end it, but on the other hand it's the one thing I really want most. Right now I don't feel the strong urge I felt earlier today, but the thoughts are still back there.

Wow, just rereading that bridge sentence. I feel like jumping would be my way to go. I'm making excuses for myself not to jump for now. A mix between "I'll wait for the weather to warm up first", to "If I'm going to jump off a bridge it might as well be the Golden Gate" At least that way I've got a goal to hold out for. Never been to Cali before, and I want to at least feel nice and warm before the jump. The plane tickets are pretty cheap.  Maybe the drive to just get it over with will make me impatient, but I don't know.

Main thing keeping me from doing it is family. They haven't done anything wrong, and I know they'll blame themselves for it. On one hand they haven't helped me with my depression, but on the other they have pretty much been there for me in general. It's tough thought.

In the end, if I do go through with it, I'll probably try and do it in a way where I can't be ID'ed. Like jump off the GG bridge without ID. Based on my families track record, it would take at least 1-2 months before they realized something was up at the earliest. I'd rather they think I ran off than killed myself.


tldr: I want to say I'll never do it, but who knows.