Everything is shit.So, my landlord has been pestering me to move out. In the last half year my depression/anxiety has gotten so bad that I've been getting persistant fantasies about cutting myself, as well as a lot of concentration problems and just feeling fucked up in general. Back to the landlord, I finally accepted a room somewhere else, felt relatively ok about it, but found out today that my landlord is basically screwing me on the money he would give me for moving, and then I went to visit the room again and found out it was definitely way small. I accepted it because I felt stuck in my current room and couldn't deal with the pressure from the landlord, not because it was such a good room. While packing up I found out that the stuff I care about most is basically my collection of paint/tools/materials, something I really have no space to use in the new room. I'll be glad if I can get my furniture to fit, I have no clue where I'd be able to paint or build anything. I suppose this is very firstworldproblems, but fuck it I have mental issues and building shit helps me to hold on to sanity. 

I had my first meeting with a psychologist last week, but my first meeting with the psychiatrist isn't until the second week of March. And any pills I'd get would probably take 6 weeks to work anyway. Honestly I've thought about just calling the crisis center a couple of times in the last two weeks. But I'm supposed to have help now, and when I was looking for a psychologist the same organisation that has the crisis center basically told me that my problems weren't severe enough for them (they get the homeless people and all the other severe mental illness cases too). So yeah, I really have nowhere to go but inside myself, and I just feel like I want to wreck myself for making the wrong decision about the stupid room. And about everything going wrong. Not kill myself, thank god, but basically punish myself. Luckily the psychologist said it's expected for what he's thinking about my diagnosis (something to do with my personality, but what exactly he couldn't say yet in one session), so I suppose I'm not completely crazy or uniquely disabled or something. I don't really feel I fit in any of the categories of the treatment leaflet he gave me, and in general I'm kind of sceptical about the treatment, but I suppose at this point it can't really get worse or anything.

So yeah, it's not fun. I've never hurt myself, and honestly I hope I never will, but I'm getting closer and closer to doing something stupid (either hurting myself or destroying something else, neither of which are a good idea). 

I'm not sure why I'm writing this down or wtf you're supposed to do with it, but the only other people I can talk about this with are my family and I already talked to them a couple of times today. So I'm just on the internet because I'm scared to be off it I suppose, 'cause when left alone all I'll do is mentally torture myself for no good reason.

Anyway, I hope all you people are having a better day than I am. Thanks for reading.