Why do I suck at life?I don't know where else to go.  I hate myself.  I wake up everyday and the first thought that comes to mind is "You're a fuck up, you're worthless, you're a loser".  I haven't gotten laid in 7 years.  Everyone thinks I'm gay.(No offence to gay people, I just don't like people labeling me something I'm not)  Its not that I don't have a healthy labedo.  I just have to much anxiety to talk to girls, I get scared and just end up not talking to them unless I absolutely have too.  Every girl I've dated has cheated on me.  Granted that's just 3 girls, but its %100 of the ones I've gotten enough courage to ask out.  My last one I dated for over 3 years and would have done anything for her.  I stayed around even after I found out she was fucking dudes for crack because I cared about her and didn't want to see her go down that path.(Though I had decided I wasn't going to stay with her)  Since then I got my bachelors in architecture design and maybe my masters.  I've completed my hours but I never applied for graduation or presented my masters thesis.  I'm too much of a bitch to contact the school to see if I can salvage/receive my degree.  At least I have a job,  that's the only thing I can think that is positive in my life.  Its not in architecture though.(talk about a waste of an education)  Its not like I haven't had good opportunities.  My dad vouched for me to one of his friends to get me an interview, but I freaked out at the last second and didn't go.  It would have been a good job too.  I've been depressed for a while now, about 6 years, but has gotten really bad in the last 2 years.  Now every time I see a bus when I'm walking down the street I can't help but fantasize jumping in front of it at the last second.  I had a knife ready to do the deed the other day and my mom texted be that she loved me and hoped I was having a great day.  I broke down crying.  It makes me feel even worse to know how much I'm going to hurt my family when I do kill myself.  I really don't see any other outcome.  I haven't told anyone about my mental state. I don't want to burden anyone with my problems.  Plus I'm a fucking pussy and to scared to go to the doctor.  I'm just tired of this and don't know how much longer I can last.