Surviving sucksI am a suicide survivor - but I also think suicide is probably my future. And I feel so alone that I can't express that to people. I am not in danger at this exact moment, but I know I am not a huge fan of existing and I take comfort in the idea that I could choose to stop. 

I don't know how to quantify how many times I have "attempted" taking my life. As a teenager I planned it out, wrote the notes, and then just stared at the blades and decided not to do it because I didn't want to hurt people. Since then I just make a lot of stupid decisions not caring if I will end up surviving - self harm - eating disorders - not wearing my seat belt in cars - mixing pills and booze - taking sleeping pills before I take baths... it can calm me down knowing that I might not survive something but that I am not *actively* making that choice. 

A few years ago I survived my only serious attempt. I survived my overdose and a friend had to take care of me for a few days but she never asked what had happened to me. I never told my family or went to the doctor. I never had that moment of joy that I survived, I just felt stuck and kept on with the "fake it until you make it" and that's mostly what I have been doing since. Over the past few years I have told a few of my closest friends what I had done, but it is obviously not something I wear publicly. Even my bf about of about 2 years does not know; its not just something I can express because I don't think anyone understands. I am in counseling, and my counselor knows - but talking about it doesn't seem to help. 

A friend of a friend took her life this week and I was *jealous*. I felt so dirty admitting that to myself but I was/am. I survived my suicide attempt and a major car crash and associated rehabilitation - two events that are supposed to make you appreciate life - and yet I am bummed I survived. And every time someone around me is dealing with the fallout of losing someone they love - they are angry and don't understand and I feel so alone and alienated because I DO. People rant about how selfish suicide is - but how is it not selfish to expect people to exist when they are in so much pain? It's so lonely knowing that no one will ever understand. And that just because I don't see a future for myself doesn't meant that I don't love and enjoy everyone around me. 

I don't see myself taking my life in the near future, but that is mostly only me existing for my dog. I fantasize about it a lot. I research it, I am fascinated with Dignitas, I read books about survivors... it's been 13 years since my night as a teenager staring at blades, I don't really want to deal with another 13. 