Writing for the sake of itIm tired, and im not even sure why im posting this to be hoenst. I'm long past the point where i want help, to get better, or anything of the like. i guess i just have this overwhelming need to put the words out there.

i grew an only child with my mom. we were poor so she ended up working quite a bit just to make ends meet and as a result i grew up alone. With poor social skills i didn't do well in school, i got beat up and picked on from kindergarden to grade 12. life was a struggle. I remember as a 5 year old sitting in bed wishing i would just disapear and no longer have to live. I cant really say ive ever had anything close to a true friend, and i spent most of my life watching others wondering what was wrong with me. Imaginary friends were the only real socialisation i got, and trust be told they never left me. Ive lived my entire life in sadness.

This isnt the first time ive gotten to this point, i attempted a few years ago but was unsucessfull. for 2 days a puked untill there was nothing left but blood, and eventually unconciousness. Truth be told the moments where i was fading in and out were the happyest ive ever been. but sadly 2 days later i woke up in my room, disapointingly still alive only to realise that nobody had noticed ide been gone. And i continued as if it never happened.

I got help, if you can call it that. a short hospital stay and no support left me walking away jaded, medications in hand. They diddnt help. Nothing did.

I got labled with a bunch of things. Dissociative disorder NOS, Schizotypal personality disorder, Bipolar II, social phobia. Trust be told i kept my fair share of secrets during that time. so those lables probably arnt very usefull. 

I struggle with delusions, and mild halucinations. Nothing extreme, but looking in the mirror is both disturbing and facinating, my reflection twists and warps, sometimes i hear my name, bumps and sounds. sometimes my arm feels foreign and i have an overwhelming need to remove it. odd ticks and movements, lack of concentration and motivation... and much much more that im too tired to spell out.

Every step forward in my life has been feuled by delusion, and subsequantly has fallen apart shortly after i put it together. i have no measurable acomplishments, skills, aspearations, goals. Its hard to find good things in life when all good things so far have been a lie. 

Ive never been able to hold a job, even now im jobless because i quit due to extreme anxiety. all my other jobs ive been fired. 


In the past ive used the one foot forward method for dealing with scuicidal thoughts. i put them off convincing myself to wait just one more month, week, day, minuite. But im just too tired, ive been fighting all my life, and i can honestly say that if i could i would have chosen to disapear as that 5 year old because nothing has been worth the pain. 

This isnt a new opinion, there isnt a day that goes by without me  wishing for some horrable accident that would remove me from this world. I dont want the responsability of taking my own life, mostly becuase of how it affects those around you. But i also dont want to remain an emotional hostage, living only so that others dont have to deal with your death. 

I am tired, beat and broken. i dont want hope, i dont want to be fixed, I just dont want anything. Hell im not even sad anymore, i havnt been sad in a long time, the only thing i feel is tired.

I want to sleep