Nothing changesIve posted here a couple times under a different user. I am suicidal. I have been for year. I'm 18. On wednesday I called a suicide hotline for the first time. I didn't think it really helped. It just seemed forced from their end and they wanted to get me off the phone as soon as I said I wouldn't do it tonight.

I have problems I guess. I know they're more than some but less than others. My right testicle is in constant pain. I've never had a girlfriend. I'm balding. I have many deep acne scars. I've never gone on a date. I don't feel like theirs a purpose in my life. I'm smart, but I'm no genius. I have no special qualities, except for not being able to attract anyone.

I spent grades 8-12 online basically. My friends were all online. They never cared about me, and I would always grow to detest them as they showed how inconsiderate they were.

I've never been to a party. Didn't go to the grad party or evening ceremonies, even though I was the valedictorian. I have a strong phobia of dancing. Absolute phobia. If I had to dance I would most likely have a panic attack and stop moving or speaking completely. I also can't have music to listen to. That is also a phobia that none of you would understand. I don't listen to music because I am afraid of picking music I like, even though I might like listening to music.

I'm living by myself in the city with no friends.

I'm signed up to study physics at university even though I have no idea what I want to do. I don't want to do anything really. I'm sick of work and tests and having to see people who don't notice me. I'd rather live in the basement.

When I was 13-16 I would perform sexually for people online through video. I know some of you wouldn't consider that a big deal, but it has destroyed my self worth. I can't look in the mirror without seeing a horrible person who ruined himself.

My nose is also big. It's very ugly. Some have asked me how I'm able to see with my nose there.

I also have excessive perspiration. It doesn't cause me to have excessive body odour but I get pit stains. Antiperspirant doesn't work.

I can't look people in the eyes when I talk to them. I sometimes mumble. I can't speak to females.

I'm so incredibly lonely. There's nothing I can do.what should I do? I feel like I'm only living so my family isn't upset by my death.