Can someone read this before i leave for goodThe plan is ready, it was ready for a while now but it will be in action this week.

TLDR: I'm going to end it this week because I'm not good enough to be a normal human anymore 

If you're going to read the story, I love you but it won't change a thing

Context/story: it was late 2017, I was having self-esteem issues but excited to finally prove to my helicopter mom that I can get the best grade possible, despite always having A+s. But in her eyes that wasn't enough, she only looks to the "overall percentage". Fast forward to graduation day, and low and behold I graduated with a stunning A+ in all my subjects and an overall percentage of 98.04% with a gift from the ministry of education for being in the top 20s in the city. She didn't congrats me but got mad because my brother was on the top 10s, and from there, all hell broke loose between us.

I was beyond mad, hell I almost fainted from the rage. And I thought if I applied to a university and get away from home a bit everything would be fine. Boy was I wrong!
For two years she tried every trick in the book from manipulation to straight-up domestic violence to make me go to med school, and me getting rejected from every university in the country because I don't have the nationality of said country.

I was at an all-time low and there was my first attempt. Didn't work out obviously. Fast forward to late 2018 my brother managed to find out an education opportunity In a neighboring country, I was over the moon. I set a plan with our dad to go there and get the paperwork ready for 2019. My mom manipulated my dad to take us to our home country to seek an unattainable educational opportunity. We were already accepted at that other neighboring country. Stuck and sick there until early 2019, my mom using connections, got me a physical therapy major in an unverified University. I refused to attend, told my brother to get ready because we're leaving to the neighboring country, somehow my dad discovered my plan and insisted he is coming with us but we agreed to not notify mom about it.

When we got there the University already started, after a month of paperwork I requested to start next year to get a fair start because I was two weeks before finals. And for my dad to let us live alone.

I thought to myself " she is not around, I can finally heal and have a fair chance" boy was I wrong AGAIN!

I discovered from 2 years of abuse and mental torture and mostly due to genetics, I have a memory problem and have forgotten almost everything I learned in high school and my short memory is basically at a goldfish level. 
In 2020 started university majoring in Geology and already got really popular with the professors for being the nice and forgetful dude. But my luck in 2020 was crashing down hard, My mom decided to live with me for six months, And because of the stress and anxiety from that, got 3 F's and 2 C- and a one B-. basically, I am failing, And I got diagnosed with prime immune deficiency. Due to COVID-19, my mom left me alone and got back home.

After destroying me pretty hard for life and her constant messages "I told you should have gotten in med school, look at you failing miserably" I have decided that life isn't worth living anymore. If I got COVID-19 I would die fast anyway. But I have my plan ready this week.
She is evil. Destroyed my dreams and my ability to achieve this dream. What's the point anymore?
I barely get by every day constantly forgetting stuff and crying myself to sleep.

Anyway, Thank you for reading this kind person, don't do what I'm about to do.