Just need to get this outI’m 22 nonbinary. It feels like my depression, bpd, ocd whatever have you can’t let me rest or relax or feel happy. I would post on r/depression but because I talk about suicidal ideation I’ll post it here. I’m not going to do anything, that is a promise. I’m just extremely depressed and wish I wasn’t so afraid to do things to myself. I’m starting a day program Monday. But for the last decade my life has been hell. I had to grow up too fast and took care of another human being, up until she died three years ago from cancer. Then my mom has Alzheimer’s. So I get to see it happen all over again. There’s a lot of trauma that I opened to professionals about this year from the trauma with all that to having years of being put down and yelled at a lot. I had a best friend who I saw as my sister but because of undiagnosed bpd over the years I just put too much on her and now she’s gone. I had an extreme fear of abandonment, I feel alone, I have friends but friends have family. I also can’t stand being an adult. I miss my childhood almost every day. I’m trying to get what I can back but some I can’t get back at it hurts like hell. It really does. For so long I felt like if I couldn’t get things back then instead RIP. I feel like I don’t deserve happiness. I miss my best friend. I don’t feel romantic love, I’m aromantic, asexual. I don’t wanna get married, I don’t like relationships, but I wanna be apart of a family, and my childhood back and I thought I had that but I don’t. I may delete this later. Just needed to get this out. I’m depressed as shit. Adulthood is filled with trauma, depression, death, abandonment. There’s no magic left. I just needed to get this out. I just wanna feel cared for. My brain just makes me regress because of trauma and overstimulation. OCD won’t let me feel happy bc of past mistakes that I think of anyone knew what they were.. they’d probably hate me? Also like my dream is to be a film director or work in the industry but I just dunno if I’m good enough. I don’t think I deserve it. I miss my best friend. I miss my grandma. I miss my mom. And I feel like shit because I have friends and I should be grateful, but I want family, because they all have family and I don’t. They all have someone to go home to. Anyways I’m gonna try and do something relaxing and chill with a friend and stay safe. I just wanted to get this out. Thanks.