I've been having suicidal ideation and don't know what to do about it.I'm sorry if me posting here is not appropriate, but it seems like the right place. Also, I guess I really need to talk openly to someone and hope that even if this sinks in the world wide Web, I'll feel a bit better.

So, almost as long as I can remember I've been constantly sad, and been depressed since I was 11 (now, I'm 24). I've always been on the fat side, and as I've got PCOS, I've got acne and am quite hairy, so I've always felt ugly (and people have reinforced the idea). All of this has made me quite an easy pray to get (not that many try, anyway), as being insecure and hating myself so much makes it almost impossible to resist when people hit on me perseveringly (also, it is only for sex or such, they would never dare to have an official relationship with me). 

I'm very sorry about making this too long. But basically, I've got no friends, had a couple I guess but destroyed those friendships because: GF#1) her biguest crush ever, hit on me until I fell for her (it was an awfully toxic/traumatic thing, and I know it was my responsability too, but I swear she made it impossible for me to scape- it was only done when she got interested in someone else) GF#2) I had sex with her ex (who, I had an awful disrespectful sexual fling for years before they started dating, like, he just approached me for sex and ignored me the rest of the time), who, after the traumatic expirience with the other girl treated me quite kindly (surprisingly) and gave me some company(like, he even came when he said he would, and wouldn't left me waiting all day just to not turn up as the other girl).

Nobody told me happy birthday last month, I don't really have anyone to talk to, I'm quite a failure of an adult (I'm old, but don't do anything an adult should do, haven't even been able to finish my undergraduate degree) 

I don't know if I'm being clear, as English is not my first language and midnight teary rants are seemingly even more difficult to articulate.

In conclusion, I feel awful, worthless, like I'm an evil, selfish hurting human that won't have anything nice ever happen to her and/ or won't ever do anything right. I just wanna leave and jump from somewhere high and not exist anymore, but I care about my family, mostly my little brother whom I don't wanna hurt by giving a message of helplessness, or leaving him alone.

Also, being bi/pan in a Conservative household, and constantly fearing them realizing because I would lose the only few people that mildly care about me. And had dealt with bulimia in the past, with some days now feel like doing it again. 

I feel like making so many awful things to myself and want to die so much, that I may explote or something if I don't do anything about it. 

Sorry about this, but thank you very much for reading.