Personal Vlog...So this past Saturday was 23 years I've been here alive. And on that day I broke down twice because no matter what variable I change nothing gets better, nothing really ever goes right, and no matter how much I beat the shit out of myself to become more successful I can never climb the next step as if something is pushing me back down. As much as I plan and plan and plan I can't manage money for anything. I get a decent bit saved something ALWAYS goes wrong and I have to use all of my saved money to make it better. Where did I or when did I lose the manual on life. Why cant I find the factory reset button on myself. Sometimes I sit and hope this is just a simulated reality like that video game in Rick &amp; Morty, or that I'm stuck in the matrix... that's just some of the little things I tell myself so that I can get minute relief. I smoke so much weed and I can't manage to get anywhere near as high as everyone around me does. I feel like I have no feelings towards anything. I'm insensitive I feel like... it's only gotten worse though since i made it to the top once and was happy in my life and then lost it all and I feel like now I am stuck at the bottom. I try to lift my head back up to get up on my feet and the force called "life" pushes me back down. Idk man. I try to open up to the people around me, but the things on my mind that bother me that I want to talk about cause more issues then good. When did I get cursed? Is the devil real and now I'm stuck because I'm now soulless.... I'm so confused about myself and I have no one to compare too that could help me. People tell me I'm great, but deep down I don't feel it. I feel like I give up myself to make sure others are in good hands... and where helping others like that would make most happy.. it just makes me feel like I'm actually missing out on something.  I don't see myself at 30. I don't know how long I can hold onto myself. The funny part is that I feel like a hypocrite considering I went through major lengths to keep my own best friend from suicide..