Its christmas eve and I've never felt so drab and gray.It's about... 10 hours before Christmas. 

I should be happy. I should be frolicking around, singing and stuff. But here I am. 

I'm a Brazilian 14 year old. I've started going downhill when I was... About 10. I've had a few bumps that made me feel like I was finally going up, but turns out they were just cracks in this relentless abyss. 

It's just... For me, it marks another year of suffering. Christmas has lost all it's magic, and now it just feels like I'm having a hammer bashed into my ribcage.

I don't feel actively suicidal, just... It feels like there's something spreading through my mind, like 1, 2, 4, 8, 16, every damn day. and someday it's gonna override my mind, 

Still, I don't know how many times I've caught myself crying myself to sleep for no specific reason. Maybe grief. Maybe nostalgia. Maybe fear. 

I've started to hate living. Happy moments are so far and few that life itself feels like a bad freemium game. It's full of unfair, expensive loot boxes. It's not worth it; you might as well just uninstall it.

I live with a narcissistic mother. I live in constant dread. Just being near her already makes me feel extremely uneasy. Talking to her is like walking on eggshells, with landmines hidden underneath. 

I don't feel safe around her. I'd rather walk around a shady alley in the dead of night with an iPhone XR, a gold chain, etc. Than be around her even for a slight minute. I'd probably feel safer too.

I was grounded for 1 year because she pushed me into a mental breakdown in public and then punished me for it. She refuses to apologize for *anything* at all, and honestly... I wonder if it's all my fault.

I miss a long-gone halcyon. A time that may have never even been. A sad, nostalgic time where I was simply obedient. Ignorance *is* bliss.

I miss school, just because it meant I got to do something other than stare at the ceiling and weep. I doubt I ever had a true friend. maybe people just had pity on me.

Life isn't worth it. Maybe for some, but as the stronger get stronger and the weaker get weaker, I'll just turn into another dead maggot in the pile. There's plenty more, better people out there.

...why are you even listening to a random stranger's cries on Christmas Eve? What's the point? 

It's all so fucking grim. I haven't gone through half the stuff some of you have gone through. Yet I whine like a spoiled brat. I cut myself like some emo, to the point where I cringe at it. I wish I had the courage to go straight for the wrist, but no. I'm too much of a pussy. 

I'm sorry everyone. I just... I don't know what else to say... 