FuckHappy fucking 5 AM. I can’t fucking deal with myself. I’m trying so hard to stay clean from self harm and the longest I’ve managed in weeks was 48 hours.
It’s so addictive to me. It’s the only thing that really makes me feel better. I was in and out of the inpatient hospital earlier this year for attempts, and they put me on Prozac. It does help my mood by the tiniest amount and makes me less of an asshole- but it doesn’t change the fact that I want to slice every last inch of my skin open and die. 
What the hell is wrong with me. I have no goddamn self preservation instinct and I feel like a freak. I can’t keep doing this but I’ve been doing it for years and I don’t know how to stop. I feel like every time I have to do it I go deeper because otherwise I feel like it’s not worth it if it’s not worse than the last. 
I’m going to either end up dead or so heavily scarred with the rate I’m going that I’m going to be wearing long sleeves and pants for the rest of my life. I have four years worth of scars already and it’s only getting fucking worse. 
I went swimming the other fucking week and NEVER AGAIN. Never again. Fuck. I’m so tired of a stupid piece of metal having control over me for so long. People tell me not to do it because “I’m so young” but I’ve been doing it for at least 5 years now, since I was 12, and it’s one of the only things that’s remained a constant- through the abuse, processing the abuse, toxic relationships, everything. It’s the one thing I take comfort in. Sometimes I wish I was addicted to drugs instead. It’s so much more socially acceptable. With s/h I have to pretend that I’m always okay and I have to keep my arms and legs covered or else I’ll be questioned and looked at weird. I hate this so much. I hate that cutting leaves scars and I hate that I need my scars as validation but somehow I hate that they exist at the same time. 
When I was inpatient last time, a month ago, one of the nurses told me I wasn’t ever going to find love because of my scars. I don’t know if I believe that, but I know it’s going to make shit so much harder. I already feel worthless. I don’t know how to change. I’m so fucked up from the trauma and shit that no one should have to deal with me. Literally none of my friends know how to deal with it. They try but I made the mistake of telling them about s/h and all they can say is “omg don’t do that”. But what am I supposed to expect? It’s a lot to deal with. They deserve better. So now I just shut up about it and tell them I’m clean and wear my stupid fucking sleeves in the Texas summer. I fucking hate myself.
I’m so fucked up that I don’t know where I would even start to heal. Fuck my dad. Fuck him. He gave me a lovely eating disorder that never fucking leaves, PTSD, a fear of all men, depression, anxiety, and definitely issues past that. What the fuck kind of person beats the shit out of a 12 year old??? It makes me feel like I deserved it because why else would it have happened? I’m a fucking terrible person now so I probably did deserve it. All I do is lie, self harm, and argue with my family. I have no value in this world. I contribute absolutely nothing to society. My friends deserve so much better than my toxic ass. I’m too depressed for anyone to deal with, so I just act like I’m not. I wish that I would grow a pair and push everyone away so that they would stop caring. 
I was so fucking sad when I woke up in the hospital in May. I thought for sure it was going to work that time. Inpatient feels like you’re being forced to stay alive. They just give you distractions so you don’t remember how much you actually want to die. I liked that it was a break from the world but it was just putting off the inevitable.
Sorry if you read this far, it’s just a stupid vent. Fuck everything, I’m so sick of pretending I’m okay. I’m not and I’m probably going to end up killing myself because I can’t do this shit anymore. Kisses!