Child molester getting what he deservesI’m a child molester...I was 14 when I did it. 

It’s amazing how many different ways you try and rationalize it at first...but still arrive back at the same conclusion every time...that you’re just not a good person.

You wonder if you did it because you just weren’t good enough...or strong enough...or smart enough. You wonder what you live for...you’re really just a fake...everyone wants you dead...why do you even try...why do you go to work...why do you eat...why do you even bother smiling...who are you trying to fool...you don’t belong here. You don’t really belong anywhere...by every standard, you’re nothing.

You feel guilt for a long time...but then you go numb, because you know deep down, feeling guilty doesn’t really do anything...it doesn’t really make you a better person...because it doesn’t change anything...it doesn’t change what you did. Feeling bad starts feeling good...because you know that bad is all you should feel...so you’re finally doing the right thing...you hate yourself...and that’s good...the only good you have in you.

You’re at the bottom of the criminal food chain...murders are better than you. You know that when people think about what you are, they picture a greasy haired, fat, smelly bastard...with dandruff on his shoulders...and potato chips in his patchy beard...who never brushes his teeth...who drives a taxi...and watches children play in the park while he jacks off in the bushes. You know people think you’re not smart...or capable of good; you’re like a rat to them...you’re mind is a shit sewer...you’re a bug...you’re the dog shit under someone’s shoe...and then...eventually...you just believe it...because you can’t defend yourself...not really...because you’re not a good person...it’s easier to just see yourself the way everyone else does. 

The self loathing feels good...you start to realize you don’t really care about...anything...anymore. You wonder if you can make the feeling bigger...you want it to be all you feel...you want to be even more numb...and by the time the pills are in your mouth...you’re not even scared...because it’s long overdue. 

I picked pills because I’m a coward...I should use a gun...but whatever...it doesn’t really matter now...I’m just waiting for them to take effect...it shouldn’t be much longer. 

I love you mom...and I’m sorry Chloe. I don’t know why I did what I did to you...I hope you never remember it...but don’t worry...you don’t have to be afraid of me...I know what I need to do...it’ll all be over soon. 

I died today...but I don’t regret it. Keep an eye on your kids...don’t let them turn into me. 