No throwaway. As long as I can remember, I've always gone to bed with a lump in my throat. Not a day goes by that I don't think about my death in someway. Even though i'm surround by people( friends, family ) that would cry rivers if I took my own life , I still want to do it. I guess i'm selfish, I don't care if I break their hearts . They seem , and me too, to not make me happy. I see a counselor every Friday and i spill everything to my friends , but nothing makes me want to remain a citizen of earth. I've given up several times, been hospitalized for suicide a myriad of times, and checked in to mental facilities. I'm not happy, i'm alone, in a more ways than one. My social life is great actually, like I said tons of friends who'd hate me for taking my life. But I really don't care about that. Currently i'm sober but i'm a frequent user of dxm (cough syrup; delsym) . I found out about it on accident actually, one night I was sobbing and wanted to end it so I opened our two family sizes and chugged them both. I loved it . For about two days I felt this happiness I had not felt since I was young . I like the idea of the toxicity of it, like a long-painless suicide. But its taking too long. I despise waking up. I despise the fact that tomorrow is another day on earth. I don't care about the sunshine, I don't care about the flowers, or the snow, clouds , animals , myself. I find the only way to escape misery would be to just die . I see no reason for living another day. Tomorrow would be the same, and then days become Weeks, Weeks become months, months become years etc. I don't want to be sad but I don't want wait for happiness idon't deserve . Nothing helps . Everything I do just makes me sadder and sadder. At the moment my (ex?)bestfriend is hating me. I guess she was the little bit of light I needed to go on but it wasn't enough and now that she's gone Id rather be dead then alone in the dark. The movie i'm watching has no happy ending, so why not just leave? I don't see I reason why I shouldn't kill myself right now . Sure the id feel extremely sad that id be saying goodbye to everyone, but aren't I already sad? 