...I can't find a better solution anymore    First off, I am 34, I have been bipolar and suicidal for most of my life. I have been a drug addict. I have been straight and narrow. I have been there when the love of my life killed herself. There is fucking nothing you can tell me about coping or what is right or wrong about suicide that just won't make sure I never talk about it again. This is a one off. I have never attempted suicide because I would never fuck it up. I would take a bucket of heroin, cut myself while I could still feel it, light myself on fire and shoot myself before I could feel it. It might sound retarded but I would view failed suicide as a major failing, plus I'm almost entirely an all or nothing person anyways. 
   Today I lost my best friend, my marriage, my 4 children that I have been a stay at home parent to for 9 years, my home, my car, and the college I was going back to. Then I decided I was having a bad day, called the only other people I might have talked to, said goodbye and threw my phone away at mcdonalds. 
     My back story in incredible brevity is my family meant more to me than anything and I've been losing ahold of it for a couple years now. I have tried anything and everything to hold that together and i feel like I probably fucked up pretty bad ignoring myself and what was going on with me and losing and not developing any type of support system to fall back on. I guess i thought if I gave it everything and left me nothing to get back with it would work....it always has before.
    I'm in a car in a parking lot. I have 4 knives, six packs of cigarettes, a bottle of liquor, heroine, 912 dollars and kerosene. What I'm asking of you random people out there is to give me something I can do right now that isn't what I want to do. I have no family, neither the one I lost today or the one I was born with. There are 2 living people I could make myself talk to but I lost touch with them so long ago that I can't find them, I tried. I have been thinking of how today ends almost exclusively for several months. I've thought intelligently, rationally,  emotionally, sober, drunk, fucked up, i thought about it the one time I was in a good mood. I honestly can't find any reason why it isn't my best way out. Do NOT mention my children as something i should stick around for, it will backfire badly. Anything else is fair game. If anyone has a place I should go, or a person I could talk to, or yourself even i am genuinely willing to listen for about 12 more hours. I have been trying hard to make friends the last few weeks but my life is so fucked right now i can't keep my shit together long enough to make it worth someone else letting me lean on them. I would take a friend, a real one that i could untimately be emotionally invested in. I can be homeless and miserable and have nothing, I've done that twice before. I have never lost this much and had this few people in my life. It's too much and both emotionally and rationally I quit, and I'm ready to stop being here. This is my first and last call for help, and I honestly would prefer no one bothers to respond to this.