i don't ever want to live in this world as an adultOof. This is probably the most honest I'm ever going to be, and somewhat of a rant, so I'm sorry. I just need to get it all out.

I had a somewhat normal childhood. My dad was always an angry man, though that subsided eventually, and stuff was okay. We eventually moved out of our apartment into a small town, and then everything went bad. I have always been incredibly shy, but even by 3rd grade I had full-fledged social anxiety and extreme dysphoria. (I'm trans--didn't know it then, but I felt constant discomfort and anxiety about my appearance and my name and everything. Figuring it out hasn't helped much.)

They told me I was advanced for my age, and it got to my head. I was an asshole all the way up until middle school, when it amplified because my mom ended up an abusive, cheating alcoholic and my dad a raging cynic. It's so typical, but hey, it fucking sucks. I made a great friend that I outright emotionally abused for a year--she should have stopped talking to me. We have a wonderful, healthy aquaintance-ship now, (we don't talk about anything but we do write together sometimes.) but anyway I'm overwhelmed by guilt from that. She's smart and wonderful and I'm definitely jealous of her, but not in a bad way. She's just everything I wish I had lived up to be.

In middle school I tried to kill myself for the first time, and failed. After I got out of the hospital I couldn't go back for a month because of paperwork issues. I was given a 504 plan (I think that's what they're called--might be wrong on the number) but it didn't help at all. I went to a magnet school, had an AMAZING freshman year despite stuff getting worse between my mom and dad--that included watching my mom attempt suicide in front of me--and severe health issues developing. 

I did still attempt in spring that year, and was out for two whole months in inpatient. I ran away that fall, in my sophomore year, because I was being forced to go back to my town's school--full of kids who harassed me and humiliated me time and time again. I came back and tried to off myself once again. I went back, had a hell of a time in a special education room they put kids with ANY behavioral problems in (read: kids with anxiety, insecurities, etc were placed with kids that harassed, assaulted and made fun of other kids. good times, good times) tried to end it AGAIN. I sucked at it, I know.

I skipped a year of high school because they didn't have sped study halls and I had extra credits from my magnet school, so yay, graduated at 16. Everyone thinks I'm some kind of genius when I'm actually an idiot that can't even do basic math or read because of cognitive difficulties. I went to college last fall, had a breakdown because I couldn't retain any of the lessons and couldn't handle being around people and came home--2,000 dollar mistake! yay. hopefully my life insurance will at least cover that.

Got a shitty fast food job and guess what--I broke down again! I mess up literally everything I try!!! I get overwhelmed and just have anxiety attacks constantly. It's worse because I get bouts where I really want to try and get a job and be on my own, but I can't. Before my dad was able to drive me to work (I don't have a car or license) but now he can't and my mom isn't reliable. Can't get a job without a car, can't get a car without a job. To be fair, most of my breakdown was because they didn't pay me and made me work extra hours that I wasn't paid for either. So.

Now? I tried and tried. I tried life and made things for other people harder because of it. I'm a waste, I'm incapable, I deserve no chances. I feel like a terminally ill patient that's holding on to the last clutches of life. I should never have existed. I can't even hold a fast food job. 

Before, at least I felt guilty about leaving my dad behind. But now he has a girlfriend and my brother so it'll be okay if I'm dead. My mom doesn't care. I have no friends at all. I'm a little bit bummed that I never got my first kiss and am dying a virgin, but I probably would have anyway. I can't imagine making someone put up with me. I'm fucking terrible.

In addition to all this, I'm in constant physical pain. I have interstitial cystitis, which for me is very severe. It's like a UTI but worse and can't go away. I have a lot of other physical issues as well, one of which is me LITERALLY BEING ALLERGIC TO MYSELF. What are the fucking chances. Thanks, chronic urticaria. Love those constant allergies that won't go away!!! &lt;:)

I am going to therapy--have tried several therapists--and am medicated, tried many medications. I don't even know which one I'm on atm. I just pop one in every morning, even though it does fucking nothing. I've had therapists say they think I'm on the autistic spectrum before, but I don't even give a shit anymore. I'm just too messed up to make it. I don't get the point of it all, anyway. I can't get a job or hold one even if I did, so I'll never get a house or anything. I definitely couldn't date anyone. I don't want to drag anyone down with me.

I could rant about so many more things... I guess the only other reason I have is that my whole life has been dedicated to art. I really wanted to be an illustrator, but everybody else my age is far ahead of where I am. I have no hopes of making it to a decent art school. They unfortunately didn't have art classes for sped students at my school. It's a shame I'm too stupid to do science because I also love geology and exploration (would love to do some kind of urban exploration or ancient exploration, but lol.)

Sorry this is ramble-y. I just wanted to get some stuff out, in the hopes someone out of the situation could just...know that I exist. I wanted to be seen.

I'm gonna hold it out through the summer, since my cat will probably pass away soon and I want to be with him. Thankfully my birthday is right at the end of summer and I can just do it while my dad's at work. It makes me so happy to know he won't have to deal with me anymore...every time we argue now  it doesn't hurt me as much. Because he only has to do it so much longer. Thanks for reading if you did.