Two months later, zero improvements. The last (and first) time I posted on here, it was in regards to family drama that occurred around the holidays season. I also made mention of my crazy abusive ex, and how his persistent messaging was really bothering me. And, just for an extra kick in the ass: I work for my incompetent step-dad as a paralegal, and have not been paid in months. That's not everything that's been going wrong, but I'll spare excessive details and move onto the meat of the post:

Things are amazingly worse. My step-dad has started giving full refunds to clients that are NOT entitled to them just so they will shut up. He's giving them money we do not have. Because of this, there have been weeks where we have gone without power. That probably doesn't sound like a huge deal, but when the food in the fridge spoils, when you can't charge your phone, and when something as simple as turning on a light switch to see in the dark isn't an option, you grow paranoid, antsy, and sad, real fast. Not to mention, I would get unreasonably upset on nights this was an issue, because it bothered me horribly to realize that we were sitting in the dark while the god awful ex-clients were probably out celebrating their full refund and free service. 

And for those that don't know how attorney's fees work: When you get a full refund, the attorney is paying you out of pocket. The court sure as hell does not give a damn about returning your filing fees (which are expensive), regardless of what happens with your case. Also, my step-dad does not charge for walk-ins, last minute appointments, consultations, or anything. He is making no money. 

To add insult to injury, my step-dad shows zero concern in running his business. For month's I've been doing well over 90% of the work load (appointments, filing, the freaking taxes, etc.) on my own, thinking that some how, some way, I'd pull the business out of the hole. I have never, ever been more wrong in my life. I was too blind to see that it wouldn't happen so long as he didn't care. The man doesn't even give a damn about typing properly. he just types liek this 2 ppl in emails. I cannot begin to explain how embarrassed I feel.

He almost never goes to the office anymore. So, who has to put up with raging clients (most of them rage without reason) as soon as they walk in the door? Me. Every little thing in their lives is my fault. Their teenage daughter started sneaking off with a bad boy? My fault. Their car had issues earlier? My fault. Their job sucks? That's my fault, too. I've been called every bad name in the book, I've had knives and guns pulled on me, and instead of hardening up, I have turned into a paranoid mess. My parents don't believe anything I say, and the local police told me that they would not take any of my calls seriously unless I was already injured. The clients know that they can get away with treating me like dirt, and they take full advantage of it. 

I am at the point where I barely sleep. I run on about 2 hours a day, which obviously isn't good. I've stopped eating normally because the pains in my stomach keep me awake during the daytime. I'm on the verge of crying quite often, and my panic attacks have become frequent. The only thing scarier than having a panic attack is having one in a room with someone that would probably murder you if they thought they could get away with it. 

I rather kill myself than die by someone else's hand at that hell hole. I've almost finalized my will, because I honestly feel like I'm going to die there. My parents don't give a shit what I have to say, and I have no other options right now. No one around here will hire me. They either know my step-dad and his family and assume they are all very wealthy, or they hate them all, and I am hated along with them. 

My boyfriend is still up for getting us an apartment and helping me get on my feet, but I sincerely do not feel like it is worth the effort on his part. I have no money to put into an apartment nor the things we would need. I'm so nervous all the time that I don't think anyone would want to hire me in fear of me snapping. It's hard to hide how anxious I am; I shake almost constantly, and my voice gets jumpy very easily. I can't just turn all of that off. 

I feel like I am damaged beyond fixing. I'm a nervous wreck, my mind is still plagued with the garbage that my ex worked so hard to beat into my brain, my parents keep me around as a verbal punching bag and no-pay slave, and it's only a matter of time before my boyfriend grows tired of my nervousness, chalks it up to "laziness" like my parents, and dumps me. 

Call me crazy, but I don't think it's fair that I have a knife pointed at me when I tell someone they cannot get a refund because (they are not entitled to it, the paper work was done and filed to what they agreed upon) we literally do not have the money. It's an attorney's office, not a damn free-for-all bank. 

I still don't feel like life is worth living when it's shit chaotic. I have learned that I will be given shit from all sorts of rude people no matter what job I have. I have learned that our justice system (U.S.) is far more corrupt than I ever wanted to believe. I have learned that bad people will always do bad things and get away with it. I don't want to live the life that I just typed out. I only typed it because I don't want to feel crazy. With everything that has been occurring, I feel like maybe I deserve being cursed out on a daily basis, that I deserve having my life threatened. Regardless, I will never understand how saying, "Thank you for calling, how can I help you today?" deserves the response of, "Fucking lazy cunt, finish my paperwork!" 

I'm just so tired of being treated that way and not even making a single cent at the end of the week. I don't want to live, nor do I deserve to, if I'm as horrible as the clients make me out to be. 