If your parents found your suicide note, how would you want them to approach you? / my son is suicidal.If your parents found your suicide note before you did anything, what steps would you want them to take following their discovery? How would you want them to talk to you if you knew that they *had* to. What do you wish they’d say to make you want to live even if it’s by a single percent? And if wanting to live is too big of an expectation, what would you want to hear to want to die a little less?

I have three kids, 18M, 15M, 8F. I love all of them with every fibre of my being, I trust them completely, I give them a lot of space and I try not to pry but I feel I need to at this point. 

My eldest son found pre-written suicide notes in my younger son’s desk while looking for a pencil. He brought them to me not knowing what to do. There was one addressed to me, his father, and his brother. 

He seems 100% serious that this is what he wants to do. He’s struggled with mental health from an early age. Diagnosed with anxiety and PTSD when he was 8. Depression and BPD at 12. I know my son, he is amazing at hiding things, hates receiving support, hates feeling “smothered”, and when he makes a decision, he follows through. 

I am lost in how I can help him or what steps I should take right now. I told my husband and he thinks we should confront our son but I’m worried it’ll make things worse. I’m worried that the stronger we come off, the more he’ll freak out and rush his decision. I don’t want him to feel cornered. But I also feel that we need to talk because otherwise time is running out. 

Seeing as this sub has many people struggling the same way as him I wanted to ask how **you** best think I should handle this and maybe offer me some perspective. I know there’s a correct/strict parent/by the book way of handling this but it will make him hate me and I want to avoid treating him like an issue that needs to be resolved by force. 


Additional info: 

I now know he also self harms and I’m not going to bring it up because it’s not as serious as suicide. He doesn’t eat or sleep much either. Once I know he’s not going to kill himself I’ll see how to help him with the other self destructive behaviour. 

I know guilt tripping is bad. I will still lose my mind if something happens to him and my family will be devastated. I will try my best not to guilt trip him but I’m worried saying we love him/care about him will fall under that category.

(This is a repost, I took the original down because my profile had my identity linked to it and I obviously desire privacy)