I’ve figured out that I’m mean as a defense and it’s pushed everyone away from meEver since I was little, rudeness has been my natural state and it takes a pained effort for me to be nice to people. I can’t stand most people I meet, and I think it’s because I was bullied pretty badly growing up and wronged by enough people that I don’t trust anyone anymore. I grew up with a toxic mother who always made everything about her and moved my sister and me around on the whims of whatever man she was financially dependent on at the time. (My dad was her second of five marriages, and she dated others that she didn’t marry. We moved about 13 times before I turned 18.) I have all kinds of undiagnosed problems. Problems that my mom has too, but she never got me help for mine because then she wouldn’t be the star of the show with hers. (For example, she has BPD and I have all the classic signs too, but I can’t even tell her I’m depressed without her being like “How do you think I feel with &lt;event&gt; going on?” And she has Tourette’s, and when I came to her about tics I was experiencing she just said “Yep, that’s me every day and mine are worse!”) 

For those reasons and others, I was bullied throughout school and didn’t have many friends. And now I find myself assuming that every single human who even glances at me wants to hurt me in some way, so I’m often rude to them. Sometimes I’ll say or do something to intentionally piss people off because I get a sick satisfaction out of their unhappiness. Almost like “Odds are they’d hate me anyway, so why should I be nice to them?” I’m the very definition of saying purposefully inflammatory things on public Facebook articles to set the comment thread on fire. 

Cut to today. I was driving with my friend and I misunderstood where a woman was trying to turn and accidentally cut her off (dumb idiot turned on her signal way too early), so of course she laid on her horn and gave me a death look like I’d just stabbed her dog. When she ended up in front of me, I rode her bumper within an inch of her life for several yards and just raged about how I hoped that fat road whore crashed and died. 

I’m feeling like my only way out of my mess is death. Obviously with my issues, I can’t keep a romantic relationship whatsoever and my platonic friendships are few if they haven’t ended already. (I’d be rich if I got a dime for every ended connection with someone that I incited by being rude to them because that comes easier to me than building someone up.) I’m underemployed not in my degree field in a job I resent more and more every day, but I don’t want to start putting my name out in my field unless I can fix myself and put my best version of myself into it. The last thing I want to do is burn bridges in the industry I just got an expensive degree for. 

Sorry this is long. I don’t even know what I’m looking for. I have absolutely no one to talk to about this. My mom’s useless and would make it about her, my sister avoids conflict to a fault as her own defense mechanism, and anyone else I admit this stuff to just calls me mentally unstable and emotionally immature. Which I know I am, but I’m looking for help with it, not confirmation and ridicule! Forget any professional help. I’ve already been whisked away to a psychiatric hospital once as a teenager when I came forward about wanting to kill myself. That hospital did nothing but make me feel like even more of a freak. One of the doctors even said “I can’t take you seriously with you acting like that.” EXACTLY. I need help, you dumbass! 

I’ve concluded that I’m not cut out for this world and I should have never even been born. I’m just at a stage now where I’m trying to find a little more acceptance with my own mortality and then there will be no reason for me to stick around. 


