Situational like depressionYou know what Ive just fuckin' realised? I'm not depressed. Not anymore. Not as much as I used to be. That would be a celebration, right?

But I still want to die And now my reasons to die feel even less justified without the clinical depression bullshit anymore despite being the same thing. 

It's not as far as situation depression, but it's not like clinical either. It's this odd middle ground. Nothing changed. Nothing ever changed. I like most have been in school almost my entire life. I am not experiencing grief or a tragedy.

I just... its school. My depression or whatever the fuck only gets triggered by school. You mentioned school work, I think about killing myself. I wake up to go to school, and Im wasting time browsing suicidewatch to try not to think of slitting my wrists. Im going to school after break or the weekends, I imagine shooting myself in the head. 

School has been, is the only reason, and will probably be the only reason why Im depressed

No amount of medicine will change that. No amount of therapy. School will be the same bullshit old school that I hate. Nothing is going to change that. This is quite literally one of those things youre just expected to sit and wait to end. Youre expected to do that anyways. That'
s all the advice you ever get "Just wait, things will change." Oh really? I hadn't fucking thought of that! What a wonderful idea!.. Easier said than fucking done. 

And you know whats great? Nobody takes you seriously. Because you're not depressed when you go to the ice cream store or when youre on summer break, then clearly it's not an issue worth addressing Because as we all know depression is only concerning when people are sad ALL the time. Some fucking bullshit I tell you

"Tell people!" I hear you shouting in the crowd. "Tell your parents! A counselor! A therapist! Your doctor!" Been there. Done fucking that Wanna know what I get? To paraphrase, it's an "oh well." Im told Im just being a teenager. Im just having mood swings That school will end so I just need to wait through it and everything will be fine. That everybody hates school, it's normal. 

Christ almighty I cant take this bullshit anymore

I like how when I had clinical and was suicidal, people hit the panic button and we're freaking the fuck out about every little thing I did 24/7. Even before I straight up told people I was suicidal, they tried to get me some sort of help

Now I guess because Im not having emotional meltdowns outside the school door or trying to rip all of my hair out or break my fingers, things are "a-OK!" and nobody needs to worry anymore