Part of me says "make the title just 'another post' because no one has to see this post" and other part of me says "make it something like 'I need help' because you are here to get help"Sorry for the nonsense title, I just couldn't decide.

I'm trying to make a post here for months and I just delete everything I write because I keep thinking that no one wants to read something about some reddit user nicknamed "emingtr" why would anyone want to etc. etc...

Sorry if I'm making zero sense or something I will just skip this beginning section of the post.

&amp;#x200B;

So, I'm a 17 years old boring and weak person. I got bullied at school for years which made me an asocial introvert that don't even get out of home. I switched schools 6 times in 3 different cities and each switch made me feel more and more like a stranger to the world. I lost the will to live after I realized that I was a disappointment. In late 2014 I told my parents about my thoughts and they found me a psychologist which I only visited 2 times because I don't want to go to someone that is speaking good to me just because we are paying her money. In 2015 I tried to suicide by jumping in front of a car which I failed and only broke my foot. I told my parents that it was just an accident and after some paperwork with police everything got noted down as an accident. In 2018 which is just a year ago I found a girl that was going to become my first lover though everything was just from internet. 3 months in relationship I already felt that she didn't like me though I still continued to try which resulted in me feeling like rejected which was too painful for me. I was not even talking to a single person in school which was half of my day, my online-friends and online-lover were not caring about me trying to explain my feelings, my parents were sick of my low grades in school, which resulted in me attempting suicide again. I was going to jump from the window and possibly die because we live on the top floor, but i was so scared and waited like 15 minutes before my parents came from my behind when I couldn't even hear them because of the wind. They got me back inside by force, they always stayed in my room in anger after that day. We got to a psychiatry many times even though I didn't wanted to. I got diagnosed with depression and anxiety, I got medication though I later stopped taking because of the side effects, I couldn't go to school anymore so we suspended my school and some months later, my supposedly lover said "You made yourself less likeable Emin." then after a week she said she loves someone else now.

&amp;#x200B;

That last part was 2 months ago. 

I'm just sleeping, crying, eating, playing video games, crying more, sleeping more. 

I don't think there is a good future ahead of me. I'm boring, weak, unnecessary.

No one ever liked me and 0 in 17 years means 0 in 100 years...

Sorry for my silly post. I don't even know why I wrote all of this.

I would say thanks for reading but actually I should say sorry for taking your time.