Suicidal GF, I feel like I've ran out of options to helpMy GF is having a rough go of it. Shes had chronic pelvic pain for ~3 years following a rape and follow-on promiscuity in attempts to cope. Around February this year the pain kicked into overdrive due to a reaction from a medicine. She has been dealing with urinary frequency and retention at times along with general horrific muscular pain. Weve gone to a million doctors and have finally found a support team full of some top notch individuals. (She has Pelvic Floor Dysfunction and PFD induced interstitial cystitis along with extreme sensitivities to side effects from medication) Her primary care dr, OBGYN, Physical Therapist, accupuncturist, Phycotherapist, and Hypnotherapist have really ushered some progression in since April which is great. 

Sadly, the pain is still around, albiet, less than in Feb but its still not great. Recently, due to an increase in pain and sleeplessness, shes having 2 to 3 panic attacks each day and starting to really concern me about suicide again as weve started talking about that daily during the panic attacks. All the Drs. and therapists are aware of all the details and are working with her on it. We just started her on an SSRI that shouldnt cause any urinary retention but we have to wait for it to kick in.. and if she has any urinary symptoms during this time, i fear it may be falsely correlated with the SSRI. Which then she would want to stop taking...

In all honesty this whole situation scares me because am always concerned about her well being when im sleeping or at work. I feel like i spend almost all of my time in the day trying to keep her alive. Im fighting a battle of my own trying not to lose hope and trying to find ways to keep her mental in a good state through her pain. I really just dont know where to go from here. She wants immediate relief, which i cant blame her for, but I dont know how to provide it. Or even find someone who could at this point. Im scared that she may actually attempt suicide, and im at the point where i want to start hiding things from her (some drugs that she doesnt need that she can OD on are already hidden). I know that isnt the right answer, even hiding the drugs. Im just at a loss now. And i dont know how many more times I can take her on walks and calm her down. That tactic has been working but its not a long term solution. None of this is. I just dont know what to do next to keep her alive. What do you do after youve gotten someone what feels like all the support and they still want to leave the earth? 

Sorry for the long post, just dont know how to gloss over all this.