I don't know if this will mean anything to you, but I had to try.
One of my closest friends took his life at 16 when we were juniors in high school.  I'm 21 now, and I still think about him.  I'm haunted by the fact that I feel like I could have done something.  All my "I could have's" will never stop, and that is precisely why I am writing this.

Sudden bursts of emotions, feelings, and tears can take me by surprise when my thoughts drift to my memories of him and when something reminds me of him.  After he passed, my group of friends disintegrated into separate parts -- we were all looking for a reason to make sense of it all, but we never could.  We'll never know the real truth, either.

He thought no one would miss him when he was gone; but he was so wrong.  I don't even know if I've really accepted it now, but all I know is that it hurts.  I will never forget the sight of his little brother who idolized him breaking down and I had never seen so many young people at a funeral.  This was the first funeral I attended and it was so unfortunate that it was someone my age so early in life.  Weren't our worries supposed to only be who we'd ask to prom and when we'd get our driving permits?

After some revelations, it turns out he thought he was a burden to his family.  In a note, he told his family that because he would leave his earthly body that they would not have to worry about putting him through college.  That they should cremate him instead of burying to save money.  Whatever your philosophy or beliefs, I believe that everyone is good and can contribute at their very core.  What sorrow and grief to carry after someone you love has passed is immense.

The thing is, my friend will always be the 16 year-old fun-loving guy I knew in my mind.  He appears in my dreams from time to time, and it's such a trip.  Seeing him move and speak in my dreams is a terrible tease - I feel at a loss for words trying to describe the feeling I encounter when I wake up and realize that none of that was real.  I will never have the joy of seeing him go through life, sharing our pain and happiness that could've been.  Call me selfish, but I wish I had done something.  Was my life so busy to stop and do something?  Was I so ignorant?  It's something I won't be able to forgive myself.

I don't know if this will mean anything to you, but I had to try.

[Third Eye Blind - Jumper](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zn4_fW1SyHI)

1-800-273-TALK
http://www.suicidepreventionlifeline.org/

EDIT:  Added YouTube link for the song.  Thanks psilocybinmushrooms.