Anyone else suicidal despite having a good upbringing and people who genuinely care about them?Title. I feel so selfish because I'm suicidal yet by all accounts I feel like I shouldn't be.

I grew up upper middle class, never really had to want for anything material, my parents love me to death, I'm the favorite grandson of my grandma, I have a cat and a dog who love me... Like it feels awful just typing that, like I'm humblebragging about having all this good stuff but still wanting to die.

I guess it's because outside of their lives, my life sucks. Like yea it's good time watching the game with my dad but when it goes outside the house... I have no friends, never had a girlfriend, I've slowly lost passion for any kind of career and don't really have any interesting hobbies. It's kind of like I exist just to make those other people feel happy, kind of like I'm a pet or something. If you feed me and vaccinate me I'll continue to exist until my expiration date regardless of how I feel about it.

I appreciate what I've been given in my life, especially since so many people here have suffered tremendously because of horrific upbringings and/or abusive parents. I really wish I could trade with one of you guys, maybe you'd be happier with my life and I could just just end up wanting to die anyways in yours. Like if I'm suicidal despite all the love and support I've been given, then I probably wouldn't work out anywhere.

The thing is, I care about these people too so I can't kill myself. My mom is the sweetest woman in the world and has said how if one of myself or my siblings died she wouldn't know if she could remain long either, so I imagine killing myself would inflict unimaginable pain on her. Again, I feel ungrateful for typing this but it almost feels like a different kind of torture. Like I really want to die sometimes, but I actually can't because there's people who love and want me to live. So I'm just stuck here waiting for them to go so I can follow. 

So, anyone else feel the same? Like has your life been by all accounts and viewed from the outside, pretty damn good, yet you find yourselves here?