Unsure if anyone can relate to this.I feel like I'm not even a person anymore. I've been in a dead end in life for about 5 years now. I have a circle of people who say they care about me. But it only makes my problems worse. I feel like i have no personality what so ever. I have no real passions. No drive. No inspiration to make anything out of my life. The only thing that's kept me going so far is the people who "care" about me. The only shred of humanity and emotion i feel is a crippling fear that I'll let everybody i know down. And that I'll just dissapoint them. I work a job that i hate. And i can't leave because i don't wanna let them down. I have a house filled with roomates. Who i depend on for survival. And i know that if i stopped working. Or if i disappeared I'd let them down. I have no family left except for my little sister. Who i don't want to show any weakness too. Because i don't wanna let her down. I don't think I've been happy for a very long time. I feel like i want to be happy. But i can't find anything or anyone that makes me feel happy. My hobbies are just things i do that i felt used to make me feel happy. But don't give me any joy anymore. And everytime i say "I'll just try doing this" i either give up or never start in the first place. I don't know what to do anymore really. I feel trapped. And i feep scared. I don't wanna let the people i care about down. But i can't be happy no matter what i do. All i think about is how other people have less. And it's selfish of me to keep on thinking these things when i have people who depend on me. And most of the time it's easy to suppress these feelings. But every now and again all these thoughts start flooding back to me. I'm letting people down i need to try harder. If i stop now everything ive done up to this point will be for nothing. I'd let everyone down. And i don't want to do that. But the pressure keeps building and i don't know how to stop it. Everytime i try to reach out about this stuff. I can never get the right words out. And i don't want other people to worry about me. I'm in this fucked up place where im too scared to take a step forward. To scared to take a step back. But misserable where i am now.


I don't know if I'm suicidal.... I might be i might not be. I feel like I'm depressed. And i feel like I'm not worth much of anything. But i don't know if i could ever do the deed as they say. Or if I'd ever want to. But what scares me are times like this. Times when I'm so overwhelmed with the preassure of society and my peers. Yet constantly thinking about how others manage with less. That make me feel hopeless. Like i might crack and not know what I'd do when i do. I don't want to die. I just want to be happy. And i never know how. 