Becoming my worst fearI have had a history of depression. It comes, it goes... but it always finds a way to creep back into my soul and shit blackness into my heart.

My achilles heel has always been relationships. That's just how it's been, and probably always will be. All the way back in 4th grade, my "girlfriend" broke up with me and I was inconsolable. Devastated. Bawling my eyes out. Kids made fun of me, as the little assholes tend to do.

My latest relationship  (~7 years) is coming to an end. And for the first time, it's my doing. These seven years have been tumultuous. We've had our ups and downs, but I was never trusted or felt much affection from her. That said, I care for her very deeply and to see the pain she is going through is ripping me up. And tbh, I dont want it to end now because it feels like a death. Almost as if I were literally killing her. I had told her weeks ago not to worry, that I would propose earlier this year. I got cold feet, and ended up betraying her.

I had a recent birthday, and one of the things I received from my SO was a seven page letter, full of sweetness, emotion and the longing for times past. All the things I ever wanted to hear from her.

Now, the decorations in our apartment are being taken down, and the white walls are becoming what is becoming of us. Empty, cold, white, nonexistent.

In a year, I won't even know this person. We will be strangers. It's fucking tragic. 

I don't know if I can live with the fact that I became that person that has betrayed me in every other one of my relationships in my life. I've become that person I so desperately didn't want to exist.

I dont want to bathe myself, I dont want to eat, I dont want to go to work (called off 3 times in the past 6 workdays) all I can do is lay on my bed in the darkness and browse reddit. I did this to her. I killed our future and her hopes and dreams.

I've been hospitalized before for depression/suicidal ideation before and... part of me wants to go back and get help because there have been many times since then that I tell myself "I am really glad I didn't take all of those pills". 

That said, I don't want to - CAN'T - go through this fucking cycle again. I want this to be the last time I feel this way, but history tells me it *won't* if I don't give up and just end my life.

If I had one wish right now, it would be to snap my fingers and have had none of this happen. For us to run away together and fix our problems, but even that I'm afraid is too late.

I'm afraid that I wake up one morning and the silence will be what kills me.

Sorry for the long text, and I now realize this may be a little more "relationship-py", and possibly better suited for a different sub (?), I dunno... but thanks for reading anyways.