I'm frustrated lost in life, isolated, lonely, feel distant from everyone, and lack affection, motivation, direction, and success in life...My life is fucking shitty in every sense of the world, and it has been shitty for years. I said that this would pass and my life would improve when I get older but it hasn't. I said that I should wait till I'm 21 and I'll find a solution if it still is. I'll try to cut down the length, offer less details and make it as short as possible, things are much worse. Note: I'm not suicidal or anything, so if someone has a more urgent post..please go and attend to that because that's much more important.

-I'm an immigrant, when I was a small child, I was super awesome where I lived and super successful and headed places. I came here and didn't fit in. I was made fun of, bullied, belittled all my life. I never had friends. I never could go outside because of my protective parents. I was a poor immigrant all my life so I didn't have many good opportunities at success. I faced prejudice and racism at school and had no one to stand up for me. Parents never understood and there was never anyone to talk to. They weren't very supportive and they always insulted me, pointed out my short comings, and abused me. The emotional abuse was the worst... I have extremely low self esteem and confidence. I don't have very good relations with my family.

-In jr high and hs I had no friends, I didn't get to talk to girls, and had little friends. I didn't develop and felt very lonely and isolated. I was pressured from all sides and was still made fun of, people still treated me differently and I didn't fit in. My parents weren't supportive and again didn't understand the difficult. My amazing grades started getting lower. I have been in shitty situations and depressed for about 9 years...pretty much my childhood, adolescence/teenage years. Due to my personality(extroverted, social, fun etc) I survived through all this...I think anyone else would have cracked by now..I'm amazed I'm still "normal" on the outside. During this time period I found some place to go..to escape from my shitty life and have someone to talk to. Eventually my depression caused me to stay up till 6am everyday. I started spending upwards of 7-16 hours a day on the computer in my huge low points. If it wasn't for the internet...I'm not sure how my life would be. At points I became extremely apathetic and didn't talk for over a month....I eventually got over this and tried doing better in college and tried to never be depressed again. I was semi successful. I look back at this time period with great regret...I never got to experience any of the vivid sweet experiences that people always seem to recall about their childhood/teenage years. My childhood and teenage years were all shitty and bitter. There's no good "memories" of me doing that one thing to look back on..I couldn't do anything because I wasn't allowed to go out..even then..doesn't matter because I had no friends. 

Now I'm in a shitty jr college because I can't afford a real college. I feel isolated. there's no one to talk to. My family belittles my lack of success and makes fun of me. I only go to class and come back. Sometimes I sit on campus and hope that I can talk to someone. I'm not messy looking, neckbeardish, or socially akward..I'm just a normal guy. I have no one that I'm close to. I just want to have fun and talk to someone but it's so lonely here. Reddit is all I have. I'm really poor and I have no job. I'm frustrated and pressured from all sides. I just want to get out, I want to fucking get out of here..I want out of this situation. My life is going no where, my education is going no where, I have no friends, I've never even kissed a girl and everything is going shitty. I have accomplished nothing and will continue to accomplish nothing because I'm always feeling shitty and I have no opportunities and friends or a girl. I feel great burden..great frustration in my heart..I have no options..there's nothing for me that I can do except try to succeed in college..and I'm failing. I have no other options, opportunities. My parents can't support me, they're old and poor and I need to start taking care of them. I'm scared. I really lack affection in my life...I just want to hug someone that actually cares about me. I want something real. I want to talk to someone who actually wants to talk to me. I feel ugly, unattractive. I'm pretty much failing I haven't left the house in a while. I'm extremely frustrated. 

I feel really annoyed and frustrated that I have never kissed a girl yet. I'm not clingy, awkward, or anything. I have talked to some girls before but it hasn't happened. I hate how I don't have a job, money, how I'm poor and how my life is going no where.  I feel like I can't control where I'm going. Like I'm on a boat in a river going towards a bunch of falls and it just keeps going. There was too much I have no control over and I have been born with too many shitty circumstances.

I don't know what to do in life and I don't know what to major in and I"m extremely frustrated. I said, just take classes and eventually I'll find something but I just keep taking these terrible demotivating classes and doing eeh in them. I feel like I'm in an isolated prison in most of these classes. People are all on their phones and apathetic and shit. I have no place to go to socialize. The greatest pain for a social creature is to be denied social interaction and fitting in. I've always had trouble fitting in. I was raised in a sheltered house. But I thought, hey maybe if I get better things will improve. I learned how to dress. I'm an expert at dressing now. I learned how to talk to people. I learned everything and my life is still shitty. I tried to read books and information and be knowledgeable and can pretty much carry a convo about anything...but nothing has changed.

No job, no girl, no money, no success, no education, no intelligence, no attractiveness, no way out. I'm just trapped in this society. I'm just another person in a sea of other isolated little people who don't give a fuck about me. nothing good.

I'm extremely frustrated. I have no word to describe this feeling. Pressure, trapped, anger, loneliness, isolation, I want my life changed and nothing is changing. NOTHING IS HAPPENING. It's not depression. I'm not sad. I'm just FRUSTRATED. I want to punch fate in the face for this bullshit. I have no value to society, no value to myself, no value to other people.

I want someone to hug sometimes. I really lack affection in my life. As a guy, I have a few guy friends, but you can't be physically or emotionally close to them. It feels so terrible not have anyone next to you...

I wouldn't describe myself as depressed. My problems are not an emotional problem. It's a practical problem of opportunity and success. I have nothing going on in my life and it's not fucking changing no matter what I do and try and I feel like it's inevitable now that my life is shit and It's making me REALLY FUCKING ANGRY. I want out of this shit. I want solutions and I've tried solving everything and nothing has changed. My life is wasting away and I'm getting older. no amount of it gets better is going to change anything on the practical side..just change my perception of it.

Maybe it's me. maybe it's just what's going on right now. Maybe it's a combination of things but I fucking hate all this.

I can't do anything with my life. I feel like I can't control the outcomes because there is too much that's not under my control. I have this young body and I've never once had fun, I've never used it and I'm going to get older and regret all this. I'm not even headed anywhere. I have never even kissed a girl but I'm perfectly capable of doing this and I'm socially equipped. This is fucking pathetic. Fuck all of this. 

It's all useless. No amount of bitching is going to solve anything. No one is even going to care about this. Everyone lives and struggles alone...everyone is in their own head. I'm no one special....