How do I tell my fiancé that I still feel suicidal?I’ve been dating my fiancé for 10 wonderful months. We met through a suicide/depression support chat. He has given me happiness, stability, unending love/understanding, and future goals (something I never thought I would have). He has truly changed my life. However, I have been passively or actively suicidal since I was 14. I have a genetic illness that affects my joints which makes everyday life painful and has limited my abilities. I used to be athletic, busy, and slim. Now I can barely walk and have gained weight, though I’m still skinny so really I shouldn’t be complaining. The worst part is that my illness has ripped my vet tech career right out of my hands just as I was really gaining traction and found my dream job in a ER/ICU. My career is my passion, it’s one of those “who I am” jobs. Not being physically able to do it has honestly devastated me. I go through phases where I’m ok, and phases where I feel like I’m mourning who I was and what could’ve been. My condition has gotten worse, I have been stuck at an intern-level position at my dream job (because I can physically do it and my employer has been AMAZING and worked with me to make sure I have income until I can go back to being on ICU floor). 

I have hit one of those bad phases. I want to self-destruct everything around me so that I won’t hurt anyone but myself. Because of this, I second guess my fiancé for ridiculous and illegitimate reasons and I want to push him away so he won’t get “infected” by my hurt. He has changed my life and I love him with all my heart, but I can’t keep going through phases of needing to destroy myself and everything around me without him knowing. How do I tell him? I don’t want to make him feel like he isn’t good enough or something like that. But I also don’t want to force all of my problems into him and be a dark cloud in his life. I don’t want to die right now, not really. I just need to tell someone, especially him, that my heart squeezes every day with the need to self-destruct and I lay awake at night second guessing everything. How do I word it to gain support without pity or hurting him in the process?