Kind of rant kind of just needing to talk to someoneHad a really bad day today. not anything tragic happened but I have been so emotionally down that I've been having a hard time to get myself to do anything. Alarm went off at 8:30, usually cant get myself up until 9 but today I woke up feeling so hopeless that it was after noon before I could get myself up. I've been dehydrated the last few days and so I told myself i would do my best to drink as much as I could today. Just water trying to avoid soda. My stomach didn't want to accept food or water today as everything just made me feel nausious. so I got into benge watching various medical things because thats what I do when I'm depressed. I benge watch/listen to what is currently interesting to me. Hubby comes home and instantly lays down to nap. Didn't even have a chance to tell him I was feeling horrid and needed to talk. 

He gets up and complains about me sitting in the bedroom all day and didn't even give me a chance to tell him i was in the PC room most of the time I was awake. The only thing I managed to get myself to do today is wash a single pan (water was acutally working today) and even I did that wrong as I washed the wrong pan. could have sworn he said wash the pan in the sink. there was only one. Since I thought he needed that pan for dinner I didn't want to dirty it again to make my lunch (fish he bougth for me). well didn't matter anyway. He angerly comments on both not cleaning the right pan and for not eating the fish he bought for me.... I dont even mention that he forgot to pick me up the bananas I asked him to pick up. 

so not only feeling heavily suicidal before he comes home, now I feel worthless and hopeless ontop of it that I cant do anything right..... and just yesterday he was saying how proud he was for me doing better.... he knows I suffer heavy depression along with an illness that causes cronic pain and most of the time he knows to not comment on anything when I'm having a bad day...

so in short. havn't eaten and barely drank anything all day due to being so depressed I feel physically ill....and hubby comes home and makes it a million times worse. soory just ranting here. ignore if you want.