"Anything is better than suicide."Is it? This is the debate I have with myself in my head day in and day out. I'm on disability for various mental illnesses and have been since 2009. I want nothing more than to be off gov't help completely yet because of how ill I am I may never be able to hold down a job. I dream of going back to college (I am 23, have dropped out a few times), getting a degree and working in a job that is both meaningful and useful and putting my intelligence to work (tested iq at 154, so I'm no genius but kinda smart). 

My dilemma. It's like being (or having the potential to be) a great athlete with a (potentially) permanent injury that specialists debate over the diagnosis and all treatments so far have failed. Except it's my brain. All this time on the sidelines of life watching everything go by, I naturally question whether I really would have been such an awesome athlete after all, or whether the world really needs one more.... (scientist, researcher, academic, lawyer, doctor or whatever to drop the metaphor). Maybe I really am a pathetic waste of space like I always imagined, and maybe that wouldn't change even if I got degrees and a good job I enjoyed. What if even that won't cure my search for meaning?

Aside from that I've got all the standard issue reasons to kill myself as well, history of sexual abuse, neglect, bullying; current social isolation; chronic mental illness with the potential to get worse. I can name 3 people (and 2 cats) who would be geniunely upset to learn of my death, and 2 of them I don't care if I hurt them because they both abused me. The third? My therapist. I'm hanging on for her and for the hope that things will get better, but I'm getting really tired.

Back to the main topic. Is anything really better than suicide? The life I'm living now is barely worthy of being called 'life.' I live alone. I work from home a couple hours a day when I can to supplement disability and food stamps so I can pay rent and bills. I hang out w/ my one friend a couple times a week. I bathe and attend to 
hygiene, do the dishes sometimes, smoke weed or drink at night to calm the anxiety and distract from my elaborate and lethal suicide plans. I go to support groups, but feel like most people ~don't understand me~ and treatments like CBT don't do much because my quandary is on an existential level (as well as the regular old psychotic depression/poss schizophrenia/bipolar 2/unicorn syndrome). Medication like SSRIs, anti psychotics, mood stabilizers/anti convulsants tend to make me worse or do nothing.

I have gotten better. I used to be in and out of the hospital once a year, severely bulimic, socially anxious, emotionally labile and my self esteem was so low when my ex (then bf) asked me to spend the night I slept on the floor because I felt 'unworthy' of the bed. It sounds like ... I don't even know what it sounds like. Now it's been a few years since I was last inpatient, my eating is okay and I don't throw up, my mood has stabilized to the point where my therapist called me 'level-headed' the other day (I almost choked laughing) and I sleep on beds and feel sort of okay about myself.

But still I'm a drain on society, my apartment is a mess and when I say I'm doing the absolute best that I can I mean it. It's the best I can do to merely continue living, and I'm not sure why I should keep going. I asked my therapist if I have any chance of living a normal life. She told me a story about a client of hers who was pretty much like me when he came in. 7 years later he's off gov't assistance and instead has 3 shitty jobs and is still kind of miserable. The joy I have to look forward to after 7 years of hard work... Obviously everyone is different, etc. but this is at least one thing I don't have delusions about: it will take a long time to get better (to the point of a normal or at least enjoyable and meaningful life) and some people never do, or their version of better looks a lot like my life now.

My disability is under review. I'm tempted to not turn in my paperwork, let them deny me or whatever they do so I have a reason to finally catch the bus. I've been waiting at the stop a long time. I've watched people get on; I've tried a couple times but I either got cold feet or didn't have the right amount of change. That won't be a problem now. /emo

tl;dr is my shitty life really better than death