Day 1: RealizationsI woke up today. I could tell it was going to be another horrible day because. . . well, O woke up.

My room is a mess, I cannot find any clothes for work, my rabbit, gnawing on the cage as usual. 
I feel so bad for her.
I love her, I really do but I never spend time with her. 
I'm looking for a good home for her. She's so fucking beautiful and sweet. I'm a piece of shit for not loving her more. 
The best thing in this play doh life.

I just distance myself from everyone and everything.
Everything feels fake.

I think something is wrong with my eyes or my head, but everything looks fake too. 
Like I'm looking through lenses in a body that isn't mine. Like a camera out of focus.

I honestly wonder if I am real, or anything is real.
If I end my "life" I will wake up and be in my real life.
I feel like I am locked in a very long, tiring dream.

I had planned my suicide for about three years now. 

I told the few buddies I had what's going on with me. 
It motivates me to go through with it even more, because now I have something to prove.
They're upset, of course they are.
I felt bad for them, but they're not real either.

My "father" asked me for the first time in 3 months if I was avoiding him.
I almost laughed in his face. 
He asks me now?

I lost weight, a lot of weight. I thought it would help my confidence and make things easier. It doesn't. Don't let anyone fool you.
I'm sure eating well and exercise works for some people, but for me it was just a feeble attempt at changing the inevitable.

I started smoking marijuana. The medicinal properties are amazing. Better sleep, it makes me actually eat, not to mention how the rock that sits in my head feels so light. I wouldn't say it made me "happy" but it definitely did more for me than any medication, counselling or healthy lifestyle ever has.
Too bad there is so much stigma around marijuana. It's honestly just as bad as mental illness.

I honestly wished I had started smoking sooner.

I always told myself people who kill themselves are week. 
That, that isn't me. I am strong.
I still think I am strong. 
It's just that this life is not for me. 
It doesn't even feel real.

7 days and counting.