What not to be: Family F**kup EditionNever take anything for granted.  I used to scoff at those words.  I associated them with the millenial "YOLO" movement.  I suppose in my hubris I never fully appreciated the age old adage of making the most of what I already had.  

See, I didn't grow up in a poor family.  Nor did I grow up in a family with special needs or special considerations.  Instead I grew up in a financially responsible household full of love and affection.  There were no great demands or expectations placed upon me.  I was simply expected to do the things most parents expect of their kids.  Things like going to school, getting a job, not doing drugs, those kinds of things.

So yes, I went to school.  I got a job.  I've never done drugs.  I've met that expectation.  Though, let's be honest, those really aren't any sort of accomplishments.  Everyone is expected to do those things.  So I don't pretend like I've done anything worth the gratitude of another, because honestly, I haven't.  In truth I'm what you might call a scumbag of a person.  

I've always been the black sheep of my family.  Not by choice, mind you.  Success is just something that has always eluded me.  If I got Honor Roll (3.0 average) as a kid, my brother got Principal's list (4.0 average).  If I tried out and made a sports team, my brother got on a team of higher caliber.  Now that's not to say my brother and I had this horrible sibling rivalry because of his consistent success.  Actually he and I have had a good relationship over the years.  My sister, who is about as successful as my brother, likewise maintains a good relationship with me.  I throw these examples in to demonstrate how even at an early age I failed to meet expectations for excellence.  

Later on when I became older I realized that it was rather silly to compare myself to them.  I'm not them so I can't hold myself to their expectations.  So what expectations should I have for myself?  Well that's the million dollar question.

Now before I go on, I would like to pause here and say that I used to have depression.  I saw a therapist from 10 to 18 for it and sometimes took medicine.  In the past the things I mentioned would really upset me.  On a few occasions I even cried myself to sleep.  But as I got older I suppose I sort of grew out of those feelings.  The "beat myself up, I deserve to be punished, pity poor me" feelings I used to have seemed to go away as I entered adulthood.  I can't really explain it beyond "growing out of it".  I just stopped thinking that way over time.  

Unfortunately life doesn't suddenly become better because you're no longer depressed.  A fuckup like me is still a fuckup at the end of the day.  I suppose this brings us to the juicy details.  How and why exactly do I believe I am a fuckup?

Well remember I grew up in a household of love and affection.  So while I was at a local community college, my parents were gracious  enough to allow me to stay at my childhood home.  I was allowed to not have a job so long as I was a fulltime student.  So that's what I did.  I went to college for about two years and got my associate's degree.  The plan had been to do my Gen Eds at community college and finish the rest at a 4-year school.  After two years I transferred to a local 4-year school.   Life seemed to be going according to plan.

However, being the fuckup that I am, the plan was doomed to fail.  Shortly after transferring I had two bad semesters.  I was placed on academic probation and at one point even lost my financial aid because my grades were so low.  Eventually I switched my major from mathematics to history.  

This did fix the immediate problem, however, by switching majors I had to retake some new Gen Eds.  So now my 4-year degree turned into a 7-year degree.  Do bear in mind, in this entire seven year span, I'm still living at home with no job.  I'm just going to school.  Eventually I get my B.A. in History Education.  If ever there was a degree that you can do absolutely nothing with in the labor force, it's a B.A. in History Education.  

In my last year, we were required to do a "Student teaching" semester to earn our teaching license.  Well I did this thinking I was there for the kids.  I didn't network.  I didn't socialize with coworkers.  I didn't get contacts who I could use later as references.  I kinda shot myself in the foot.  In fact at one point I even flat out lied to my cooperating teacher's face about a school event for which she caught me.  Since that lie she was pretty much done with my professionally.  To her credit, she was kind enough to give a Pass as opposed to a Fail on my final evaluation.  She didn't have to do that, but she did.  

So the semester ends, I get my license and I'm really excited to get a new teaching job, right?   No.  Wrong.  So very...  very...  wrong.  Firstly, don't pick a liberal arts degree.  At least as far as education goes.  No one and I do mean NO ONE gives a fuck about social studies.  At this point I'm literally waiting for a teacher to unexpectedly die so I can take their place.  Morbid thinking, yes, but that's the reality of the situation.  No school division cares if you were trained to teach history.  They want Math, Special Ed, Science, English in that order.  And you better have a Master's Degree if you're a newbie like me.  

So.  That sucked.  I spent a year tutoring SAT kids making $12/hr.  Sounds decent until I realized I'm only working 20 hours a week.  So by the end of the year I had only made $6000.  Obviously, I'm still living at home.  No one lives off $6000 a year.  

My father was gracious enough to allow me to stay at home so long as I paid for things that were mine.  Car insurance, Phone bills, Student Loans, etc.  Not once was I asked to pay rent or help pay for the water/utilities I was using.  That's not to say my father didn't express his disapproval with me mooching off him.

As luck would have it I landed a Long Term Substitute position at a local school.  I made the most of it by getting along with school staff and students.  I must have done something right because one of the Assistant Principals requested that I be signed on support staff for the school.  So they did that.   

And for the past 3 years I've done that.  It's not what I wanted, but it does get me contacts.  I viewed it as a step in the right direction.  The downside is that this is a job that is paid hourly with no benefits.  So no medical insurance, no dental, no retirement, no 401k, nothing that I desperately need.  But it's money and I rationalized that some money is better than no money.  

Okay.  So let's recap.  I'm now a 28-year-old, living at home, with two jobs that together pay under $20,000.  Not exactly an attractive lifestyle there.  I still maintain that you should count your blessings though.  I could easily be out on the street or worse.  Instead I have reasonably supportive parents who have let me mooch off them for 28 years.  Consequently, they have my eternal gratitude.  To my credit I do try to be a good house guest and do things like the dishes, or take out the trash.

Let's shift gears for a minute now.  How about my social life?  I mentioned a supportive family so I must have something of a successful social life, correct?  Well, this was actually true up until recently. I met a girl who was extremely compatible with me.  She and I dated for about four months until she found out I was a scum bag.

See I had lied to this person by telling them I was a "teacher".  Technically true, but in the spirit of how I sold myself it was a flat out lie.  Worse still, I lied about living on my own at some point in my life.  I told this poor girl that I lived with my parents currently but in college I lived "elsewhere".  There was no excuse for that one.  That wasn't even trying to sell qualities about myself, that was a flat out lie.  So it's not surprising at all that she dumped me on the spot when she discovered I lied and I'm really this 28-year-old loser who has never left home and holds a really menial job.

I felt really disgusted with myself for doing that to a person.  I had effectively wasted 4 months of this person's life because of the lies I told.  She did nothing to deserve that and it was entirely selfish on my part.  It is my sincere hope she never has to experience a scumbag person like me again in her life.


Now I'm not putting this out there to share my life story and earn any sort of acknowledgement.  This is intended to be a tale of what not to do.  An example of what happens when a person squanders the privileges they've been given.

As it currently stands, my father and I had a conversation about my financial and social situation.  I've lied to my parents before (the earlier grade thing being an example) and with the recent lie I told to a significant other, he has little trust in me.  Which is rather fair.  He informed me that once the summer ends I am no longer welcome in his household.  Again, completely fair.  28 years of having someone mooch off me?  I would not have the patience he's maintained.  

I contemplated possible solutions.  The first being to find a job.  Any job.  Doesn't even have to be teaching at this point.  I just wanted to find a job that paid $28,000 or more and I'd be okay by myself.  Well that didn't happen.  Okay.  Plan B.

Would anyone actually care if I wasn't on the planet anymore?  Realistically, probably not.  Now I thought long and hard about this decision.  I didn't think about it while I was upset or emotional.  Quite the contrary, this to me seems like a completely rational solution.  I made inquiries about my bills/loans and it turns out they don't pass on to someone else when I'm declared dead. So, that's neat.  It seems like people around me would be better off if I wasn't around to be a constant pain in their ass with my consistent mistakes.    

Now, just because it seems like a rational solution to me doesn't mean I advocate this solution for someone else.  In fact, I strongly recommend anyone who is considering suicide as an option to talk with someone.  Don't do what the Fuckup like me is doing and just decide to give up.  Take this as a consideration for what not to do and what not to become.  

**TL;DR:**
Try to look at what you have and make the best of it.  That's all anyone can ever ask.