I don't know anymoreOkay, first of all my english sucks, i am not sure if i will be able to write what i really want but i'll try.
I was having some problems since i was 14 or something. I was keep thinking about losing my parents, my loved ones, it was just always in my mind. I was feeling like i could never be able happy, because at the end of they will die and i will have things i regret about them. Beside that i was always stresfull about everything, i was shy and i had no self-confiedence. In my high school i was really having hard times with my lessons, but i didn't really care. In that times, a person who i met online when i was 13, and kinda my best friend became my boyfriend. We were really in love for a few years but just couldn't make it a real relationship. At the end we did and everything was perfect. My biggest mistake was counting on him about every problem i had. Every anxiety, sadness, bad thoughts was gone when i was with him. And it was a serious relationship, it was first for both of us and all we want to live our lifes together. Bu after nearly 8 months he decided to breakup with me. It was about something we lived before but manage to handle -at least i thought so-. (He hates liars, because of his past and stuff and he is really having hard time trusting people. I never lied to him and i said i will never do it. I was like why would i ever need it, it is the easiest thing ever! But we had a fight and i was so stresfull because of that and i said a lie which is so unnecessary, silly and stupid. He forgave me after i told him i lied but after few months he just said he can't able to do it anymore.) And i was being so needy, because i was relying o him about everything. He is a person who love to have some alone time. I was fucking that up too, i wanted him beside me all th time. At the end of i found myself without him, with my every bad thought in my mind again. And he started dating with someone else too. I start homeschooling because i just don't want go school anymore -it is my last year in highschool-. And now i lost all of my friends in my school too, we never really talk anymore. My dad is a toxic person, my mom and my sister are okay but we never had any emotional connect, so i can't just talk with them about it. Lastly i have to study to get in a good college but i am so tired about everything in my life, i am trying so hard to live and have a better life but i just can't do it, i don't even feel ready about moving out from my family house, studying in another city. Like it is not enough i feel like my whole life was so empty, i didn't do anything that worth it, i didn't spent any quality time with my family, and now i don't have any time left to do this things.
I have just nothing to live for anymore, i wanna die in my fucking bed, i don't wanna wake up anymore, but i can't do it.
