When will it end?Life has been going steadily downhill since childhood started to become the past rather than the present. Things got more real, other things got less fun and more bad shit seemed to happen. “Grow up” they say, as if growing up is really so much fun. “Stop being a baby” they say as if being taken care of in every aspect of your life is such a terrible thing. 

If my family wasn’t broke as dirt, maybe things would be a bit different. Maybe if I had applied for more scholarships and tried a bit harder in school, I’d actually get to go to college. But as things are now I’m almost 20 and I’m no closer to making a living for myself than I was in high school. I live with a roommate in an apartment that we barely afford and go to work every day to a job I hate. This isn’t the life I had in my head while I was in high school. This wasn’t my dream. Every girl I’ve ever had any interest in ends up not interested or leaving. (That’s their choice of course, but I can’t help being a little bitter.) Heartbreak after heartbreak makes me wonder if I’m capable of love. Time after time life takes a shit on me I wonder if I’m even worthy to have the dreams I dream, to live the life I’d love to live. And still it continues, slowly draining the hope out of me until there’s but a husk of a man drifting through life like a wild animal, doing everything it can to survive but still guaranteed nothing .

Three times I’ve had a plan to end my life. And three times something made me stop. Once was an alarm clock of mine not waking me up at the time when my family would be asleep. The second was my rope, already tied in a noose, being taken by “people who care”. The third time I felt guilty. Yeah, GUILTY! Guilty that if I ended MY OWN LIFE someone close to me would be sad! Guilty that I’d let people down for ending the thing that’s only given me misery. Why is suicide so frowned upon? People wouldn’t do it if they weren’t truly suffering. Why do people expect us to cling to life in constant agony just to appease their feelings? What kind of bullshit is that? Sometimes I just wish that there were suicide booths, where you go in with a couple bucks and you just take a seat and they kill you with an odorless gas that you won’t even know isn’t air.

Most times I’m not even dealing with an emotional event, I’m just contemplating existence or even just going about a normal day having fun when out of nowhere I get smacked in the back of the head by depression. Sometimes I pray to the supposed god in the clouds, but there’s never a reply. If god loves me he has a poor way of showing it. What kind of being creates a whole planet of life and then thinks, “ I love these things, so if they don’t love me back, they get to go to this place I brewed up called hell, cause I’m the best and need all their love. But wait, let me make them so that they think freely and some of them won’t believe in me” like what kinda fucking sense does that make? And what kinda god would create so many people that hate themselves and are just walking meat sacks of depression? Why couldn’t he make us all happy? Maybe then everyone would love the fucker.

Anyways back on topic, life is a lie where only those born ahead get ahead while the broke stay broke. It’s fucked up and I wish I had the guts to kill myself. The end.