I'm 28 and unable to surrender myself to happiness.I'm trapped in survival mode. I have a lot of anxiety caused by trying to save as much money as possible because i fear losing my job or illness and either one would be devastating to the point where I could be homeless.  I don's have any friends. I hat my job, but don't have the money to go back to school for a better one (I have a humanities BA).  I bought a house 2 years ago, and am never home to enjoy it because I work 50-60 hours a week.  My boyfriend and family nag at me to dress nicer and "spend more time on myself" and they say its because I'm attractive.  Before I was being hounded with these comments I actually had pretty decent self esteem, but now I feel like i do not look age appropriate or acceptable without nice clothes (which i do not want to spend my precious few dollars on) or makeup (which i don't mind, but only wear once a week or so).  When I was a teenager, I thought it was awesome to be a girl.  IT felt like times had changed and girls were equal! However as I have grown older, I hate being a woman.  I feel limited in my earning power.  I would love to have a child some day but cannot fathom how I'd be able to (financially) take care of one on my own and still keep up the work schedule I need.  I don't feel I could ever trust anyone to be supportive of me financially because I've been "independent" for so long.  My boyfriend is a foreign national and planning to move to his home country in about a year.  He would like me to go with him and says that there's enough money where I wouldn't have to work, but the thought of that terrifies me.  I can't imagine having to ask someone for money to buy tampons and food.  Also, going with him would mean sacrificing everything I've worked for, which right now is basically just my house.  But the house is very important to me because it's my only validation that I'm not a sloth person.  Look, MY house.  I bought it. Myself.   But I feel like I'm going to end up alone in my house, squirreling away nuts and talking to my dog.  I feel like I'm stuck in a dichotomy where i can either keep my "independence" and live a hair away from poverty and ruin or I can gussy up and submit to the patriarchy so i can be more stable, but tied to the whims of someone else who as the main breadwinner gets more "say".  I just can't relax, ever.  I constantly tired. I feel lazy because I don't exert more energy into bettering my life, learning new things, doing new things, seeing new places.  When I think of a vacation, my dream is to sleep 14 hours a day and have my dog bring me breakfast when I wake up.  maybe go swimming.  That's all the desire I have left.  I don't even care to feel physically well to the point where if I'm hungry and don't have immediate access to something appetizing at the moment, I just don't eat.  Some days all I eat is a bowl of granola.  I don't feel deserving of the energy because it would be wasted on me or i would waste it doing things that don't bring me joy, like finding a second bullshit job. My immune system is tanking. I'm constantly getting canker sores in mu mouth and they hurt, and are another reason I don't eat much as they make it uncomfortable.  I feel i lack the funds and energy to change my life or find meaning or purpose and i feel very immature for feeling this way.  I feel if i tried something and failed, it would be ruin.  Too risky. sorry for the long unedited verbal spew.