Just getting it off my chestI was in love, of course, how else does any self pity story start out. But I really was, I dated this girl most of my high school years and some after I graduated. Then one day after a very hard conversation I wasn't sure we'd be together for much longer. She wanted to start going to college and she wanted to go to one down in Arizona. I was totally willing to go with her but she didn't know if she wanted me to. She knew all my family was in Spokane and didn't want me to leave all of them just for her. It was a tough talk and said we would talk again and for right now she wanted a break. I was heart broken and I tried my best to take her word for it and it was just going to be time for her to think about it and I was trying to stay positive telling myself she would want to stay together. After a few days I tried to get ahold of her no answer. Figured she just needed more time. Few more days no answer. A week, no answer. A month no answer.

 I was more angry then I have ever been in my whole life. The girl I once saw as my everything became nothing more then memories i wish I could forget. I hated her. How could she do this? What was wrong with her? What the hell was wrong with me that I let myself love someone who could just not talk to me anymore. Literally have no problem not speaking with someone she spoke to everyday for the last 1,460 days about life, our life's, our future, everything! I was consumed in rage. Then after a couple more weeks after finally coming to terms that she was just now a stranger I got a call... On a day when I finally felt okay I get this call... It was my mom crying and she needed me home to "talk". But I was at my cousin's and we had plans and I didn't want to come home I asked if we could talk on the phone and she simply said no... I'm coming to you just stay there. So I did and she got there and I could tell something was wrong. She was holding back tears and then just said it and I never knew words could take your breath away like this. Like Mike Tyson just uppercutted me in my stomach and I felt like I was gonna pass out. My mother then told me the girl I wanted to marry and have a future with and then turned into my worse enemy got really sick and was in a coma the last couple months. Her parents wanted to tell me but didn't because they were hopefully that she would come out of it. But eventually it came to the point that they knew they needed to start letting people know... 

I cried so much for so long I could only taste salt for the next week. I got to go to the hospital and hold her hand and cry some more as I took her promise ring off her finger and gave her one last kiss goodbye. The girl I loved that turned into my enemy that turned into the girl I thought didn't care about me anymore became the only person I still grieve about till this day and now i hated myself for hating her. She was in a coma and that's why she couldn't talk to me? But she was just about to leave me? I'm grieving over a girl who didn't love me anymore? Or did she? Did she want to get back together? Till this day I ask myself this and no one knows. All I know is I hated and loved her at the same time and it was all because she wouldn't talk to me and she couldn't talk because she was never really there to talk anymore. She was under some machine keeping her alive. She was still wearing the promise I gave her two years prior... I can see it so clearly till this day... I never wanted to die more and some days I still feel like maybe I should. I still have never meet anyone quite as amazing as her... and I still have never forgiven myself for hating her when I'm still not sure if I did or didn't have any right to be so angry with her. 
Anyways I just wanted to get that off my chest. Today marks the day that 6 years ago I took that promise ring off her finger and this time of year is just hard for me.