My life is the definition of insanity.My friend even told me so. I keep doing the same things over and over again and expecting a different result. March I lost my fiance when he fell in love with another girl after we moved into a new apartment together. I started drinking again after that. I dropped out of school. I was stuck living with him because I had helped pay for that apartment and was broke from doing so. $2000 down the drain. He started to become mentally, emotionally, and physically abusive. I was broken and still am. Then my friend offered me an escape. Move into his apartment with him and his son. However, I was never able to recover. My drinking is now to the point where I am going to lose everything. My job is hanging in by a thread and I cry every day. I cry before work, during work, and after work. The only thing that stops me from feeling like crying is drinking. It is the only way I can get through a day without feeling so bad. But, this past week and a bit it has somehow managed to get even worse. My room mate bailed out on August 28th. He basically said he was going to be going to London for work for the weekend. He then proceeds to tell me that we are losing the apartment. I went out drinking that Friday and haven't stopped. I cry all the time. 

I am sure my bosses know that my life is unraveling. My work isn't the same. I don't see the point. I don't find pleasure in anything. I am sitting in front of my TV right now and can't find any pleasure in watching TV. I am ruining relationships with people. I am not sure how aware people around me are, but it is just so hard to not want to run away from it all.  Even now I just feel like crying. I don't have any alcohol and don't plan on buying anymore. It is only a temporary bandage. It is a crap coping mechanism. I have lost 5lbs this week alone because I have no desire to eat. I can't sleep and ALL I want to do is sleep or cry. Even as I type this I am crying. I just want something to go right in my life. I just want normalcy. I can't even afford to rent this place, but I have no where else to go. I am just so tired of this. What is the point? I think about killing myself every day. I thought about it in the bathtub earlier. Just sitting there, being a sad excuse for an individual. I wish they would just fire me and give me a reason to go 100% off the deep end.