I spent today trying to get better, I hung out with my dad, I exercised, I showered, I ate a salad.And guess what? I feel just as bad as I did last night. It's almost like depression doesn't care if I fucking shower or eat a salad. There really isn't any way for me to get better. I'll always be depressed, I'll always have no energy, I'll always want to kill myself every single day. I can bash my head against a wall all I want but I'll never actually feel good about myself or anything. I'll never feel like an adult. I just want to see a fucking doctor, I want to not feel like this. I want to work to get better but I can't fucking do it on my own. I push myself to my very fucking limit of trying to fix myself and I always end up feeling even worse. I want to hang myself so bad, the only thing stopping me is that I don't have a rope. I want to see a gender therapist and get on T and get a job and go back to college but all these things I want to do I can't do on my own I try and try and I can't do anything ever. Everyone says just take baby steps and I've been struggling with taking the step of brushing my teeth every day for over two years now and I can't even take that step. There's no help for someone like me, I'll never get better, society prefers me to be like this. It prefers that I lay in bed forever and never go outside and speak to anyone and ruin people's days because that's all I would do. No one I ask wants to help me. Something as simple as giving me a ride to a doctor is always, not only turned down but me being screamed at and told that I'm making everything up and that I'm a loser. I fucking know I'm a loser! That's why I want to kill myself! Because I'm a fucking dumb loser who will never get better! I don't have insurance, I can't drive a car, I can't even brush my hair more than once a month. I'm just a fucking child in an adult body that can't do anything ever. The most I can do is function at like an 11 year old level once a week. God I really want to fucking die. I know I'll never get better so why can't I fucking kill myself already. I don't get how I can't be fucking too afraid of the pain when it's my only option left. How is the pain that I feel every day not worse than the little bit of pain I could be in if I shot myself. It's not worse, I've been in this fucking pain for years, of much rather shoot myself. If only I had a gun. Please God give me a gun. I just want to end this.