At leadt one suicidal thought a dayEvery time I have my own thoughts or opinions someone is always there to prove me wrong. I've never stuck to my guns on an opinion. 
   I've always had decisions made for me, not for lack of me trying, people just force me into the decisions because mine are "always wrong." I can't comfortably complain because every time I have to my family all I get is "well my life is so much worse" basically.  
   I've always felt my life and problems are trivial and through most of my life they've been treated as such. Always the one to listen never the one to be listened to. 
   My sister used to cry and complain to me about how she wanted to kill herself and I would listen and help. The first time I told her that I was suicidal in the words "a lot of the time I want to take a gun and blow my head off" and the response I got was "good luck getting the gun and the bullet!" And her jumping out of my car to avoid me saying anything else. Saddest part was: I could have easily gotten both within the next 30 minutes and thought about doing it just to prove her wrong.
   My brother and my mother attempted to force me into the military because it's what my brother did. They didn't tell me in exactly these words but they basically made me feel that I'd I didn't join the military I would never accomplish anything in my life. They made it seem like it was the only path for dear old me to take. They were so angry and disappointed when I decided to say fuck it and I missed my deployment to basic.
   My other sister had just recently had a friend commit suicide and I was just talking with her when my suicidal tendencies came into the conversation. I get it was in bad taste to bring it up but I've never had anyone to talk to about it and I trusted her above all of my other family. She simply looked at me and said "you know that really hurts that you'd say that to me after ....'s death" and moved on like I hadn't even said it.  trivializing my feelings again.
   I have only ever told my mother I was suicidal and that was the first time I felt like i should kill myself. She didn't even try to talk to me herself. She just simply pawned me off to a shrink and forced me to go once a week. The only problem she wanted me to even address wasn't my suicidal feelings but my pornography addiction. Like a noose is more acceptable than looking at tits.
   I've noticed more and more since I moved out that as much as my family loves me in terms of taking physical care of me, there is no emotional connection. If I cry I'm told to man up. If I feel suicidal or even try to talk about it, it's glossed over. And when I bring these things up I'm told I'm wrong and "that is not what happened at all" event though it keeps repeating. 
   It's caused me an inability to complain without apologizing repeatedly because I feel I don't matter to anyone, even when obviously I do. I've grown such bad anxiety because I bottle it all up and worry and can't bring myself to day anything.  My anxiety has gotten so bad that I can be having a fantastic day and then within the next few minutes I'm thinking of ways to kill myself. 
   The only reason I haven't isn't even fear of death. It's the fact that I keep thinking that if I kill myself I'll hurt some and others will just look at me like a selfish cunt. But slowly I'm beginning to not care. I feel like I should just clean up my room, pack my shit into boxes, write out a note and finish this. And this isn't even the first time this fucking week.
   I feel dumb blaming it all on my family but no one else in my life has emotionally abused me like this. I'm sure my genetics have something to do with it but if I had someone to go to I know it wouldn't be at least one suicidal thought a day.