All Ready Marked My expiration Date On My CalendarHonestly i made this account for the soul reason to write my story for whoever may give 2 shits about it and as a kinda mark that i was here, because what goes up on the internet stays there. Ill keep it as short as i can. I didn't have a bad childhood growing up (Im currently 19) my parents aren't been divorced and i have to younger siblings. The root of the problem/where it started, if honest would be when i was in 7th grade when the teacher discussed what we wanted to be when we grow up. All the kids wrote on their paper the common Police officer, fighter fire, doctor ect, i however left it blank and that blank had been carried over to high school. At the time i moved homes and entered High School, and little thing about me is im the shy type of guy, all my friends in middle school came up to me because im not the type to go up to strangers and befriend them. Keep that in mind i didnt have friends in high school because i wouldnt interact with others,(i was never too fond of people)I was the quite kid who would answer questions with a nod for yes and no, group work was a no for me 2. Anyone who would try to get close to me to open up was shoot down, student and teachers alike. When i spoke in class everyone would be amazed is if they thought i couldn't speak. I only spoke when i had too otherwise i avoided it, i was your typical loner who sat at lunch alone with his head down, matter infact i layed my head down when ever i could. Needless during my 10th grade year when teacher start talking to you about college was the time time i attempted my first suicide. I tied a rope in my back yard tree around the time my parents were off at work. Put the rope around my neck and stood on a outdoor chair ready to end it there. I turned and woke on the ground realizing i had been unconscious and the rope came lose. Damn i failed at even the simplest task of killing ones self. How i get to this point? In school and came to realize that it was pointless for me to keep on living, i had no motivation, no ambitions like the others nothing that justified the reason for me to continue when i didnt want to. I picked up the rope and decided to not commit suicide for the time being mostly from guilt that my family would be horrified so i decided to give it another year, maybe next year will be better right? ill find something right? So i did , the following year in 11th grade i tried looking for interesting careers. I attend college fairs and programs to motivate myself, in the end i settled with the Tourism industry considering im bilingual, but that fake motivation didnt last for long because i knew what i really wanted i wanted to give up right then and there but my family prevented me from doing so. I tired to run to my hobbies to cope with this feeling. I played video games, read books, and even picked up art, but none of it lasted for long i grew tired of it. Around this time tried to commit suicide for the second time. This time ill jump off a into a flowing river i cant swim so it was fool proof right? Wrong im so damn unlucky because the stream pushed me off to shore preventing me from drowning. I think i must be broke right? wanting to die without a real reason. Some of you might say well get some help, well thats just it! i dont want help! i dont want to listen to someone telling me its ok its just the chemicals in my brain making me feel this way, or you just need love or friends to help, NO i dont i dont like people i enjoy being alone i enjoy my own company. Im not religious in any way nor the i want to see help just want to die and end it all.Some will say well thats selfish think about your family, id say im numb to it now and dont give me that selfish crap its my life and i believe if i want to end it i can! People kill People and thats fine because they have reason But No if you wanted to commit suicide its like the worst thing ever like im not hurting anyone else. Things got worst my senor year to the point where i skipped half my classes and went home early, later altogether not coming to school for the last 2 months. Then they're going to try and give me their shit pity by passing me saying i had enough point to graduate. Sure enough i had good grades in school and could of gotten scholarships no problem, but thats the problem. I dont want any of it i plan to end it for real this time. Ive been locked in my room for about 90% of my day only leaving to get some food once a day. I eat one meal a day and thats when my mother brings me food, i dont reject it because i dont want to see her cry. i havent spoken or seen to my father in 3 months. Mostly because when i tried to leave the house at night my mother caught me and my dad tried to stop me resulting in a fight. Him being taller heavier and buff than me he pined me down now i avoid him all the time. I still car about my sister's that i leave my room when whey come back from school so i can cook them a meal till mom comes home. They are unaware about whats been going on ones 12 the other 5. Id like to keep it that way. Ive been holding back from committing suicide because their birthdays where coming up and i didn't want to ruin it,now that they're B day passed im edged to end it but Christmas is coming up and i dont want to ruined that ether but im not sure if i can wait that long i want to do it soon. I just hope i can wait out till New Years.