Almost jumped off the 31st floor.Hey guys
I really need to let this out and this seemed like the most appropriate sub for it
It was my boyfriend's birthday last night, some of his friends from his home town came down to the city and we went on a pub crawl with roughly 10 mates. 
Everyone was pretty drunk or high, and I just felt this wave of doom spread over me. I was quite all night which is very unlike me because i am usually a very loud, enthusiastic person. 
Everyone was having a great time and because i didnt want to bring anyone else down i acted like i was okay and went along with it. My 3 best friends kept telling me how much they loved me and cared for me, and would keep checking on me which made me feel loved. 
Fast forward to the early hours of the morning, we went back to the apartment i booked for us all to stay. I decided it was a great idea to stand on the balcony, 31 floors above ground and stare at the sky. I was out there for a long time, and the only thing running through my mind was to jump off. As soon as i was about to stand on the chair and i guess jump, my boyfriend came outside and stood with me. He put his arm around me in the cold and just stood there. After 5 minutes, he turned around to me and told me he loved me (this is the first time he has said that to me since we've been together) and i said it back. He then went on about how much i mean to him etc and i started crying. I hugged him and told me i loved him, but then the mood changed because one of our mates had to leave.
Later on, everyone kinda just crashed everywhere and my boyfriend's best friend ended up sleeping next to my boyf, leaving me to sleep on the very small couch. I was really mentally unstable so i had a joint and took double of my medication and slept. 
The next morning everything was fine and we all left all happy n shit
But now im sitting in my car, almost angry at myself for not just jumping off. 
The problem is though, that i know how much i am loved and how much I'm worth. I know life is worth it, i know suicide is not the answer
But i want to die. I KNOW that i will be missed, i have the best friends, and an even better family, and a caring boyfriend, i know how much it'll affect all of them and specially me. But i really just want to fucking die. I'm very tempted to overdose on insulin tonight. 
Im sorry.

TL:DR: almost jumped off a building last night, regretting my decision to stay alive.