This post got ridiculously long. I don't blame anyone who chooses not to read it.*Skip to the end to just understand my current feelings*

Ever since I can remember, I have always been a loner.  I never really related to my peers. I don't have any friends. This been due to my struggles with gender dysphoria. I never felt like I was being myself around anyone. So I never invested in any friendships or romance. Now, I have just gone through a really rough patch in my life. I am going through the transition from my birth sex to living as my internal gender. For those who don't understand internal gender, think handedness. No matter how much you do things with either hand, one of your hands just feels more comfortable, more natural (with the exception of those ambifolk). Now that I'm finally expressing myself naturally, instead of forced, I have opened myself to relationships. Here's where the rough stuff starts. I finally found a friend, a fellow nerd who thinks very like-minded to me and knows the authentic me. Or so I thought. I was venting about my depression on FB and she then assumed the source of my depression was her. She proceeded to dissect my personality, seeing me as a cruel woman. Then she ghosted me. I thought, "good riddance, I don't  need such a vengeful person in my life." About this time, I started dating someone. We hit things off immediately and dove right into a relationship. Once the honeymoon period ended, I think we both realized that even though we loved each other's company, there was no future for us. I was now ghosted by her too, this time without any real provocation. I was forced to make the decision to break up with her. I thought to myself reasonably, "I can't be in a relationship with someone who can go weeks without talking to me." After things ended, I took things slow. I spent over a month getting to know a girl online before even suggesting we have a date IRL. We had two dates, both seemed to go well. Both ended with us planning our next date and a kiss. A couple days before our third date was planned, she told me she thought things just wouldn't work between us. That was it, not even a clique like "it's not you, it's me" or "I'm just not that into you." No explanation. This is where I'm at now. My brain has been running nonstop trying to understand why I'm always alone. In my depression, I just thinking that there is only one explanation: What is more likely, that I only meet awful people or that there is just something wrong with me? I have got me thinking about my past, where I thought I just didn't allow myself relationships. I've come to the conclusion everything I thought up until now has just been wrong. I see now that I have tried to have relationships my entire life. The whole "not investing in relationship with people who don't know the real me" thing was I lie I told myself to numb the pain of the truth. I do have family and coworkers I get along with. But no one, who can choose to let me in their lives, chooses to keep me in their lives. The truth is: every attempt at a relationship I've tried, I am always one who tries to start things. I'm always the one to make plans. I genuinely do not what it feels like to have someone want me in their lives. I am the one wanted to be, and still want to be, in their lives. They all humored my desires for a time, but kick me to the curb when I get to be too much. I must seem like some puppy to everyone. But as they get to know me better, I become the dog they didn't think would be that much hassle. I think I try too hard and I'm done. Im done trying. I don't have it in me to keep going. To reiterate, who would want to live a life where no chooses to have you in their lives. I know I don't. 