Lived under a personal raincloud my whole life. Now I'm lower than ever.I remember the first time I thought a long time about dying. I must have been 10. I was laying on the top bunk bed on a lazy day, and just thinking about what *if* a bullet just happened to come through the wall and into my head. I realized I didn't dread it. In fact, I wished for it. It made me feel good, maybe in a self-pitying way because I never really felt much positive attention from others (though I didn't have a "bad" childhood, just a lonely one). And I thought finally I might have a bunch of people openly caring about me. 

The idea of death was also attractive because it would be so much more peaceful than the constant stress my brain revels in. Over the years, I have tried a psychiatrist, a therapist, a life coach, meditation, tons of exercise, a vegetarian diet, volunteering for all sorts of causes. I spent two years after college working for nonprofits for nothing because I need a sense of purpose to drag me along. I thought I had also found that purpose in my girlfriend, naively, for those same, tumultuous years. I left her because by the end, I guess I was already feeling rotten inside. One month later, and after probably 50 applications and six fucking months of unemployment, I am about ready to  sell my brain for a job that will provide a nice income at the expense of giving a shit about purpose. I thought it was a good idea a few weeks ago, and it still seems like the "thing I need to do" or "should be grateful to have" to "get by." I don't have a purpose anymore, and I'm tired of trying to fix myself. I just want peace. I've had suicidal thoughts more than ever the past few weeks. Today I searched techniques for the first time. I just want to stop finding a temporary solution to a raincloud that lets up sometimes, but never disappears. I think the only solution may be anti-depressants, but then I think about my life and I feel like I should be ashamed of saying that when people around me are telling me that I'll "grow" and I have it in me to fix myself. I just don't agree anymore. This feeling keeps coming back. 