Help me. (Long text wall. Might seem incoherent at sometimes cause I don't have the understanding of my situation well enough to describe it accurately.) Hope you guys take the time to read it though.I'm a quite young teenager I've been having moments of awakening. Existentialism is waht I guess you would call it. I'm gonna grow up, either be successful or not  and then die. Everyone in the end is going to die. What's the point of living? You're just delaying inevitable death. Even if you become successful and happy, it's gonna take luck, skill, hard work and good grades. I don't have any of this stuff, no matter how hard I try so many factors keep crushing me. What's worse is that if you even want to be remotely satisfied with your 60+ years left on this world, you gotta be successful and have some money. But how can you become successful when you don't get into a half-decent college? I take honors and AP classes but my grades are struggling and I haven't even been in school for a month. The people at my school are all pretty big cunts who are overly competitive to the point where they will backstab long friendships just for a better grade on one damn test. What makes it worse is that I've got a pretty shitty personality, even if i try to "behave" as well as I can. I've got some decent friends but most of them are cunts and pretty cruel. I admit that my asian parents are pretty nice and aren't the tiger type but the inevitable disappointment in going to bring them is crushing. They worked their ass off to become a middle class family and set me up with a wonderful life and a top 2 school in my state. I have accepted the fact that I can't live to waht they become. 

I'm a hardcore republican while not being white and I know it's going to hurt me in the future. I've already had teachers give me some pretty shitty grades just cause of my political beliefs. I know that being as an asian, being left-leaning is PROVABLY going to help you the most, but it just doesn't match my ideology. I've been discriminated against so many times just because i'm asian and I haven't been on this fucking earth for 2 decades. I know life isn't fair but this shit isn't gonna change. I know if I become powerful I can dig myself out of my hole but what's the point of living if you are going to be in pain for the rest of your life? Quite frankly, there isn't a point. My life goal is to try to push myself to become 30 without killing myself. If I honestly can't handle it anymore, I'm gonna either take some xanax and drown myself or jump. I've  seen so much death and brutality that I honestly don't even give a shit anymore. I'm numb to it. I'm just giving my two cents and I'm really hoping some of y'all can take the time to help save me or correct me from a destined future of depression and inevitable suicide. 


Thank you for taking the time to read this. 
