[Serious] Clinical psychiatrists only please. What is wrong with me and how can I "get better"?Throwaway for obvious reasons.

I have a constant battle going on in my head all the time, from the moment I wake till I fall asleep. Not like one "battle", rather I'm always imagining some kind of conflict that's going to happen. Either a physical fight, a balls to the wall screaming argument or just a disagreement.

It goes further than that. Everything I think of or dream about I imagine a negative outcome. For example, if I daydream of finally meeting a nice woman who likes/loves me back, daydream will inevitably and quickly turn to thoughts of her cheating on me. If I dream of having a baby with some imagined woman, I dream that the baby will come out black. I'm white.

If I dream of taking her to meet my Dad, I'll dream of waking up in the middle of the night and coming out to find her fucking my Dad or one of his mates, then me killing them all in a violent manner. If I get a new job, I never think of how well it could go if I apply myself, I think of all the ways I could fuck it up and the arguments and fights I'll get into with the other staff.

If someone pisses me off, my first thought is to beat them to death with a metal pole or a bat. The the thoughts get WAY more unsettling. But they don't really unsettle me, I just know that thinking about raping a person's family to death in front of them for weeks on end is a fucked up thing to think about. It's not normal. But it doesn't actually make me react other than to get angry that this is where my brain naturally goes.

I fantasize about finding the people who have wronged me in the past and torturing them in underground bunkers where the police can't find me until it's too late, then putting a bullet in my head.

If I so much as read about someone who has done something that upsets or annoys me I instantly think about killing them.

When I do think of torturing people, I go into extreme detail. How, where, what I'd need, etc. I think of the best way to inflict the most pain I can. Physically and mentally.

I'm sure you're getting the point. Every moment of my day is filled with constant negative thoughts about everything in my life, both real and imagined.

I suffer from depression. I'm pretty sure all this isn't part of that.

I'm 41 now. Obviously with what's going on inside my head, I've achieved nothing in life. I get nowhere every time without fail. I've never had a job that lasted more than two years. When something good happens, I sabotage it and don't realise till after. This doesn't help with getting treatment because I'm broke and you fuckers cost a fortune.

I'm alone and have been for all but two years of my adult life. I haven't had sex in almost 10 years. I disgust myself so much that I won't even see a prostitute anymore, which is the only way I could get laid and I have no game whatsoever and never have. I'm useless socially, let alone with members of the opposite sex.

I wake up wanting to kill myself every day. I don't because my mother is still alive and I couldn't put her through that. Her son in a fucking loser, she doesn't need him to be a dead fucking loser. That is what I think of myself. I am a fucking loser.

When I think of my realistic future, I think of me, alone in some room with no family or friends and no money, miserable like I am now.

I have one real friend. He lives 500 km away and I don't know if I really know or like him. I hate being around people. I hate a lot of people.

I hate myself most of all. The best part of my life is over and I'm not sure the bit that's left is worth living. It's getting harder and harder to not kill myself, mum alive or not. That's why I'm writing this. I really want to die but I don't want to do it to her. I'm just not sure how much longer I can hold out.

Please help.