How can i keep goingIve been wanting to kill myself lately, actually for a long time. 
I went googling trying to find different methods, ones that maybe wont hurt as much as others because frankly - im done with pain. Ive been in pain, emotional pain my whole life. Nothing is going for me, nothing is working out, i dont have a normal life, i dont have people who loves me and makes me want to be or do better.

Anyway. As i was googling i read something along the lines of «stop, before you decide you want to die, grab a pen and piece of paper and write down what you love. Then write down who you love, listen to your favorite songs. Then open some old photos and look at the good memories» im just gonna stop there.

It broke me. Are you kidding me, i love no one, i just do not have any bonds to any one, and maybe someone cares about me, but no one loves me back in that way. I dont love anything either, im the type of person with no ambitions and no dreams and all that. I hate the world and society and how everything works. Listening to my favorite songs wont do shit for me, other that make me cry more because theyre sad songs.. And what will looking at memories do for me? I have no one to make new memories with and all the old ones are the past and thats nothing but painful.

Yes, before you even say it, yes i do have mental problems. Dont even mention those things to a valnurable person, i beg of you not to. 

You have no idea how long ive been holding on now but i cant see the bright side of things anymore. Im constantly unhappy and ive always been. Why is it mandatory to live like this, people that doesnt feel like this will never ever know the amount of pain. I might be young but i know im never gonna love living the way they have made the world out to be. Im sorry, the world is beautiful but i hate it, and we are basically being new times slaves (calling it this because real slaves had it a million times worse, im aware)

If anyone want to be helpful pm me about ways to go out, i get most of you would wanna talk me out of it, but dont waste your time. I just want to know all of my methods so maybe i wouldnt have to endure the worst of pains for this last task i have.