A little story    Hey. I’m not trying to get pity or anything like that. I’ve already made my decision and chose what I want to do in the next week or 2. I just wanna see if I can make anyone else feel maybe just a little bit better about themselves. 

    Basically when I was a kid I was extremely enthusiastic and loved life much like any other kid I guess. Shit took a drastic change after I got in like 1st or 2nd grade. I was bigger than a lot of the kids. My dad was an amazing cook and I was always eating. I was bullied every. Single. Day. About my weight and how I looked. The funny thing is...the people bullying me were my friends. I hung out with them outside of school and shit like that. Every single moment I was with them they were making fun of me and shit. I was their verbal punching bag. They all had pretty bad family problems. (Didn’t know that till I was a bit older.) Anyways, that went on for a pretty long time. All of elementary school, actually. It never really got to me though. Yeah, it hurt but I just always thought of it as a joke because idk. I wasn’t really a person who took shit to heart back then. I genuinely loved life. So going into middle school...I made new friends. I was always the funny one people went to when they were feeling down, etc. After that, I started making fun of myself to make other people laugh. I became extremely popular throughout my town or whatever. I was attractive, funny, and had a lot of friends. The thing is...I tried so hard to make other people happy. I never EVER thought about myself now that I think of it. My “best friends” continued to make fun of me...how I looked, how I ate, literally every possible aspect of my life. It was mostly only one of them, the other 2 I could actually call my best friends. Idk. Back to the point. On to high school. Freshman year, I started to think about myself and thought “what do I want? I started being rude as fuck to everyone. Teachers, my “friends”...anyone who said shit about me or pissed me off I guess. That’s basically when I realized I was depressed as fuck from all this shit I’ve been putting up with since fucking elementary school. I also have OCD. I remember having symptoms since I can even remember. So I’ve been dealing with that too. Anyways...I made even more friends, and lost all the old ones. I was a jock, played football...shit like that. After I stopped taking people’s shit I started getting into drugs, fighting, and doing anything illegal I could possibly think of. Anyways, Onto about sophomore/junior year I dropped out. I hated school &amp; everything about it. I had a job or whatever (still work there today) and I was fine with my decision because I honestly fucking hated school. (At the time) and couldn’t give a fuck about anyone there. I stopped talking to literally everyone except for probably 1 person. That’s when the depression, anxiety, and ocd took over my life. I hated everything. I hated my life. All I would do was sit in bed, watch Netflix, listen to music, and go to work. Literally. Every fucking day. I never saw my family, (except my parents and siblings...) never went out, never did shit. I was basically rotting in my bed. After my family saw the shit I was going through I was hospitalized twice in a psych hospital and went to therapy, got on medication, and everything was still the same. The only times I got up was to go to mcdonald’s, smoke, or go to the bathroom or whatever. Like I was talking about earlier...I was a big kid. I had a lot of extra weight but at this point I was a stick. Idk how, Probably just my metabolism. Anyways fast forward to now. It’s still the same. Never got my ged. Still have the same fast food job. I’m 21...I dropped out when I was 16. 5 years of the same shit. When I was a kid I had so many dreams...I wanted to be so many things. I always talked to my friends in middle school about going to college, graduating, and how our lives would be after school. It’s crazy to think I would end up here. If you wanna know how severe/fucked up my OCD is, look at my other post. I can’t even bear talking about that shit again. My life is shit. There’s nothing ANYONE can say to make me feel better about myself. There’s nothing ANYONE can say to make me wanna live. I’m the definition of a trashy ass mother fucker with no life and there’s nothing anyone can say to change my mind. Shit...if anyone’s even reading this they’re probably thinking “why hasn’t he killed himself yet” i don’t even fucking know. This will probably be my last post. I don’t deserve happiness. I don’t deserve anything tbh. Whenever i think of myself doing something fun or something good for myself i cringe. Whenever i eat i hate myself, because i feel like someone else more deserving could be eating that instead of fucking ME. I literally lose 5-10 pounds a month. (If you wanna know why, again, go to my recent OCD related post. As I’m sitting here I’m actually planning when I’m going to “catch the bus”. I’ve planned this about a thousand times but never really thought of when i was going to do it. I’m sure now. If this post made anyone else feel better...well I’m actually glad. I hope someone read this and was like “damn my life actually isn’t that bad”. Or something like that. Well, that’s really it. Bye everyone. 