It Gets Better.. story/letter from someone who attempted suicide and turned her life around..Hi, Reddit! 

I've been perusing through SW for a long time. My heart has been broken on numerous occasions thinking about all the pain and suffering that some of you have gone through. That we all go through, just enduring life and it's unexpected twists and turns.

I'd like to share with you the suicide letter that I wrote to my best friend and now husband, then I want to explain what happened after and how my life improved.

Dear (names omitted), 

I know that nothing that I'm about to say will matter at this point. I don't even understand the point of why people write letters like this. Perhaps to give their loved ones some closure. Perhaps to tell them that none of it was their fault. I don't know.

I've written this a million times in my head. Carefully trying to figure out what to say so that neither of you over analyze why I decided to take my own life. It doesn't really matter what I put down on this piece of paper, you both will undoubtedly still do it.

I want to say that I love you two. That through all my years of struggling with depression, anxiety, the loss of my parents... you both were the two things that kept me together. I know they say suicide is a selfish way to go. I agree, that it is. I'm doing this now because the pain and misery that I feel simply does not go away. It's unbearable to live with. I wish I could give you both a better explanation, only to say that [my husband].. you have been the greatest thing that I've ever had the opportunity of calling my own. I want you to find someone, one day, that will make you as happy as I did the day we met. 

I love you two. Please live your lives. 

Karen

It's funny when I look back on that note, because I can't believe how much I was trying to justify taking my own life. 

I put a .22 to my chest and pulled the trigger. I was lying in a pool of my own blood for 10 minutes before my husband came home and found me. One of the most vivid memories that I have are of him screaming, crying, telling him that I can't do this.. that he can't live without me.. that he wants me to open my eyes.

I woke up a week later. I had missed my heart by about a quarter of an inch. My husband, who is also a nurse, saved my life. 

The first conversation we had after it happened was one of the most amazing things that I've ever experienced. 

My husband told me that even though I may feel like my life was meaningless, that even though I had issues getting a job and that I saw myself as a financial burden.. he told me he'd rather live an entire life with me in a cardboard box eating out of canned foods.. so long as I got to be the one he took his last breath next to.

My recovery was a long, painful, and sometimes humiliating process. One month after I attempted suicide, I was cleared both physically and mentally to go home. 

On the way home, my husband informed me that he had sold all of our belongings and that we were going to go get lost for a few years. 

So, we began traveling. We have been all the way up in Canada, all the way down to Central America.. and all over our beautiful USA. We'd work odd jobs here and there when we needed money. We lived out of our suitcases, never bought anything luxurious, and just enjoyed our company together. 

We were gone for 4 years. Didn't even feel like it.. but it was one of the most amazing experiences of my entire life. 

When we finally decided that it was time to go home.. we got to start over. He opened a business, I went back to school for my Master's degree. We welcomed our first child in March of last year. We have a beautiful, wonderful, open and happy home. And it's because I got a chance to see how beautiful life really is. What mattered wasn't how much I had in my bank account, it wasn't how high my credit score was, it wasn't how much of a financial burden I was on others.. it was about who I got to weather the storm with. 

It's all about the people you let in to your life. That you allow to love you. 

Right before we left for our hiatus, I said to my husband.. "But we won't have anything.." His response was.. "Sure we will. We'll always have each other."

Please, potentials.. don't give up. I know we all carry around the weight of what's happened to us in our past. But the truth is.. the only people that can really take that weight off is us. 

Don't give up. There are so many wonderful things out there for all of you.