Happy birthday to me.So its my birthday today and I can't help but feel so so so isolated. A little backstory: I spent my last year with a lot of friends, and had a close knit group that hung out together a lot. I have always had an anxiety problem that got so much worse with my living situation and this year i moved into another room to deal with it. 

My friends cut me off and I was in limited contact with them. Within a few weeks they had replaced me with someone else and were back to their tight group of 6, posting pictures nearly daily of them hanging out, lunches, dinners, parties, concerts, all of them happy. I got more and more isolated and depressed, and my anxiety got worse. I made a few new friends but I couldn't really be much of a good friend so they were never that close. I had one close friend left that i could talk to and open up to and my boyfriend, who broke up with me a few weeks after i lost all my friends. A week later i was assaulted and i went to my old best friends to try and reach out to someone, and sobbing i tried to talk to her about it and she didn't care enough to look up from her computer and facebook. 

My only close friend left a week and a half ago - a close friend of hers and an acquaintance of mine commit suicide and she needed time off. I have nobody left. 

I tried to get closer to people in the groups i'm in and i've been trying for months, but I asked all of them to celebrate my birthday with me and nothing- nobody wanted to. i reached out to my old friends too and they didn't want to either. 

The worst part is that it feels like everyone has other people, they all look so happy and loved and I just feel so isolated all the time. I've tried really really hard to reach out to people, to make new friends, i've been in therapy and counseling and medication and i'm just tired of all of it. i'm ready to be done. I don't want to hurt anyone but i know now for sure that there isn't anyone who cares, its for the best. To anyone who read this &lt;3 i'm sorry to be a downer on your day and I hope you get all the happiness in the world.   