I feel like my reason for being suicidal isn't 'good enough'To get something straight, I'm not advocating suicide and I believe that there is never something that can happen in your life to justify it as a course of action, and I understand that my title may suggest otherwise.

What I mean is that I don't think anything particularly bad has happened in my life and on the surface, I should be happy, very happy in fact...but I'm not.

I come from a fairly average family, not rich by any stretch but not poor either, and I don't have much trouble finding work, although it tends to be part-time hours, rather than a steady job (I'm 18, by the way.)

Anyway, the reason for my feeling this way is that I'm lonely, horrendously lonely, I have plenty of friends and a family that are always there but I still feel alone. There's nobody that I can spend a lot of time with and I have very little chance of finding a girlfriend because of my looks, or lack thereof.

To complement this, I've completely ruined any (good) job prospects that I might have. I left college/high school where I was doing okay, studying law with a view to going to university, this is no longer an option. Due to health reasons I'm also unable to join the military, which has been my dream job since I was young, I'm now stuck moving between dead end jobs where I'll earn minimum wage, whereas since I was a kid I've been expected to aim high in terms of a career.

The way I see it, I have no reason to keep on living, it's hard to explain and I haven't done it properly, Anyway...thank you for reading this, I'm glad that somebody cares enough even to read my post, though it's likely to be my final one, I've finally decided that I want to die. The only thing that's been stopping me for the last year is that my family will be devastated, but that's starting to bother me less and less, I really want to die.
 
Anyway, rant over, and I apologise, I hope all of you that feel the same way can find something that helps you escape the darkness, regardless of what it is.