I thought I was jealous but I am just mediocre in life.I am 25 years old, studying to become an electrical engineer but I feel that I am useless waste of space.

I have had suicidal thoughts since 2014. I have been trying to be someone in life, doing something that would be useful for others and that would make myself happy but I think it is impossible. I see many people that are close to me being successful in life following their paths and achieving their goals and being happy but everytime I  do something that would make me mature I messed up and I am called a brat and a manchild and reflecting those statements they are right. I fail in simple tasks and responsabilities that a 25 year old man could do and I fail them with grace.

I am closer to graduate but I don't feel satisfaction and I see myself that I would be a mediocre worker and that I will not bring anything to the society because I fail as an adult. I am just matter floating around without purpose.

In early 2018 I decided that I wanted to die and I almost did. I was taking a lot of pills and drugs so I could die in my sleep but it didn't work. I tortured myself cutting myself with Knifes, Hitting myself with Belts and almost hanging myself with a belt.

My parents took me to a psychiatrist before that happened. She said that I was acting like that because I was spoiled and everything is given to me. I spend 10 days in rehabilitation and honestly I just said that I was feeling better just to get out of there because in the end I don't feel anyone understands me. 

Even one of my ideas was to raise a lot of money go to another country and just die of hunger and to be thrown into a common grave.

I try to seek a way to forget this with videogames and building legos but they weren't enough. The thoughts still exist.

But as I grow older I just don't see what I will be doing or even if I am going to be useful, more in my 30s or 40s.

More seeing my mother how she says that I am not mature and I behave like a 10 year old child and I feel that I am just giving her shame and dissapointment everytime I do stuff like that and she sees my 18 year old brother more mature with his life and she even stays happy for him in everything and his ideas and how he moves forward in his life, but me nothing like that and she is right if I put everything I have done in an objective matter.

Honestly i don't know what else to do. I don't feel better at all and the society would be better without me.

I was jealous of seeing success of others but in the end, I am the one who is mediocre and that has not achieved anything and just being given everything for granted. I am just an idiot and stupid. 

I want to stop living and just die already.