Hello, new here.Hiya.

Not a throwaway mainly because I have finally planned out a fixed date, place and means to go. (Not going to talk about those stuff). I'm also not naming anyone so .... And I'm I'm not posting here to seek help. I just wanted to vent a bit so I hope that's alright. 

I guess I really just want to air everything. 

I was from in polytechnic up to a few months ago. My classmates were not particularly ... welcoming. 

I hated orientation but I still went. Had to miss the second day of orientation  because of fever and the mentor had given out this slip that was to be handed to all our parents and naturally since I was absent, I'd figure that the class representative might share the information with me but no, he said I should just ask the mentor. And I asked the mentor, who said that she will pass me a copy of it later in the day. Then she said she did not have anymore copies and later that she didn't know the details even though she's the I/C for the meet the parents session. It seemed incredibly suspect to me then. 

So on that day, I was only informed of the session one hour before it actually started by the class rep who had previously refused to pass along any details and I'd suggest that one hour isn't enough time to qualify as giving notice, it most certainly isn't enough time for my parents to arrive. So I took that in stride, thinking it's just a bad start but well, it wasn't. 

The weeks that followed consisted of me sitting by myself during every single lecture and tutorial. Occasionally my classmates would sit close to me but that's mostly because they had some funny jokes they wanted to make about me. Group work sucked because, as someone very eloquently described on a forum, you feel like you're the bottom of the barrel, and you only have a group because the tutor insisted that some people take you in. It's this repeated rejection that causes a weird "arrow-through-the-heart" feeling every time someone says they didn't want me in their groups, be it for project or lab work. It's strange because I never experienced anything like it before. 

Since it's a chemistry course, it involved lab work. And in retrospect I would say that if you remove all they insults and passive aggressive gestures and the backstabbing then what I didn't really like was the lab sessions. Seating arrangement was such that two persons are informally grouped together based on where they sit, and there's always this sense of dread and disgust whenever my classmates see me in the lab before them. Occasionally they'd make comments describing how nice it would be if there were one less person in class and how they hated having to work with an ugly retarded freak. Before every lab session we'd have to put our bags into the locker but whoever sits with me would all ignore my request to place my bags into the locker. Then when the instructor comes around, they'd put on this elaborate show of helping me put my bags in. After the instructor walks away some of my lab mates would throw out my bag. And when the lab results don't align with the expected results, hoh hoh, it'd all be my fault. When we as a group did something good, it would always be seen as being accomplished in spite of my presence even though I might have contributed or even did most of it. 

I'd struggle to keep myself from crying in class everyday. Once I'm home I'd usually cry for a good bit before going on to homework.  I was perpetually ashamed and angry and upset. I'd try to gorge on homework and the news. But sometimes those two aren't enough. 

I can't buy alcohol because my parents deemed it evil mostly because dad used to drink so much he could barely walk home. And it brings with it a lot of unhappy memories so I ruled out getting wasted. 

I started writing suicide notes and planning my death instead. It's a lot harder than its been made out to be because I found all of the experiences I wanted to put to paper to be so very raw and everything I wrote seemed oddly resentful towards my classmates. I wanted to transcend anger before penning my final one so I kept trying to forget everything and convince myself my classmates were nice people. It had the opposite effect; I remembered a lot more of those incidences when I was in the process of forgetting them. It's like whack-a-mole. So much so I'd end up with severe diarrhea on the days I had lab  sessions. I started missing a lot of lessons because I grew so fearful of going into class everyday. I wasn't expelled because I had genuine symptoms. I guess they probably manifested from stress and anxiety rather than what was suggested to be the cause by my doctor. 

I tried the suicide line in my country, the helplines people suggested but in the end Id always be concerned about wasting the operators time. Every time I get asked if I wanted to kill myself, I wanted to say yes but I didn't want to alert anyone. I didn't want to put myself I a position where I wouldn't be able to off myself in the future. And after every call it would seem like I've accomplished nothing. Talking to people does not help in the slightest so I stopped calling. 

I did see a psychologist. And he helped with one of my habits of covering up my face whenever I leave the house. Nope, I'm not a Muslim lady. I'm an agnostic guy. I did and still continue to do that because my classmates said I was so grotesque that I needed to wear a facemask when I leave the house. Everyone, including the lab instructor, laughed along. My understanding of humor is that it derives from a certain truth -and in my case I accept that I'm hideous, that I scare people. And to be honest, I didn't want to scare people.  And I guess my main difficulty I ran into when I was seeing the psychologist was that I could not accept that I wasn't ugly. Every suggestion on building self esteem I rejected because it just felt like I'm deluding myself into thinking I'm not ugly. I wanted to have a few more friends but that will never realistically be possible. 

Yup I do have friends. 2 actually. The last time we conversed was about 10 months ago. That's mostly because I did not think they would want to speak with me, considering how many pleasant looking people they can talk with instead. And since people only do things for their own benefit, I don't think they can get anything out of talking with me so I thought I should really just let my acquaintance with them slowly fade away. My personal belief is that friendships all have to be mutually beneficial for it to last so who would want to befriend an ugly stupid retarded freak ? Logically, no one would. So I've given up on the notion that I might be able to make friends in the future. 

Now after the 3rd week my classmates gradually started to put on elaborate displays of "kindness" by pretending to help me when there's a teacher watching them even though I do not need any assistance. And many a times I had this temptation to just tell them to drop the act. But I went through with it myself, ie when asked if I liked my classmates I'd reply in the affirmative, when in fact the only reason I'm not saying anything negative is that it'd just be ridiculously troublesome and has no potential benefit. It takes a huge toll, pretending to like my tormentors everyday in class while silently taking their insults and mockery every day. 

And they have the nerve to ask for my answers to compared against theirs before submission of almost every piece of homework. 

One of the perpetrators is a self-proclaimed fan of a certain famous mega church pastor in my country and would always talk very loudly in class about how awesome that pastor is and I would always think very contemptuously that if she were to be an actual believer she might not have said and done all that she did. That belief was, unfortunately short lived because many of my other tormentors were believers of said faith as well. So I came to believe all believers and by virtue of association with them, everyone, would be an enemy. I came to distrust everyone. 

Now on to the teachers and lecturers and tutors and instructors and the director and the assistant director and the mentor. They follow this principle : our students couldn't possibly do anything wrong so there's no need to probe. Which is a polite way of saying screw you, we're solidly in your tormentors corner. My mentor, who has established herself to be a proficient two-faced liar suggested I seek an investigation and guess what, the school already decided on an outcome right from the onset. So she arranged a date for me to speak with the assistant director and the counsellor, who proclaimed herself a neutral party but sought to prove a partisan point right from the start by pressing my father to answer a pointedly irrelevant question to bait him into dismissing the entire investigation. When I tried to interject, she very curtly told to to keep quiet. Which is ridiculous. So I had a follow up with the director, who was a lot more conniving the he lets on. He kept repeating the point the it all happened way too far back to look into but hey look at Britain, they're probing decades old cases of child sex abuses. I mean its contingent on the school, yes, the school investigates its own people for wrong-doing and almost always nobody would be penalized, to investigate thoroughly. 

Well being in Singapore, everyone here is oddly differential to authority, so when the authority takes sides and you're not on the right one, well good luck to you. How was lessons ? Well they were mildly interesting. But my tutors and lecturers all ignore all the slights and bag removing the jibes. Which in my mind makes then all enablers. They could not have not known because sometimes they'd be right beside me when shit happens and they wouldn't do squat. So in short, my school is filled with liars and bully enablers. 

I went back and thought of things I might have said( nothing because I kept quiet most of the time) or done( nothing because I would keep my interactions with unpleasant people at a minimum) that might have set them off. I mean I apologized for things that aren't even my fault, seriously, I don't even see how I could have offended anyone. 

On r/Singapore it was suggested that I caused it , that I brought it upon myself in some way but I really can't see what I did to get what I got. Which is odd because I didn't really do anything. It feels like there's a certain desire on those peoples part to rush to defend my classmates actions. Maybe there is some truth about birds of the same feather flocking together, huh. "No,no it would always have to be your fault because no one could possibly decide to pick on someone at all" it's just an argument I cannot understand because if zimbardio's prison experiment is any indication, people are all inherently evil. That people actually need a reason to pick on someone is idealistic and unrealistic fantasy. And so I'm intrigued by their defense of my classmates, their justification of their actions. 

And let's for a second assume that I did do something, that I "started it" , I don't think they would need to, be compelled to reciprocate in kind. I didn't reciprocate when they continuously mocked me, threw my bag out of the locker, prevented me from marking my attendance to lectures. So I just don't get it. It's easy to shift culpability onto someone else and say "Oh well, boo hoo, it's your fault and you deserve it" but that is just an absolute rubbish excuse to justify my classmates actions. So r/Singapore's defense kind of feels shaky at best. 

Now on to my eyesight. It has always been quite bad, genetic condition so nothing I could do about it. It's gotten a lot worse mostly because when I cannot purge the thoughts with homework or news I'd gorge on iPhone and iPad games. It became my drug. It made me forget how my classmates would point at me and laugh, how they'd cut pieces of paper and throw them at me, how the openly ridiculed me every single day. It was comforting but unsustainable. 

What's the point of being alive anymore when things are never going to ever get better? I'm gonna still be grotesque, my eyesight is bound to get worse and I won't be able to have friends so I've concluded that I'm certain it would be to everyone's benefit for me to die. And death is an eventuality that none of us can escape from. Death is said to be the greatest equalizer so knowing that makes it pointless to get angry. I'm going to fade away just like everyone else. 


I don't want to be "helped" because "helping" always entails being told your "act of selfishness would cause others problems" which is beside the point because I'm concerned about my problems, not theirs and once I'm dead I would be able to be care.  "What about your family?" Well they will die too so I really don't understand what's the problem. It just seems like we're all born to die so I'm just not sure what's the point of being alive when the end point is still death. And seeking help from or telling your problems to religious people would result result in them trying to evangelize. I mean I appreciate the thought but I really don't see how "going to church would solve all your problems" and stuff of the like would be any bit helpful. So this concludes my first and probably last post here. 

I've read a lot of posts here although I haven't really gotten to commenting. But nonetheless, I wish you guys all the best. 

Goodbye. :) 

