A man in the bathroomThis is a bit long, but please read through if you don’t mind.

I live in Vancouver, last night I had a person speak to me inside one of the community centre bathrooms, now the idea of suicide can’t be shaken off my mind because of how real this man was when sharing a bit of his life to me.


Basically I just finished gymming, head out to do my usual, go to the bathroom, change, and dip, but when I went inside, there was a man, white greasy shirt, greasy hair, skinny, slouched, baggy jeans, and one distinguishable look that was obvious as to the life he was living: track marks (tiny red holes from excessive drug use through injection) plastered all over his face and some on his forearms, and missing teeth. This dude all around appeared sketchy as hell and I just wanted to get out of there cause it was 11:30pm and I was the only one in there with him. But then he asks me how I’m doing, so I just try my best to be polite and say I’m good, then ask him how he is.

“Just surviving”

He obviously meant what he said, but I didn’t care to stick around near him cause I had no idea who he was and he looked like bad news, but I guess I was about to find out who he was, even if I never asked.

Without me saying more he asks me along the lines of “You ever know how it feels to have no will to live, to not want to wake up?” I don’t say anything but keep my ears open as I wash my hands. He then proceeds to talk more. “Being homeless on the streets and losing all hope in humanity?” I felt like I heard this all the time from people who wanted to raise awareness on social media but never from a person so physical, so present right in front of me. This conversation was so unwarranted, but I kept listening. “Do you know how it feels to lose everything and not just the small shit, yknow what i’m saying man? Everything. Home, money, job, car, relationships?” “Can you imagine how that feels man? To hate being in your own skin?”

I didn’t really want to seem like I was being a POS by seemingly ignoring him, so I halfheartedly responded: “no, but it’s all about getting back up and waking up to keep going”. Probably not the best answer, but I wanted to say something just to break the awkward situation.

Then he asks me un-rhetorically if I could see myself waking up with nothing but a drug addiction and a government check to my name, so I provide him a slightly better answer: “It’s something I’m afraid of happening to me if anything goes wrong”. 

Then he asks for my age, so I tell him I’m 20 and he gives me sort of the lecture you’d hear from your dad as a teenager about never giving in to peer pressure and saying no to the guy who says one line wouldn’t hurt, but it felt different with this guy, as I sensed the compassion and genuine warning from this man who very much would not wish upon anyone else to experience whatever hellhole he’s walked through. He kept putting emphasis on not to do it, making sure I heard him loud and clear.

I forget, but he proceeds to sort of explain his life to me. From what he mentioned, he’s currently 36, has been homeless since he was 29, has been addicted to smoking crack and visibly using heroin, and only started using methadone recently to counter the withdrawal of heroin, which has only made his addiction a lot worse. Straight out of high school when he skipped classes and tried fuck all to learn anything, he saw himself wanting to become a drug dealer. “That’s what I wanted, to become a drug dealer”. But along the way, he developed and ego and saw himself as a kingpin, a hot shot kid who didn’t need to have respect or dignity for anybody, therefore treated strangers on the street like shit, his friends like shit, and his parents like shit, notably by stealing money from them for drugs. But somewhere there he got kicked out by his family, his drug habit from being a user while dealing got to him, and not a penny or relationship was saved so he was reduced to only knowing to repeat the same mistakes over and over again knowing more than ever each time that what he was doing was wasting away his life. All of a sudden he didn’t want to live anymore, had nothing, “hated being in his own skin, wanting to rip himself out of it and die somewhere in peace”. Now it occurred to me throughout this whole time, he didn’t even ask me for change or try to steal a single dime from me, so I knew at this point he just wanted someone to talk to and express anything he’s bottled up over the years. He then let me know that he wanted to break out of this cycle by hopefully cashing in his government cheque to get properly rehabilitated and knew it was his last chance to get his life back together.  He was really talking to me. He really trusted me  with his time, his words and his pain. But I guess when you lose everybody, a stranger wouldn’t be much. He was really speaking to me though. He wasn’t bullshitting, nor had a reason to. He really just wanted someone to listen, and it was me tonight. He then thanked me and shook my hand, introducing himself as Tim.

I didn’t really have anything to say after leaning against a wall the whole time making eye contact with this man and sensing his pain so much in his eyes that I wanted to tear up in front of this man I didn’t even know but felt as if I did. The one sentence I remember most from him was: “i’ve cried so much where my tears feel so heavy with the emotions i’ve carried in them”. He stared me dead in the eyes, leaning forward when he said it to me too. FUCK. It was brutal to hear for some reason from how he said it, the way his body language was, his voice, everything in that setting, all in a damn bathroom. 

Anyways, I didn’t have much to say for a guy who was propping himself up against a baby changing station for 15 minutes, but after shaking his hand, I was genuine with wishing him the best of luck and to keep fighting, to take care as I walked back out the bathroom door, but looking back at it, I felt like I could have done more, could have said more, perhaps could have contributed by inviting him to my church or even at least finding out where he hangs around so I could catch up with him and keep track of how he’s doing.  I don’t feel like I deserve to be suicidal and depressed after hearing how he’s lived and is still able to stand and speak to a well dressed man without being ashamed. If I was in his shoes, i’d never show my face and would have ended my life long ago. My struggles and endeavours feel like a fling in comparison to what little life he has to cling on to, and most important of all, it was real. This man was real. I didn’t dream of it. I never expected to resonate so much with a person who has been stuck in such a dark slump despite never being remotely close to it myself. But I can’t stop thinking about this man, it hurts to know that he’s hurting, that I couldn’t help him.. but one thing I did realize is that I made the right choice by lending an ear for him to talk to without being shooed away or ignored. 

But...do I have a right to be depressed? Did I have a right to think about taking my own life with what petty issues I’ve encountered? 

I’m sure there’s so much more I could have heard from you if I found out your whereabouts or if there was any way I could have helped you, but for the meantime, I hope you get your life back together, Tim.

