My last wordsThis the letter that should come as no surprise to anyone. If it is, then congratulations you never paid any attention to me or cared about me. Because if you knew me, cared about me, loved me, you would have seen this coming for months now. Its not a surprise, I needed help. I begged, I plead, I tried. If you dont know how hard i tried and think i made this decision lightly. you never knew me either. 

This isnt a decision, this isnt a choice. It isnt a point in my life i wanted to come to. But theres no help coming for me, just like it never came for my brother. The system it failed us. Maybe we just werent meant for world like this, too feel so much in a world that cares so little. 

Im sorry to my real friends and family this will hurt and im sorry i had to go, i was suffering too much, the unbearable pain of waking up everyday with no hope in sight, living the rest of my life never fitting in, never being understood, always being hated for being different. Only the real ones, those of you who used and abused me and taught me i had absolutely no worth in this world unless i was useful to you, i just wanna say fuck you. You fucking peices of fucking shit, learn from this. THE WAY YOU TREAT PEOPLE CAN END A LIFE. 

I dont do this just out of desperation, its been so long its no longer desperation, its logical, its rational and it makes prefect sense. I hold no value in this world, in the grand scheme i change nothing, i have no kids, no dependants, no world changing job, not one single thing i do contributes to society in anyway. I am only a burden. 

Now you all say its selfish to die, but its inhumane and selfish to force an animal to suffer for so long with no hope of it ever getting better. Ive always put everyone else and what they want first, thats why Ive fought so long without a reason. Why ive tried so hard to stay for all of you, I never wanted to cause the pain that im in to anyone else. But its time for me to stop fighting, the war is over, a side has been choosen.

I cant wait to see my little brother again, and all those ive lost. We are all in a better place now. A place where there is no suffering. No pain, no feelings of worthlessness or hopelessness. I will watch over all those whom I love dearly. If i cared about you in my life, just know i never stopped and I never will. For eternity.