Lost my health insuranceToday I went to the pharmacy to try and refill my medication. There I found out that apparently my representative payee neglected to tell me that I no longer have medicaid. And I have not been on social security long enough to be eligible for medicare. I therefore no longer have health insurance. I cannot afford Obamacare either.
This is bad. This is really bad. I have severe borderline personality disorder that has only gotten worse after a series of traumas over the last few years (naming those could possibly identify me to some people and I don't wish to). The only low-cost/charity care option for therapy in my area is a hospital that has psychiatrically abused me to the point I have flashbacks (think restraints and having medications I am really not supposed to take injected into me). The medication I take costs a lot out of pocket, even with generic forms, and it's not like I can afford to see a psychiatrist to keep prescribing it anyway. I make less than $12,000 a year and my treatment would cost way more than that without insurance, and I am already in significant medical debt from a psychiatric hospitalization last year that medicaid refused to pay for because the closest hospital was the abusive one and I refused to go back there.  
I am hysterical right now. To make matters worse my boyfriend has just broken up with me because of how hysterical I am right now. I don't think he understands the gravity of this situation, and he's unable to ever understand that I am GENUINELY SUICIDAL, not just trying to manipulate him as borderlines do. Please, no "then he wasn't good enough for you anyway," that will just sting because I have no family (disowned) and no one else.
I just can't see a light at the end of the tunnel here. I've been fighting for so long and so much horrible shit just keeps happening to me and it won't stop. I'm 25 and I haven't amounted to anything but a seriously mentally ill loser with no education, no job skills, and no friends.  
edit: my partner (i guess ex partner) is still ignoring me and i guess it's really over and i cannot handle this we have been together for 6 years and they fucking left me because i lost my health insurance and got upset