There is truly no reason to not do itEver since I first started serious ideations a few years back, I've drifted in and out of phases of intense, mind-altering phases of sadness (such that I was so sick and selfish that I can't stomach the mindspace I had), and more 'stagnant' periods of normalcy and calm where my sadness is a bit more null. 

Throughout these years, I've read hundreds, if not thousands of literature from older times to the now on the the act. I may not know fully, but I have an idea: of the moments of clarity and cognizance moments or seconds before the act that might be life-altering for some; of essays about life and regret and sometimes, intent to die of lovely people who have lied and their counterparts; of notes that we have to blanket in metaphor, or others that look more like justifications and sets of instructions from the departed; of strange stories like the Egg that weave religion and pride into some sort of attempt to share that to feel empathy for people and not be a piece of shit that you must think everyone is some form of yourself; to falling in love with music, film, and literature that I might see myself in–or maybe not at all–making me more aware of the nuances of life and the lessons that we've learned of human history; of psychology or the nulled feelings that the people who clean up after us must feel, to the profiteers off human suffering to the humans forced to stomach through thousands of these images day to day.

When any of these stories or literature point to the act of suicide, there really aren't any revelations. All the reasons to do so are in the same in some sense (how different can our suffering really be when we're all here?), and all the reasons to not are, too. The arguments and words for the latter are particularly terrible sometimes, whether they're infused with religion or not, or offer me numbers and hotlines or points of reflection to times when I was theoretically more happy or loved that may have happened or may still come.

I'm still ridiculously young, but I'm coming to understand that in the end of all things: there is no truly no reason to not do it. These are more naive thoughts: but everyone around me would have seen it coming anyway. Like in hundreds of these narratives, I also used to find it interesting to imagine what life would be like after I died, the aftereffects of it all, and I used to find pleasure in the thought that people would miss me and missed the chance to appreciate me–or in most other times, was heartbroken by the (maybe) visceral sadness for a while, but the later healing and perhaps even understanding that would come.  
Now, I'm not really interested in the afterdeath scenario. I know what is likely to happen, just as I know what's likely to happen if I continue on living: that the things that happen to us come in waves, that the world is truly unjust and what we make of it, that I am living in one of the most exciting yet fearful times and am endlessly grateful for at least being born on the side of privilege.

But in the end, there's no reason to not do it. This is not because I don't understand how the people around me feel, this is not because I don't feel particularly loved now or don't believe that I could find a support system in life if I needed one. But there's this crushing weight of the world and its systems, of how I've went offtrack in life and would much rather just give myself some form of peace for once–for the first time–after having tried to understand, see, experience, and also do a bit better for it.

And I've talked to so many people. And I've been open about this and so, so ridiculously empty beyond anything. I am not beyond salvation: I do not see a need to be saved, rescued, or talked out of it. This is just a constant feeling that lingers whether it's the best day of my life so far (you know, when things are suddenly so good they don't feel real, or when you're just happy and satisfied with what's been going on?) or when something not-so-good happens. And I know it's not entirely rational, and so are the words of the people trying to save or trying to justify their deaths from beyond: but is anything, at all?

Most people talk about bliss before the act. A sudden shift in mood. Or the anger and the doneness of complacency. Whatever I feel tonight is irrelevant. What matters only is the action.