Just need something to look forward toI've got nothing left. I've reached the point where it's not even a struggle to get out of bed in the morning. I'm just going through the motions like a robot. 

My narcissistic ex threw me out of the house two weeks before I went in for intensive surgery. I spent ten days after my surgery completely alone. Three days after the surgery, he made me come by to collect my belongings from the house. Most of them were extremely damaged.

He convinced me to sign up for a joint credit card eight months before we broke up. I didn't want it. He told me I'd be a signatory and I could get my name taken off at any time. Liar liar liar. I'm now stuck with a $15,000 debt, of which none is mine. He won't pay. The only thing I have is my good credit rating, and now that's gone. This debt is half of what I make in a year. 

The lawyer said to suck it up, get a second or third job. All it's going to take is me getting sick or my car needing repairs or something minor and I'll be ruined. 

I need to buy new sheets. I have to budget a month for $40 of bed linen already. How can I afford to pay this debt?

He was arrested for stealing $80,000 from his workplace. Any chance of getting this debt resolved will be gone in December when he goes to prison.

I was assaulted by strangers. They broke my face and ribs. Their trials are in March and April respectively. One of them lived near me and I filed for a restraining order. He wants to counter sue for vexatious and frivolous charges. Everyone says not stress as I have every reason to file a restraining order, but it's so hard to not take it seriously.

My whole life I've only ever wanted peace and security. My mother was a meth addict. My father was an alcoholic. My sister would put my hands in boiling water. I have built myself up so many times.

People tell me it will get better.

People tell me to take this as a learning experience.

My whole life I've been waiting for it to get better. My whole life has been a learning experience. 

I've always tried to be optimistic, but now I have nothing. I'm hollowed out. 

I was talking to a lawyer today, and it wasn't until the end of the appointment, when she told me to just suck it up and deal, that I realised my hand had been around my throat the entire time. I'm choking.

I've always found something very romantic about Friday the 13th. There's a lake by my house. I think I'll go to it.