Living in abusive household; running out of ideas.I'm a senior in high school, 17 years old. I'm failing two classes and have a D in one, the worst it's ever been - not that I care much about my grades though. I live with an emotionally (and physically as of recent) abusive narcissistic mother, and I can't fucking stand being around her. I could go on forever about her but I want to condense this so people actually read it.

It's always been hell at my house, believe me when I say that. I wake up to the sound of my parents screaming at each other often. Things escalated when almost a month ago, I refused to go to school because I didn't get enough sleep, so my mom attacked me while I was on the bed and my dad was conveniently in the shower, so he couldn't hear me screaming to call 911. She then spent the rest of that day bragging about how she left no marks and the police would never believe me because I'm a tall male. A few days later, I reported it to the counselors at my school, who in turn reported it to the government agency that handles child abuse.

Both of them did absolutely fucking nothing. The counselors at school just told me "focus on your work while you're at school, it's your future ;)" and fucked off. The agency sent over a social worker, who interviewed my parents and I, and then said they were going to "call on their decision tomorrow" about a month ago. Never got a call. Thanks, assholes. I'm probably going to develop trust issues from this.

Last weekend, I told a close friend at school about the situation at my house. He's 18, told his parents and they silently offered to have me stay over there. But, because I'm still legally a minor for 3 more months, I need my parents' consent. Guess what, my abusive mother won't allow it, and my father (who I like - he's on my side) is too scared to stand up for me.

I don't want to have to kill myself to escape this situation, but I will if necessary. It's my final resort that I don't want to go to. Regardless, I'm going to do SOMETHING. Something to give my parents a wake-up call. I have a plan for tonight.

Sorry for the wall of text!

EDIT: It's probably important I should add that I can't drive.