I am fighting a battle that I will lose. There is no hope.I feel like an entirely unlovable person, romantically or sexually. I feel like I am the only person like that. And I feel pathetic for feeling that way, like I belong on /r/niceguys. Truth is, I've met so many people recently that said I was ok for friends, but that they have no attraction to me. Tonight I was somewhere where it looked like everyone had someone that was into them, except me. I feel like the single most unlovable person in the world. I have been abandoned harshly and abruptly, without a chance to improve things, by every person I was involved with.

Tonight I realized something that terrifies me. There is a single reason I am still alive right now: I know that there are many people that care for me (as friends). And I know that if I'd die, all the pain I'm feeling would just be felt by them instead. And I care too much about them to put that burden on them. I am not alive for myself, but only for others.

I know that I am probably not the most unlovable person in the world. People in comments might tell me that I just have to wait and meet the right person. Perhaps that true. Probably soon things might be better for a bit. But it feels like it's only temporary. I will meet that person and they will suddenly abandon me. And I will meet many more people that seem to be into anyone, except me.

I don't remember any moment recently at which a week has gone by without me thinking "if do X right now, I would finally be relieved from all the pain that I've had my entire life".

I have fought this so hard for so long. For pretty much my entire life. I'm going to be OK for tonight. What I write above is just what I've been struggling with in the last few months. But there's been so much, in so many different ways. I'll spare you my whole life story, but I think it's inevitable that I will lose this battle. That one day the pain will be so overwhelming, that caring about others that will be hurt, will not be enough. There is just only so much a person can take. It might be next week, it might be in a few years. Nobody knows this much, because I'm terrified that they will run away like the others.

I just need the pain to stop. But I don't think it ever will. And at some point soon the desire to make it stop will be so overwhelming that it will trump everything else. Dying in some kind of accident has appealed to me for as long as I can remember. A lot less pain and especially guilt for people that care about me, while also making my pain stop.
With my history, I think it's a complete miracle that I'm even still alive today. But my hope that I can keep going like this much longer has run out.