At my wits endHello folks, I just need some reassurance, hell any reassurance because I just don't know what the fuck to do. This is going to be a long and occasionally incoherent post so be warned.

I turned 25 on Sunday and I have fuckall to show for it. I work a job (pack boxes in a warehouse) that pays around 5 dollars for a 4 hour shift and I'm back in school after dropping out 2 years ago. During those 2 years, I tried to run a business but ran it into the ground (I've learnt to take responsibility and have tried to move on), slept on streets despite working a 16 hour job (guard at a dodgy casino) and developed a heroin addiction.

I recently kicked the addiction and was generally feeling upbeat about things until my sister pointed it out that I am more or less a failure in life. Our mum passed on and left us some money and I was young and stupid with the money (business/heroin/partying) whereas my sister (she's 5 years older) didn't even touch it (she already had a proper job and such). 

On my birthday, she made it a point to mention it to me that I've got nothing to show for the time I spent living while other people my age have their own cars, houses and are independent whereas I'm essentially a bum. Now, I'm usually chilled but when she brought that up, it fucken cut me to the core. Like she made me feel worthless and such, that I'm wasting cash and it's been on my mind ever since which has left me disillusioned with life.

I mean fuck, I accept responsibility for fucking up in the past, but would it hurt to give someone a little support? She still treats me as if I'm still the same me from 2 years ago and that I'm not trying to make the best of my situation but the fact that she saw me in that light really got me thinking in a negative manner.

Make no mistake, I am trying my best by trying to motivate myself and keeping positive that things will get better, that I'll get stronger, and that I can continue but when she said all of that, it just killed me.

Am I working hard for nothing?
Was my effort to change all for nothing?