[Machine Translated]I have been increasingly risky. I think about suicide all the time.Posting from an anonymous account. Sorry for the choppy writing style. It is to remain anonymous. I used the machine translation to disguise my writing style.

I am writing this because I think about suicide all the time. I have no mental challenge at work, so I can think all through the work. And I do. The methods, timing, explanation, if any.

I do not commit outright suicide, not yet. I do not want to die. However, there are circumstances in which not want to live, either. They are coming.

I messed up in school. I've done before. My parents told me they were going to stop helping pay for my education if I messed up again. I'm going to an expensive school. I can not afford to continue without their help. They do not know yet my failure. I was going to kill me once I knew it was inevitable (by crashing my car into an overpass), but a couple of days before the ratings were given, I received a call from my friend. She was drunk, crying and contemplating suicide by overdose when she got home. She said that she cut, although I already knew. She told me she loved me. She told me there'd already killed herself if not for me. I tried to help, because that's what you do if you're a decent person. I did not know what to say, so I did not say much. Mostly I just listened as she spoke.

She did not commit suicide, but I talked with her all night. The next week was hard too. I put off my plans, because I knew that if she learned that she would too. And no one found out about my pending disaster in the meantime. The final grades came, and my parents never knew of my failure. I got a job and an apartment. For summer, I said. To make money, I said. I made sure it was a place that charges by the week, however. I did not want to stick with a lease used above all. In the end my friend calmed down. She has a boyfriend to lean on, and a lot of resolve crises have. I'm not taking midnight crying phone calls. And it is not my responsibility. I will not push her over the edge, at a particularly weak moment, but in the end I am not responsible for the happiness of another.

So I set aside my plans for a time to help a friend, and the world did not explode. So I'm fine for now. Things are good. In reality, things are bleak and I'm terrified, but at least they do not know, so things are good.

So I have not attempted suicide. I thought, but my car broke down, and have not followed other options.

But I have been risky. I have not jumped from the roof of a parking garage but got up on the edge and ran around. I crossed the railroad tracks (on foot) to about fifty feet in front of a train. Nor was it a suicide attempt, but not exactly tell anyone about such behavior, either. And I still plan to do once my parents see my qualifications. But I can wait until then. No rush.

And now I rant. About other things. This was quite concise. This ... will not be. Only neurosis, but I'm going to talk here because I'm on a roll of mind.

I have mortal fear of being falsely accused of rape. Or with any crime. However, especially rape.

You know that girl, the suicidal, from above? We used to date. One day our biggest fears confessed to each other. Mine was false imprisonment. A few days later we had a discussion. We had been struggling for days and she returned to angry for no reason (Indeed, it was because she was cheating on me, thought I knew, and thought I was ignoring. But I do not know anything about that at the time.) And threatened to break with me. I reacted calmly. I told her if that was what she wanted I could go now. She was furious. And she threatened to accuse me of rape. She apologized profusely since then, but I shook permanently. She told me later that was not serious, but at the moment ... she was. And I know that once committed to the lie, she would have seen me burn rather than confess her deception.

And I have been terrified ever since. False criminal charges and was my biggest fear. Seeing it get as close to reality has moved me. Since I was a little kid, I had always planned to kill myself if that happened. I just had to be exonerated by my action or something. That people would believe me if I showed I was willing to die in support of my claim. But now I know it's silly. Police would stop me. Even if I did, it had just been taken as evidence of a guilty conscience. And even if I had been found "not guilty" or the charges were dropped, I would be forever tainted. Once charged, I could never, * never * completely clear my name of the act. Some people always my accuser. They guess it was just another rapist (or a murderer, whatever) that he got off. And I refuse to live like that. I do not want to run the risk of living so. I do not believe in suicide to end the suffering. Kills himself while suffering and everything he's done is make sure he experience the suffering for the rest of his life.

But if they kill me before it happens, my whole existence has been free of it. I do not miss existed before I was born, and I will not miss existing after my death. All we can control or experience is the quality of life I have. Perhaps it means truncating before the really bad happens.

Then there is the fact that I'm superficial. I pretend that I'm not, but I can not fool myself. I want an attractive partner. But I'm not attractive. It is hypocritical to expect others to be attracted to ugly me when I am not attracted to other ugly people. I know that makes me a shitty person. But it is what it is. I want a partner as attractive as they can get my gallant friends. But the truth is not going to happen. I know it * could * happen. There are exceptions. But does not happen often and most likely not going to happen. Especially considering that, unlike the usual exceptions, I'm a neurotic mess, suicidal, not a success story with charm, but average-looking with the talent and ingenuity.

I thought about going elsewhere. I heard that the Asian guys in our school complain that Asian girls are able to add more attractive partners than they otherwise get, based on the preference for "alien" race. Perhaps there is a place where I could find a similar advantage. But this place does not seem to exist, and if I did, I lack the money to move there. Seeing others with what I'll never have hurts. Prefer not to most of my life was spent in this way. But it will be if I persist for decades more.

More than that is thought, but I will not bore you with more diatribe. It's what I think all day at work. Multiple reflections, totally divergent and sometimes contradictory leading to the same conclusion: either by accident or intention, my best bet would be to die sooner than later.

But in the abstract I am not suicidal.  I have read the literature. I have no specific method. My time is vague and conditional. I realized airbags can thwart my plan to drive. Do not want to end up just putting me in pain and disfigurement myself. This is America, so I can buy a gun, but I'm not allowed to have one in place to live and as I said, I'm terrified of the police. That said, I want to be sure that my method of work. If I tried and failed I can not be allowed to own a firearm. What is almost as bad as being falsely imprisoned. Being seen and treated like a criminal.

I'll never call a hotline. Barely made this post. Half the reason I did was that I hope the message Bot the moderators said was about to send a message. But this message is authentic.  I have been talking to myself in my head about this almost nonstop for weeks. I can not talk to anyone "real", so I wrote this mess. Make sure what you want. I'm not even sure there's an appropriate question here.
