Please tell me what to do, anyone. I'm begging. Please.Sorry for bad typing, I'm crying so hard I can't see good. 
I've had a bad life, diagnosed with depression anxiety at 11. I have a lot of health problems and mental problems I'm 21 now, I lost everything and all I had was my boyfriend and he was feeling suicidal so he checked himself into a beavhioral health center, and now I have no one. He made my schedule, he told me what to do, he put things and life in line for me and made it livable. He loves me and helps me everyday. But. Now he is gone for at least 3 days and I don't know what to do w it's muself. I literally can't explain it I just don't know what to do. My dad is sitting here who I live with calling some lady to have her kick me out in 24 hours for smoking pot. This al started a day before yesterday when we had a fight and my bf and I yelled at dad for drinking with his morphine with klonopin and telling him to shut up when he does that because he gets mean, argument escalated and he called the police saying we beat him up so bf and I just left. All yesterday and today when we went back home dad was threading to kick us out yelling at and bf and him. We're good friends before this and this hurt bf a lot so he checked himself into some where last night after going to the hospital  and the hospital got mad and had security make me leave because I freaked out and started crying and yelling and had an full out autistic meltdown tantrum swearing yelling crying now I'm alone at home and dad is here threading me and saying the lady is going to the court right now from dcf to get me evicted in 24 hours for smoking pot, then I won't have anywhere to go with my dog and my cats, the only thing. Have left.  I'm lazy, I don't have a job, I never finished high school, I do nothing at all ever. I'm a waste of space on this earth and make a burden for others everywhere I go and everything I do I screw up.  I'm having so many thoughts of ways to kill myself I have my medicinebucket next to me I have rope in the shed my dads car goes fast and the only thing that's stopping me is  m afraid of pain and my bf being sad and alone but that fear is going away because I took a little bit extra of my anxiety meds to help me calm down but it isn't helping if anything it's making me more calm with the thought of dying.  And if I die right now he's in the right place to get treatment for depression mourning suicide ect.
I want to be with him I want to be with my only support my bf but I can't.
I don't know if I'll keep getting more content with the thought of dying today. I just hate everything, I can't even put it into words what's going through my head or what i wanttodo. 
Please tell me what to do an help me