Saw my psychiatrist and went for cat therapy on 12 June 2018 Previously, my counselor had recommended me to try out SG Enable to find a job. She printed a piece of paper containing information about SG Enable. I went to SG Enable and found out that I needed a medical report from my psychiatrist before SG Enable could accept me.

   
  Today, I was here to talk to my psychiatrist about this issue, who was from the Adult Neurodevelopmental Service (ANDS) department of Institute of Mental Health (IMH) Singapore. 

  
  I went to IMH with my mother. I couldn't be independent yet. This was because I didn't have a job yet, and I felt inferior about it. I didn't want people to know that I needed financial help from my mother to pay for my consultation with the psychiatrist. One day, I hoped I would no longer need my mother's financial aid to pay for my consultation with the psychiatrist — I hope I could work and use my own savings to help pay for my consultation with the psychiatrist and my future expenses. 

  
  I had successfully tried to shut down my earphones temporarily in IMH — I didn't need the continuous loud noise generated by my earphones to feel safe. This was a good sign, as I was no longer that afraid of strangers :) I still needed my dark glasses though to hide my eyes from strangers — I needed my dark glasses so that when I peeped at the strangers to see if they were scrutinizing me, they would not notice it. Most of the time, strangers didn't even look at me, so I felt safe wearing my dark glasses when I was outside whereby there would be strangers around. 

  
  I was waiting for my consultation with my psychiatrist. When it was time, I went in to the doctor's consultation room and the psychiatrist politely asked my mother to go out instead of staying together with me during the consultation. 

  
  I was able to see the psychiatrist alone. I was better in communicating with people now. I no longer needed my mother around to remind me about the important things I must tell to my psychiatrist. I could do it myself. That was a good sign :) 

  
  I asked him whether he could wrote a medical report stating that I was fit to go to SG Enable to find a job. This psychiatrist was not the one in charge of my case. It was another psychiatrist who was in charge of my case. I was seeing this psychiatrist instead of my usual psychiatrist because my case manager from IMH knew that I needed an earlier appointment with a psychiatrist. My psychiatrist\-in\-charge could only see me a month from now. Currently, this psychiatrist was able to see me at an earlier date (which was today), but my psychiatrist\-in\-charge was not able to do that. 

  
  After the consultation, I drove my mother home. I was going for cat therapy later. I would be going to a peer's house for cat therapy — a peer was someone who had mental illnesses like me joining the same support group organized by my mentor. 

  
  I took off my dark glasses and earphones. Previously, another psychiatrist told me it was not appropriate to wear dark glasses and earphones when I was going to talk to a person. I remembered that advice. 

  
  After taking off my dark glasses and earphones, my fear of people came again. Luckily, only a few people had come for the cat therapy. 

  
  Everything was going well. I could control my thoughts, emotions and my behavior. That was a good sign :) I was not defensive/aggressive during cat therapy. 

  
  I drove to Orchard Road in Singapore after the cat therapy. This was my favorite thing to do whenever I was free. 

  
  I drove home afterwards and took a bath. I needed to eat late night supper before I could sleep. It was my routine. If I did not do this, I would not be able to sleep at all — I would have developed some psychological problems if I did not eat late night supper. I still needed my mother to help me take the supper from the delivery man. I didn't want people to know that I needed my mother's financial help. One day, I hoped I would be able to work and I could have the money to pay for my supper, consultation with my psychiatrist in IMH and my own future expenses. 

  
  I would like to say thank you to everyone who had read my blog post. I hoped sincerely that you all would have a nice day ahead. Good bye :) 