Feeling traumatized after EMDRTLDR; had my first in person session with a new therapist who immediately launched into EMDR with me over my most visceral childhood trauma memory. Wondering if it’s normal to start such intense work with a stranger. Feeling incredibly suicidal (tried to post in r/EMDR but it would not allow me to). 

I had my first EMDR session today and I feel like I have been traumatized all over again. 

First of all, this therapist is brand new to me. I have had one prior appointment with her via FaceTime (on Friday). I really liked her on the phone, gave her some of my back story, she told me EMDR could help process some childhood trauma and I was very excited to meet her in person today. 

When I walked into the office, she asked me if I liked a poster she’d bought. I told her yes. She asked how my day was, I said fine. Then she asked if I was ready to start EMDR. I said sure, I have no idea what the process looks like and assumed she knew best. 

She went through a few things first, find a safe place, body scan, identify safe people and one protector. Then, she asked me to recall my most vivid childhood trauma memory. She had me walk myself through it in my own head while tapping, told me what a good job I was doing, and reminded me to breathe throughout. Second body scan. Then go back to the memory with your safe people. 

I completely dissociated. I realized at one point my eyes were open but I couldn’t see anything. I could hear her but had no idea where I was. She told me to stop tapping and I completely lost my shit. She gave me about two minutes to calm down then went right back to trying to process through how I would save the child, how would I rescue her, what would my safe people say if they walked in? 

I would never want anyone to walk in. Those memories are my dark hole. I’d never wish that stuff on anyone else. 

She led me through the wrap up stuff and remarked on how “anxious” I looked. No shit Karen. 

I literally feel a thousand times worse than I did before I started. I know trauma work is difficult, but I’m wondering if anyone else has experienced a therapist deciding to use EMDR on their first or second appointment? I don’t feel I have the coping skills to process what happened today. 

Any insight is so appreciated.