To my best friend -I wrote this with the intention of sending it. Maybe I will one day. I just needed to get this out.

-

Dear McKenzie,

Let's get one thing cleared up right here. This isn't a beg, or a plead, or some attempt to get you to pity me. The goal is not to manipulate you, or twist your arm to get you to change your mind. This is a goodbye note, to you, and to the world.

I'm going to jump soon after I hit send, so don't bother responding. I wanted to hear your voice one last time before I go, but I think we're both aware that I'll never be graced with such again.

This is not your fault, McKenzie. This is the culmination of two decades of struggles, misery, and an inability to connect with the world around me. For such a length of breath and brevity I've been given, I've only been able to interact with other people for mere moments at a time. I can't keep living like that, dancing from one person to the next, pretending I know what it means to love and be loved.

Over this past month, your opinion of me has likely dropped dramatically. I don't blame you. I was never a good person, after all. Beneath all the attempted kindness and love of pink, I'm just a scared little kid crying out for attention. No amount of drugs or therapy will ever fix what I am.

So I'm done. I'm done running from my inevitable end. All I wish for you to take away from this is that none of this could have been avoided. If I hadn't made you hate me a month ago, it would have happened eventually regardless. It's what I do.

I love you, McKenzie. From the moment you sent me the first message between us, I knew you were special. That's why I fought so hard to meet you, to spend time with you, to know you and love you. I guess I tricked myself into believing that through you, I could be more than what I am now. But that's not true, is it? I can't live vicariously through your successes like some pitiful parasite. It isn't fair to you for me to even try. It isn't fair to you for me to continue surviving, limping from one crisis to the next. It isn't fair to myself, either.

You're going to accomplish so many amazing things. I wish I could have been part of your life long enough to see more of them, but now it's time to go. I love you more than anyone I've ever met, and I'm so grateful for the time we spent together.

Goodbye, McKenzie. May you stay ever the course onward and upward.

Love, Sean