I freaked out again and now my heart wants me to end it allI just recently had an argument with my partner. It only ended because he wanted to sleep.

I freaked out because we had to reschedule meeting up today, but after I found out he hung out with someone else (a mutual friend), I felt jealous and lied to. I ended up telling him in an irrational voice how much I felt like I was ditched. He tried explaining things to me but I didn't listen. Instead I felt like he was invalidating me so we kept arguing. He asked for a time out when he felt like it was getting way too intense. 

When we started talking again hours later, it was supposed to discuss what happened. I tried explaining again in a slightly less emotional tone and I still felt really upset that he didn't get me. Please don't demonise him because I thought what he said was reasonable and I knew I did freak out.

But then it escalated it further because I was expressing how much I felt exhausted by me escalating things and making arguments extremely emotionally intense than they should be. I then suggested, but not outright say it, that perhaps we should break up because it was obvious that I was causing way too much stress for both of us. He then said he wanted to sleep because he was feeling sick from all the stress and that he'd talk to me tomorrow night.

Frankly, I'm scared that he'd agree with me and thus end the relationship. I recently dropped out of university due to my poor mental health, I have an unstable job, I have lost my whole sense self given that I feel like university drained my whole lif out of me. Right now I feel like he's all I have and I just pushed him away. He'd keep me sane and give me the strength to work on myself, but now I feel like I just pushed my source of strength away. I'm going through therapy, but I'm obviously still unstable. 

Now I feel like everything's about to end and every part of my being except the part that controls my physical actions wants me to just skip the pain and just kill myself already. I've been a mess for a long time now after all, and maybe this is my sign. I could call the local suicide hotline right now but I don't want to make a scene. I feel like a burden enough already. Frankly, I just want someone to talk to. I'm hoping that after I have a shower that I'd calm down and feel better. But yeah, I fucked up.