Would Like To Share This To Anyone Who Will Read ItFor anyone who is depressed or thinking about killing themselves, please don't. I am working my way out of a similar situation.

Just talk to someone, anyone. I understand talking to your friends and family about something like this is difficult but there are lots of other people who will listen. Talk to your doctor, everything you tell him/her is confidential. Talk to a mental health line, they are trained to deal with people who are feeling like that. Or the people here, there are tons of people here who will offer their time to talk to you. I went to my doctor who is a cool guy, I was ready to talk to him but when I got in he handed me over to a med student so I was really reluctant and nervous talking to this person I've never met before. But once I started we just kept talking, and it got personal. I've told her things that I haven't told anyone else in the world. It got really emotional and we both got teary-eyed but in the end I felt a whole lot better. So please just talk to someone.

Also when my doctor can in she filled him in on what was happening and this is what he said

He said that one of the most common things people do to people with depression is just tell them to cheer up. But you can't just cheer up, depression isn't in your imagination it is in your brain. If someone had a skiing accident and broke their leg you couldn't just tell them to walk on it. They would need to go to the doctor and get a cast, it will take time for that leg to heal before they can walk on it again. That's what we do with depression, we fix it but it will take some time. Michael J. Fox has parkinson's which happens when dopamine levels are low in the brain and it effects motor skills. He can't hold a pen still like you and I can. No one would tell Michael J. Fox 'Hey, cut it out, people are looking' because they know he has parkinson's and they know what that is. Depression is similar in that your sarotonin levels in the brain are low which effect your mood, we can use medication to bring those levels back up to where they need to be so that you can enjoy the things you like to do.

So please, you are not crazy, just go to the doctor and tell them what is going on. You will feel better, trust me.

Also, so many people care about you whether or not you have a good relationship with the people directly around you. Your aunts and uncles, cousins and nephews. You may only see them once a year but they care for you. Your neighbours, your coworkers. The guy that serves your coffee every tuesday morning. All of us here. We all care for you and don't want to see you get hurt.