Would like to talk about how it felt when I was ready to die. (My suicide attempt) Just want to share.Last week I tried to kill myself. Things have changed a bit and I've had some time to think about it. I also started medication so I can think about this quite calmly.

My family had left for a trip in the capital. I didn't want to go and was left to watch the house. I had already thought about killing myself for some time and decided to do it that night. I had have a lot of pain pills on my desk the whole day. I was just waiting for the night and do it then. I was ready to do it. 
I decided to go once more to the youth center that I sometimes go to. The walk there was something else. Nothing mattered, i didn't have hurry anywhere. I walked as slowly as I felt, looking at the ground. It was as if time had stopped. Now that I think about it, it felt more like the walk to the execution. The green mile.
Well, I arrived to the youth center. I was feeling shitty as always and just sat there, on the couch for an hour. Nothing really happened. Was super gloomy. No one really noticed. Maybe deep in my heart I wanted someone to ask. 
Well, I left home. Walking back home was kind of normal. I didn't feel that different from my normal gloomy self. 
Arrived home. Started to drink. I drank about three beers before I took the pain pills. Was thinking about taking my moms relaxing pills (don't know what they are called), but was too scared to take them. Maybe I thought I was an overkill and just wanted to see if I died or not. This was kind of my first attempt so maybe I wanted to live but still wanted to die so I wanted to gamble a little. 
After taking the pain pills, I started to drank some more. Right after taking the pills, I was so relaxed. Like I was feeling that it's finally over. Almost an euphoria.
I still wanted to talk to someone before dying so I called the crisis line/suicide hotline. I told them how I felt, cried. Called a couple lines that night. On the last line I told them that I had took some pills. Maybe at this time I was curious and wanted to know if anything would actually happen. The hotline suggested that I called a pre-ER phone for some medical knowledge. So I did. They told me that, that amount of pain meds would kill me. I broke down after that. After all that anticipation, me accepting that I was going to die, going to the youth center, just to hear that I was going to make it. I was so devastated and ashamed to hear it. I just broke down to the floor crying. About how ashamed and embarrassed I was.
One led to another and I got a call from the emergency department (the pre-ER took down my social security number), they told me that they would send an ambulance. 

Oh well, I was held in the hospital until the morning and lied my way to not going into the psych ward. (Didn't mention suicide, wanting to harm myself and that I wouldn't do it again. I also had an appointment for a psychologist the next Monday so I got to go home.) But I was full of shame the entire time there. That if it nothing would have happened anyways then why am I here. 

Sorry for the novel.