I have no clue what I'm doing anymore.I don't even really know where to start.

I'm a college student towards the end of my undergrad, at a pretty decently sized school.

I made a big fucking mistake, and I guess I'm just now coming to terms with it.

I went to a school far away from home (6+ hours) and, when making the decision, thought it was brilliant. Having had a really, really rough time in high school, I figured going far and starting new was what I needed. I never really had too much trouble making friends, but having gone through a rather radical physical change (I'm a transgendered individual) towards the end of high school, I lost many friends and fell into a deep pit of depression. Thinking that all I needed was to start over fresh with my new identity, I chose a school that was relatively large and far enough where I knew no one else from my high school went.

The first semester went extremely well. I made a few friends rather quickly and experienced so much. Kept my grades up and went to a few parties and had a blast. Overall my first year was pretty good, but that was about the best thing...until sophomore year. I moved into a house with 3 others from my dorm, and while initially it was an awesome decision, it began to wear on me.

The pros were that I had my own room and bedroom, and the house itself was actually pretty big. Two of my roommates were extremely good friends of mine.

The cons... I'm off campus. As a result, I stopped going out, doing campus activities, and instead chose to hole myself in my room. I got into the habit of smoking weed, and constantly did it. Went to class half the time, the other half I slept or stared at my ceiling. The worst part was, I thought atleast I had my roommates, but that didn't work out the way I intended, either. The third roommate moved out and we got a random, and the two that were my friends are hardly more than acquaintances at this point. I feel isolated in my own home. 

This isn't me. This isn't what I had wanted from this experience. I know they tell you that you have to focus on college academics, but I'll be the first to tell you it's definitely more than that. And I'm severely lacking. Yesterday I had a completely out of the blue breakdown, because I got my head around the fact that I made really stupid decisions that I could have prevented. I have no social life. I have no friends. I am almost done with college, and any time I try and ask for help on how to manage this I get told "oh, so sorry this is happening to you" and nothing more. My academics are sub-par. I don't do any kind of extracurricular, and often I spend DAYS in my room aside from going to classes.

It dawned on me that maybe I should have stayed home, where all of my best friends are going to school, and I should have nurtured those relationships. Maybe it would have been easier to stay home in a culture I'm used to, which would have helped to make friends easier. Maybe I should have kept up with my athletics, because I knew that there were people there that would have understood. I now feel that I've made such a huge mistake... and I can't go back and fix it. I'm literally at my wits end because I feel like I lost myself, and not necessarily because of transitioning, but because I've completely isolated myself to the point where I feel like there's no fixing it. And I just want to give up. I'm so sick of being alone and I'm done feeling like a miserable lump. I want things to go back to what they were and, being realistic, knowing that they won't. 

I'm so sorry. This is so much to read. Thank you, for those of you who do end up reading this. 