I’m 17 years old, and I’m a useless parasite. (Prepare for a life story.)It’s been a year since I graduated from the Mountaineer Challenge Academy. I’ve gotten my diploma early, CPR Certification, Food Handlers Card, Hunter’s Safety Card, and a bunch of other cards my dumbass is never gonna use for anything useful. Originally, I was going to join the National Guard when I turned 18 to get through college, since I was too idiotic and lazy to apply or work for a scholarship. But now, after spending six months working in a McDonald’s for just some spending money, I’m not sure if I’m cut out for it. And to be honest, I not even sure if I can handle living. I’m not sure that I ever could. I’ve always known it. My Mom has been through hell just to get me to do my schoolwork at all when I was in school. I was always a lazy piece of shit. I have anxiety attacks just from the mention of even the slightest bit of responsibility. I abandoned my friends because I was too lazy to look them up on Facebook. I haven’t had a single relationship with another girl in my entire life. And now I’m watching as everybody is on their way to success, I’m left flipping burgers and wondering whether or not I should just off myself before I’m a 40 year old virgin. I don’t see any hope. And I bet you don’t either. I bet you think I’m a piece of shit too. You fucking hate me don’t you?
I sound like your typical 4chan incel don’t I? Maybe your right. 

My mom always said that she would love me no matter what. That she’s always proud. Why? I’ve done nothing. I’m a complete coward. I’ve lied to your face many times over? How can you still look at me with that smile? How do you not feel disgust in every cell of your body when you look at me? Is it because your alone. You would say I’m the only person you can really talk to about things. Why me? Why does it have to be your piece of shit deadbeat son? Why do let me hurt you? 

Dad sees greatness in me. You don’t. When mom made it her mission to turn me against you after the divorce, I stopped telling you that the other kids hated me. That I rarely ever did my work. That I made a promise to kill myself when I turned 18. You live in the basement of your 78 year old grandfathers house and you think you have any authority on greatness? What do you see old man? I want to know. Maybe if you do then I might have some hope for the future.

I’m done. I’m done with it all. Everything. My worthless existence. This useless underdeveloped mind. The fear. The anxiety. The angst. I’m sick of being a parasite but I can’t change the direction I’m going in. There’s nothing I can do. I hate myself. Socially Retarded piece of shit. Brainless moron. Ugly, washed up trash. Inconsiderate, Unempathetic, Cowardly filth. You don’t have the energy, the brains, or the resolve to change now. You can’t. 

Mom and Dad, I’m sorry for being weak. I’m sorry for not being anything. I’m sorry for disappointing you.

Please, Forgive me.

Someone, anyone. If you see this. 

For the love of God,

*Help Me*


