Help, please.I'm not sure how to do this, I'm in no means part of this community (though I suppose you wouldn't wish that on anyone) So I kinda wanna talk but hope none of my friends or family finds this.  


My mother is in the middle of a horrible divorce from my stepdad (he has been in my life since I was 1,5 years old), my  biological dad is an alcoholic, I've had to break of contact with one of my grandfathers as he is literally losing his mind, believing he is psychic and all kinds of crazy conspiracies (like no joke, chem trails, alien mind control, robots controlled by said aliens running the government and running a sex trafficking thing), my other gramps is dieing of Cancer (he recently chose his grave, he probably won't last tonight), My grandmother has Alzheimers and can no longer remember who I am, one of my little halfbrothers ( 17 YO) is doing drugs (XTC, Weed and lots of other janky shit) because he is having a hard time dealing with the abuse and the divorce (my steph dad, his own father is blaming him for the divorce) and my aunt and uncle are having a divorce now as well. My girlfriend recently broke up with me but we're still living in the same house, neither of us has anywhere else to go and my financial situation is pretty bad as I am currently on benefits (officially my depression is technically preventing me from working any job, the bad news is that the money the government pays me for this is 70% of what I used to make, which was minimum wage, so less than a €1000 a month.   
We also have a cat together, which is one of the very few reasons I'm still alive right now, but my ex doesn't want to keep her (I do, as she helped me a lot, but having a pet isn't making it easier to find a place to live.)   
I have dealt with depression in the past (spent 10 weeks in a clinic dealing with this sorta thing when I was 16, I am 22 years old currently) but this time I feel very powerless. I don't know how to move away from my ex. This seems to be her perfect relationship (she's wanted and open relationship for a while) I still cook for her, do everything in the house etc. but she is breaking me apart in many ways (she doesn't mean to she is lovely, but it hasn't been easy either way)   
I used working out in the gym as a coping mechanism for a while (as both gaming addiction and alcoholism are serious weaknesses for me and I wanted to do better) but after a relatively harsh week, I wanted to deal with it by working out more and I tore my intervertebral muscle (like between my lower two ribs). I walked around with that for about a weak, thinking I simply overused the muscle or whatever, unfortunately this was not the case... I sleep terribly because of the pain and can't even vacuum the house, but my ex seems to want to (obviously, who can blame her) avoid me, so she can't help either. She has been at a fuckbudy's (my replacement) place the past few days, but this means I'm basically living in a landfill as I can't do anything. Worst thing (as far as I'm concerned) I can't even clean our cat's litterbox, as it is too heavy for me to lift out of it's corner meaning that the poor thing is not getting proper care eather....

So my entire family is either falling apart or ripping each other apart. And most of the friends I have and can count on live (relatively) far away. My ex (who I unfortunately still live with.) wants freedom for herself.  
I've attempted to commit suicide before, tried to jump in frond of a train at age 16 when a friend literally pushed me out of the way. But right now,  6 years later, I'm having a hard time not taking a shitload of paracetamol down with a glass of whiskey and hoping it will all be over soon.... I don't want to be a nuisance to anyone, I'm already seeing a Psych once a week but tonight seems make or break