On the brink of ending it all right now...Obviously a throwaway It all started back when I was in middle school. I had a severe attack of depression and started to self harm myself. I was caught and sent to a mental hospital for a two years. that really changed me. Everything went well after that episode. I was happy through High School, ha some ups and downs but nothin too major. Graduation comes and I'm feeling great, like I know exactly what I want to do. Graduate with honors and top of the class. Now the tough decision of what I wanted to do in college. I had everything all oicked out, already enliste in classes and all. First two weeks were going great. Then something happened. I honestly don't know what happened. Nothin traumatic or anything like that happened. I just started to get extremely depressed, stopped going to class, lost my job. Started tutting in my parents basement. Just being an overall recluse. Fast forward a couple years to 2011. I had been feeling better. Got a nice paying job, things started to look brighter. Work ends around October 2011. Decide I would take a break from working a strenuous shift beg thrown back and forth from night to say shift and really screwing up my internal clock work. Christmas time. We opened presents early because we were going to be traveling on the 25th. Didn't open my presents, threw some of them away. I am never in a great mood during Christmas always depressed for some reason. In a state(don't want to say in the chance someone might know who I am.) visiting relatives with the family. Staying at relatives. Always shyed away from everyone state in the bedroom sleeping and playing on my phone. Rarely ate. Didn't talk to anyone, had multiple fights with my parents. Just an overall shitty time. Just wanted to kill myself towards the end and just end it all, or purchase run away the day before departing. Didn't do that. Get back home, shitty shitty depressed mood. Parents think I am going to kill myself( honestly I was thinking about it but never confessed) got me some help and some medication. Things were good for awhile. My birthday. 2012. Two days before my birthday I drove off into the wilderness and slept in the car for three nights. Didn't want anything to do with my family. Threw all the presents away when I got home. Feeling bad. Depressed and of course really shitty. Want to end it all. A month later things started looking better. Decided on a proffession I wanted to per sue, found a great school. Visited an then came back home. Got really depressed again. Threw all the paperwork out had multiple fights with parents. Got so angry one day I was ready to just wail on my parents, like just beat them bloody. I just wanted to kill them violently. Despite seeing red and literally within an inch of killing my parents on the spot I managed to remove myself and took of driving to calm myself. That worked and came back home and just hid in my room For the next few days. Refused to take my medication stayin up really late barely sleeping, not doing anything to help around the house. Just playing computer and thinking violent thoughts. A month later I met a nice young women on a dating site, got to talking and all and decide to ask her out. Feeling really good and confident about myself I pledged to turn my life around. Next day she basically tells me to fuck off and not talk to her. I'm just shattered. I open my drawer I grab my handgun, load it, put it my mouth, crying histerically I just blackout. Wake up dot remember anything I see the loaded gun and I am disgusted with myself. I go for a long drive to calm myself. Last week. Have big fights with parents seeing red mor then once. They limit the Internet and power in my room. Really pissed off at this. Break multiple routers and do everything I can to block them etc... Fast forward a few days to this/last weekend. I'm not doing good reddit. I am currently and sitting here with my loaded gun. Just wanting to end it all. I just want to make it quick and painless. Dot have feelings for anyone or anything in the world. I don't care about the people I will hurt.
I have no friends. I am very alone. I have a terrible anxiety and depression disorder. I have ADD and a few other things.
I want to end things. I hate my life. I'm fat, ugly, feel worthless. Feel like shit. I have done bad things that I am not ready to mention. I feel sick to my stomach when I see how my life has played out so far. I try and open up to people I try and meet new people and make new friends. I just can't seem to do it. People just ignore me. I have tried a dating site, I have poured my heart out into really intricate messages just to be dismissed as some fat gross person. I am just giving up reddit. I don't see any way out of this mess. I hate my life I hate everything.
I know I say I want to just end it. But reddit please! This is a cry for help I don't know what to do anymore. I'm scared I'm sad I'm a whole mixture of things right now.
I honestly don't know if I will make it until morning I'm trying to hold it back it's really hard though. All I have to do is squeeze the trigger, and all my problems will wash away.
I honestly don't k ow if I can get help. I will try my best to answer anything I am honestly not thinking right. I just don't know what to do.