My psychiatrist refused to listen. Im out of hope.This is going to be a lot. But the backstory is important.

I'm 25 years old. I've struggled with depression and anxiety and a poor immune system my whole life. I was abused as a child and violently bullied out of school for being gay. I dropped out of school when I was 18 to look after my father and also because I just couldn't take it anymore.

When I was 20 I failed out of college because I missed too many days by being in the ER. My mother took out a $40,000 loan for classes I didn't even go to. I even took out a $12,000 loan to try and make it work. 
At 22 I tried to go back, but someone who was like a little brother to me died and I just fell apart. 

I live with my mother and my ex, who's one of my closest friends and money has always been ridiculously tight. At the end of July I got on food stamps. They gave me 3 months to get a job otherwise I wouldn't get them again for 3 years. 

Last month I got fired from a job because they had too many people and the store wasn't making enough money.

I got a letter in the mail saying my food stamps would be cut off on the 30th.

Two weeks ago I got hired for a sales job I had when I was 19, but it was too stressful and nobody was buying, and it made everything so much worse. I was having emotional breakdowns almost everyday. And to top it all off- I called social services and I'd need to have worked for a month. The food stamps were going anyways.

My ex begged me to quit. So I did.

Today I went to see my psychiatrist. I hadn't seen her since january. Last october she prescribed me some medicine that worked great for a while but it put me on the emergency room twice because the side-effects were so bad. When I called her and told her I needed to stop taking it, she fussed at me on the phone and insisted it wasn't the medicine. So I took it again and the side-effects started back up; hence the second visit.

My ex begged me not to go back to her. And the medicine and the appointments were so expensive, I couldn't even if I wanted to.

Fast-forward to this morning. 

I go to see her because I'm desperate. I've called the suicide hotline twice. I've looked up painless ways to die almost everyday. I've cried until my eyes hurt for days. I can't sleep through the night. I feel nauseous when I eat sometimes. I can't hold down a job, I can't go back school because "academic probation" is permanent and my advisor says I have to pay out of pocket now.

I go to see her and immediately she's rude to me. She says "I know money is hard for you, but I've given you samples of very expensive medications, medications that I could've give to people who're ACTUALLY going to keep appointments. I can't work for free."
[Note: The medicine was $900. I have to ration my food.]
I tell her I know she's upset, and I'm sorry, and I try to explain to her that I've been in and out of the doctors, have had no phone, have had a car that's broken down on me at least twice this year, have had panic attacks every time I've tried to take the new medicince she prescribed in january--

She doesn't listen. She just keeps being snippy and condescending.

She says "You're so smart, and you still don't have a job, I don't understand it. Why aren't you in school?" 
I explain the academic probation, including how the death of my basically little brother messed me up. I explain that I've tried to keep jobs. She cuts me off and goes "did you have a loan or a grant?"
I say- "Yeah, I dont remember which one though."

Then she pulls out this gem- 
"That's my tax dollars paying for it." 

I tell her my mother wants to put me on disability, because I can't hold down a job and messed up my back from the last one I had. Plus the panic attacks, insomnia, and everything else. 

She says "thats for people who cant contribute. You need to contribute."

I try, very calmly to say "thats why I'm here...to get help."

She doesn't care. She has the same insulting, "you're a waste of oxygen" attitude the entire time. She won't let me explain. Finally she just repeats "what kind of medicine do you want?" over and over again, cutting me off when I try to talk.

I finally stand up and say "You know what? Bye."
She says "Bye." 

And I leave.

She was my last hope.

I was willing to get back on this medicine that sent me to the hospital, that freaked me out and messed me up so bad my ex had to hold me while I was shaking and crying at 3am, asking God why.

I was at my wit's end. I'd thought about dying so much these past few months. I've had blood tests for my health issues almost once every 2 months since december. I'd called the hotline. I'd ranted and vented on my blog for weeks and months. 

I came there this morning because I needed help. Because I wanted another chance to be happy. To get this medicine so I could push myself through the days again. So I could function. 

And she wouldn't even listen. 
She wouldn't even let me speak.

I'm 25 years old and I have nothing. I don't understand why I'm alive anymore. Everything I do ends up the same way. Everything I have always falls apart. If it weren't for the fact that I have my family and a few close friends, I'd already be gone.

And I hate it. Because they know I'm not gonna do anything. When people realize I'm too scared to go through with it, all they see and hear is another tantrum and eventually they tune you out.

So I'm stuck here. Existing. With no hope and no future. All I have is my novel, which I've slaved over for 5 years, but sometimes I wonder if even that's worth it. 

I just can't take it anymore. I just want it to stop. 
I just want to be happy. 
I just want to have a good life.

But the longer it goes on the more I see that's never going to happen.

When I was 20 I used to fantasize about where I'd be in 5 years. I imagined myself living my dreams surrounded by people who loved me.

Now, when I think about where I'll be when I'm 30, I see myself homeless, dead, or trapped down in a hospital bed.

Or still here. In my room. In my mom's house. Just like always.

I don't know why I'm posting this here. I don't know what I expect people to say that I haven't heard already.

I guess I'm just looking for hope. A sign from God that maybe things will change.

But in my heart I know they won't. Because they never do.

They only get worse. And one day I feel like I'm just going to decide I'm done.