My life story, how i end up on this page and considering suicide. (Long story)I was born with an Imperforate Anus, which mean i don't have an anus when i was born. My parent sold their house to try to fix me. After 6 years on and off the hospital, i finally got a surgery to fix that but it come with its own problem, i can't really control my bowel. I grow up with that situation where i don't know when i'm going to take a dump. It may sound silly, but shitting your pants at a teenager and have them laughing at you is not a comfortable at the slightest. I tried my best at school but i never really excel, whenever i fail something people would told me that my family spent everything on me and i turn out like this, that i'm a burden to everyone. My closet friend move away when i was 12 and was left alone without any friends for a long time. That was when i started feeling depressed. I live with that depression my whole life, but i did a very good job hiding it, no one know i have it, because i always laughing and joking in class and at work. However, when the night come and i was alone with my thought, i always think of myself at a failure and i deserve to die, but i keep pushing on. I finally have a close group of friends, those that i can called my brothers, and thing was good, for a while.

I had to move to the US with my family 3 years ago, leaving all my friends and my grandfather behind. In the US, i was alone, having no friend, my family scatter around, barely speaking the language and have to survive by myself, then the depression come back. There are many days that i want to end everything, but somehow i can still keep going. Everyday was as dark as the other, until the day i talked to her. She was my classmate in High school back in my country, we barely talk to each other on facebook, i used to like her back then but she already in a relationship so i didn't start anything then. One day i chatting her up on facebook, she told me about her divorce, how her husband treated her badly. I was there to talk to her, to share everything with her, and before i know it i fell in love with her, and she fell for me. We started a relationship, and those were the best days of my life. We can talk about everything, can joke about everything, we are just like best friend that love each other, everything was perfect. I waited for 6 months before i can comeback to my country to visit her and my friends. That 1 months with them i could never forget.

 After i got back to the US, i worked my ass off so i can build an actual future with her, and started to talk less because of my schedule. She told my that she was pregnant with my baby a month after i got back to the US, i was overjoy when heard that news. But bad thing keep happening to me, she had a miscarriage and lost our baby. We cried, a lot. Every night i dreamed of a kid who keep following me, i asked them who are they, and they told me "Why can't i live with you and mom, why can't we be together?". I cried my eyes out every single night. I tried to work harder so thing like that would never happen again, I thought that by doing it i can marry her and we can live together forever, but she thought that i was avoid her and no longer love her, but never tell me how she felt. There was that 1 extremely bad week when i was pressured by my school, my family, and my job, i barely sleep and had no energy to function. She also had a bad week and want to talk to me about it, however i was to tired to talk to her properly and i just half-assed talking to her. And that was the breaking point, she thought i no longer love her and her feeling for me started to go away. After that one week i began talking to her normally again, but she didn't seem like she want to talk. She said that she was sick and don't want to talk so i told her to remember to take her medicine, i dont want her to get sick, and i stopped calling her, yet still message her everyday. She never reply. One day I asked her and she told me that she no longer love me. 

The whole world crashing down on me. I begged, I cried, I explained to her everything, she wouldn't give me a chance. I was gonna ask her to marry me next summer, now everything is gone. I cried for the whole week, many time i was so close to commiting suicide but i held back because maybe i can still win her back. So I kept caring for her, talking to her although she never reply. I thought if I show her how much i really love her she will change her mind. Until one day i found out she already got a new lover before she broke up with me, and that crushed me. I asked her if she has anything going on with that person, and she agressively refused to answer. She told me that do i want to control her, that i always think what i want to think and never listen to her, she never did anything wrong, and she can answer it but she doesn't want to. My heart broke, i just want her to admit it herself so i know that she is still truthful with me, but she couldn't do it. I show her the proof and she change her tone, she said she couldn't lie to me so she couldn't said no. I felt like she has been lying to me for a long time. But i can't bring myself to be angry at her, i still love her so much. She came to me when i was in my darkest moments, she was the hope, the light that help me overcome everything. When she left, she took away all of that, now i'm alone with my own depression, when my mom saw me crying because of her, she told me to kill myself. I was closer to the edge than ever, i just want her back, i begged her and her new lover to let her comeback to me, that obviously failed. I talked to a lot of people, they all tell me that this will past, just try to forget her, everything will be fine .etc. I tried to go on with my normal life but she keep popping up in my head, her voice, her face, her smell, everything, and the depression hit. My kid comeback in my dream and asked me "Why mom and dad fight? Why you are not together anymore?". I tried to keep pushing on, I really did, but I can't imagine living a life without her. I can be working and studying 1 moment, and broke down the next moment because her memories came back in my head. I can't keep it going any longer and this time i think i will going through with it. All the pain and humiliation i suffered when i was young, the pain of being away from my friends, the pain of losing my kid, and the pain of losing my love, my hope is too much to bear any longer.

I know that this is very long and there won't be anyone reading it, and it's fine, because i only want to say everything out so i can feel a bit relieve so i can concentrate on my plan.