Everything is my fault. I feel empty. Everything is getting worse.25/F/Unemployed. I have a degree in a major I didn’t even want because I was emotionally manipulated to take it up. Now I don’t know how to carry myself.  I just want to vent. Want to put this all out there so in case I turn up dead, there’s some account of why.

Note: My circumstances are not as tragic as most but at the same time feeling suicidal should be neither a competition nor a “right.” 

I’ve been depressed for 6 years and counting. My family is Filipino and have a very condescending view of mental illness and being suicidal. The reason I mention my ethnicity is that I think every culture has their own view on mental illness and that gravely affects how people treat it. Frankly, I think Asians handle mental illness in the absolute worst ways possible.

I’ve been trying to seek help from every source people have given me and none of it has worked. 

I’ve tried to see a professional and get anti-depressants. But the first time my mom caught me with the pills and she told me “those are for psychos.” Then the second time I tried, my dad found the prescription and said I “didn’t need those.”  Now I can’t afford health insurance so the pills are ungodly expensive, so I have no option to get them until I get myself out of unemployment.

I’ve tried calling a suicide hotline and the person on the other end just told me to seek a professional before hanging up. They didn’t even bother to listen to me for more than five minutes.

My final resort was finally telling my friends and family that I’m suicidal and MAYBE they’ll help me. I wasn’t asking for them to be that “savior” you see in movies. I wasn’t even asking them to pity me. All I wanted was some form of understanding- for them to know what I’m going through and see why I may not always be the happy girl they think I am. Or even just a hug. Someone to tell me it was all going to be okay.

But everyone I told either treated my depression like it was some sort of crime (saying shit like “WHY ARE YOU DEPRESSED? YOU HAVE NO REASON TO BE DERESSED!!!”) or they don’t know how to react so they treat me like I’m the village freak (“What do you want me to say?”). They stop talking to me or they treat me like the punching bag. It’s so condescending and irritating. I have very few friends left because I couldn’t handle how the rest were treating me. 

I worked so hard for my family. Even when they abused me as a I child I still wanted them to love me. I put up with all the belt slaps and the bruises. Even that time when my father hit me with a chair or both of my parents put me in a charm closet, tied me up and screamed at me for getting in a fight with my brother when a friend was visiting. Or even the worst memory, the time I witnessed my mother almost stabbing my father out of rage as I was hiding in the closet. I put up with that because it was all part of the Filipino way of parenting, as I’ve been told. 

I sacrificed my youth and my dreams so I can support them and make them happy. They wanted me to just study so they refused to let me get a job or attend clubs. And they’ve even threatened me with kicking me out of the home or taking away all my money if I didn’t comply with their desires. “If you don’t become a doctor, you’re not my daughter anymore” my mom would often say. They wanted me to become I doctor so badly that last year, (against my wishes) they were so close to sending me to the Philippines so I could attend Med. School there (I didn’t qualify for any schools in the US. Shocker.) 

I’ve been working so hard keeping this dysfunctional family together through every argument, working hard so I can fulfill THEIR desires, and putting up with their insults against my successes, my interests and now my obesity. Even when I was finally fed up and just told them how I truly felt, they blamed it all on me. That it was my fault for not having the life I wanted. That it was my fault that at 25 I’m a loser. And they’re right. It’s my fault. It’s all my fault. It was my fault for thinking I could make all those sacrifices and think I just needed people’s love and care in return.

There’s only so much I can take. I don’t feel like my own person. I just feel like a puppet who just went with whatever people told me. I’ve given up on so many things that I’ve wanted and now I feel like it’s too late for me to start over. At 25 there’s no way I can be a pro artist like I’ve always wanted. I don’t have the money for school and there’s so many people who are leaps and bounds ahead of me that if I try to go to school now I’d be a laughing stock. All I’ve been doing was practice and practice and practice but it never feels like I’m catching up. I’ve lost so many years of learning. Now I have nothing and I’m stuck in a rut.

I’ve only ever wanted to be an artist but now that I finally have a chance, it’s already too late. It’s the only thing I’m good at and even that I suck. What does that say about me as a whole. Im nothing. I’m absolutely nothing. I’m alone. I don’t have my family and I’ve lost so many friends.

I want to hit the reset button. I want to be reborn in a life where I had the support I’ve always wanted without having to sacrifice my sense of self. That I had parents who didn’t beat me for wanting to play with friends or for getting a math problem wrong. 

I want to die. I want to die so badly. 

I’ve been reaching out to the friends I have left for weeks but none of them have texted me back yet. I just wanted to have conversation. I didn’t mention how strong the need to commit suicide has grown. I just wanted to talk about our interests and geek out about anime or dumb new stories. Anything to find some solid ground again even if it’s in brief conversations. 

Ugly, talentless, a terrible person, and now I don’t have anyone who cares enough to speak to me 

I just want someone to distract me from the pain. It’s been getting worse the last few weeks. It won’t stop. I don’t know how to make it stop. I just want to die and be reborn. I want a second life. Otherwise I’d rather not have been born at all. 

They should’ve let that umbilical chord choke me out. I would’ve been happier dead.