DelimaI don’t have a dad and my mom is a narcissist. She kept me from everyone growing up. Never really took care of me besides surface needs but took any opportunity she could to punish me. She’s also extremely religious. That’s where she seeks her power and control over others. So when I came out to her as a lesbian in middle school(technically I was catfished by someone at my church as a cruel joke and outed)... this was perfect for my mother. It began a really deep long painful emotional cycle. I have no one. No family. No friends. I went back into the closet to protect myself and came out again at 16. At 18 I was kicked out for being gay. I lived in my car for 3 months and I’ve always had a steady job since 16, but I had no credit. I was/am completely alone. I fought my way onto my feet landing really great jobs and thinking through things. Everything was great until 22. I just couldn’t do it anymore. I was “successful” enough for a 22 y/o. I wanted to go to college but I couldn’t afford to as I had to quickly begin providing for myself with no support. Some people say they have no support and really they feel like they have no support. I genuinely have nothing. I was working as a claims adjuster for an insurance company making $55,000 /year. Salary but working +50 hrs a week. I couldn’t do it anymore. I stoped wanting to live. My life feels so empty.. I went through a horrible breakup, lost everything and my only option was to beg my grandmother to stay with her. She isn’t a narcissist but she is extremely damaged, selfish and not a nice person. She sees none of it and all hell breaks loose having a normal, relaxed, “I feel/I think/ I believe” conversation with her. As anything that she doesn’t agree with is seen as combative, wrong and treated with hostility. I’m an adult. I have been for a long time. I’m forced to be here. I have no healthcare, I want to kill myself so badly. I also don’t want to kill myself but there is genuinely no way out. People suck. I’m too nice and people constantly use me. I feel like an abused dog with no hope. I’m not an idiot. I’ve done a lot of good things but I have nothing. I have no one. I’m so sick of the cliche “call a helpline” or “I’m here for you” or a bullshit  “see a therapist”. I’m 23 and alone. What the hell am I supposed to do. I’ve lost everything. Every single thing. This is not a joke. I have proof. It’s so much deeper than what I can  even fit into this post. I have no option. I can’t be here anymore. I don’t want to go to a mental hospital. I have real external problems. I’ve always been nice and smart and just fucking trying. I’m too alone, I’m too angry, I’m too screwed. I’m so so so fucking tired. I can’t put into words how badly I’m hurting. I have to get out of here. I have to get out of this body. No one even knows me. I just wanted to live.