i don't belong herei don't belong here. i don't want to be here. i don't want to walk on this earth anymore, i don't want to breathe, i don't want to talk. i want to be done. no one cares about me. no one needs me. i literally have no one. my signs of depression are so fucking clear and no one cares. i am not needed. i don't belong here. i belong under the dirt and i don't understand why i haven't just killed myself already. i don't know why i'm holding on. i can't hold on anymore. i am trapped inside a nightmare i can't wake up from. I don't know why I'm so depressed. I don't understand why it has to be me. What did I do to deserve such a cruel punishment from the world? I hate being in this body. I hate waking up every morning into this fucking nightmare that I can't seem to wake up from. I'm trapped in a life I don't want to live. I'm sick and tired of being... sick and tired. I hate getting up in the morning to face my enemy-- the world. Many say suicide is cowardly. If that's the case, consider my death as natural selection taking its course. veryone is so excited for homecoming, and meanwhile, I just can't see myself going. I can't see myself being alive much longer. I need to escape, I need to finally be at peace with myself.. and if the only way to achieve this involves being locked away under the dirt-- sign me up now. I am crying for help. I'm worried I'll be shoved back into the mental hospital again. I can't deal with that again. My mom constantly makes me feel like shit for the medical bills and my family during visitations kept calling me selfish for wanting to kill myself. My mom made so many empty promises to me.. and I felt like I could get better but as soon as I got out, shit got worse. At first I thought it was my medication, I know antidepressants make your depression worse at first.. now I'm just convinced that I'm incurable. I am sick of this never-ending cycle of waking up and dragging myself through the day. I'm always so fucking excited to go asleep. I'm excited to escape for a few hours. I dread waking up. I feel so alone. I feel like.. i'm drowning. i can't breathe anymore. depression is eating me up and tearing me apart.. my demons are winning. i think i want them to win. i can't beat them. i jsut wanna fucking die i don't wanna be here please god if you're real please take me i can't deal with NOT BREathing anymore i cna' t  deal with sobbing on the floor i can' t deal with pushing everyone away and making everyone uncomfortable with my jokes ab out  ki ll ign ymself i  wannn a go h ome now the sadness is so unbearable..please fucking hel p me i am going to die 

im not sure if this post breaks any rules but whatever, i'll be gone soon anyways