Worried, wanting to end itI’ve been depressed for a long while.  All throughout my life, I’ve thought about ending it, for different reasons, however, the past few years really brought it on.  About a year two years ago, my dad quit his job for not liking someone at the company.  This led him to trying to find a job in multiple locations.  During that summer, he eventually found one, however we struggled to sell our house and had to live with grandparents on my dads side while we were selling the house and looking for a new one (grandparents live in a different state as the job my dad found, so he had to get an apartment in the state where he worked while we were living at our grandparents).  We did end up getting the house sold before we moved in with my grandparents however and while we were packing to move, we found out that my grandma on my mom’s side had cancer.  It got progressively worse, but we were able to quickly get packed up and moved into my grandparents on my dad's side (both sides of grandparents live close to each other) so we were able to be there with family on my mom's side before she passed away.  We were able to find a house in the state where my dad had his apartment and we had my grandparents on my dad's side help us move in.  Well after living there for a few months, my step-grandpa on my dad's side (whose house I was staying there in that summer) passed away from (what we think) was a heart attack.  So that was two family members in the same summer.  I ended up finding a job at family Christian stores, and my dad and I were working and I was waiting to go back to college to get in-state tuition again.  After working at the job I had for about 5 months maybe they closed down the company, so I had to find a new one.  However one of my coworkers got a job working at a place I really liked as well and was able to get a job there with the college I had and skills I had fairly easily, although it wasn’t enough to pay to live on my own.  During my time at that new company, my dad's job went and decided to downsize and get rid of his position so they laid him off.  So my family was in another time of hardship (family of 5).  He eventually found one in the state I’m originally from (where my grandparents live) and we easily sold our house, however, we had a hard time finding a new one so we stayed yet again at my grandparents (this was this summer).  I also ended up having to quit my job that I was working at (even though I thoroughly enjoyed it, it just didn’t pay enough for me to live on my own).  Also, during this summer, my great grandma on my dad's side decided to stop taking her medicine, so she passed away and about a month later my step grandpa’s mom passed away.  On top of that, my dad wasn’t liking this new job either, so we found a house in between two major cities so that my dad could start looking for a new job while he was still working at the one he was currently working at.  After living in this house for a few months he ended up not being able to take it and ended up quitting his job outright without even talking to any of us or informing any of us first.  This rose a red flag for us, but he continued looking for a job and we continued on for a few months.  My dad has had a few “interviews” for jobs, but two days ago, we found out my dad is cheating on my mom.  I was the one who found out, my dad is pissed at me though cause I was the one who found out.  On the day my dad found out, he almost left us, he’s back home with us, however, my mom is really depressed (I don’t blame her, she’s not the person who would cheat or get a divorce even). However, I still believe my dad is still cheating and is very secretive about his stuff.  He also comes and checks to see what I am doing on my computer every so often, which is another red flag that he still is.  (Assuming he's watching to see if I am watching his stuff to see what he's up to).  On top of this, we are struggling for money because no one in my family can find a job and I’m also worried cause I’m going to have college payments coming up soon and I know I owe a lot.
I know I need to be here for my mom, but my depression is at sky high right now and I feel like I just wanna sleep and never wake up.
Not to mention on top of this, I left some friends behind in the state where I went to college in, made new friends in the state where I worked in, however, left them behind when I moved to where I’m at now, so basically I don’t have many people to talk to on top of everything else.  Thanksgivings going to be "fun" this year, we're going over to my mom's dad's house for Thanksgiving, which isn't bad, but we're going to my dad's mom's house too, and I really don't wanna go, as well as it's going to be awkward.  Just adds more stress to the plate.