I wish people cared.I'm a guy, I'm 16, and I've had cleft lip my whole life. It has made me so depressed and I've actually tried to kill myself a couple times. But I couldn't do it, I didn't have enough courage. I won't anymore because I now have a baby sister, and I'm scared that her life could be affected by my death.

Right now I just feel alone. Nobody in my life seems to care. My 4 "friends" don't want to be around me because I "Make them depressed". My own parents mock me because I tried to commit suicide, they think I have no problems (typical adults). They all don't understand that passing by someone in the hallway at my school makes me shake, that I'm too nervous to do anything productive.

I know nobody can permanently help me feel better, but I've always had a thought in the back of my head: If I just had a girlfriend (a girl who loved me for who I was), I would be happy. This always makes me feel extremely guilty because everyone tells me that I should worry about myself first, and also "doesn't everyone just want a relationship, what makes you so special?". I guess why I'm posting this here, because hopefully nobody will say that.

But I think it's the only thing that could help. Even if a girl just hugged me, it would make me happy for a long time. About a year ago I got a hug from a girl, best thing ever, no joke. But now nobody cares. I have tried, 4 times actually. I know it's not many, but I spent many many months talking to these girls, I did my absolute best, I was patient, I was respectful, I was nice, and I didn't mention my depression. I feel like that's the best I could do, and now those girls don't even want to talk to me. I just have no confidence left.

This was embarrassing, like I said, everyone just tells me I'm young and I have nothing to worry about, my friends call me a bitch for being a bit emotional. The only thing that I have done that has made everyone else happier has been shutting up and saying nothing. Which is why I just want to shut up for good.