Might delete later. I just wanted to say somethingSome weeks ago (it can be months... Time is going on so fucking fast lately its scary) I said that the only reason to keep living was sex. That immediate satisfaction you get, and nothing else is real or really worth it. And when sex doesn't fill you up any more, then it's time to go, because there is nothing left.    
I did not think the time would come so fast. I thought it might be years and years of trying to get a normal life until I'm totally drained of sexual desire, and by that time I would have kids and I don't want to kill myself if I have kids. But no, it only took some weeks. Whatever I still do is just me trying to get back to better times, but there is always something missing... It's obvious that what's old doesn't work anymore, but I can't think of anything new. I might have reached the epitome of "creativity" at 17/18. Awesome.   
And I'm lost. I couldn't be more lost and it's scary. I see everyone finding their place in the world and their passion and where they belong and I have nothing of that. I'm just walking alone and the people that should support me the most make me feel bad for it. And I don't know how much more Ill be able to stand it.    
And now I look at the two people I still take three buses and pretend that I don't hate my life for, and I want to hug them and tell them that they will be everything they want to be and more. Because they have something to live for. Because they're good and their smiles are so sincere and heart warming. Because they belong somewhere. Because they don't cry at 6 am writing suicidal things in reddit (I hope they don't really mean it if they do).  
So if I decide to really do it... because I feel like there is nothing else to live for, because the pressure is too high here and I can hardly breathe and death would be such a relief... I just want them to know how much they're appreciated and how I thought about them in my last times. Them and a couple of artists I listen to everyday and love. Thanks for coming into my life and I don't care if you fight, you make my days better and you give me a reason to do one of the few things I enjoy that is singing.