It hurts to be lonely and uglyThrowaway account.

I almost at my limit. I’ve been considering yeeting myself into a train, off a building/bridge, etc. I’ve been thinking this way for a good long time (at least a few months). I’m not thinking it every night, but whenever I realize what a pathetic lonely motherfucker I am, the thoughts come back. Literally the only thing keeping me from killing myself is my dog. If something happens to her, I wouldn’t really have anything keeping me from killing myself. My parents are great, but they’re getting old and probably would forget that I died in a week or so. My siblings all don’t really don’t really contact me and I don’t keep up with them. I’m almost out of college and have a job lined up for me, but even that’s kinda eh. I try my best to improve myself; I work out and bought new clothes to make me look better, but it’s all in vain. I’ve had 0 luck with clubs (night clubs and college clubs), bars, online dating apps. I don’t know why. I don’t know if it’s cus I’m fucking ugly, I wear glasses and look like a nerd. Even my friend who I think I’m a bit more attracting than gets at least 10 matches to my 0. Some of you will say dating isn’t everything. I’m fucked up even when it comes to school and my social life; also, I’ve never had a girl genuinely interested in me, and I’ve always wanted a girlfriend. My school work ethic is awful. I know I’m smart (I get excellent test grades), but I can’t seem to find the motivation to attend class, go to labs, or do my homework so my gpa is fucking horrendous. I fucking hate so much myself because of this. I’ve been hard working with part time jobs, but with school I’m fucking awful. I feel like Fucked my future up. I’m awful with my friends too. I want to be the nice, funny guy, but I’m the weird, bullied guy in the group. I don’t know what’s wrong with me. I fucking hate myself and would rather be dead than suffer my loneliness and mediocrity.

TL;DR: I feel like I’m fucking ugly and stupid and awful and can’t get a girlfriend/get good grades/make good friendships and I want to fucking kill myself because of this. Dog is holding me together