Just need to get it out thereI don’t know if this is the right sub for this but it was the first to pop up so yeah.

I’m 6 foot and 140 lbs, and male. Used to be 117 lbs before I did some diet stuff last year. Always been super skinny, got bullied a lot from ages 8-14 because of it. Doesn’t help that I’ve got some stupid bone abnormality that makes my ribs jut out. Or maybe I am just that skinny idk anymore.

I’ve never seriously been in love either, which makes sense bc I don’t know a single woman that would find who I am attractive.

I’m super self conscious about every aspect of myself. Everyday I look at myself in the mirror and find another flaw that needs to be fixed, and be disgusted by my face and body. Everyone tells me I don’t have bad acne but I know they’re lying just to cover me. I look like a fucking strawberry and have tried everything but can’t get rid of it. I look at my wrists and how skinny they are compared to others and I wish I could gain the weight to fix that but I just can’t find the want to actually go through with any of my goals. 

I’ve gone to counseling before, but not for super serious shit. Mostly for stuff realizing just how unimportant I am in this world, family issues, or anxiety, usually stopped going after a month or so.

I’m now a freshman at university, and I find it hard to get myself to do anything outside of classes and studying. My parents would usually force me out, or my friends would invite me to stuff. Now I’m alone and I’d still rather stay in bed for the day.

I don’t know if I’m self destructive or not because of this, but I probably am since I’d rather stay where I am than get help.

The most I can do is study to maintain grades and my image, but I still mumble “When am I going to kill myself” in the mirror every day as I get ready.

It’s only been getting harder and harder for me through the years. I can count the number of times I feel happy each week with only one hand most of the time. 

I think about killing myself but never can bring myself to do it, sometimes because I don’t have the resources available or I’m just to scared to do it. I don’t want to bring grief to my relatives either.

I know I have the chance at a decent future but  I don’t know what that means if I can’t enjoy it.

