My birthdaySo my 17th birthday is coming up in less than a month. I've already decided that the day after will be my suicide date. I have thought about this very logically, for over half a year now, and I'm sure it's the best option.

I've already entirely planned out my method. I know pills and knives suck at being effective so I'm going for hanging instead. Trust me, I've researched everything on it I possibly could and the only way I will fail is if I changed my mind or someone found me, which won't happen.

Anyway, the reason I'm even doing this is for several reasons. One, I have an incurable physical problem. It's not deadly, but it is 24/7 and drives me up the wall, and it will not go away until I die. Second of all, I have anxiety that has persisted for years and years, and I believe I am now getting depression as well because I don't have the energy to do anything anymore.

And thirdly, I'm a burden on my family. I know I know, they will miss me, I'm not stupid. Although maybe I am selfish for doing this. I just can't handle it any more. But logically, once they get over me, it will be better for them. I always took up a lot of their time, energy, money, and stressed them out. I know it's not my fault I am this way, so I don't hate myself, but the facts are still true. It'll be better once I am gone.

I'm not really scared of dying. Well, I would be lying if I said I wasn't at least a little afraid. But overall I don't really see it as that bad. I mean it's just your perspective. There's nothing inherently bad about death. It's just like dreamless sleep forever. And I'm not afraid of sleeping.

There will be some things I miss, sure, and I know the world is a pretty cool place, but it's not for me. I can't enjoy it any longer, and with my anxiety I will barely be able to do much in my future either. So I don't feel too bad about leaving those things behind. It's not like I can miss them if I'm dead.

So yeah... I think it's all pretty logical. I didn't want to decide it on an emotional whim, but it's been months and every month I just come back to the same conclusion. I have all my notes ready. I'm going to kill myself soon.
