Can I get fired from work in UK for suicide attempt?Okay, I don't know. So basically I am 25 years old, female from the UK and Sunday night I had a bit of a meltdown and ended up cutting my wrist open and I took a bunch of Tramadol and some other painkillers. I ended up in hospital so they could sort me out and stitch my arm up and so far I've missed 3 days of work because of it. Throughout my history, this isn't exactly rare. It's happened a few times now. But I am worried about getting sacked from work. 

It pretty much all happened because I hate my job so much. I didn't want to go anymore, didn't want to wake up and have to go into that office. It's been building up for weeks now. And now, weirdly, I am worried about this whole drama getting me fired. Funny old world.

I was in hospital all day Monday so my mum had to call into my office and she briefly let them know I was in hospital, but she didn't say why. Tuesday morning she called in again and said I was still there, but this time she got asked WHY I was in hospital, so she said I'd overdosed. So they know now. My mum called the shots there and then and said "she also won't be in Wednesday because she is seeing a doctor and we're waiting to see what he says after that" and now I am panicking. I'm home now and resting. I know they're all going to think I am insane anyway, but I'm almost certain my job is going to be gone after this week.

I am waiting to see my doctor later and everyone is certain he's going to at least sign me off work for the rest of this week to rest and recover and relax. But I am thinking that if I go back on Monday after a whole week of this, and my attendance hasn't exactly been fantastic in the past, they're definitely going to pull me into an office and say they can't have an unstable person working in their office, and that'll be it.

Can do they that? Is it bad? I mean, my dad himself has said "if they sack you, they sack you. Right now your mental health is way more important than a job. You need to sort yourself out because you get into a panic about work" and I don't know. I'd assume the same, I guess. But I also assume if they get rid of me, I'll get given a bad reference and that'll prevent someone else employing me in the near future. What would I even write on my CV? "Fired from last job because of suicide attempt"?

I've known this was coming for a while. I saw my doctor recently and he put me back on antidepressants, but I knew something else was coming. It's happened before, it'll happen again, I know the signs, sort of thing. So perhaps leaving that job and getting a new one is the thing I actually need to do. I just don't want them to be harsh about it and say "oh, she's crazy, don't employ her" to someone else.

I guess I really need to wait until I've seen my doctor first, before I start thinking about these things, but I can't help it. I don't want to be stared at like I'm a total fruit when I eventually step back into that office. And if they DON'T sack me, oh god, will it be even worse? Having them all know what I did and having to try and get on with it?

