Having suicidal thoughts. I really need some caring words and good vibes, and advice on loving myself and living a great life.I used to struggle with depression before I went to college. I have just finished my first year of college and I moved back to my parents' home for the summer. But lately I've been feeling really down again. I can't stop thinking of my flaws... like how I am a crybaby, I am super duper sensitive, I am "annoying" to some people I really care about, I am physically unattractive, and I have really low self-esteem. I honestly do not love myself. 

I am also really behind than a lot of people when it comes to life achievements. 

Despite people in university telling me that I have a lot of friends and that everyone loves me, I feel like I have no friends since I have nobody to talk to about *this* stuff. Last night I was feeling really down on the way I look like. I sent a snap to my friends with a picture of my face, saying that "this is why I need plastic surgery". Two friends left that on read, and the third friend (who is actually my cousin) said that I am acting like my old self where I was a crybaby who said that I needed plastic surgery, and that I shouldn't feel that way since I "look good". I was concerned with how she said I was a crybaby, because I was really going through depression. 

Another thing that's wrong with my life, is obviously the fact that I feel like I'm unattractive on the inside and the outside.

I also have nobody to go out with on adventures since my friends have other friends, and my best friend has a boyfriend. This leaves me alone on weekends.

I can't really find happiness on being alone. I'm usually not so happy when I'm by myself. but when I'm with another human being I feel happy no matter what. Someone from my college told me that I am extroverted when I mentioned this. I cannot really trust this friend anymore because he broke my feelings. He was caring to my face but talk about how annoying I am with his friends and roommate (his roommate told me this) and he doesn't talk to me anymore.

I've never been in a caring romantic relationship while most people have by the time they are my age apparently.

I am not sure with what I want to do in my life. I want to become a nurse, but I am not one-hundred percent sure with that.

I don't even have a driver's license and people comment me on this. I didn't need one growing up, but now I do so I am working on getting that this summer. It kinda bothers me when people comment me on this. That one friend who said I'm annoying let me practice driving his car one night when we were close friends. I heard that he actually made an entire conversation on how I'm a bad driver and pinpointed every little thing I did. 

I honestly do not feel like I am good with *anything*. 

Since I do not like myself at all and I don't have at least ONE person to share good life experiences with, I feel a bit down and I want to die. I just don't want to be a psycho. I really want to be a great person with a very happy life. 

**TL;DR: I'm an extrovert who has nobody to talk about in regards to my insecurities and other issues. People don't really take me seriously when I tell them how I feel unattractive. I need help on learning to love myself while living a great and happy life. Because right now I feel like it isn't worth it and I wanna die.**

EDIT: I feel **unattractive** on the inside and outside. I meant to say unattractive 
