i just want to feel this loved all the timeyesterday i was hanging out with a bunch of people from my choir group (who are honestly some of the only people i’ve ever felt super close to) and i decided to share the fact that i think i need therapy and dont have a good relationship with anyone in my family. im overly chatty when i get close to people and i almost brought up how ive been extremely suicidal this year and have been planning to kill myself at the end of the year, but i couldn’t. almost. but no.  nonetheless they were so communicative and ive never have deep talk with anyone other than these people bc i know they keep secrets.

this last week ive been trying to get myself together so badly. socially, i got closer to alot of people from me show choir and some people that ive been wanting to get closer to from this past year, and all the talk about next school year and college are making me wonder just how much im going to affect these people that ive met just this year but im so comfortable with. academically, not so hot, but its been like that for a while. still makes me feel like shit, but i should just get used to it by know.

i feel like everyones relying on me for the future but i dont even know if ill be here. i want to distance myself but another part of me loves making friends with people who dont know know me because of my family or my sister. 

i just want to feel loved but all these people ive grown close to are going to leave me forever bc they’re juniors and seniors and they after high school everyone gets on with their lives and leaves it all behind. im going to be ditched and alone and back to square one i come. i dont want to grow closer to people bc everyone i get close to are older than me and are going to forget me in a few years.

im even making more friends in my actual classes 
but guess what? they’re all juniors. just a one year difference, but a year is such a long time when all you do is friendgrouphop everyday

why do i get to find my people and then have them be ripped away from me :(


