I'm just a lazy fuck up. I'm not even out of high school. I don't deserve the life I have. It's pretty simple, really. I simply screw up every god damned thing I've ever touched in my life. Second day of work today? Don't go in and sleep all day. Miss two swim practices in a row (Just two more on top of the countless number I've already missed). I'm done with it. 

I'm so sick of lying to my mother, father, family, friends, teachers, everyone I know. I'm morally bankrupt. I'm actually surprised people still want something to do with me. I figure that I have friends only because I'm moderately funny and they don't really realize that I'm lying to them when I say I can't hang out. I'm so fucked. 

My dad is a fairly successful businessman. He grew up taking care of his two sisters and his dad after his mom died and his dad suffered a stroke. He's a really hard worker. He's made money, and it shows. We have a nice house, and I drive a truck that's better than most high school students' cars. I don't deserve a single cent of it. I don't work hard, not in school or in life.  

I'm pretty sure I'm depressed too, but I don't want to see my psychologist about it (I have add). I told my mom a week ago when I completely broke down in front of her. I don't really know how to handle it from here. I'm almost embarrassed of it. I can't even talk to my closest friend about it, even though I help her with her troubles all of the time, and she's offered to help if something like depression has ever happened to me. 

I have nothing to live for, to be completely honest. I'm probably never going to change, and if this is the case, I won't do shit in college. I won't be successful, I'll just end up being a bum at the age of 25. 

I feel like I'm letting everyone down. Especially today. I let my coach down, my boss, my parents, everyone. I'm just done. I'm sick of it. It'll be so much easier if I just say goodbye to my close friends and just end it. The future seems hopeless for me.

Sure, someone can talk me down now, and I'll feel better for a little while longer, but I'm just going to go back to where I am now. Thanks for all you've done, /r/SuicideWatch. You guys do wonders, and it worked for me for awhile. You've saved a countless number of lives. But I think it's time for me to move on. My parents are going to be back from their weekend trip soon, so it's probably time to get started. See ya'll in the afterlife, or whatever the hell it is that happens after death. 