Just a little tired of lifeI'm a 20 year old male, living what I would consider, a fairly good life apart from my illness. It doesn't sound like I have a lot of problems, but because of my illness I find it hard to travel to see people, eat meals and participate in activities like festivals and entertainment related things. I'm unable to maintain relationships and friendships because of my lack of energy. My last relationship was a year ago, and she was stuck with me for a year.

I was diagnosed Constrictive Pericarditis 2 years ago, which is an inflammation of the pericardium which is the sac that surrounds the heart. Constrictive Pericarditis means it's chronic and won't go away even if I do take medication. I tried taking antibiotics for it when I first started feeling like this with my doctors diagnosis and it didn't help, he was confused and ordered me to get some X-Rays, MRI's and ECG's to try to understand what caused it and if it was chronic. He has a theory that I had a minor heart attack and it developed from that, although my blood tests came back negative for an MI, though the time period between the start of my illness to when I got my blood tests was pretty lengthy.

I don't take medication as my doctor doesn't think anything will help with the pericarditis, it is hard to swallow, it's painful to breath at times as well. I have constant chest pains, and I'm constantly fatigued and have weakness with my left arm. I can't have a good night sleep either because when I lay down I can feel my blood pressure ringing through my head and just general insomnia. My doctor says half the pain and discomfort I have is from anxiety, but I refuse to take medication for it anymore. He heavily suggested I start taking something like HPT5(I think that's what he told me to take, it was 14 months ago). It didn't feel like it made much of a difference when I took it for 3 months.

I am sick and tired of being bed bound on some days, and other days completely void of energy. I'm constantly having to cancel plans or tell people sorry I am in too much pain or too tired to leave. A lot of my friends are understanding, caring and lovely people and still invite me even if they know I am unable to go. So that gives me a little bit of satisfaction that I have such caring friends, but I am sick and tired of just staying in bed, staying in the house because I don't have the energy to stand for long periods of time or do any physical activity. 

I'm just sick of living like this. I want to go out when my friends invite me to festivals or the movies, I want to go out to lunch or dinner, and be able to eat more then 3 bites without having trouble, or being in pain. I want to go out on dates with women without being like this. I actually want to go to the gym to release frustrations..

I'm just depressed and tired of living like this. I would love to have enough energy to go out for 2 days a week, it'd be the greatest gift I'd ever be able to get. 

Sorry for ranting and the walls of text, just wanted someone to listen, anyone.