Warning: Suicide (Nobody will read this)My name is William and I am 23 years old. I have a mental illness. I suffer from depression, I have anxiety and I was diagnosed with Post Traumatic Stress Disorder. What lead to me to this point of suicide is loliness overall. I see and feel the loliness I suffer everyday. I have no support system and have been battling it all on my own through restless nights and empty days. I attempt to go out in public and can see that people don't wanna be near me. They look at me like I'm some kind of animal. That's why I have this alternative to take the time and tell you my story here online. The things I feel to some might be confusing and disturbing to some people which is understandable. Some people say they may care about me when I feel the exact opposite and they more, or less resent me more than anything. I have had experiences where I have voluntarily admitted myself for psychiatric help and got nothing out of it, but the mistreatment of the staff. I have called the National Suicide Prevention lifeline services and was told on numerous occasions believe or not to "hang up" because I was only emotionally distraught instead of being actively suicidal in that moment with only the thoughts of suicide building through my mind before and after those experiences. Between my past traumatic history and current life has left me depressed with the thoughts of unworthiness, uselessness, unwilling, and now suicidal. I get angry, sad and cry to myself, and  then the feelings repeat itself in a vicious cycle. I feel the urge to self harm a lot and use weapons and leverage on myself to put myself in complete danger. When I'm around good people that want to help and for example I get a negative attitude because I'm going through so much and feel overwhelmed. I tend to violently snap and perform violent activities on myself and possibly others if physically someone was around which I know I'm more than capable of hurting and possibly killing someone. I've been exposed to a lot of fucked up shit. I couldn't handle it alone and till this day I feel alone even though someone out there might be experiencing pain of their own, but as a victim to society, as a vicitim of my own I don't see that because I'm caught up in my own problems and imprisoned by my mind. I am not a very socialized individual and my actions speak for me. As I said I don't have the support and I have no family, or friends. Unfortunately I've had more bad luck than good where people don't want to acknowledge my existence as a human being first and look at me and even mistreat me like a cancer to society. At 23 years of age I've pretty much experienced it all since the beginning of my childhood. I'm not gonna write about all my past traumatic experiences only for the simple fact is I'm feeling anxious at this very moment. I've been through the heart aches, I've been apart of violence and devolped an explosive and destructive temper because of it and violent tendencies whenever I feel lonely and sad. At least I acknowledge I have been through enough where you would think some kinda high ups or "anarchy" is watching me to know enough I've been through enough and paid it with my heart and soul.  Moments where I was in life threatening situations to being in what is known as a life threatening situation, but by my own device. I have health issues. I've had injuries caused by certain events that transpired in my youth. I'll give you an example: Whenever I get anxious like I have been, and my anxiety shoots up, I get like a shock wave in my legs, my jaw sometimes feels wired shut, my arms start to shake, or sometimes if it gets really bad, I throw up and cough up blood in my lungs. As far as those restless nights? I go to sleep for the most part with something always on my mind that's occurimg. It's most likely a flashback of a traumatic event I went through and I toss and turn and wake up all alone with cold sweats and I sometimes scream and breathe heavy. Normally I would use Reddit as my last cry for help, but in my experience between the real world and online as far as getting and receiving emotional support had been a bust. I have had more assholes and judgmental people if anything. I think it's because people just don't want to deal with the burden of me. Anyways say a prayer for me and see you all at the crossroads one day. Have a nice life without me! 