I'm Broken. My Life Is a Mess. I'm Worthless.My life seems like a endless cycle of pain and regret but lately its starting
to be too much for me to handle and i'm afraid i might do something extreme someday.

i would love just to end it just leave this life and move on to the afterlife if there is one
hell even if there isn't a afterlife a cold black void of no existence seems like heaven
for me right now.

but i know i should not do it suicide does not take the pain away it just passes it
to loved ones and friends.

but honestly the pain is too much for me the thoughts are coming stronger
the only thing i can think about is regrets from big to small things that do not matter and
suicide.

i cant even step on the balcony of my apartment without wanting to jump.

i feel like my conscience is messing with me
feeling regret and guilt on things that were years ago that are not my fault or i was
too young to know better.

my mind feels like a mess it feels like there is always someone just butchering my mind to drive me
insane.

sometimes i get voices whispering in my head trying to get my attention calling me wanting me to kill myself
wanting me to hurt myself and others.

urges to hurt myself i cannot clean my ears without a sadistic urge to shove the cotton swab
into my eardrum.

these horrible mood swings i can feel joyful happy out of nowhere then fade into anxiety and paranoia
i feel like i have to cover my tracks and erase my past.
 
then it goes into extreme depression this is the part that can scare me the most
i just lose all hope all my problems feel like they can be fixed in just one solution and that is
death.

but then it just goes back into happiness and its the same cycle 
over and over again its exhausting going through this everyday.

i hate myself so much. from the way i look talk walk and who i am.

i have done nothing in my life just wasted it everyday no accomplishments no skills nothing.

food has also been a problem lately i cannot eat anything without feeling sick
have not felt hungry in days and this is horrible because i'm skinny and the last thing i need to be
is anorexic.

i just feel so weak. broken. useless. failure. dead.

i'm sorry for wasting your time.