Any advice will be appreciatedWell, where to start.   
M,23.   
Dead End Job in small town with zero perspectives, live with parents, no gf, no sex life,no friends in real life, hair falls out and terrible bleeding acne on my face, sleep less every night, cry at least twice each week,only interest is listening to music(listened  to more than 2000 albums in past three years)  and playing my Music Man guitar through big-ass 60-watt Marshall with headphones on.  
Had a lot of head traumas and brain damage, lots of deaths in family and lots of stress, been to psychiatrist, been eating pills, tried to kill myself once  to no success and i have obsessive perfectionist idea - to squeeze my whole existence into the most perfect music and die, therefore making myself immortal by injecting myself into collective unconsciousness. I have this idea since i am eleven. Because i'm perfectionist i have all these fantasies,but can't live up to them. These nonverbal ideas are much better than any rock band ever. I look up to a lot of bands and deep down inside i know i can outdo them. Wrote more than 300 song titles and zero songs.   
It feels like i have zero empathy and it really bothers me. Only reason i don't kill myself is i believe deep down inside of my insane head i can create something out of this world.   
My libido is waned, my desire to be with anybody is non existant. To me having friends or gf's seems like a stress i couldn't keep. And basically i'm at point where i wouldn't understand why would anybody spent any time with me. I can't chill. At all. This idea kills me. It's just too good. I have already all the song titles on all of the albums. And these albums gonna be released in 7 years.  


Due to lack of empathy i feel inhuman. Due to lack of libido i feel asexual (i'm not).   


I can't work even on the simplest 9 to 5 with career opportunities so i work security guard shifts.

it's lonely as hell, at the same time i'm obsessed and i feel like losing time around people.  


I mean as you see there is odd, and there is whole other level which is mine.