I’m completely overwhelmed and I think it’s finally time to ask for help. This is my (long) situation.I moved to Germany by myself about two years ago. I'm pretty isolated, because Germans are insanely difficult to befriend or get close to. I got a job as a freelance language teacher to get my foot in the door, but it's basically bullshit because it means my visa is really limited, my working hours are inconsistent and sparse, I have no benefits, and can be fired at any time with no reason. I have a dual degree but I hate what I studied. I have some debt, and some months I have to pay rent out of my savings, because I don’t break even during slow times or vacation season. I’m super replaceable and not respected. I know the company makes a shitton of money off of these classes relative to what we get paid. 

I haven’t been to a general physical in years, and I have visible holes in my teeth that need filling. Today I had a scheduling conflict and my boss said I either change my dentist appointment, or lose two all-day classes (1/3 of my rent). 

My roommate owes me over 100€ and lied to my face saying he’d pay it back last month, but saying he doesn’t have any money this month. That being said, he still goes out drinking every weekend and when he comes back he tells me he has no money. I feel completely disrespected and betrayed. My roommates were my closest (and really only) friends, but one is basically giving me a metaphorical middle finger all the time, and the other (though he tries to help) doesn’t understand mental health and thinks I’m just “sad” and will get over it. He often says “you’re not depressed” which is really invalidating.

We live in a shit apartment with plagues of bugs, no heating, no insulation, a lot of broken appliances and other daily miscellaneous problems (like our toilet not flushing). Looking for something better is ridiculously competitive in my town, and almost always out of my price range.

My visa has been in review for over a year now, and I just keep being given 3 month extensions, so everything’s unstable and I can’t know what will happen. If they deny my visa and send me back home I’m done. I love some parts of America but I hated living there and it was detrimental to my mental health. I need independence, and distance from my family. I have a history of self harm and eating problems and being sent home would be the straw that breaks the camels back. Today I tried to write to a suicide help program, and was told I can’t because they’re already overburdened. It was hard enough for me to ask for help in the first place, and I still got shut down. I went to therapy in the US, but as a freelancer in Germany I have to be on private health insurance and can’t afford to go to therapy. I try to do everything on my own, and my boss says I’m the only “Einzelkämpfer” (lone warrior) at our workplace. If I don’t get my visa, I’ll go back to America as an utter failure. I’ve been here for two years and I’m still completely at square one. Almost no friends, no long-term visa, shit roommate, shit apartment, shit job, shit health, and a shit attitude. I have nothing to show for myself.

I just want to give up so bad. I feel like suicide is constantly an option in the back of my head. Like others have said here: it feels like something I’m just destined to do. I want to give up so badly and I don’t know where to go from here. I can’t handle all of this at once, and this shit on top of even small daily tasks just paralyzes me. I know I need to change stuff but I can’t get out of bed because I don’t know where to start so I just don’t. I know this is long but I’m completely broken, and after melting down at work today, it needed to come out. I’m so fucking easily overwhelmed and the worst at handling stress. If you read this far, fucking thank you. I don’t even feel like my situation is  “bad enough” to post here or that anyone wants to read this novel of a post. I know it’s not as bad as it could be but these feelings of wanting to give up and forget it all, and being constantly overwhelmed, are really real, and constant to me. Being told I’m not depressed enough to warrant concern just pushes my apathy and feeling of worthlessness even more. I don't feel my problems are valid enough, or that I'm close enough to anyone to tell them. I feel isolated, taken advantage of, and helpless. I just don't know what to do anymore.