i don't deserve to be alivei'm not sure how this works, and i'm a bit scared to post this, but i don't know what else to do. i figured this may help.
i'm a 17 year old girl.
i do not deserve to be alive.
now let me explain.
i do not have a good life. i live in a tiny apartment with my brother and parents. we make $18,000 a year, which is below the poverty line. i'm ugly, which is less of a concern of mine, but it pushes me even further. i spend all day every day on the couch unable to move. my family can't afford to help me. i am trapped in living a miserable life. every day i get older, and i know i'm wasting my youth. i've felt this way for more than 2 years. i rarely hit 200 steps a day. i've gone from 82 pounds to 150 in these 2 years (at 5'2) so i know i'm fat. i have no friends. i used to have so much but after one event, i lost it all. i feel empty and trapped. but that is not why i'm here. i am one of the few people on earth who do not deserve to be alive.
i think i did something really really bad because of pressure.
my parents are CRAZY, and their parents were crazy. i mean homicidal, "been kicked out of mental hospitals for being too crazy" type crazy. they put me under a lot of pressure to do something terrible (nothing violent was committed) and i hesitated greatly, but i did it. they are all i have left. as i write this i think maybe it wasn't as bad as i'm making it out to be, but in light of a lot of things going on it the news recently, i realize now it's a terrible thing i did. i feel so guilty. this all happened in response to an event that happened that ruined my life and took me from the normal happy high schooler to what i am today. i had everything and now i have nothing. someone did something to me that i still cry about at night and he made me promise never to tell anyone. i didn't mean to, but word got out, and it ruined his life. well, not really. he got fired. he lost his reputation as a good man. and yes, it is true that he did what he did. but i feel the guilt of ruining him every day. now my parents are pushing to get even more done, because he never served jail time, he never actually got anything bad done. i am the only one who ended up suffering, and it will stay with me forever. this having happened, and losing something i promised to save for a very long time, combined with the guilt i feel for ruining this man's life. i can't live with myself. his wife stayed with him, but a few of my friends hate him. i don't think he's actually having anything bad happen, and i think he ended up getting a better job... but he lost his reputation as a good person for a few months. and he feels guilty so it kills me to know that even though he feels remorse and he actually loved me i think, he has to feel so scared of the police and such. he did a bad thing, and i'm not the first he did it to (he confessed that to me) but he feels guilty. he felt guilty the first time he did it but then did it to someone else (me) twice. this is rambly. it's 4 am and i've been up all night crying trying to decide what makes someone worthy of life. so, here's the bullet points:
• i ruined someone's life, kinda, and i don't think he deserved it, because despite his actions, i'm sure he regrets it and never meant to hurt me or the other girl this has happened to
• i am fat and ugly, maybe not to everyone, but i can see it at least
• i have a terrible life already, i feel empty inside, which isn't the main reason im suicidal.

am i being dramatic or do i truly deserve to die? i sound so stupid i know but i just don't know what to do. i can lose weight and get plastic surgery but even that won't fix my appearance, not enough, i will never be good enough for myself even though i am good enough for others. i feel so empty and lonely and miserable already. i'm addicted to my phone and have a lot of stress inside me and i deserve it.

be honest- do i deserve to die? or can i be forgiven? is there forgiving for something so heinous?