But after all . . . what's the point?Right, so this is going to be a large amount of rambling, but I just really feel like I need to vent, and maybe this would help. Any distraction feels like it would be a good one right now. With any luck . . . someone has had my line of thinking before and found a way out. I never thought I'd post here or be this close to breaking.

So.

I just completed my masters . . . an MS in a technical field to be specific. My undergraduate consisted of a double major in two fields I kind of like but not enough to excel in, and thus they would net me damn near nothing as far as sustaining myself. Hence why I went to grad school for something I somewhat care about. To get a job. Now, with this degree, that I thought would find me work, I'm struggling to find a job and feel ill-prepared despite coming from a prestigious university. So now I'm stressing to find employment and despite sending half a dozen resumes out every day for the last three months . . . I am not closer to this goal.

This is stress enough.

But there's more.


Say I find a job tomorrow. I can finally be financially independent and carve my path in life . . . good, right? The idea of a 9-5 job scares the fuck out of me. For as long as I've been alive, I have struggled, no matter how tired I am, to get to sleep before 2am. The hours between midnight and dawn feel like my own . . . that is where I feel most alive, most creative, most concious. That is when I . . . am, when I exist. I need money so I can have a place to live, so I can go out, so I can do things. But having a job that requires my participation from 9-5 for five days a week seems like an unrelenting hell from which there would be no eventual escape until I am too old to enjoy to lifestyle that I love. And one that would seem to preclude much of the few things I actually enjoy about life as it is.

I know this seems selfish. Plenty of people grin and bear it and do what I am lamenting and lead their lives as we are accustomed to believe they should. Plenty of people are much less fortunate than I am. But plenty of people also live in wealth and have not a worry in their lives and can conduct themselves as they see fit without an office job that they would rather not be in in the first place . . .

I feel like shit for thinking this way.

I feel destined to work at a job I feel only the slightest bit of passion about . . . to see my dreams and know they are out of reach. To someday look back and think "what could have been" and know that I probably couldn't achieve it anyway. 

I have the most selfish passions . . . but I can't help feeling trapped. If it weren't for the trouble it would cause my family, i'd probably just decide to be done with life . . .

How do I come to terms with being normal? with working a normal job and being tired every morning and never becoming great?

Please stop reading if you think this will be stupid bragging . . . but I had damn near perfect scores in the SAT and GRE . . . my IQ was 148 when I was scored years ago through the Wechsler test. I always thought somehow things would go okay for me. Reality is much less forgiving. 

I hate that this has come off as narcissistic whining . . . but I am just wholly afraid of the future right now. I will be nothing. A blip on the radar of life . . . we will all die eventually . . . what the fuck is point of continuing on? I just don't get it. I'm going to live in the shadow of what life could have been were it for greater fortune or greater luck.