I'm out of reasons to liveI think of myself as a rational creature. When I run out of reasons to live, I'll kill myself. When I have many reasons to live, I live life happily. Simple. The first time I ran out of reasons to live was in 6th grade. I think I'm getting to that point now. Here's why.

&amp;#x200B;

I have no future. I was born into a life of privilege, but I don't have the motivation to do anything. My parents have a college fund for me on the condition that I make it into the state university. If I can't get into a good college, they'll disown my ass and I'll have nothing. (Not that i had much to begin with) My SAT scores are \~200 points away and my GPA isn't nearly high enough. I'm academically lost. I'm asian, so making it into college is a lot harder. My parents want me to be a doctor. It's too fucking late. My parents forced me to do competitions and extracurriculars that I suck at. One time they flew me to Boston for a debate tournament that I lost every round in. I have nothing to put on my resume. And then they blame me for being a useless fuck. 

I was born with severe eczema that causes uncontrollable itching when I sweat. Exercise or physical exertion is hell for me. I used to itch constantly, but my parents pay $300 a month for basically experimental medicine that keeps my skin under control in most situations. I'm a fat fuck because I can't exercise. My thigh hurts when I lift my knee above my waist. I look and feel like a 40 year old man. I eat uncontrollably due to boredom.

I hate my body. I'm thiccer than most people at my school. No muscle mass at all. I would lose a fight to a sentient paper bag. 

I've squandered every opportunity that has been given to me. I've quit band, drawing, programming, piano, photoshop, music production and probably life. I just don't have the motivation to do anything that would make me worth something. Now I just sit and play Pokemon showdown all day while trying not to think about life. 

The reason why I'm not telling my friends any of this is that I've unfairly depended on them for emotional support. I don't need medical help, I just need my life to be better. I need to restore reasons to live.

My PC's fan recently broke so I can't play video games that I'm actually decent at. Sitting around with nothing to do leads to thinking. Thinking leads to inevitable depression. My parents hate video games, and would probably disown me if they found out I still play them. I've played them in secret for more than a decade at this point. I'm barely old enough to work and there's no way I can afford to fix it. Not that I could get a job anyway. My hobbies are a part of my identity, and if my parents knew what I really was they would probably kill me. (They're Asians so they believe parents can do whatever they want to their children).

When I inevitably fail at life, I'll leave this world knowing my death will hurt the people that have made me suffer more than it will hurt me. 

Maybe I'll find something to live for before I graduate high school, but I doubt it.