Just another one ...Hello subreddit...

I'm going to start with I am possibly one of the most pathetic reasons you'll ever read why I to want to kill myself... and my story isn't sad at all to anyone- and it's very long to the point to where I guarantee no one will read it ... but I unfortunately have burned all my bridges as I didn't have enough time for the friends I had because I worked so much to be able to save and move... and it'd be nice to have my note (novel/story/autobiography ??? sheesh) already typed out somewhere so here I goooo.... 

I'm a 24 year old girl who loves to just make people smile, like my dad does. I have a jar with about $45 of purely tip money (I work at a print shop so I'm not even supposed to get tips, these were just the people that begged me to take it so I didn't want to hurt their feelings by saying no for the 8th time) that I save and only use the money to give to other people that truly need it. I've already given out $40 to homeless individuals this year. 

I'm usually as nice as I can be no matter how mean some people can get, because I know that you don't attract bee's with vinegar--  but I'm very terrible with words and making them sound the way I want them to. I've always had a problem with this...ever since I was a small child. I never sought help for it and I feel like if I did... things might have turned out a lot better...

Let's start off with current events: 

 I moved two hours away from my immediate family (the only 'support' I had left) to be with my on and off boyfriend of four years. I made this move in October of 2016. Let me start off by saying I love this guy.... a lot. Honestly too much. 
(No he doesn't die or get hurt or anything like that)

 He's here for graduate school and moved here about 2.5 years into our relationship. I told him I could never do a long distance relationship as I'm just not strong enough for them, but after 2.5 years I was already to the point to where I just couldn't let go. I stuck it out for a year and a half - 2 years and would work a part time job and it got to the point to where every single day I had off I would drive out the two hours to see him, and sometimes even drive two hours back the same night just to see him for an hour or so a week. It was a bit rare that I didn't stay the night, there were times where I spent 3-4 days, sometimes even a week, but most of the time it was only 1-2 days at most.

He told me that once I had about $2000 in my savings, and I could land a job here- he wanted me to move in with him. 
The problem is this dude is 29, and can't talk to his parents about anything. They're paying for everything- his apartment, his monthly allowance, his gas, they got him his car for free (his late grandmothers car) you name it. Now that's not saying he isn't capable of getting these things on his own, he's just been under his parents thumb from what I can assume his whole life- they aren't abusive or anything- but the relationship / marriage between his mother and father is honestly one of the worst ones I've ever seen that doesn't involve any sort of domestic violence. 

[ About his family-- skip ahead if you don't care too much-- His father is a lawyer with his own practice, but spends his money on literally everything he thinks is a good deal- I'm not supposed to tell anyone this but oh well: he ended up spending half a million dollars (I think ?) on a Yacht. A huuuuuuuuuge Yacht. That just sits at the dock in Florida. It didn't work when he bought it, it doesn't work now. It landed their family into a rather large amount of money issues / debt buying the thing, and now he has to pay docking fees every month. He provides for his entire family because his mother doesn't work and hasn't worked in over 20 years iirc. She just stays home and plays on her tablet all day and does laundry and cooking I believe. She's nice in person, but never really much cared for me.  Would never even allow me into her house when she hadn't even met me- even though I'd constantly drive out to see him and bring him goodies and things (he only lived about 30 minutes away) He has two brothers, one older: 32, and one younger: 27. The younger brother has high-mid functioning autism. Works at Little Ceasars- and then stays home and plays video games all day aside from doing little chores here and there. He's pretty darn cool, and although I've never seen it- I've heard can get pretty angry. His older brother is like the perfect specimen of Roid Rage. This dude is like Reptar on wheels- screams and cusses at his mom and shit- he went to medschool (what a surprise) and ended up losing his medical license or residency or something bad like that I think (not supposed to talk about that either so I'm just gunna leave it at that) so both of them live at home with the parents, but the older brother actually just got a residency in Arkansas or one of those states that starts with an "A" so I think he's moving out soon-I'm usually kept in the dark as far as his family matters- probably for the best. ]


I was the only one who told him he shouldn't go to gradschool- he didn't want to at all but thought that's what he had to do since his undergrad degree didn't enable him to really get a job anywhere (bio-science- idk his words not mine) I told him that I don't care if we lived in a trailer or apartment for 10 years as long as I was with him and we did it together blah blah- those stupid romantic words that don't seem rational in the slightest but I meant them with every ounce of my being....and still do sadly. 

Anyway- skipping on because I'm growing more tired by the second.
I got a job offer that paid me almost double what I was making, had $1500 in the bank, new (to me) car 2006 Hyundai Azera.

Within the first week of moving in, he couldn't possibly tell his parents - in fact- he couldn't tell his parents that we were a thing at all. So he hid that from them. 
He didn't let me know that he would be hiding this information from his parents until after the first week I moved in, I had to drop $200 on a hotel room for two nights because his mother was staying over for a few nights- and he couldn't possibly let her know that I was living there. 

Needless to say we would get in fights because if I were to come to him about anything he did that upset me, it was usually small things, it would usually start a chain reaction of just pure raw "you did this" and "you did that" that would get brutal- he never laid his hands on me excluding the times I begged him not to leave and he threw and pushed me to the ground. Aside from that we were the happiest peas in a pod together. We got on super well and had the same amount of passion for everything that we did together...

Any...way... 


I banked everything on this guy, the past 4 years, burned all my bridges, even planned my future around him- I didn't go to school (college) so that I could be around when he needed me for support. I work 40+ hours a week to support myself in this apartment I ended up getting near his because he told me that's what it would take, that it would make this work. He'll be so sweet and amazing and everything I fell in love with- do everything for me and just be amazing and supportive. Until I agree to dating him again........

As soon as I say "yes" or we classify each other as "boyfriend and girlfriend" he becomes a TOTALLY different person. And trust me- I can get pretty rowdy/bad at times -- but within the past few months he's said things like "you make me feel like shit" "you treat me like shit" "I just want you to treat me the same way I treat you" "I deserve better than you" and I've made sure to NEVER say things like that to him.... Every time we'd fight he'd just get up and leave or hang up on me and CONSTANTLY interrupt me. I can't even bring myself to tell someone they don't deserve me- it's not my right to say something like that... And I've had online friends (because they're easy to acquire with internet points !) tell me that he's no good for me, or that I need to leave him or I deserve better- but as soon as I would leave and find someone new he always came back. He always found a way to get me to come back, and I say that- but I've loved him more than I've loved anyone else before... and that's where I messed up I think.

He's lied to me point blank about dumb things for 4 years like "I'm really busy with schoolwork I don't have time to talk" and so I'll hop on my xbox to play something- and there he is online playing games for hours a day- which I couldn't literally give less about- but the fact that he's 30 years old and has felt the need to lie to me about this kind of stuff since almost day one ? The worst he's ever done was lie to me about looking at local craigslist porn ads (,: - so I'm not 100% sure if he's cheated on me but I don't think he'd ever do that kind of stuff but he sure did go through a lot of local hook-up ads while my google chrome was still signed in............. 

Anyway point is- I've allowed myself to go beyond rationale. Beyond the point of sane... Over this. I lose my mind all the time, I can't eat or sleep.... I can't find motivation in anything.
I'm letting him win... I tell him I need to talk to him and he tells me he'll have to let me know later when he's available (while he's playing xbox) - when we planned for days to hang out these days.

This is the same guy who would text me all the time and have amazing fun conversations- and now that we're "dating" he goes at least 4-10 hours a day without saying anything- and when he does it's just bare... "how's work" "have a good day" "I hope you feel better soon" "sorry you're upset"


I'm telling myself to hold on until Tuesday because that's when my father scheduled a therapist session for me... That's when I get to see my father again...
I hold the smallest amount of hope that if therapists can help people who have been through so much worse that it might work for me too but... I'm really hard to get through to me, it's so hard for me to find a good enough reason to convince myself I'm not just a waste of money or resources.

My parents would beat me as a kid... (SPOILER: that was unexpected) if I had bad grades or if I had a "bad attitude" they would hit me very very hard with whatever they could find over and over again. There was one time where I counted to 40 lashes and begged them not to do more than 42.......... He stopped at 42-- it was because I had 2 d's  on my report card.....which is bad yes I completely understand but.... maybe if the punishment would have been something else ? I don't know anymore... There was a time when I was 16 my dad drug me by my hair on the floor from my room to the livingroom (a good 15 ft I think) just because I stated that if he laid his hands on me I'd have to call the police... later that night when I was asleep he came into my room and sat on my bed crying... stroking my hair telling me that he was so sorry... I'd never not once laid a finger on my parents (okay I did once because my mom slapped me across the face so I slapped her across the face because after 16 years of this shit- but she knocked me on my ass so I learned my lesson) nor threatened them with anything other than my own safety. ^

My mother would constantly go through my diary or go through my room. I never did drugs or drank alcohol so I'm not sure why she would feel the need to do all of that stuff... there was one time that I knew she read my diary, so I wrote in it one night that "she's a bitch" and should "stop reading my stuff" (I was 11) and sure enough the next day after I got home from school I received another "whipping" which involved them beating my ass to the point to where I looked like I was about to pass out from crying so much.  I never stayed out or hung out with any bad kids (my parents wouldn't let me go anywhere until they had met the other person's parents first- this was the rule all of my life even through senior year of highschool) So needless to say I didn't have many friends because no one my age wanted to get their parents to meet mine just so they could hang out with me. I'm an awful artist because all I had to do was stay home and be alone and draw and watch TV most of my childhood... after drawing all these years I'm still not very good at it.  

I was raped as a kid (SPOILER: woah again ?) - and the first person I ever told was my ex boyfriend Alan - I didn't want to tell anyone else because it was a cousin who did it and I didn't feel like I was worth causing a rift in the family. Fast forward 6 years later - my mom dug through my stuff while I was out at my job on the special needs bus as a school aid (I loved that job &lt;3) and found a note Alan had written to me where we discussed it- she ended up screaming at me when I got home about it (out of no where) thinking he said my father did it- I explained to her that it wasn't him but I didn't want to talk about it because it happened so long ago and I never wanted to tell anyone about it in the first place (she did way more harm than good- instead of being sympathetic she was very mad that I never told her "how dare you" "I can't believe you" "you're disrespectful because you lie" etc. only much louder.....) She threatened me to tell her who did it- this lasted hours. I made her promise not to tell ANYONE, so I told her it was my cousin-- Matthew. 

Not 2 hours later she called matthew's mother and asked her to meet her for dinner the next day and told her.
Our families no longer talk to each other.

But now- I don't know what I'd do without my parents... I would have been gone months ago, honest.
About two years ago I was so sick of my mother's abusive way of speaking... talking to everyone especially me. . .

I grabbed a pair of scissors thinking if I would just threaten myself a little, a tiny cut - maybe she'd see that I'm serious.
Unfortunately I was way more upset than that, and the amount of pressure I applied landed me an ambulance ride, the scariest 14 day hospital stay ever, the most pain I've ever felt and 17 stitches.

BUT to be honest- I'd do it all over again because it worked.
My mother single-handedly transformed into the most amazing, sweet mother that I needed my whole life...Because of what I did. 

My brother that's 5 years younger than I is so talented, successful, and loved very much. He's got an amazing girlfriend, an amazing car, an amazing job and I couldn't be happier for him !

I'm very loved too- I was just never able to gather the motivation or courage as easily as he was. And to be honest with myself, I'm pretty sure I was a great distraction to my parents for them to lay off of him- they were always on me about "attitude" If I didn't respond with a clear robotic "yes mam" or "no sir" - if I ever tried to explain myself or stick up for myself- I got the belt. I assume they realized how it essentially ruined me as far as mentally- because they didn't do it with my brother. That and he learned quick I imagine. 


I'm just another one though... I'm not sure why a few of my friends died so early- why John died in a car wreck after graduating college- 

why the only friend I have left had to get cancer....I can't even be there for her, I can't even support her.

Why couldn't that just happen to me ? I don't have anything to be proud of.... I never accomplished anything...
I walked a few blocks home in the thunderstorm today... The car my mother sold to me was totaled a few months ago due to a wreck that was deemed "no one's fault"... I was soaked to the bone and have done absolutely nothing but bathe, and sit on the couch and stare at the wall while I write this... I've been home for almost 4 hours. I was able to buy that car because the sweetest guy in the whole world whom I've only met one time, gave me $3000 out of the bottom of his heart- to help me get a new vehicle. And hasn't asked for a penny back and still sends me money to help me... he spent over $700 just to meet me. . . (he lives in California)

But I... 
I'm going to stop... what's the point of writing all of this... 

I'm so sorry I couldn't be better. I'm sorry I let the small things overwhelm me. I'm sorry can't be strong like you Riley... you'll beat this cancer- I know it.

I'm sorry mom and dad, but I did this to myself you know ? I didn't learn fast enough and that's okay- you won't believe me- but it's not your fault. 

It's mine. 