I've Lost My Will to Live.I think my reason for wanting to die will piss some people off. But I need to write it down. I now rent a room in a house from an older lady.

I had a dog. She was my world. I never expected to grow so attached to anything, but here I am...

My dog was recently killed. She was hit by a car after wandering into the road at night.

That night, I had left my car at a mechanics. Having no car, I had no way to get to work. I was ready for a night in after calling out. I got a text from my friend asking if I wanted to go out to dinner. She was paying, so I said sure. I love to eat. When my friend's car arrived to pick me up, I rushed out the door because my dog started barking as she usually does. 

When I was out, my landlady got home and took her out. My dog got loose from her collar and walked away from my land lady. She called after her, but my dog would not listen and started walking down the road.

I got a message from the land lady saying my dog got loose and that she wandered out in front of a car. And that my dog was dead.

I went numb. And have felt numb ever since. If not numb than sadness. 

I didn't even say goodbye. I rushed out. And the reason she wandered down the road was because she was looking for me. She just wanted to be with her daddy. My dog was everything to me. She was my world. She was all I had that mattered to me. If I had just stayed home, she would be alive. 

I am lost without her. I really have no reason to continue on. If a doctor told me that tomorrow would be my last day, I would accept it with joy. I just want to be with my dog. If supernatural forces were real, I'd sell my soul just to see her one last time. To tell her how much I miss her, and how sorry I am for not at least telling her I'd be right back. 

When I got home, the lady had wrapped her in a towel and placed her on my bed. I broke down right there. Every time I close my eyes or get a moment alone I see her. Her little feet and her little body. Judging by the injury on her head, I can tell she at least didn't suffer when she was struck. The death was immediate. 

I don't want to exist in this world without her. I raised her from a puppy. She was my baby. And she's gone. 

I want to die. I just don't want to exist anymore.

I know how I would go if I so choose to end my life. It will be an overdose of either sleeping pills or liquid sleep aid. With alcohol. 

I want to end it so bad. Every moment I'm alive is a never ending wave of misery. 

but I can't do it...

My mother and my family would never understand. They see me as the strong one. My friends look to me for advice and see me as someone who is confidence in life. I know my death, especially if by suicide would destroy my mother. 

But I'm so tired... to the core of my being, I'm so tired. I wish I could just rest. just close my eyes and just drift away forever. I don't know whats beyond, maybe its nothing... but what if it iS something? What if I could see my baby again... its all I want. I just want to see my baby again. My life is empty without her. I just don't want to live anymore. Previous activities that used to bring me joy are now meaningless. My collection of things are just that now... things. I'm surrounded by things that I would gladly give up just to see my dog alive one last time. So I could at least hold her in my arms and tell her how much I love her... and to say goodbye. And to comfort her. That I'm sorry... I'm sorry I wasn't there... 

I've let so many others down. I don't want to go on anymore.. but I can't rest. 

