Merry Xmas!! I'm not going to kill myself, and I'm not looking for help. I was close but used strategies to easily talk myself into a place of comfort.I debated as to whether to use my throwaway or this one, but am a little buzzed so I thought I'd use my main.  
I have taken antidepressants for years and have had all kinds of talk therapy. I'm forty-two now and I have graduated from uni and since been teaching in Saudi for the last year and a half.  
I formerly identified myself as an alcoholic and recently decided that I am just a serious problem drinker (while knowing that I truly can't predict the outcome of my drinking and more often than not, it ends with me in trouble or making extremely bad decisions).  
Tonight, for the first time in many years (drinking and not) that I just feel that incredibly heavy darkness having fallen over me at the end of a night of drinking.  
There were no triggers other than the holidays to bring me down, but just a good, all pervasive drunk.  
I have thrice acted upon these feelings but the last time was terrrifyingly cliniical. I got really dark, and decided that the best option would be to just cut my wrist and peacefully bleed to death. when the room started violently shaking and I began to lose conciousness, I called 911 (cus I didn't want to feel that immediate pain anymore).  
I felt like that tonight. Not outwardly depressed, but just dark dark, and that it would be so easy to just end it. But, tonight I didn't want there to be any trace.  It felt shameful to be found in a blood, shittly situation.  I thought about just hanging myself and having it over with. As I thought about acting on these thoughts (after only minuntes), I realized that I don't want to be found that way, and more importantly that I've learned that I have the ability to easily change these negative thoughts and to spin them into something positive. Though, of course, it doesn't feel positive right away - I just know that, the shit WILL pass!  
So, I'm only a few moments away from those incredibly simple, calculating ideas of ending it all, but even tho I still feel it, I know, as I have proven, that I can just make an effort to change my perspective  
and I can easily walk myself out of these situations.  
Sometimes I'm frightened about my impulsivity, as that's made me react really really badly, at times, in the past.  
But I'm sure I will go to bed soon, and I'll wake up with a completely different frame of mind.  
For those dark depression sufferers: I feel for you. No, I mean I really feel exactly what you are going through.  
After years of therapy, meds, controllining addictions, etc., I know I have the tools to pulll it out unscathed.  
Holidays are always tough, and it's frightening to me (and I never frighten myself) that when I have this darkness come up, it seems so simple to just off myself in some convenient way. What I mean is that, I'm not crying, I'm not at the end of some terrible week of conflict, I'm not even sad. I just got drunk, had a great time with friends, then came home and thought, an easy death would be easy (meme?).  
Again, I'm not gonna do anthing rash, and there's nothing to worry about, because I'm practiced. ...................but, boy........sometimes it's not too far off!!!   
Hhahaha!! Merry Holllidays!!  
TL;DR - Depresssed. Thought of killing myself - which is not frightening to me.  But pulled it out. though I was momentarily scared.  
I hope those of you not as eperienced as me can take some solace in the fact that chaning your state of mind can make, trully. all the difference in the wourld!!!