I messed up good and there might not be any other wayMade a throwaway for this, can't risk it with my other profile.

I'll try to make this post as short as possible: so, one of the things I do best is pretending I'm fine when I'm not. Years of doing that and undiagnosed mental illness have led me to fear opening up to anyone in my family.

Anyway, I'd begun struggling with college two years ago, and pretty much lost all the motivation for it. But, my family values college and having a degree over pretty much everything else, and also having a sibling who has successfully gotten a degree doesn't do much help, either. I've been on something similar to a gap year this past year and pretty much wasted a year of my life pretending I was fine and getting worse, feeling empty and pointless and useless. Also, that decision didn't sit well with some of my family members, and there was a lot of tension rising from it and I was just feeling more and more awful. Flash forward to a few weeks ago, when I was (still) postponing getting back to my college responsibilities and struggling to find any willpower for them; then, a few days ago, a week perhaps, I decided that I would do something pretty shitty and selfish and that was that I would take another of those gap years, but tell family that I'd done my exams and was again going to lectures etc. I thought this: it would bring them solace and they wouldn't put the same kind of pressure on me, which would enable me to focus more, plus I had really gotten a new will to take next year seriously and work hard and catch up on my studies.

But then, yesterday, I discovered something I had no idea about, and it is that, with my current number of points (something specific to some colleges here), I am about to lose the right to continue with the studies. Karma is swift and strong, y'all.

So basically here I am, amid lying to my family that my studies are going fine and that I'm about to pass those few more exams I need to, while I'm actually on the verge of being thrown out of college.

I don't have the first clue about what to do and how to process this, even less about how to tell them the truth and tell them how I've been feeling for years now. The only outcome I can somehow envision is for me to just end it all.