no point im disabled i cant work i cant see i want to dieboth my parents are narcs my entire life i've been invalidated and gaslighted i've been raped twice and sexually assaulted a lot of times i'm disabled i have fibro and ra and im legally blind yet cant get disability because the disability system is so hard to even get disability without a disability lawyer, which i can't afford. my mom says she believes me and wants me to get better, but constantly makes statements that i'm "going to get better one day" and that she "misses the healthy me" which make me feel like shit, because fibro and ra cannot be cured, they are life time things. she wants me to work immediately and when i tell her i can't because it makes me be in so much pain i want to die and i cry every day and have panic attacks she rolls her eyes at me, but when she tells me how much she needs money to support my sister and her baby and our life (the four of us) she wants my sympathy and support and for me to suffer and get a job, anyways, while we wait for disability. i have a craft that i can do but it relies on my eyesight, almost any money i've been making through selling my craft i've been giving her, and she's been grateful but somehow makes me feel guilty for not giving more. anytime she sees me now she asks about how my craft is going and if i've sold any more, she hardly ever asks about me. i live with them but i hardly go outside my room at all but to use the restroom and eat, and sometimes when i go out of my room i'm treated with disdain and asked why i'm out there, when i've asked her not to use that particular phrase because it's hurtful she rolls her eyes at me. shes very dismissive. i understand it's hard for her to support a baby and the rest of the family on her own, and i do wish i could help or be on disability, but we can't afford for me to be on it because of the lawyer. i tried to apply for some part time jobs because i want to help, but i feel so tired and so sick already because of my medications, and i'm always in pain and crying even though i try to put up a brave face to my mom when i go out and tell her i'm fine because she's gotten very tired of me telling her i don't feel well and that i'm tired and offers solutions that aren't related to my illness, and often tells me what i said above and that hurts a lot so i try to not tell her i'm in pain or hurting when i am. i don't see the point in living anymore i'm so tired i have nothing i don't have any friends (i have a few ppl i talk to online but they're getting tired of me complaining all the time that i'm sick and that i don't have internet and can't do anything, i don't blame them at all in the slightest) i can't do things with my family, i can't go outside (for reasons other than my disability too ) what's the point of living when you can't do anything? i've lost all hope i just want to die but i can't other than starving myself to death literally bc there is nothing that we can use to hurt ourselves here 
idk what to do 