Helluva ride I'm going through...so I'm at the point where whenever my thoughts, the thoughts, flood in to the point of becoming unbearable, and they are bordering unbearable every waking moment of my life, in trying to hold on to my sanity, I focus on the thought of suicide and it is the only thing, in I don't even know how long, brings a genuine, real smile to my lips, the kind that actually makes you feel warm, fuzzy... Good... Like a good person. Impossible to describe if you aren't here and I know I'm not the only one. Then I calm down a bit but only for a little while because then the realization that this beautiful feeling of what being happy must feel like will be forever gone if I go through with it and... I won't even have that. Oh my God there won't even be that. And that kicks me back into the vortex. The storm of spinning thoughts, self loathing, self pity, disgust, sadness, etc., etc. You know the drill. You're all there.

Everything around me is crashing down and I can see through every even the smallest glint of hope that some part of my brain concocts for the future of my existence, I can see it as an utter lie, no more than a short lasting antidepressant pill. It's fake, pointless, stupid and the worst part I know it's not, I know it's how people go on, it's what life truly is but I can't accept it for what it is. Felling better to me translates to accepting a lie. Building a world, a life on a lie. 

I'm not really seeking help as I can't even imagine in what form could help possibly exist that'd make me substitute the truth that forms every neuron of my brain.

But back to the main issue at hand, thinking about ending it all - not simply thinking about it but actually reaching the point of action - is the only thing that makes me happy which in turn makes me not want to do it because I guess I still enjoy being happy and it's a ride that goes round and round and round... I'm only hoping I'll either get too tired of it (ASAP preferably) or that the happy part of the ride will win. But I don't see how.