Life is slavery and I hate itHey. M29.

I started having suicidal thoughts when I was 7, and they have persisted ever since. I've received multiple (unintentional) near-fatal injuries and illnesses, and I have 6 psychiatric illnesses (anxiety, adhd, antisocial personality disorder, major depression, OCD, and earlier, low-impact paranoid personality disorder). I was sexually assaulted by a guard in 2011, and raped in 2016.

Since I have no spontaneous empathy (aspd), I have never felt emotionally connected to other people, including my family, with two exceptions. I met the first love of my life when I was 19 and he was 15. We were a couple for about 2.5 years, broke up for a while, then moved in together and resumed the relationship.

And then he died in an accident in 2015.

Afrer that, I was completely alone in the world (from my emotional point of view, that is. I have a lot of great friends and a caring family, but, as I said, even though I care a lot about them, I don't 'feel' anything for them. I wish I could, but the best I can do is treasure them and act accordingly), until 2016. I attempted suicide when I was 17, 18, and then in 2015, after my partner's death. In 2016, I met an amazing person, whom I

Fuck it. I can't finish this. I just got a new job today, after having been destitute for about two years. I'm happy that I got the job, and I want to succeed at it. I had almost finished my law and economics degree when my bf died, and I still haven't finished it. I got de jure homeless in january, when I couldnt keep renting my student apartment, because I hadnt studied for so long, but I now have an overpriced apartment in which me, my 2 birds (the third had to be euthanised a few months ago), and my snake, live, and it's nice to live somewhere. 

This new job is basically a more basic job than server (no ill will or demeaning of servers, truly), and I hope to save up enough to do something with my life again. Either way, I know that someday they will be able to fix my brain and body, so I don't have to keep taking things like cyproterone, spironolactone, tamoxifen, mirtazapine, propiomazine, amphetamine, and oxazepam, just to stay alive and have basic functioning.

I just want to die, and just go back to before how it was before I was born, but I can't and won't do that to him, and to my family. Staying alive feels like slavery, but it's my only choice, and I promised I would.

I don't know why I wrote here. A lot of my friends use reddit, so maybe they'll find it, and then everything will be worse, but I can't be bothered to make a throwaway account.

I'm sorry for writing so much. I just wanted to write it somewhere, even if I didn't even finish writing half of it.