Today I hit rock bottomMy life was going absolutely perfectly, to provide some context I’ll tell you; I am a music major a top ten university, I worked my whole entire life to get here, from when I was 7 years old I was practicing 4 hours a day. Here I practice 8 hours a day, but for a while, it wasn’t enough. I had a very harsh professor who made a habit of hazing me. All but 6 of her students dropped out because of her tactics, and finally, after breaking down during a lesson because she called me pathetic, worthless, and incompetent after practicing 8 hours a day- I made a change. I mustered up the courage to go to my advisors and got changed to a new professor. He is wonderful. His students love me, I’ve made so many new friends, I feel at home. He recognizes my talent and fosters it. I’ve learned more in a week than I did during two years of my last teacher. I can say that I had finally found my place, that I was happy. He did tell me, due to my situation, that I was on thin ice- that his studio was full and I would have to work extra hard to secure a spot moving forward, which was a nonissue for me. To put it into perspective, I worked tirelessly for the past two years perfecting two Brahms rhapsody’s and a Beethoven sonata. Really, these pieces were my life. I would practice for 8 hours and then listen to the pieces all night long on my phone- and I memorized them- I perfected them. I was ready to play my jury, and finish strong. The final exam is in May, the absolute height of my career.

Today I went to the club with my new friends from piano and I bumped into a stranger that caused him to spill his drink. He raised his fist at me and I walked away, flicking him off as I left. It was stupid. 20 minutes later I had forgotten about the situation, someone put their hand on my shoulder and in an instant, in the middle of the club, that dude and 5 of his friends started punching me. I was covered in blood and I saw red. They broke my nose, they were laughing the whole time, pumping each other up. I bumped into them. That’s all I did. I didn’t hurt them. I saw red, after they walked away I went back and punched one of them in the back of the head. This was my fuck up- I got away after, but I broke the third and fifth metacarpal in my right hand, an injury with a heal time of 6 weeks. Past my final exam.

I know it’s over now. Everything I worked for my whole life, just when it was all going so good... it ends. In an instant. I’m 19 years old and I’ve been working on this since I was 7. I know I’m fucked. I know. I had this same injury last year, I punched my steering wheel after failing an exam. Fucking stupid. I barely passed my jury, the injury was less severe, and I had an extra month of time to heal. 

I hate myself so much. I hate myself. I feel like I’m all alone. I feel like it’s over. Im a fuck up, a failure, a whole life’s work- gone in an instant. I’m hopeless. When I go to sleep tonight, I pray, even though I won’t do anything, I pray and I only want- to never wake up again. My shame is so deep. 12 years I’ve worked, 12 years, art schools, university auditions. 12 years up to this pre-professional jury. A whole career. Now what? I do not know. My study abroad trip to Vienna? Gone. My music scholarship? Bye-bye. Flipping burgers is the life I’ll be given. Because I’m a fucking idiot who blew it. 