What Do I Even Do...I thought about making a throwaway for this... But I figured that it wouldn't even matter if people I knew found out.

I have been depressed for close to 8 years. It comes and goes so it's kind of hard to think that it's been that long. 8 years of wanting to kill myself. 8 years of self hate and feeling worthless. 8 years of wondering why I'm alive. I'm not happy anymore. I have no more goals in life. I have nothing that makes me enjoy life anymore. I wake up and everything feels fake. I've graduated from high school, gone to post secondary, I've experienced what it's like to work. I have had hobbies and relationships but none of it feels like it matters. The hobbies that in the past used to make me feel "happy" no longer do. Now that I think about it, it was more like I was just trying to distract myself. 

I hate being alone. I can't stand being alone. All it does is make me hate myself more. I've talked to people before, regular friends, and even people I know who are psychiatrists. In the end all it really does is make me feel like nobody really cares. It seems more like people are reciting comforting lines. 

Before, I couldn't inflict self harm. I was scared and hated pain. Lately though, I've noticed it has become easier and easier. I am still scared, but I can still do it... A little at a time. 

I've always done things for others. My life was laid out in front of me and I just followed it. I don't know what I wanted to be when I was younger. I don't know what I want to be now. But that doesn't matter since I've gone to school for what I was told to become. It doesn't feel fulfilling though. I've always done my best in school simply because I was told to. 

I hate being alone, but I can't stand being with people. In the end it feels like everyone is being fake with me. "Of course I care" but as soon as I need to talk to someone they dodge me like the plague. I want to talk to someone but nobody ever really cares. I don't even know why I'm typing all of this. Maybe I just feel like I should write down what I want to say before I end it.

I feel empty, sort of like what little spark of life I had in me has slowly gone away throughout the years. Dying seems really good right about now.