I need help, how do i ask for it?really hate to be posting on /r/sw but i guess i have too, i m 17 and i feel like killing myself at least 10 times a day, ever since about a year ago i felt this way and i acted the way most people would, i keep suicide hotline numbers on my phone everywhere i go and keep trying to tell someone but i can't. I actually don't mind my life that much, its okay, it'll get better after high school but i just don't think ill make it that far. I can't drive, i have my licensed but i m afraid i ll crash into something to try and die. 

I was going to tell someone a few months ago, i thought i would get help but there is no one to tell. I read a book about a teenager who called 911, but i couldn't do that, it would look like i just want attention. I've always been a big disappointment to dad so i can't tell him, i hate all my teachers and most of my friends are pain in the ass'es. I very close to my grandma but it would break her heart if i told her about how much of a problem i have just getting through the day.

When i look at colleges and get all that crap in the mail i always, always think instantly Good thing i ll be dead before then. 

i don't really WANT to kill myself tho, i find the whole thing kinda disgusting and I've been raised that it's really a cowards way out. I just always feel like its the only thing i can do you know? 
I also feel that if i killed myself i'd get a lot more respect than i would just going to some stress clinic that might not even help me.

I can't go more than about 2 days of feeling normal without getting too frustrated at a video game or on the verge of crying in class without thinking about the how massive of a success it would be if i was gone and everyone finally understood how shitty i felt.

The only real plan i have is that i thought if i got mad enough in chemistry, if my teacher made me feel really stupid or i had some dumb group project or something, that i would just get up and leave the classroom (something I've been dying to do since like the 3d grade) and jump off the 2'd story  of my school, it's as high as it goes and it might not hurt me at all, might just give a concussion, but i figure i'll never have the balls to get sissors (wow i just yelled at my monitor cuz spellcheck wouldn't find Sissccors or however you spell it i m not gunna google it.) anyway, get sissors anywhere near my skin and use them to hurt myself. 

TL;DR - i don't want to kill myself, i just think i have to