My topic went ignored on the depression subreddit... please don't ignore it here.I wouldn't exactly say that i'm at risk for committing suicide (due to some other things), but it's something I think about every day and would go through with it if there weren't any strings attached. I get no pleasure from pretty much anything except for eating, and even then, there's guilt attached to it because I don't need the weight gain... Honestly, my life has been a trainwreck, and I feel so alone/isolated that it brings me near constant despair. I don't really see any way of actually changing any of the circumstances in my life, and that doesn't help how I feel, either; even my therapist and psychiatrist are stumped on how I could actually turn things around. I've been a shut-in ever since I graduated high school back in 2013, and I can't even go out in public without needing to cling to my mom as a security blanket. I know how pathetic I am.   


1. My parents kept me isolated while growing up; not on purpose, but rather more because of the fact that they never have socialized themselves all that much and viewed it as a bother if me or my sister wanted to go visit someone from school, for example. They never felt a need to do it themselves, so they thought we didn't need it, either. What this more or less amounted to was that I never really had a chance to develop a proper foundation in terms of socializing.
2. My family has had money issues the majority of my life, and the stress it's caused has been the cause of many arguments, in addition to the other worries associated with not having a lot of money. It helped (though not alone in doing so) give me an aversion to confrontation. 
3. My father had always had a very severe temper. He would yell and scream   and curse at us for things that nowhere warranted that kind of reaction. He'd throw things, turn tables over, pull out a weapon, etc. I didn't feel safe when he was at home and not at work, and I felt as though I constantly had to walk on eggshells.
4. I  had to struggle with accepting being trans, and that struggle was only worsened by the fact that my family was pretty hardcore anti-LGBT while I  was growing up. My dad said we wouldn't have a home if we were even just gay, so I could only assume that being trans would be received with the same anger or worse. 
5. I   live in (and grew up in) a very backwards, conservative area. Most   people aren't very accepting around here, and there's very little diversity. The area itself is also very rural. very small, and generally   very poor, having no opportunities of any kind.
6. In an effort to hide being trans, I convinced myself into being someone   that I wasn't. Most people didn't like this persona, and it led to...
7. Frequent bullying, and me becoming bitter/angry in response. My reaction only made people hate me even more.
8. I had no relationship with my family at all as I climbed into my teenage   years, and I also didn't have any friends. The bitterness and anger eventually gave way to self-hate, depression, and giving up with people   in general.
9. In high school, the bullying gradually started to cease, but it gave way to people pretty much ignoring my existence. I spent most of my time   alone, which was very hurtful. My anxiety just kept worsening as I   drifted further and further into complete isolation.
10. I reached the point with my dad where he would just randomly come and pick fights with me, and it often resulted in saying things like "I want to haunt you after I die", I don't want you at my funeral", "don't  call  me dad anymore". It was very hurtful and scary. Our relationship has improved since then, but i'll never be able to forget all of those   things that already happened.
11. I've continued to remain friendless ever since graduation, and the closest thing I ever had to a real friend (which lasted for maybe two months) abandoned me without even saying why.
12. I have to carry with and deal with the general societal stigma that  being  trans gives me. There are accepting people out there, but a lot  of  people view trans people in general as an abomination or a pervert.   Being trans is hard enough to deal with on a personal level, but when you have society piling further things onto you, it can be a real   challenge.
13. I  have no hopes or dreams. I wanted to be a video game programmer when I was younger, but taking a programming class squashed the dream into nothingness. I just wasn't any good at programming and didn't enjoy it; I had to do things I wasn't proud of to even pass the class.