I want to kill myself when my parents die.Throwaway account. The title pretty much says it but here’s a little bit of a backstory.

I always had this thought in the back of my head, but this is the first time I’m ever talking about it. My mom had been my best friend for the first 6 or 7 years of my life. She was the best mother anyone could ever ask for. Then things got really bad, and we had a rocky relationship from that point up until a few years ago. I’m 21 now. She left us when I was a kid, because she could never be emotionally or physically stable. She had a lot of unresolved trauma from her horrible childhood that caused her to be very short tempered, off and on drugs, and an awful wife and mother there at the end of her being in our house. My parents were always fighting, and she ruined every holiday. She would even get in physical fights with my sister. After she left, I remember telling myself that I couldn’t care less if she wasn’t in my life, or if anything happened to her. 

My mom got diagnosed with stage 3 colon cancer  in early 2017, and beat it in late 2017. We were able to create a relationship again during this time. She has never taken care of herself health wise, just because she simply didn’t have the money to go to the doctor or eat good, healthy food. She’s also a 30+ year smoker. My mom is sick again. We’re in the process of doing tests to figure out what exactly, but we’re all sure that the prognosis is lung cancer. I just recently lost my uncle to the same thing, and her symptoms are identical. She isn’t doing well. I’m afraid that I will lose her this year. I’m a spiritual person, and pray constantly, but very few people survive this disease. 

I am extremely close with my dad. After my mom left when I was younger, he became my best friend. He is the best dad and person I know. I talk to him all the time, and we’re always going out to eat or going shopping and spending time together. He is the most loving father to my siblings and I, and has always done everything in his power to take care of us and make us happy. I know that when he retires, I will take care of him and he will have his own little apartment in the back of my house. I think that when he dies, I won’t have the ability to live anymore. I couldn’t kill myself when my mom passes, because I couldn’t bear the thought of putting my dad through that grief. But when I lose both, I just can’t go on. I can’t imagine a life where I don’t have them. I always thought that the sadness would just kill me, but I don’t want to wait for that to happen. When my parents die, I will kill myself.