You people are amazingMother of god. I've been reading through a number of the comments on some posts, and what you people have done is genuinely amazing. I just found out about this subreddit and I think it will help me out with where I am in life...

So, to begin with, yes I have constant thoughts of suicide, but no, I don't believe I could do that to myself directly... instead, I often am intentionally careless so that something may happen to me that would ultimately end it, as in driving recklessly, etc.

So, I believe that I am just simply Incredibly depressed...

I'm currently a highschool senor and I've been having quite some issues with grades, not that they are bad, but they simply arent good enough... see, I, by virtue of who I am, am applying to some pretty academically challenging schools, so I need impeccable grades to get into them, and if I don't get into said schools, well that would just make matters worse for me...

To make it worse, aside from all the stress I put upon myself, my mother is a fuxking maniac; she demands that I be perfect in all ways possible, almost to a psychotic level... she is much too overcontolling (and I've told her that a number of times, but she simply brushes that off). My dad isn't much better: he's out of town most of the time for businesses so when he is in town he is often uninformed of what's occurring at home, and often gets quite inebriated in the evenings, and proceeds to harass me in various ways, despite that I'm a good 8 inches taller than he.  I do frequent a psychiatrist, but I feel as if we only address my mother's needs, not mine...   we only converse on a very shallow level, and typically it feels as if she is reprimanding me...

I've tried, tried so hard to branch out to my peers, the teachers who actually care for me, but I often hold myself back... see, the school I go to is very preppy, its all about self image, and if you tarnish your own image by admitting a weakness such as that, people will take that, and run with it... at times, its a very hostile environment...

Furthermore, my social life is very... well its not where I wish it Was, where I think it could be... I go to an all guys school very far away from where I live, so a sexual-esque relationship is virtually out of the question, and since many relationships were Already in place in my class before I came to the school, I'm a bit of a loner... especially when it comes to hanging out... I have no social life... which is depressing because I think i am totally capiablr of having a decent one... even more disappointing is that I don't have a girlfriend yet, my psychotic mother often pressures me into dating, often into dating girls I either abhor or am total disinterested in from around where I live. (And, not to be haughty, but I think I'm a rather attractive guy who could be great to a deserving gal).

Lastly, as I noted earlier, I have had a number of falling outs with my family... on holidays I'm often reclusive. When my parents get to be overwhming, I often disappear for a few days. Like this past thanksgiving I disappeared for the entire week... ended up showing up at my cousin's after my immediate family had left out of town... and this isn't the first tike this has happened...


Anyways, I think once I go to college, everything will be much better... but I still need to get though the next few months.... any help, advice, anyone to talk to would be wonderful. 

Thank you all for your time.