I had my second suicide attempt some minutes ago, I tied my neck and untied. I don't know what the hell is stopping me...I was only 11 when I dreamt about suicide for the first time. The reason was my parents wanted me to wear certain religious clothes even though I didn't want to (I know that's a weird reason)

Then I got over it but had many reasons led me to suicidal thoughts (Like low exam marks, bullies, etc...)

Now I'm 16, in the beginning of this year I was feeling so empty. I don't even know the reason why I was depressed at that time (I'm chronically depressed so don't remember the reasons often) I wanted to get overdose painkillers but I got 5 then I stopped. Sat down and cried. I don't know what stopped me

Nowadays I've been feeling so empty again. I still have troubles with my parents about religious stuffs. I decided that they wouldn't love me if they learn I'm not a member of their religion, they would even kill me. So I don't believe in their love, and they always tell me "No one loves you as much as us" but my parents both love me for benefits. No religion no daughter. It made me feel numb. I don't even want to talk with my parents, I can't even talk to them. I don't know what to talk with them. 

Tonight my mom came to my room, I couldn't even say "Hi" I could only say "This room is so small you had better leave" so she angrily left and said "Be happy with your phone"

I feel numb. I don't feel something against people, everything seems so cold. My mom went to her bedroom, then I grabbed my bathrobe belt. Tied my neck, wanted to tie the other part to the ceiling but my hands started shaking. I couldn't do that. I couldn't get my guts to do that. My body was just shaking. I was thinking about nothing. (Ah stupid me forgot even writing a suicide letter) if I had written a suicide letter and told them I'm an atheist then committed suicide, they would be angry instead of being sad. Maybe didn't even let my corpse be buried. So what would they feel after I die is nothing to me.

I don't know what stopped me, I'm seriously angry with myself. I'm 16 only years old and my life will continue like this, depressed all the time. I don't want this, I want to get rid of this as soon as possible but I can't do it. 

P.s: I was going to say "Encourage me to commit suicide" but inside my heart there was a sound saying "Hope some people may give me advices about my chronical depression" then it doesn't even mean I want to kill myself. I'm too confused, yes I want to die but I don't want to die as well. I don't know what to do, now I'll just go and sleep 💔