I'm tired, I'm thinking I'll finally stop.I've never posted anything like this or really gotten into too much detail out loud, but I feel like I need to just put it out there to someone, somehow.

It's been 20 years since I first thought about ending things. At that time it was the bullying and mental and emotional abuse that pushed me to the edge. The effects of those things have never gone away. 

My reasons for continuing have varied over the years. For a while I didn't want to hurt my mom, then there was a stretch where I didn't want to give anyone the satisfaction of knowing they finally managed to break me. After that there was a period that I really just figured my health would take care of it for me, but alas I'm still here. 

I haven't had a birthday I expected to reach by any stretch of the imagination in 15 years. Wandering through life completely empty is exhausting. Despite working past many of my social issues growing up, it has become increasingly clear that I really don't fit anywhere. When you couple that with the reality that I am simply insignificant when considering a universal scale, it is becoming harder and harder for me to find a reason to continue prolonging the inevitable.

At this point, my family has their own things to do, my wife is chronically negative, my work is neither fulfilling nor interesting and it has been overwhelming for a while but still gets worse by the day. Generally speaking I've been told multiple times that I've been nothing but a disappointment throughout my entire life. 

At this point I have basically no friends and only a few relatively "close" acquaintances, my wife could seemingly easily find someone to be happier with, no kids to be worried about, and my family is too busy to care or will have things simplified if I'm no longer holding them back. 

With all of that to consider, I'm running out of excuses at this point. I'm tired of carrying this pain, darkness, and emptiness. I just want it all to stop. It's been a long time since I gave up on finding happiness. There's just nothing left for me in this life. I'm exhausted. I need to rest. I just want calm.  

Maybe there's something after this life. Maybe not. Either way, I fail to see a down side in trying something different. So many seem to get so much from this life, but I'm sadly just not one of them.

Am I missing something, or is the same stale, empty daily grind all there is? What else is there? If I should keep going, why? Can anyone help me understand? What's the point of all of this? This load is so damn heavy and I'm just so tired.