So... In a mood today.So this is me writing a post that may or may not be applicable here. the mods can remove it if they decide it should be removed, so if anyone is reading this, the mods must have decided it is OK here (assuming a few days have passed to give them time to see it).

Anyways.... The reason I say it may not be applicable is because I don't think I really plan on attempting suicide (again). I have tried multiple times in the past for various reasons, but it never seemed to kill me. I tried to OD on sleeping medications (twice) and slept for three day straight the first time(two months worth of pills). The second time I didn't have as much (one and a half months worth) and just woke up the next day really tired still. I tried to OD on caffeine pills (I took an entire bottle of them because the caution label said taking more than the recommended dose could cause heart attacks) and ended up vomiting for a week.

Before people say I wasn't actually trying because all I did was OD, let me explain why. I don't live near any tall buildings or cliffs, so that was out of the question. I don't own a gun or have access to one, so, again, not an option. I don't want to end up disabled but still alive, so I can't slit my wrists in case I mess up some nerve endings somewhere. Basically, I'm a wimp.

Basically, I don't think I'm a risk, but I have been having a LOT of thoughts lately. That being said, I don't see the point of anything anymore. The main thing stopping me from attempting again is lack of a surefire way (Like I said, I don't want to fail and be worse off than I am now), so if I find one my stance on the matter might change. I don't even care about making people sad anymore or the promises I made to people I used to know, they'll get over it.

I don't know anyone accept my family (I occasionally talk to people online, but that's like a sentence or two a month, if that), who I wouldn't even talk to if I had my own place as I don't fit in with any of them. I don't have a car, so I can't meet new people if I wanted to. I have really bad social anxiety; I just about had a panic attack asking my uncle if I could use him as a reference on a job application. I would go back to school so I had some skills to have a better chance of getting a job, but I have no money. I've been living with my mother (who is on disability and spends most of her time sleeping) for the past year (I'm 23) trying to find a job, without any success, so I pretty much spend all my time sitting in my room. 

I just don't even know anymore.

EDIT: I posted my basic life story in r/lifeinapost the other day, so if that interests anyone it's there. 