I've hit rock bottomI'm 21, back in 2015 I was hit by a car that has left me with heavy PTSD and depression. I moved down to FL with my partner in 2016. I got a job and thought things were going to be fine. My last job was alright, granted I was new to being so fragile and easily frustrated. This new job however was at a theme park with thousands of more customers and it was a nightmare. I started to get badly depressed, agitated and only found comfort doing manual labor away from everyone. I tried ro explain these new feelings with my employer and seek help but both got in the way of my work and no one really listened to me. I ended up getting in trouble and decided to quit that day due to neglected attention on my problems, they said they listed me as 'can be rehired' but I found out that was a lie. 

Then I got a new job, I was excited but after the first few weeks I got sick badly and more depressed. I brought up that I believe the accident gave me PTSD and depression and my manager treated it as if it was compared to him having a few days of sadness. "I'll let you have time off to see." This was a good thing, I could try to find help. I took the time and found I had PTSD and major Depression as well as immune illness that takes a toll on my health when I get stressed. This new job was hella stressful. I was at a call center and dealt with people who made small problems out to be life ending. As well as people with real problems that I couldn't help. I would cry on most calls and get frustrated. I tried talking about it and I got the common, "You need to get over it." Again no help. I had to take time off by calling in sick a lot due to my depression getting so bad. My body felt like lead trying to get out of bed to go to work. 

I tried to call HR and email them several times trying to explain what happened. My partner who was working at the same job but much longer, over a year, was taking the same time off because he was afraid I was going to go through with killing myself, I almost did a few times. 

We went to work and was informed we were both fired. Me because apparently my time off was actually being laid off and rehired. So they counted the time between that and now as time I worked and I only showed up for a week between the end of March and now. We used the call off line but they don't have records of it. So they fired us under no call no show. 

Now my partner worked for then over a year, he would have had PTO. They agreeded and the lady said she would look into it. My parter had to call her back and she gave a cold "Already filled the paperwork so nothing I can do." Bullshit. I understand firing me but he didn't deserve that. 

Now I feel even worse, we got fired yestersay and we have bills to pay and a snake to feed and it's all my fualt. 

My partner says it's his for using my depression as time off and not just going to work. But if I didn't have these problems in the first place we would be fine. 

We were listed as terminated and unhirable. I'm scared how that will effect us getting jobs. I tried to apply to the military, but my shellfish allergy is apperently a no. 

People see me as lazy, don't understand and doctors I can afford (don't have insurance) only wnat to shove medication in my face and send me on my way. The meds do not help, they make me worse, so much worse. 

Right now my partner is speaking with family, family who don't like me or my snake. They would want the snake yone if we move in with them, I can't do that. He's family and has never hurt anyone, I've had him since he was just a little noodle. I can try to ask to move in with my dad but I doubt that will happen since he is very busy, and I don't wanna go back to the home that has emotionally and physically abused me and is the other half of my anxiety problems. 

Now I don't know what I am going to do. I am of course looking for jobs but just for manual labor. I'm an artist and a good one, thinking about doing commissions to make extra money and maybe focus on that instead. 

But I'm so close to throwing in the towel. My mental health has costed me so much, costed us so much. I feel helpless and as if I should just vanish. I've been starving myself too, idk why I do but I feel like I don't deserve food or water. I wish I could kill myself and get it over with but I don't know what happens when we die and I am a pansy to pain, those hold me back.

I've also tried to look into disability and Stamp benifits to help us but have come up empty handed or w/o replies. 
I have proof of the accident and injuries.

Not only that but I have a crap ton of debt, debt from art school and debt from hospital visits due to feeling like I was dying from a panic attack.

I'm scared, really scared. Idk how we are going to make enough money for rent and bills...

Why keep trying to climb the ladder when I keep getting knocked back down?