I dont really know what to do.I'm not suicidal, now but I'm afraid i will be again. About 5 years i was with a girl that i thought i loved and i thought loved me back, at least i first, slowly i started to realize that she did have any feelings for me, and she was just using me for her own pleasure. and I didn't leave, to this day i don't know why i didn't. and i hated her. and about 9 months after we started "dating" i was driving her car and we were pushed off the road by a drunk driver and she died. i had blamed myself for her death and considered myself a murderer for years and was going to take that to my grave. However then i met my current girlfriend(the first one since the accident) and she was the first person i had ever told and she helped me more then anyone has my entire life. i can honestly say that i love her and  am planning on marrying her. however, a couple days ago she started to talk to an old friend of Facebook, an old crush she told me later. And shes getting stronger feelings for this guy and yesterday, late Christmas night, we had a fight about him. probably the worst we have ever had, we don't fight much. And things came out in anger and she doesn't seem uncomfortable at all with going completely nude in front of him. and she made it pretty clear that if i try and moderate what she does with her friend that she would break up with me. I don't know what i would do if i broke up with her, she is really the only person i can really open up to. I also don't know if I'm being overprotective or not. having very few relationships. one thing i left out was after the crash i was an unemotional stone wall, and hid away not feeling very little and became suicidal. And when my current gf came into my life she pretty much had to teach me how to feel. a very long process. and now being new to a lot of emotions. i am extremely emotional and I'm afraid i will be suicidal. and I'm not the kind of person to say if u leave me i will kill myself, but honestly i think i might, that or become unemotional again. so thanks for reading and any comments or support would be appreciated.

Edit: If u want me to explain anything in finer detail, i will. as long as im comfortable with it.