On the lowest disability pay in the country, my current guardian isn't being helpful, on a terrible diet, and about to lose all my friends.I am Jack_Y_Zhang from Twitter. I've lost hope in myself and others have lost hope in me, so much so that they're all ignoring me cause they want me to be beaten into shape to become a man and just man up.

I have Asperger's syndrome. I was raised "spoiled" so I have no life skills of my own. Combining that with the fact a major blow to my confidence happened when I was not allowed to continue my post-secondary schooling due to strong Autistic behavioral traits interrupting the learning environment. I haven't regained my confidence toward independence since that happened in 2010.

I was recently put on Mirtazapine. I started with a low dose Feb-March and that had some side effects that lined up with what was listed, but the important thing was I stopped seeing what was wrong in myself and stopped seeing what I was doing wrong. To my depressive mind surviving on instinct, this was extremely dangerous. How others judge me I value a lot, because I've had gossip destroy me before.

My grandpa passed away in March after I got off my first dose. The family suffered divergence cause our original family is from China so everyone was disjointed in airline ticket costs. My diet has not been helped by my only working guardian unable to provide many meals. Due to aforementioned lack of skills, I don't have the skills to do stuff on my own.

I live in a province that only gives $906CDN in disability pay. $700 of that now goes to room to stay with my guardians. The only way I could gain experience in my area of expertise is to do stuff for free and use the $200 to fund lodging at the places I volunteer my expertise to. Though with all these family emergencies stacking up, my $200 is being cut into a ton, so much so I haven't been able to maintain a proper diet.

I started a stronger dose of Mirtazapine recently, with strengthened side effects. I tried to hike with a daytrip to a scenic hiking spot, but the diet plus the effects of the Mirtazapine meant I could have easily slipped. The bad relationship with the only working guardian hit a climax recently, with him constantly referring to me as retarded, and even pointing out to a McDonald's cashier that I was retarded on that same day trip.

At that point, I feel like I just can't take it anymore. I can't live up to people's expectations, I've shamed my family, I shamed my friends, and I just don't matter to the world, and it wouldn't care if I perished. I stopped my doses and just want fate to end up killing me in it's cruel ways.

Friends keep saying "The solution is right in front of you." which involves the maximum amount of pain to someone in a situation like mine. In the meantime, I have my social workers saying I need to stay happy the way I am, but society just wants me to conform into the whole white collar salary earning type. The pressure has become so much, and the added confusion that my social workers are throwing in makes the situation even more hopeless.

I've previously gone missing and my guardians continue to think I'm acting everything out, so they keep calling the authorities causing grief for all of my friends. They never realize I'm in pain and I just needed time away from everything.

I was close to running away hours ago but opted to sleep in. But due to the "kid crying wolf" effect, my Twitter has had no support but rather people just bailing, ignoring and just not giving a damn.

Any action by my guardian seems to reverse all progress cause he's being incredibly traditionalist. I don't know where to turn to for help anymore.