I feel very stuck. I feel like I should be able to handle this.It’s hard to say what exactly is getting me down. It’s definitely 100% related to my current job. I think it’s because I feel so trapped. I’ve quit jobs that I don’t like in the past, I was rocky financially for a while, but there was nothing holding me there. Now, I have insurance and a way to slowly pay off my debt. Without a job I won’t have either of those things. I ask people for advice they tell me to keep it- for experience, for resume, for reference, for insurance, for income, etc. But I don’t want to do it. 

Am I just being a petulant child? Thinking about this job makes my stomach twist and turn, giving my cramps and constipation. Doing it is exhausting even though all I do is sit and talk on the phone. I want to quit it right now, but I can’t deal with all the disappointed looks I’m sure to get.  Plus, what *am* I doing to do? I don’t think this should play into it, but maybe I should call someone, potentially go to the hospital while I *do* have insurance. I currently talk to an therapist but we’ve only covered incidental things, we haven’t gone very deep- mostly my fault.

I don’t know what to do. I feel like I should be able to handle this, but my crushing debt and crappy job make me question whether there’s really anything that would make me happy or satisfy me. I have no goal, school has failed, my national guard “career” is a total joke- I barely scrape by there. Every bit of “advice” I get from family or friends just infuriates me “keep it a little bit longer” “just work hard on finding another job” “that’s not so bad”. I don’t know why this well-meaning advice makes me so anxious and angry but it just seems to multiply how stuck and depressed I feel. 

I take wellbutrin, and I’ve been keeping up with it, but it doesn’t seem to do much for me. I can’t sleep at night because I’m thinking about how much I hate my job, then I am exhausted during the day, giving me slim to no energy to try to fight these depressed feelings which build up, creating a cycle that doesn’t seem to stop. I don’t know if this is major depression, SAD, dysthymia, or what, but I’m tired of it. I couldn’t do anything to myself now, in my parents’ house, while they’re home, but. .I’m not sure in the future. I feel like nobody takes how depressed I am seriously, I’m not sure I know how seriously to take it. It just doesn’t feel right.