Depression Fucking Sucks :'( [My Fucked Up Life Story] sorry that its long to read but idk what else to do anymoreSo I have been depressed for as long as I can remember. I dont have a lot of good memories to begin with or most of the bad ones just outweighs the good to the point I cant even remember the good ones anymore. My childhood wasn't so great my parents were really abusive to me at the time but in my mind n how i was taught, i cant tell anyone about it. in elementary, I wasn't really smart too n when I get the answers wrong in addition n subtraction with time, or multiplication n division, my parents beat me for not understanding it n it makes me have to learn everything by myself n cant really on anyone for help, no matter how much I needed it. I also get bullied a lot, hardly got any friends, n teachers don't do shit except giving me detention, suspend me, n put me in special ed bcuz i guess at the time, they were being racist to asians. im not sure but im kind of like the only asian in that school. n my parents didnt do shit either. they just beat me for being in trouble when im the one being bullied. middle school, my cousin was kind of popular at the time, he basically pushed me away cuz i guess im a loser. one time a kid stabbed me in the back with a wooden pencil n as i was lying on the ground bleeding, everyone just walked over me. nobody helped me, not even the teachers n i was late for class cuz i was busy being hurt. nurse teacher looked at my back n just gave me a bandage. didnt even put it on for me. so i had to go to the bathroom n there is still a piece of lead stuck in my back. i literally had to dig it out of my back myself. high school i had to pretend to be someone that im not to make friends. i did at first, but i was hang with a bad crowd. at the time during my freshmen year too, i was bullied n i almost died when i was pushed down right at the street. my anger went so bad, i put the guy who bullied me in the hospital due to self defense but i was severely pissed. luckily i got away with it somehow. during 10th grade, 1 friend of mine who i thought was like a bro to me, i let him borrow my bike so he can get home, n i realized he moved away a day after. my parents beat me up for it. then they realize the school is a bad influence due to gang related students there, they moved me to a different school where there r also gang related kids there. i befriended this one person but in his group, 1 guy doesnt like me where he spread rumors of me being a pedo n a faggot bcuz he saw me going to tutoring n talking to kids. the place i get tutored at is all grades. so the guy i befriended hates me bcuz he believed the guy n 1 day when we ran a mile, he tried to push me down the bleachers. i couldve got seriously injured. n ever since the guy who spread rumors about me starts bullying me. this is where i had trouble trusting people n becoming more anti social n the people who were trying to be nice to me, i pushed them away bcuz i cant tell anymore. a year later, 1 day during PE, my team were going against the team where my bully is at n hes been wanting to fight me. i told my PE i dont feel like playing n i told her the reason. she made me play anyways. n i knew from the very beginning, he punched me in the face out of nowhere. i got so much rage in me, i charged right to him. n thats the thing about teacher. they dont give a shit if students were being bullied. u tell on the teacher they dont do shit really, n i learned that since elementary so i have to learn how to defend myself at the case. i got suspended for 3 days n my parents punished me for defending myself. n the thing about my parents is that they only care about me doing well in school. what ive been feeling, how much pain i go through, theyre never been aware of it. during college, it got better for me. i made great friends where i can finally get to be myself for once even when im still confused about who i wanted to be. but my parents has been still giving me shit. the one time i finally make friends, they try to rip that away from me. one time i asked my mom for help, which is finding my bank account number cuz idk how bank account works at the time, she took advantage n look through my statements n judge in front of me how much i was spending. i was 22 at the time n she has no rights to go snoop around my statement. i asked her for help to find my number, not look through my statements. i couldnt trust her for anything anymore cuz i did caught her in the past trying to steal a bit of money away from me n throwing away my clothes when i am still wearing them n she still does it. my dad wasnt being so great with me either cuz he left me out in the open 3-5 times as a kid by myself while he was busying gambling his money away. n when i was around 20 years old, we got into an argument n he straight up told me that he wished he n my mom couldve aborted me when he had the chance. it broke me to the point that i felt like a disappointment, a mistake, n it lead me to wanting to commit suicide. i scratched my arms with a box knife after that too. n i gave away my happiness for my friends so they can be happy but it doesnt make me happy cuz i felt like theres no point for me since my life is meaningless. it is really pathetic that my relationship with my parents keeps going on n off bcuz they never learned from their mistakes. almost felt like my mom wants me to do what she wants me to do but it is something that i dont want to do. she wants me to have a future that she wanted for me but i want to make the choices that is best for me. as for my dad, i felt like he wanted to get rid of me for a long time but couldnt bcuz he doesnt want to make himself look bad, so he tortured himself to live up with for years, trying to be my dad, but i felt like he was only faking it. i took a photography job for 2 years n i enjoyed photography. but i have to sell up a number or more per shift due to the fact its commission base. theres been too many issues with 2 bosses to the point i saw like 40 employees come n go n i got a bit attached. then some other people who work there gave me a hard time as well n i cant say anything bcuz my boss will make up excuses n tell me to keep working. selling pictures was really hard cuz not a lot of people want pictures, n for the fact we have smartphones these days, but my boss said everybody always spend money here bcuz we work at an amusement park. i use to sell a lot of pictures back then but now i cant bcuz this season, nothing special is happening, n my boss told me to ask customers again after they said no, which is out of my beliefs cuz no means no n thats the customers rights. its wrong to try to be pushy. he also tells me to "bring back the old u" meaning i sold a lot of pictures back in the past n now he wants me to bring that person back. i feel like its the shittest thing to say to anyone. 2 years passed n it just got worse for me, my plan was to find a new job n quit, but the manager pushed me to the edge to the point that i had enough. i quit immediately. my friends think i did the right thing but my parents judged me for it n shitted on me like i just committed a murder. at the same time, they got mad at me for skipping one year of college, which isnt a bad thing cuz i graduated community college with aa degrees of liberal arts n psychology. been in community college for 4-5 years to the point i need a break. plus i couldnt afford to pay for classes in csuf at the time so i didnt have much of a choice but to skip at least a semester. however i skipped a year bcuz i didnt attend my first semester during the fall so i have to reapply all over again n idk if ill be lucky the second time to get accepted. my parents got mad at me, making me feel more of a disappointment, n my dad wants to kick me out. my situation with my job n my dad wanted to kick me out is recent. this had lead me to even a darker place where i actually wanted to end my life cuz its not fair. i never asked for any of this. to be born. to live. to breath. none of it. my family was always so negative to each other for god knows how long they live in america to the point its affecting me too. always comparing me to others who seemed smarter or better than me, then why let me live? why cant they just make a different child n just kill me? i dont know what to do anymore. i know that everyone had issues that r worse than mine, like parents abandoning their children, being homeless, or poor n starving n all, but im not like anyone else who can handle it better than i can. im different. everyone is. no matter what people say to me to cheer me up, its never gonna make me feel any less than an outcast or failure in life. I’m turning 24 right now but I feel everybody has more responsibility than I did at this age n they’ve done better with their lives than I do. Having a life, getting married, feeling happy with love ones truly, that is something I will never gonna get bcuz i felt like a huge burden to everyone i knew n that I’m a waste of air who should go die. maybe its best for everyone if i just never exist at all anymore. im sorry that i made u all read all this.