What point is there in living in hell?I am 13 years old, and I cant stand life. I cant stand people. I cant stand the way my life is hell. My life was set up to be hell, i swear it was. From me being a small child, i barely knew my real dad. i saw him very few times. he didn't care for me or my mom. For around me being 2 to 6 years old, my life was quiet, nothing really happened. When i was about seven years old,  i was raped (unknowingly as a 7 year old boy, not in my ass if thats what u r thinking) by my older cousin. Who knew that was going to happen. I mean come on!!! Since that point on, i was constantly bullied in school. Never ending torment of my looks, how i acted, and stupid things. one thing i still hate that i remember, one time at lunch, there was the good tasting icicle everyone got, and we had to leave, i was barely half way done. of course, i threw my plate in the trash and was waiting for us to leave. (this was 2nd grade) and well, two kids thought i grabbed from the trash. i was tormented for weeks on end. even the teacher thought i did! cunts. Anyway, life went on like that till i was pulled out of school, mainly for being brought to the principal for doing something i didn't. i was always blamed for whatever the bullies did. During that time, due to peer pressure, i started to look at porn because i was jealous everyone else knew what sex was or what a naked woman looked like. My parents found out, and started to lock everything down with web filters. Eventually, my video games were limited and cut off for a long time. I never got them back till months later. For three years, from 9 to twelve years old, i have looked at porn. I didnt know it would fuck me up in the head. Anyway, we moved so many times, but when i got home schooled, of course, i didn't like it. We moved to a place where i barely know anyone. Now i know a fair amount of people, but barely any kids. (im 13 btw, so im not a pedo) So eventually, i was put into a online school i did at home. Not the greatest thing. 
Next door, lived three kids, i wont reveal their names. So there was Y, an 18 year old kid, going to college soon, T, a kid just a few months younger than me, and then a kid, J, who is 2+ years younger. J, was bossy, a jerk, and treated me poorly. always wanting to fight me, tell me what to do, and just lock me out when im not there to hang out with him, and only hang out with T. Y, however, hated me too for calling him an asshole because he treated me that way. So a year went on like this, J kept beating me up, blah blah blah, hanged out with T mainly. And my school got worse. I started being told to take notes, work on blah blah, and more. Now i have multiple overdue assignments, alot of stress on me, and im losing stuff because of it, and there is alot of work i have to do! now within these two years, my step dad got drunk quite heavily (where he couldn't remember a thing, btw this only happened three times, he is what u call a mean drunk.), and he caused hell for me and my mom three nights different times in the year (again, this happened once in a blue moon) and he did very bad things i wont say. Despite that, he is an asshole, because he uses a lot of language towards me, like calling me a fucker, cunt, bitch, a lot of many other names. and stuff has been hell for me.

I appreciate any of you redditers reading this, but i think im going to kill myself sometime soon. i cant stand my life anymore. Im just going to run away, and find some open highway.... i cant stand life anymore. its hell for me, nothing goes right. if things keep going downhill till 3/21/18, im going to kill myself. i cant stand my life. 