My mother just called me a dog, again. I just want someone to know.She just called me a dog. Why? Because I asked her not to look through my phone. I shouldn't have, I don't why I said that. It didn't matter if she did. I just wanted some privacy. She said it doesn't matter because no one talks to me anyways anyways. I'll never have any friend, because I don't deserve one. Here's a list of other things she's called me:

\-a parasite, many times

\-pest. 

\-useless, worthless 

She's also asked my why I was born, why I don't just die. She said that I ruin every single conversation of her and my sister when I enter it. That I just want an excuse to cry. Every time she talks to someone about my good grades it doesn't mean she's proud of me, it's just an obligation to talk about her kids. I don't make her proud, she would rather not be my mother. That she doesn't see a future in me. I don't either. I just want to die, that's my future. I know my brain capacity is low, I know I'm a loser in so many ways, and I just want it to end. It's no my mother's fault or those people in Year 6 who gave me a card saying they don't want to be my friend. It's me, I'm the reason. Suicide is the only way out, or maybe I should go mad? There's no other way. 

Maybe I could've been a more accomplished person if I wasn't so mentally RETARDED. My grades are good, but I can't move on. My grades may be high but it means nothing when I'm such as fucking loser. I don't want to waste any money on university because I don't deserve it. This feeling has overtaken anything I do, no matter how fun it may be. Some time ago I had the graduation ceremony, I was the fucking valedictorian and I wore a pretty dress, and people actually fucking complimented me! When I went back home I just fell to the floor because it didn't make me happy, it should have, but it fucking didn't. What will make me happy? What will not make me feel like my future is nothing and that I'm worthless? 

I somehow made friends at school but after I leave school, I won't. My image of relationships are distorted after seeing my parents fracture each other's limbs and through burning hot tea and chairs at each other. When I think of a relationship I imagine being smashed against the wall until I bleed. And I want it. I want to hurt? I don't have the strength to talk to anyone, to feel interested in talking to anyone, though I do wish I could just weep one someone's shoulder. When I'm at the cafeteria with my friends I finish my food quickly because I'm scared they'll leave. I constantly wonder if everyone is just fucking annoyed by me but just don't want to be rude.  Or maybe they don't care at all, I'm just some idiotic girl who acts all goofy because she that seems to be the only way to not fucking burst into tears.

Some months back a speeding car almost crashed on me but it didn't. I was close to smiling as it swerved, but it didn't hit me! Why didn't it fucking hit me? Why? Every time I fall sick I just desperately hope that it's a terminal disease, but no. It's not. It's not. i JUST WANT A FUCKING DISEASE TO KILL ME. I just go to sleep every night that I don't wake up, but it doesn't work.

And I don't think it's wrong. It's not wrong to want to die, it's not wrong to kill yourself. This is just another kind of the Survival of the Fittest, and I'm the weak one. 

&amp;#x200B;

I just hate myself so much, so unbelievably that I at this point I would rather go through the painful suicide than a painless one. I'm truly becoming demented. I deserve to die. But I'll continue to be a pathetic piece of shit and burden the world with my presence. Someone has to kill me, there's no other way.