22m, from Minnesota, and i'm in a bad place right now.It's funny how life works sometimes. 

Take me for example. I've had nothing but bad things happen to me over the course of my life, but I've consistently found ways to take a bad situation and make it into a good one. Honestly, at this point, I'm tired of working so hard for such little result. Hell, not even that. I'm tired of going at it alone. I'm sick of having these suicidal feelings and only having myself to rely on. I would venture to say I think about ending my life 4-6 days out of the week. 

My parents abandoned me. My mom at 13, my dad at 15. I was in two foster homes from the time my father abandoned me until I graduated high school. I guess I was one of the lucky ones who didn't get shuffled around every few months, because the second home I stayed in ended up being super supportive and I kinda consider them my family at this point. 

All in all, from grades K-12, I attended eighteen different schools. Yes, that's right. 18. As a result, I developed some awesome social skills and became pretty outgoing, but I never learned how to maintain a lasting friendship. This still afflicts me to this day. I have one really good friend, but everyone else in my contacts on my phone are either businesses, family, acquaintances, or people I've had a falling out with, but haven't found the courage to delete their number, just in case. 

When I lived with my father, I stayed in four separate psychiatric wards for upwards of three weeks at a time. In addition, tack on two stays in a shelter for "troubled children" for a month or more each, 3 days in jail for running away from home too many times, and one stay in a runaway shelter while I was waiting to be placed in foster care. 

Things got a bit better when I went into care, but not perfect. If they had given up on me, I'd definitely be in a different place today. But i started working, got involved in a student organization, and I was passing my classes. However, there were a few incidents. Like the time I accidentally ran over the 15 year old family dog that they raised from a puppy, who passed from her injuries. Or when I rolled the farm truck on the last day of my senior year of high school. Those were the most significant, but there were other, more minor incidents that I won't talk about, simply because this is already turning into a wall of text... 

Right after high school, I moved to Arizona to pursue what I thought was my dream of becoming an auto tech. It was there that I experienced the greatest amount of loneliness that I had ever felt up until that point. I couldn't cut it, and I had to drop out and move back home. 

I did some odd jobs here and there to pay my bills, and when I realized I had no marketable skills, I tried joining the military. National Guard, to be exact. I enlisted and shipped off to basic, where again, I didn't fit in and I couldn't cut it. I felt like Gomer Pile from Full Metal Jacket, and if i had access to bullets, I probably would have ended up the same way. Finally I had enough and told them I refused to train anymore and they processed me out. 

After that, I worked for a few months and went to school for trucking. 4 months of school and a guaranteed job, plus I would get to see the country. For the first time, I actually graduated college and I felt like I actually accomplished something. 

Right out of school I went to work for an over the road carrier and I immediately experienced the worst depression of my life. I was great at my job, but being alone 24/7 really got to me. I would get impulses to steer my 80,000 lb vehicle off a bridge, or into a concrete pillar, or even into oncoming traffic. I worked there for 8 months, my longest job to date, before I had to give it up. Even though I went to a shrink, got diagnosed with dysthymia, and got on medication, I was still lonely as fuck. So i did. I was unemployed for 45 days, got a job with a local Lumber company, and I got fired after a month. Worked a random job for a month after that and I found a better one, back in trucking, making real good money. Plus it was local. I got fired from there 4 months later because the owner was an impulsive bastard. I just got hired on with FedEx, hauling double trailers, and I should be on cloud 9.

But I'm not. I'm homeless, sleeping in my personal pickup truck tonight, and contemplating all the ways I could take my own life. 

This is what I mean about life being funny. You would think that a guy like me, who does anything and everything to break the cycle and become a better person with a better life than his parents could ever dream of being, would be happy. But I'm not. I'm accomplishing things that I never could have dreamed I would accomplish, and yet I'm fucking miserable. 

I hate my job, and yet I have so many god damned bills I can't afford to do anything else. I don't feel fulfilment in anything that I do in life. It's like I'm a zombie, just going through life and working my ass off only to pay bills. I've never held a job down longer than a year, let alone a relationship, where the record stands at a measly 3 months. I cannot remember one single day where I was happy the entire day... EVER! I'm just fucking sick of all the bullshit, sick of working so hard for no reward whatsoever, and i'm just sick of life in general. 

Thinking of living my life this way for the next 70-80 years literally makes me nauseous. I can't stand to think of myself feeling this way forever. Nothing has ever changed for me, and I sincerely believe that I'll just have tears that are welling up in the back of my eyes for as long as I shall live, because that's the only thing I've ever known. 

I don't know what the fuck else to say. I'm pissed off and about to break down and cry and I just don't know anymore. 

I know this though. I hate my life. I don't have even the most miniscule desire to stay on this earth anymore. Can anyone relate to this or am I just an island unto myself?