HelloThis is my first post on here. I would've posted sooner, but I suppose I was just scared that people wouldn't respond or even care to look. If you do, thank you. And if you just wanna scroll past, that's okay too. My warm regards to you.

Quarantine's been getting me down recently. My Dad is both physically and verbally abusive. Thankfully I experienced the physical side of him the least, but definitely know the verbal side of him very well. He's a big narcissist who believes the world revolves around him even though he isn't able to hold down a decent job and doesn't realize that no one likes him anymore. I honestly miss the way things used to be. I remember looking through my 2nd grade journal and holding back tears when I read "I love my family." Back then was truly wonderful. My parents didn't argue as much and we didn't have as many mental issues as we do today. Now that me and my siblings are older, my parents don't even hide their bickering anymore. We've had many ups and downs, and it's only been 3 months since quarantine was first put in order. My Mom kicked my Dad out, and he was so poor that he ended up living in his car. Not even a week later, she was convinced to let him back in, so our troubles arose once more. He acted like a big douchebag and took for granted his fortune of having a roof to live under. What my poor brothers had to experience is absolutely heartbreaking. I love them to death, and I was so pissed off when I found out my Dad was being more physically abusive towards them. My Mom finally put her foot down yesterday, and told him that he had 2 days to leave the home. I'm very grateful that his presence is now gone. The only issue is that I'm now more stressed than ever since I now have to babysit my brothers 24/7. I really want to die just to get away from this mess. I'm very fortunate to have friends who love me, but I believe my family would only want me to stay because I care for them. If I didn't mention this before, I'm fat, ugly, annoying, dumb, and, as someone once told me, "painfully unfunny." I see no reason to stay.

If you made it to the end, I once again have so much gratitude towards you. You took the time out of your day to hear my story, and that truly means a lot to me. Have a good day/night, everyone. My best wishes to you. :)