Why I want to dieI know this is long. You don't have to read it. I have no friends and no one whose opinion I respect so I'm venting. If you don't want to read a long rambly vent, go save someone from suicide who isn't as long winded.

Up until I was 18, I was a certifiably fundamentalist evangelical Christian. I went to church every Sunday, attended every prayer session, went to every Bible study, and participated in some pretty hateful political protests. You know, the "women who get abortions are murderers" types of protests. I also suffered from horrible depression. In college, the anxiety of school made my depression worse, and I found God was nowhere to be found. Worse, when I admitted to my fellow church members how depressed I felt, they told me it must be me. I obviously was not a "true" Christian if I didn't feel the ever-loving peace of God running through my veins every second. I'm going to spare you some of the intermediary details, but long story short, I attempted suicide. When I recovered, I left the church and it was the best decision I ever made. I frequently tell people "I was born again when I left the church." I still believe in God, but I think organized Christianity is a cult of judgment and hatred wrapped in lies. The last ten years have had their ups and downs, but overall, life is so much better. I feel like a more loving, accepting person. I think I'm still a Christian, but I don't like telling people that because they'll think I'm one of the crazy ones. I don't fit in at church, and I don't fit in with atheists either. I don't even feel I fit in anywhere in the middle. I have been misunderstood my entire life.

Until June of this year, I met someone like me. Not exactly like me, but an intellectual like me. Someone who understood the nuance of things, that could keep up with complex thoughts. I don't know how to say this without sounding like an arrogant scumbag, but I have a well-above average IQ. It's a large part of the reason I don't fit in anywhere. I have a big heart and I care a lot for people, I try not to be judgmental, but it's impossible to ignore the fact that most people just don't understand the things I like to talk about. I find myself bored or impatient with people. So you can imagine how, after 27 years of feeling alone, misunderstood, and going through a radical mindset change, I was thrilled to meet someone who understood me. 

Well, I totally fucked it up. We were just friends, but because we connected so strongly, things got romantic. We always agreed that no matter what happens, it would be important to stay friends. We said that to each other clear up until the end... and even AFTER the end. He broke it off a few weeks ago, but the next day we were hanging out just chillin like nothing ever happened. I was definitely morose that the romance wouldn't continue, but I knew I'd get over it. I don't know what happened, but the next day he dropped off the map. It had been usual for us to stay in contact daily with just a text message here or there, but his silence felt like a shut-out. I thought, ok, well, we were romantically involved it makes sense to take a few days apart, but after a few days with still no contact I really began to question things. I left him a voicemail and told him, "it's okay if you need space, could you just let me know that's what this is? I'll give you all the space you need, I just don't know what's happening." The next morning I got a text that said, "Yes I need space, no I don't need to check with you first." It was the most irrational thing I'd ever heard him say. Of course you don't need to check with me, you're a grown-ass human being. I simply would have appreciated the courtesy of telling me what you need. It is simply bizarre behavior for someone to reiterate how important it is that we stay friends, only to discard me like a piece of trash. And that's how I feel now. It's been a few weeks and still no contact. My instincts tell me something is really wrong, but I wanted to respect his need for distance. I did leave him one voicemail to tell him I never intended to make him feel as though he needed to "check with me" on anything, and tell him I hoped his grand opening at work went well. No response. My intuition says he wants nothing to do with me. My intuition says that for reasons I cannot even begin to analyze or understand, he decided it would be best if we are no longer friends. My hope that I'm wrong grows weaker every passing day, but this has brought a categorical typhoon of depression on me. 

I am barely functioning. If I had known that our romance would end our friendship, I never would have even given him a second glance. I had no idea we had passed the point of no return. We weren't even an "official" couple! I don't know what could have possibly happened to change things so much, but I feel horrible. I feel personally responsible for ruining the best friendship I ever had. He saved me from the crushing loneliness of being misunderstood. I cannot handle these consequences. I'm actually PRAYING again. I'm praying, "God, I learned the lesson, but please don't make this the punishment." I'd do anything to have his friendship back. I would literally do anything. But there's nothing I can do. It's 100% his choice. So I ruined the best thing that ever happened to me and I just don't believe there's anyone out there that can satisfy that intellectual craving that I have or make me feel as accepted as he did. My tutor at Oxford told me, "You are a member of the intellectual 1%, and that means you are going to live a very lonely life. Unless of course you happen to meet another member of the intellectual 1%." Well, Ian was. And now I'm pretty sure he's gone forever. And the depression that has resulted from this is more severe than what I experienced ten years ago. And what's more, because I didn't experience ongoing depression when I left the church, I partially blamed the church for contributing to my depression. So I'm having an existential crisis on top of the heartbreak of losing my best friend. Lovers come and go, but I will never have a friendship like his ever again. Coupled with the fact that I know this is my fault, add the cherry of massive guilt on top. I'm a lonely, failed, loser that fucked up the best thing that ever happened to me. And when I remember that prayers are never answered I'm not sure I'm going to want to continue on. I already don't. 

I don't even know why I bothered to write all this. It's not like anyone ever understands me. You must all think I'm irrational and overreacting. Maybe I am. But it doesn't feel that way. It feels like God gave me a precious gift and then ripped it away. 