These last few months have been hell.I suppose some context couldn't hurt: I'm a nineteen year old girl, still living with her parents while I work a shit job. I can't stay true to my word to go to college, always brushing it off with a "next semester" and the like. I have a wonderful boyfriend, who is perfect and precious to me in every way. He tries so hard to listen and help me, but I just can't help but push him away. I don't want him to hurt because of me anymore. More than once I've tried to get him to see the terrible person I really am, in the hopes that he'll leave me for someone who will be good for him and can truly be a good girlfriend and fiance.

Back around October, I was having a hard time dealing with the stress of having a new job and some minor family issues. I went to my doctor, who prescribed me some anxiety medication. 

I had to stop taking it a month later. The sheer amount of self-hatred I've felt since taking it is overwhelming. It affects my day-to-day life. I feel so guilty for everything (in fact, last night, I apologized to my boyfriend at least thirty times in a row, for no fucking reason other than I felt I had to), and at first I couldn't understand why. But now it feels like I was always meant to feel this way. That any optimism or hope I felt was incredibly foolish of me. I can't enjoy anything anymore, because it feels like I have a mental itch, or that everything is slightly skewed. I've slowly started giving up on things I used to love. Like illustration. Exercise. I haven't picked up a book in months. 

The last few weeks, I've been wondering if I could ever have the courage to...well, end it. I've had to reassure my boyfriend that I would never do it, and yet when I have a spare moment, I start thinking about the least painful way to go. The mentality behind it is just so...warped, I know. But I feel like if it were any other person who had the chance at my life, that they would be doing a better job of it than I could ever do. I feel like, if maybe I wasn't here, well, that's just more oxygen for someone who really deserves it.

I'm starting to get desperate, walking the thin line between wanting to get better, and suicide. I've lost ten pounds, making me more underweight than I was before, and the past two weeks, when I'm alone and get frustrated with myself, I punch myself as hard as I can. I don't have friends or anyone I can feel comfortable talking to about this in my area. I can hardly get out of bed anymore. 

If anyone out there could truly help me... I just need to know that I can get better.