Losing my will to continue livingHey. I have this problem, I cant really see the meaning of my own life, whenever I think of future, I just want to give it all up. Im 22y old girl, one could say that I have everything that I need, but I see it differently. What set my mind to that final solution, was my last breakup, actually it was the last drop. I tried to overdose myself at the time. To keep it short : I was sexually abused when I was 17, abroad (I never told anyone, not even my parents because they would blame themselves for letting me go abroad all alone). My relationships are just terrible. I have to say, that every one of those guys dating me just used me and then kicked me away from their lives (cheating, had me as a sidechick without me knowing...happened couple times). In december I met a guy(at time my teacher at my university) and we started dating. Everything was fine until he told me that he wants a baby asap - I didnt agree because I am not finished yet with my studies and need 2-3 years to do so. Unfortunately ,I got pregnant with him and he told me then(not knowing that i was pregnant) that I am not what he wants.(simply because,he eould have to wait for me...) After that I went to see a doctor and ended the pregnancy. This all happened during last exam period, so as expected it fucked up with my classifications etc. 
Now, I have problem to go to school because I am already stressed that I will fail again even in other subjects and also because I HAVE to work in the same lab as this guy does. Its extremely difficult for me to fake that I am ok.
When I come home to my flat,I cannot be relieved either. I have terrible flatmate, very loud, intrique-ish, and - I am actualy a landlord - but she keeps inviting her “partners” at my place withou my permission, when I tell her that I dont like it, she tells me that I had there my friend to sleep over too (twice!!)... So basicaly, I have no rest at all.
I have to then travel back to my family, which has very high expectations of me, which stresses me a lot. 
My life became very stereotypical in very sad way. I jump from one stress situation to another.School - relationships - family- friends, it is unbearable for me. I am thinking of ending it all nearly every day, but Im too scared to do it. Im scared that it wont end up as desired and I will be damaged/disabled for the rest of my life, making it even worse and that I might hurt my family by doing that. I have no one to turn to. I have tried new hobbies, friends, going out...none of it helped. I see no future for myself.  I keep questioning why should I even try to make it different, when I die anyway. Im sure that I am ending up all alone, without anyone close to me. Why should I continue trying?
