Today's the big dayrape physical mental abuse my whole life then abandonment at 15 after this from my parents and now I'm 30 with everyone up my ass on why I can't function, docs cant help with ptsd been to psych ward #1 5 times, #2 4 times, #3 once, #4 once, and then a 30 day deal at a fifth facility about 6 years ago. I am worse off than ever. I cannot hold down a job due to personality disorder, meds dont do SHIT no matter how long you take them (have been on and off everything you can fucking imagine for 18 years). My family will obviously not help and I cannot trust anyone because I feel they will inevitably take advantage of me. I have 3 days to pay my rent before I get evicted. Only problem is I started a new job a few days ago. Don't get paid for two weeks and have to take public transportation which is often late, expensive and unreliable so eviction is inevitable. Two other people will receive an eviction on their record when this happens as well. I don't have money to get to my new job which I have now lost after 2 days (supposed to be there in 5 minutes, cant afford it, no rides available). Have zero food. Have been trying to prove my entire life to my family that I am worth something and a person worth helping out with no luck, they do not love me and this has been an illusion i have lived under for 30 fucking goddamn years. They have me trapped in this fucking game where they constantly offer help but when i hold up my end of the deal, it turns out that they had just set me up to watch me fall again. I cant do it anymore. I have no one in my life.  No one wants to be in my life. I have a pet cat that is the ONLY thing that has kept me from killing myself that I am going to lose during the eviction. No one I can borrow any money from nothing. I am fucked to death from every angle and will be swallowing about 50mg xanax and drinking the rest of it away. I have already prepared a DNR note and a phone number for one person that could take care of my cat wholl probably end up getting put down or in some shit hole house where no one will take care of her. It's cold out, shelters are full of homosexual rapists and criminals for the most part in Atlanta and I CHOOSE TODAY NOT TO FUCKING DO THIS ANYMORE. CANNOT WAIT TO ENTER THE GODLESS VOID OF DEATH. FUCK THIS SHIT