Grieving and having heaps of regrets at what should be the happiest time of yearI miss my mum and my aunt. My mum was mentally ill but I was really good at looking out for her. My aunt was the one who would look out for me a lot whenever my mum had to go to hospital. She died around the middle of this year of cancer. The last time I saw her she looked thin but there was nothing to tell me it would actually be the last time I saw her. She was in such good spirits. The day that I found my mum dead was ridiculously normal. I can't get over or move on with my grief. I live with my dad and I keep thinking of how on earth to live when he isn't around anymore. All my life I have been a huge support to people and now it's like there's basically no one I can reach out to and be honest with. I've been described as being an angel for how well I look out for friends but where are my friends now? Nowhere...I keep having suicidal thoughts and I'm not sure how much longer I can keep this up. It's like the only reason I am here is because I need to work so dad and I can rent but honestly I hate my life and wish I was never born at all. It all feels like a stupid mistake.

No advice is needed this is purely for me to vent and if it gives any comfort to someone else who feels awful at this time of year then that's good. I've never acted on my suicidal thoughts. I've always been the one who has been there for others and been strong but I feel like I have nothing left. I cried for a while today whether because of tiredness or loneliness or a mixture of things I'm not sure. I'm usually good at looking at the bright side of things but I get really sick of putting a front on you know?

I would love to keep in touch with anyone who is going through anything similar. Pm me if you like. I feel like when my mum got put in the grave when I was nearly 19 that a part of me got put there too. I'm 27 now and I feel like the longer I live it's a waste because I can't do what I want. I have my degree in English and drama and a nice job at the bookstore but I feel so lonely it kills me. All these people who I thought were friends don't even speak to me now. I've tried so many times to open up to people only if they don't mind and then once I tell them what's happening for me they get all angry like I'm burdening them even though really I wouldn't want to say a word unless it was really ok...

Thanks for reading!