Just want to share my thoughts to someone willing to listen.Hello everyone,

I am writing this post because I want to share what I have been going through since a few months. Got noone with whom I can share this. So sharing it here. Just want to share it with someone.

Lately I have been having these thoughts were I wish I was dead or some car hit me or I was one of the Covid-19 deaths. I think I am a very strong person but last few months have broken me utterly.

I am an Indian, 26M, currently unemployed and homeless. I have been a failure. I couldn't achieve anything in my life and it seems the rest of my life will be spent this way. Atleast a decade for me to get out and even have a decent life.

To give you some context, I have always wanted to be a physicist. Got a chance to study in one of the best institutes in India for my Bachelors. Future seemed hopeful. But while I was building my career, my father ruined his.

Since I was born, he has solely worked to give me and my younger brother a decent life. He has worked very hard to give us a better life than he had. And he did the best he could. In his quest to give us all he could, he never did anything for himself. Both my parents sacrificed everything for us.

When I was doing my B.Sc while doing a part time job to support myself, my dad for the first started to do something for himself. He was planning to earn some funds, business expansion, when he can no longer work. He did not want to rely on his kids even though I would love to take care of both my parents for as long as required.

But his plans failed royally and got into a lot of debt. He did everything he could to fix the situation but he couldn't. Not alone. 

I decided, against my father's wishes, I could put my education on hold and help him. I could resume it anytime.

Together we did our best. After some months, my dad has paralysis and could no longer work. Still, I did as best as I could.

But now I no longer can. Our business had to be closed down permanently in the pandemic. I am struggling to get a job. My parents moved back to our village while I got a small room to live in the hopes of finding a job. That failed as well and I was evicted (didn't pay rent) a week ago. Staying with a distant cousin until I can find some alternate arrangements and it seems I will find one soon... Only it will be a prison because I have defaulted on all my debt since months. There have been days where I survived on bread and jam because that's all I can afford.

Oh and on top of that, I was doing some freelancing and my laptop stopped working. Can't afford to get it repaired. Just real FML.

*******

My biggest disappointment is that I couldn't repay to my parents for all the sacrifices they made. I had so many dreams. The primary goal being earning decent enough that my parents can go to sleep every night without stress and worry. Secondary was becoming a physicist. I have failed them and myself.

Now I think I will spend rest of my 20s and early 30s clearing up all the debt. I have no hopes of ever being able to resume my education. Will probably get a job which I don't like but need to survive and live the rest of my life until I finally die. No hopes of ever giving my parents the happiness they so deserve. I am so fucking scared that this is my life for the foreseeable future.

That thought is eating me up. I don't usually cry. I probably have cried 2/3 times in all of 2010s. But now I have cried so many times in the last few months just thinking about my bleak future. Sometimes I am just fine but then suddenly get sad and start crying.

The worst part is I can't share what I feel to anyone. 

I am a social anxious person who is also very introverted and shy. I don't have many people to talk to except my parents and one best friend. But I can't share what I am going through with them. Sharing it with parents will only make my father feel even more guilty (he already feels a lot of guilt). For some reason, I can't seem to be able to share it with my best friend. He doesn't even know the whole story. I haven't been able to share it with him. That's why I felt here I could share the whole essay of my life.

That's when these ideas of what would happen if I died started popping up. Will my parents be able to move on? Will it hurt? What painless options? Will Our business insurance take care of the debts? Will my absence even make any significant difference?

Honestly, if I knew that I could bite the bullet and avoid any negative impact on my parents, I probably would have done it by now. But deep down I know that's not going to make their life any better. It will only be worse.

I wi have to live. I will have to live through this miserable life...this hopeless life.

To anyone who reads this, thank you for listening. Sorry if it's too long. Really wanted to share my story,the whole of it and what I am feeling now with someone.