I don't know what to do.Hello, I am 18 years old. I don't really know what to say since I haven't told anyone how I feel before but here I go..

I have been addicted to weed since I was 15 (Yes actually addicted, people say you can't be addicted to weed, that is very false) I dropped out of school in the same year asking my parents to home school me. For the first 2 months it was working, then I just stopped doing my work, and they couldn't force me to do it so they gave up. My father took me camping to try and cheer me up, he brought weed with him and was smoking it outside of the RV, I opened the door and he offered me some and I stupidly smoked some. I felt great after, any bad thoughts I had about myself went away, I felt happy. I then started to play games on my PC and talk to people online, and it felt great talking to people who couldn't see me or judge me. Now I sit in my room day after day playing video games because I have grown anti-social, and rarely go outside. I have no education, I have no job, my dad left my mom January 2015, 3 months before my birthday in March. I am over weight and scared to go outside because I hate confrontation and dislike being in conversations so that stops me from applying for a job. I have no real friends, I have a few online friends I talk to daily but that is it. I don't have any real skills that would fetch me a job, no social abilities to apply for one either. So now I smoke weed to get rid of the depressing thoughts of my life, but I feel even worst about it because I have my mother buy it for me since I have no source of income, she knows it helps my depression but having her waste money on me just makes me more depressed. I have no idea what to do with my life. I guess that is all there is too me. It felt good to get it off my chest even if nobody reads this, at least I wrote it. I just don't want to be remembered by my family as the depressed kid who committed suicide, but I have no interest in living anymore, 18 years has been plenty for me. 

Note: The camping happened before I dropped out of school. I should have put it in order. I am sorry.