If you are feeling suicidal, please read.On January of this year, I began to plunge into an abyss of depression and anxiety. I started feeling useless, dumb, inferior and worthless. It grew even worse because my school is one of the most demanding in my country, and they absolutely fucked me over the second I came back from break in February with tests, assignments, essays and other shit. February I began treatment, psychiatrist gave me some antidepressants and some pills for the anxiety.

I still felt like shit. Like there is no hope. Like the only way out of this shit existence is death. I wanted to die really bad, but I was doing my best to at least try to get better, for myself but most importantly for the people that love me. And for a month, I hanged in there. But everyday, I kept thinking of ending it all. One day, I said fuck it and decided to do it. So I went over the railing of a balcony in March, and tried to jump off but a security guard caught me. I ended in a psychiatric ward for a month, locked up, like in a decorated prison. 

And I got out of it, with time, patience, resilience and effort, I got out of that bottomless pit of despair. And everything just got better. I began to see the world differently, see myself differently, and I began to feel happiness again. 

To those who feel like death is the only escape, please read carefully.

The problems you have now, or you think you have, will go away. The problems will either go away on their own, or you’ll find a way to cope with it over time. All wounds heal with time, you can’t expect to feel happiness from one day to the other, it is an emotion that is built with time. 

You are probably tired of hearing this, but it will get better. It really will. All you have to do is hang in there. The saying “what doesn’t kill you makes you stronger” is absolutely true. God gives the toughest fights to his toughest warriors. Most of you are in a great pain, but you have the balls and the strength to keep on fighting. That is truly admirable. You want to give up, but you haven’t, and I pray for you all that you never give up and that you listen to what I have to say. Once you get out of this stepping stone in your life, you will be higher, one step closer to your dreams, to happiness and to prosperity, you just have to take the step. Do not give up just yet, you are strong, you are tough like rocks, hell you are tougher than most I would say, just hang in there. The end is worth it, I assure you with 100% confidence. Don’t give up. Don’t give up on the people who love you, or yourself. I’ve seen what suicide can do to a family. It is devastating and soul breaking. Don’t take drastic, permanent solutions to temporary problems.

Depression distorts reality. It blinds people. You need to assume that the way that you look at yourself, or the world, is not how it really is. It is just a distorted perception of reality. If you hate yourself, listen to the people that love you. If you hate the world, listen to what others have to say about it. Never assume that your perception is correct. In dark times like these, light is scarce, and you cannot see clearly. The world and yourself is not how you see it. Listen to other perspectives. Get outsiders perspective of your problems. Add perspective to your issues, it can change the course of the game. 

This shit you’re feeling, fight it. You are a warrior, fighting a tougher fight than most. If you can get through this, you can get through anything. Believe me. And I know you can get through it, because if I did it, and thousands of others did it, so can you. Vent out your problems. Talk them out with anyone wanting to listen. If you need to cry or scream, do it. Release your emotions that are choking you inside. And distract yourself with constructive activities, anything that can help build you up as a person. Go to the gym, if you can’t go for an hour, go for 30 minutes, or 15, take all the time you need, but having the willpower to go is already a great achievement. Go out and get in contact with nature, go out with friends, go on a trip, do charitable acts. Anything productive is worth it. Work on yourself to build a better tomorrow for you. And if you don’t want to do it for you, at least do it for the people that love you. They are worth it. 

There are people who love you, who will be absolutely wrecked if you go out like this. I saw what it did to my family. I saw what it did to other families. It’s horrible. I remember their reaction to hearing about that horrible mistake I pulled off, and I still cry about it to this day. Don’t do it, the people who love you, your family, are worth gold. If you won’t fight for yourself, then it is worth fighting to those who love you. 

Don’t give up just yet. Most of you are really young, life is just beginning. You have decades of life ahead of you. The good moments, the little things, the pleasant surprises that no one expects are worth all the pain and work. A couple of years ago, I was 100% convinced that I was not going to get a girlfriend until I enter college. Life gave me one of those pleasant surprises, and gave me a wonderful girlfriend who stuck with me in the good and bad times. You have no clue what amazing things await you, the amazing part of life are those pleasant surprises that you never see coming. 

If you read all of this, then I thank you for your time. You are an amazing person with amazing things coming your way. Hang in there a little longer, there is light at the end of the tunnel. Don’t surrender to the evil demons in your head. Tell those voices to fuck off and know they aren’t right. 

And please, I will be more than happy to listen to your problems. Please please please send me a message if you want to talk, I would love to try to help. Do not hesitate at all, I cannot stress it enough, send me a message, I’ll be here.

Thank you all for your time. Stay strong, you can overcome this hurdle.