I’ve always lurked here but never postedSo I figured I might as well vent to some strangers because I feel like a burden on anyone else. Plain and simple, I just don’t want to be here. But I don’t want to hurt my family or my boyfriend. He knows my reddit, but I don’t think he ever really checks my social medias much so he probably won’t see this.

I don’t know what my purpose is in life. I’m basically taking up space and doing nothing valuable with my time. I’m 25f, I’m not working right now, and I haven’t gotten my license yet because it scares me. I don’t know what I’m doing with my life.

I’m a burden to everyone around me. I’m helpless, pathetic, probably even a coward because I don’t have the courage to just leave this earth. I just can’t because I know how much people would be hurt, but at the same time I have this thought in the back of my mind that maybe they’d be better off without my miserable presence in their lives.

It’s easy to fake happiness, at least for me. But sometimes I bottle these feelings in for too long and they come out the wrong way, I can be a huge dick head and hurt peoples feelings when I don’t want to. 

I’ve disliked myself for as long as I can remember. I don’t like what I see in the mirror. I compare myself to other people a lot. This alone has just been enough to make me want to die. My boyfriend always says I’m perfect for him, but when I look at myself I always think there are so many things about the way I look I should improve.

I have this stinging sadness in my chest everyday. I wish it would just go away, but I don’t know how to make it. This whole pandemic and the uncertainty of the future is amplifying my sadness and I dunno what to do anymore. I wish medically assisted suicide was allowed. I wish me leaving wouldn’t hurt anyone. I wish I didn’t have to feel this way anymore. 

My heart goes out to each and every one of you feeling so much pain lately. I hope we all find out how to be happy, or even just “normal”. Whatever that means.