I don't know what to do. (long post alert)It's become increasingly hard to stay alive as the years go on. I've spent 14 years waiting for the magical "It gets better" that everyone promises... It doesn't seem to be happening, and not for lack of trying. I've just finished writing two full pages of a note, simply detailing why I can't keep going. That doesn't even include the apologies and the messages and the goodbyes. When I finished it, I took a deep breath and thought, "What do I do now? How do I do it?" As the tears rolled down my face. So I came here.

I've been suicidal for 14 years, and I always end up going to the internet when it gets really bad. So many times, Google has directed me here. I decided it would be easier to just make an account. If I break any rules, please tell me and I'll fix it. I feel bad for posting here and adding to the well of pain, making it harder on the few who are here to help, but I have nowhere else to turn at this point. I hope you can forgive me.

For a long time, I didn't know why life was so hard for me, or why so many adults asked me if I'd been the victim of sexual assault. My mother actually burst into tears one day and said "It is 90 degrees outside, you CAN'T wear that jacket! They are going to take you away from me if you keep hiding all of your skin!" I was the only poor girl at a rich school; the other kids didn't understand me. The boys would pretend to ask me out on dates as a dare and pretend like they were vomiting if I said yes, the girls would do their unspoken Mean Girls thing where they stare me down as they walked past. Par for the course, right? Everyone gets bullied. Then came the lesbian rumors, which of course prompted the boys to "test" it. Let's just say I've had my fair share of extreme sexual harassment, bordering on assault. Then the anatomy classes compared assault victims to an old piece of tape that's lost its stick, or a chewed up piece of gum that no one wanted.

By the time I reached college I had a very negative opinion of the male species. A few horrible traumas later and I'm sitting in a therapist's office with a diagnosis of CPTSD and generalized anxiety disorder, working on memory therapy... And I start to remember my childhood for the first time. And it was polluted with frequent visits to the church basement. With the elders. And all the other little girls. Turns out I was the victim of religious cult brainwashing and torture. Yes, that's a real thing, and I battle with the programming they put in my head literally daily.

I haven't had a good life. Always waiting for the "it gets better." And better never comes.

Now, I'm 26. The stress of my life over the 26 years has destroyed my body. I have severe fibromyalgia, possibly Sjogren's Syndrome and a whole host of other issues that I can't get diagnosed because I'm too sick to work and I need money to get medical help in this country. I can hardly walk to the kitchen to maintain some semblance of blood sugar stability. I pass out if I shower while standing. Anything I eat makes me horribly sick. I'm starting to show symptoms of kidney, liver and pancreas diseases. Too sick to work, so I'm too poor to see a doctor, so I'm too sick to work. Ad infinitum. In a month, I'm going to be forced to move back in with the same family who took me to that cult every weekend.

My life will never get better. I've tried every government support program and been rejected from all of them. I cannot make it out of my family's house. That will be where I die, listening to them scream at me for not being a good Christian woman and finding a good Christian man. Scream at me for not finding a job regardless of how immobile and sick I am. Work from home jobs are a lie and working for yourself is this mythical thing that only a chosen few in thousands can effectively do, and definitely not the sick and disabled. I'd told myself that the only thing that might make life worth living is love, but who would love someone like me? Sick, damaged, carrying a host of mental disabilities and will never work again? No. No man would have patience with my trauma concerning intimacy and I would never feel safe being with a woman, because of that religious programming screaming in my head that I am evil and I will burn.

I don't know what to do. I can't keep going and I can't move in with my family. I just want to end it.

But I'm not strong enough.