2+ decades of depression, I didn't have a plan to kill myself until todayI'm about to turn 30 soon. I had an emotionally traumatizing childhood and always dealt with depression for as long as I can remember. Was actually pulled out of grade school at age 11 at one point because I wrote a poem about self harm. However, I never planned on killing myself. I always hated myself, but I always enjoyed the world. TV shows, video games, comedians, friends, sports, hobbies, etc. There was so much enjoyment in the world that I never wanted to leave it despite how much I hated myself for my faults.

Recently I had an interview for a dream job with the FBI. I basically set myself in this direction 8 years ago when I finally picked my major. I wasn't sure if I would want to work with the FBI, but I wanted to be with some alphabet soup agency, whether it was FBI, CIA, DIA, NSA, NGA, NGO, DEA, ATF, what have you, if it was a couple capital lets formed into an acronym, I wanted to join. I've been applying for 5 straight years, even gaining some what I thought was relevant experience along the way with joining the military and working as a private investigator. I never got a single interview. Fast forward to a few days ago, I finally got an interview with the FBI for a generic entry level position. I've been sworn to secrecy in terms of the interview process. But I will say that I completely bombed the interview. I was given feedback where they basically labeled my personality quirks as my problems. Said there wasn't a single thing I did during the interview that would even be considered 'adequate' by their standards. I went into this interview more prepared than I ever did for any interview. I will say that 5 minutes before the interview, my stomach dropped and wave of anxiety hit me which effected me, but I was still prepared, and I bombed. It wasn't that I wasn't good enough, I wasn't even okay. I didn't just fail, I got a big fat zero on a test I had basically spent 8 years preparing for. And it wasn't necessarily because I wasn't prepared, it was because I'm not normal. 

I knew I had a bad interview and I was in a very dark place already most of the week, but I got the feedback email today. After reading it and staring at it for what felt like forever, I dissented into a mental breakdown that lasted hours. I can't even get passed an entry level job interview with basic questions after years of improving myself. And I didn't even make good enough improvement. If they said I was just okay but not good enough, I could take that, but they said I wasn't even okay, that I was horrible. This was likely the last time I'd ever get an entry level interview as I'm 5 years from when I graduated, no one takes me seriously as a job candidate anymore as I don't have any real relevant experience. I don't have a future. I went into debt to get an education that I can't use, that apparently didn't even make me a better person. I don't see the point in life if I can't do what would make me happy, which would be to have a job that made a difference in the world, even if I was only a small cog in the machine. I'm not qualified to do any other types of jobs, I'd have to go back to school, gain more debt, maybe make $12 an hour doing an entry level job in my mid 30's, everyone looking down on me as some sort of loser who couldn't get a job until his 30's. It already took me until 29 to move out of my mom's house, specifically moving close to DC so I could apply for a job sector that I'm no of professional enough demeanor to hold because of my physical limitations of speech and nervous ticks brought on almost 30 years of emotional abuse from my mother. The only jobs that ever call me back are security guard jobs, which is just a useless body sitting at a desk. 

Today I decided that a very easy and calm way to do it would be to lay in the snow until hyperthermia kicked in. The world doesn't need another worthless sack of meat taking up resources. I' don't see the point in trying anymore. My mom always told me I was worthless. Well dammit, she was right.