I was at peace for over a week, now the thoughts are back with a vengeanceHello,

I some how got an email from a drafting company through indeed, asking me to apply to their company.   I was ecstatic.  That's what I went to college for.  They said they would train me. Awesome salary and benefits.  I did my assessment this week, and what was a quick back and fourth turned into radio silence.   They probably called the Lowe's I worked for, and learned I walked out.  I deserve it, I fucked that up.   I can't help but think what could have been though.   I wouldn't have to go to bed hungry most nights.    I could afford to properly fix my car, or hell even buy a new one.   I would be able to save money for retirement.  I could stay up late and see my friends again most nights.   I could watch Football again.     But it's not going to happen.  That's when the thoughts began.  

They only turned for worse yesterday with the Kavanaugh crap.   I don't like admitting this, but I Voted for Trump.   Back then I was an angry, vitriolic Nazi.  I hated minorities and women.   I was a piece of shit.  It just felt so nice being accepted for once.   I've always been an outcast, but here comes this group of people saying 'welcome', and I fell for it.  

 Luckily, since then, I've met some amazing people and slowly my poor world views turned around.   However, my hand helped put one of the final nails in the coffin of this glorious nation.   I love this country, I really do, but it's dead now.   Trump is going to win reelection, and we'll have a conservative court for the next couple of decades.  I was going to go into the military to try and get out of my shitty situation, but what's the point now?  What is there to fight for?  What is there to die for?  Our society is fragmented and probably irreparable.  People can't see the bigger picture.  The dumbing down of America has succeeded.   I don't think we can go back.  

It's sad, I've gotten everything I wanted when I cast my vote that day.   Because of that, I don't deserve to live.   