Someone, please help me.I didn't ask to be born, but here I am, 25 years later. I've "made" it this far, I guess, right?

I want to say so much and feel like I have nothing to say at the same time. 

I've struggled with severe depression since I was about 14 years old. It has never went away. Every time I think I am progressing in life, I'm reminded I'm behind everyone else (because I guess that's a good measurement for MY OWN progression, according to most people I know [aka my parents especially]). 

I've never felt good enough for anyone, not even myself, and I think that's what hurts the most... I've tried 'self love', and ignoring everything else. Never worked, no matter how hard I tried to better my life. I had straight-A's in school, was in all honors courses, etc. I knew everyone in high school and they knew me, but I didn't really have friends, their fault and mine I suppose.

Went right into college like my parents told me, picking a major I was unsure of because I was the first in my family to go to college. Fast forward 3 1/2 years (changed majors, etc, etc), I graduated with an Associate of Arts that does nothing for my life, $20k+ in debt, worked for a year in a grocery/liquor store, lost about 100 pounds. Felt great about myself for a FEW months... that was it. That was the best time in my entire life...

I gained every bit of weight back. I'm a fat, fucking cow and I hate looking at myself, though everyone around me says I'm insane to think that (they're just being nice). I FINALLY got my FIRST full-time job, and I started January 8th... I thought, FINALLY, I can be proud of myself... someone else can be proud of me... 

I've always tried to talk a lot.... to find common interests with people, or talk about things I 'thought' I was good at (drawing, games, etc) just to feel like I was decent at SOMETHING and people appreciated my company.... I've been told I talk too much by all of my family, and my spouse.

While I can't, or I suppose I don't want to, explain everything leading up to this point, today specifically, I want someone to help me.

I don't even know what I am asking for help with. It's been a few months since I had such serious thoughts of suicide. I tried twice before, once I actually took a ton of different pills, almost immediately threw up, felt really dizzy the rest of the night and lethargic... I never thought I'd do anything like that....


My fear has always been, "even if they don't care about me, I love my family and I'll miss them... they'll be okay without me... but I don't want it to hurt."--- I'm caring less and less about the pain.
Today, the thoughts won't go away.

I'm asking for help, in whatever way it can be offered. I'm so scattered brained, this post probably doesn't even make sense.

I'm so worn down.... my heart is so heavy, and I'm just... here. Please say something. Anybody. Please.