Worth more dead.Well, here I am. Sitting in front of my PC at 0151BST and about to post...what? I don't know. A suicide note? A call for help? I have no idea. 

All I know is that I'm only just holding it together and I'm not even sure if that's the right thing to do.

I guess if you're reading this you deserve the highlight reel of how I came to be here, now.

Here goes, then...don't forget the popcorn.


I was born to a blue collar family- dad was a cop, mum was a full-time mum. They were- still are- good parents.
Their friend, though, was not a good friend and was a much worse babysitter.

From the age of 8 there was a fair amount of heavy duty sexual abuse until I hit puberty and got too old for his liking, I guess.
I kept quiet about it to avoid hurting my parents, though I realise now that I may have condemned other kids to the same. 8 year old me had pretty poor judgement.

As a teen I was kind of a mess, as you might expect, until I realised that, rather than hating everyone and everything for being evil and scary I could try to stop things being evil and scary for other people.
So I set aside my childhood dream of being a palaeontologist, and decided to join the army, via university so I could get a commission.

Anyway, long story short. I join up, do my time, get hurt, come out. I wasn't happy about having to leave and became extremely depressed.

I joined the Coastguard and (for a couple of years) the naval reserve so I could continue with my mission to save everyone in the world from everything.
The CG stick me in an ops room where my job is basically command, control and communication. The job is fun at first but gradually the fact that I don't share any of the danger faced by the casualties or the people I send out to them begins to break me down until a series of unpleasant incidents one summer push me almost to breaking point.
So I hear the part-time crew at the fire station in my home village is short-handed and I join and finally find the job I'm made for.

Then there's a huge clusterfuck at the CG because somebody high up was trying to prove a point and a cargo ship carrying nuclear fuel rods nearly ends up at the bottom of the sea. A cover up ensues, I lose my temper with the higher ups and they suspend me, starting a process that's still going on as we speak, almost two years later.
All through this I'm still with the fire service until I get hurt at a fire last christmas. The injury puts me out of action until last week when I get cleared for duty, pending refresher training.

The end result?

I'm a wreck. My self-esteem is gone. My sense of purpose is gone. Our money is gone. I can't even buy sweets for my kids. 

So, here I am. Maybe things will get better once I'm back on duty but...right here, right now? I think my family need my death-in-service payment and my pension more than they need me.

I really meant to help, you know, but I got it all so horribly wrong at every turn. At least my kids are great kids. Maybe just their existence is enough to make up for mine? 

Anyway, that's the short version. Thanks for listening.


