I don't know what I expect from this.I'm sorry in advance if I've broken any rules with this post, it's my first on reddit after years of only observing and to post it is taking all the confidence I have left.

I'm sorry for the following wall of text. I'm not good at expressing how unable to cope with life I am, retelling the situations that I believe caused this is is all I could think of.

This christmas has broken me, I spent more days than I can count of this year looking forward to today. Last year was the first real christmas I'd spent with my mother and felt like a family.

I was blind for the early years of my life, was present for the early part of schooling but may as well not have been for the social experience I got out of it. At 15 just about the time I started to build a shred of social confidence my parents divorced, my father took it very badly and threatened me that if I didn't go with him, I'd never see him again. Mum was very understanding when I relayed his threat and as such never attempted to take custody of me, my younger brother staying with her though. He moved into the middle of nowhere (for the purpose of isolation) and began drinking and smoking weed in excess. Barely a month passed before he'd gotten lonely of doing it alone and started supplying me with as much as I wanted of both. There was no one else around, nothing to do, I smoked every day this way for 2 years, avoiding drinking due to being terrified of him when he did and not wanting to become that myself. My 16th birthday was spent pleading with him NOT to order prostitutes, a plea which he ignored and I was only saved from this due to him having an out of service number. During this I was poisoned against my mother, listening to him blame her for our every problem day and night caused me to hate her. I started to believe his lies about her having cheated, unable to see the clearly insane and hateful man feeding me this information. I was fearful of him when he grew angry at this time but during these two years he never physically hurt me. He found a partner online at this time and we moved to a location considered to be a tourist destination, on weekends it was populated but a ghost town during the week, I struggled to make friends in this environment and school had long since passed as an option for me to help the process. At this time, while living with his partner, his outbursts started to take physical form. It started with grabbing my shoulder and squeezing hard enough to cause pain, moved to shoving until one night drunken and enraged that I was failing to find a job shoved me into the corner of a room and attempted to kick me. He tried twice, I blocked both before dashing out the door, i sat the night on a bench before going to the job employment services (the only government building I was familiar with) and pleaded for help. The angel of a lady there managed to find a contact number for my mother. Mum didn't even ask what had happened, she immediately asked where I was and if I wanted her to come get me. That is where the hard part of my life ended. Since then I've managed to progress, had a three year relationship and even come out of the breakup with my hopes intact. Last Christmas was when I finally came home to stay with mother again properly, as stated it was the first time I'd felt like I was with my family. This christmas, today, I woke to the day having passed, the presents were open, including the present we'd triple wrapped to watch my dog (my best friend) open. And everyone was back in their rooms. This broke me, I'd looked forward to this morning all year. The moment I was back in my room after discovering everything had passed I broke, I was cowering in the corner of my room with the kitchen knife running across my wrists, didn't matter how much pressure I applied, that thing was just too blunt to cut me. This is not a usual behaviour for me, there was no plea for help, I just returned to my room and attempted to take my life. I'm horrified by this, I'm horrified by having spent the rest of the day behind a locked door, the knife in one hand alternating between running it over my arm and pointing it at the door in fear whenever I heard someone passing by. I was saved by a knife being blunt and never want to be in this situation again. I'm terrified to reach out for help, I can't continue to spend so much energy to get through each day though. I've booked several psychologists visits, I get there and am either unable to properly talk about things, skim over details that are important to me and am too scared to go back to them or just leave completely disheartened that this is clearly their job and they don't care at all. I'm yet to make it to my fourth session, this has lead to my doctor placing something on my record stating as such that now has me even more scared to try again.

Again, I don't know what I expect of this though any advice is appreciated.