I was having a good weekend, but it all fell apart today because I got inside of my own headEvery week, I inch closer and closer to truly wanting to kill myself, as my opinion on myself just lessens every day, and all of the good days I have are not deserved.

This past Saturday, I had probably the most enjoyable night I've had in well over a month. I played in my orchestra club, hung out with friends at a Halloween party, and super drunk. It was great fun.

Yesterday, I spent all day getting ripped apart by my professor for not getting some stuff done for a class I have been assisting him in, and then catching up on that work for hours.

Today, I worked with the other assistants for the course on stuff, then proceeded to have a panic attack and dip back into depression because I feel like a dumbass failure for having a 3.4 GPA in a CS major who will never achieve anything because he also sucks at technical interviews and truly knows absolutely nothing and will never be valuable to an employer or company that actually matters in the world.

Then I proceeded to upset my mother by telling her my feelings and making her worry about me. I'm going home to see her and the rest of my family so it'll be interesting to see how she reacts in person. I haven't told my parents that I've been suicidal. 

I feel like I've ruined my life exclusively because of my GPA being not outstanding, and this semester has been such a bitch that it's bound to stay the same or dip just a little, which due to my irrational way of thinking, is bound do drive me fucking insane. 

I want to kill myself. I'm such a dumb, useless sack of shit who makes the same mistakes over and over again because of overconfidence and hubris. I can't do anything right. Everything bad that ever happens to me is my fault, I have no one to blame but myself.

If I don't get an A on my most recent programming project that I put hours of work into last week and made sure it's 100% right, that will probably be the last straw and I'll just end it. I'll feel so incompetent and hopeless because I made such a simple mistake that none of my peers made.

I've been keeping a knife on my desk for weeks now, but I think the bridge close to my apartment building will be good enough.

Why am I even bothering to study for another quiz right now. Fuck it.