Feeling trapped and backed into a cornerDunno what to say . 35 years old diagnosed with bipolar 2, cptsd, ocd and general anxiety disorder . I don’t really remember a time in my life when I have truely been happy . My depression and mood swings have ruined pretty much every job and relationship I have been in . It’s alienated me from my family . I had a nervous breakdown on my way to work the day of my 34th birthday and haven’t been able to work since . My older brother let me live with him for  almost a year and then he and  as well as his wife we had a big fallout last July (haven’t talked since and probably never will ) and I’ve been having to live at my moms like an asshole ever since which has made me feel even worse . Been seeing a psychiatrist and the meds (lamictal ) I am on have made my symptoms worse including outbursts of anger and she doesn’t want to do anything but up my benzos. Now on my moms last good graces and get the feeling I’m going to get the boot from here soon . My next step is being homeless . Really feel like I am nearing the end. Keep applying for jobs and getting no responses and when I am able to work 3-4 weeks before having another brake down and having to quit . Have dental problems and no $ to fix them so in a lot of pain constantly as well. Last night I started to kind of word out my note and plan things out . I was staring at my klonopin bottle and a bottle of oxycodone that I didn’t use from a medical procedure earlier this year . I decided I didn’t want my mom or any other family to “find me “ and be traumatized. I then started to drive to the Tacoma narrows bridge . Parked there and just sobbed for like an hour . Called the suicide line and damn was the guy I talked to worthless . Props for these People giving up their time to help but shit I felt worse when I got off the phone . Ended up basically crying myself to sleep in my car before waking up to a security guard knocking on my window . I think he could tell I was upset and that plus my general location to the bridge clued him into the situation . We talked for 30 minutes , he talked me into going home and talking to my family and gave me his contact info . Finally it seemed like someone cared . Back home now . Still depressed . You win life ..I’m here for now . 

Sorry for the rant . Just wanted to put my thoughts and experiences on “paper” and this seemed like the appropriate venue.