So.... Life went to hellOkay I [29F] was dating my high school sweetheart. And it was bliss he spent the majority of his 20's trying to get back to me....

BF picked me up from rock bottom 3 years ago and I was busting ass trying to build a better life for us.... I was trying to make up for all the  money I pissed away on drugs and at the casinos. I was trying to catch up to others my age and I thought we were in an agreement... That yes it sucked now, but we would have a house by next year and I would switch jobs and have my degree finished... 

So when he had a work girlfriend.... My world was upside down - - I always thought that it was gonna be me who fucked it up.... I was completely blindsided and turns out that with me working a job and a half and going to school full-time - - he thought I was on my way out as well.

I work 12-hour overnights by myself. I sleep during the day by myself.... Being even just okay is difficult. I lost all of my friends between 3 deployments in 6 years and multiple rounds of meth addiction.

We reconciled... It was a rough week. I had just switched my antidepressant meds the day before and had a midterm the day I discovered their texts. I had my first panic attack since I was 13 and I broke a door....

It was a rough week... I bawled in his arms for hours and helped consoled me, gave me access to all of his accounts - - to help me trust him again, he swore his love to me, said that I was supposed to be the mother of his children.

Meanwhile, I try to fight though this.... Less than a person feeling that has overcome me, I miss another test and an essay, I am pretty behind, especially considering my inability to concentrate on literally anything. (I had a 90% or better in all 3 of my classes and got 100%s on both of my botany tests...) but, I still feel like I can get caught up.
Plus, BF and I are trekking along, not great but I haven't cried in days.

Literally everything I do is a task, I miss more classes but, I'm not down yet.... Because we were getting better.... 

This morning, literally a week from our Last revelation he waits until I am home and in bed and stoned after my 13.5 hour overnight of depressed hell..... And he tells me that he's not happy and it's over.... Despite the fact that I asked him if he was happy a million times after the first episode.... I gave him so many chances to get out... But he waited until I was steady and sure I was going to be okay to rip the floor out from under me. 

BF is my only sober friend.. And I can't lean on him. I'm done.... I never ever want even imaged losing him ever, let alone twice.... He was my end game. I need help and have no where to run. I don't want to make a scene with him or punish him with guilt... And I can't go back to my dad's ill be back in the meth game again, I have no reason to say no..... 
Actually sounds nice.... But I worked so hard to get here and I'm not going to throw it away because of him, I don't trust myself to get caught up in school... And I really do need help I was going to go to the ER for suicidal intentions.... The thought has crossed my mind.... I know it's dumb... And right now I am fine... But, it gets dark.... It's been dark, and he's turned off all the lights. 

And he's getting the dogs, he brought them into my life.... And losing him is hard, losing his family is hard (they've been my family since I was 15)... But I do not think I can make it without the dogs.... Which is ridiculous... I know. 

I will be fucked if I end up owing the school money.. And it will probably be the reason out if I could pause for two more weeks.... But, the last day to withdraw without assessment.. The 11th.

Basically, what will happen to all my FASFA, and student aid if I have documented mental health history, and when I finally reach out for help... I'm not going to make it without help, I'm already running around with the same old druggie crowd trying to run from my problems, that's what I'm good at... 

I just need a pause. 
. 