I hate my lifeIdk my seems pointless and regret is the hardest thing to get over.I entered high school with such confidence, I knew who I was. I was smart, popular in elementary school, all my teachers loved me, and I had a great social life. I was destined for greatness. I chose a small high school in my town because I wanted a “community” feel. My first semester was utter hell. I only had one friend, no one talked to me, I was seen as a loser, and life was just terrible. All my expectations of high school were shut down. I wasn’t invited anywhere, and no one wanted to even give me a chance. I spent my days crying, so disappointed in myself. Eventually by second semester I made friends, and by grade ten I was in a friend group. But I soon developed anxiety and depression. I kept having thoughts that all of my friends hated me, I couldn’t develop a close relationship with anyone, and I just felt so alone. I stopped doing the things I was passionate about, I stopped taking care of myself, I was binge eating everyday. I ended up fat and ugly, and even dropped out of all my AP courses. I’m a junior now heading into senior year, and everything was just a disappointment. I didn’t go to crazy parties, I didn’t have a boyfriend, didn’t have my first kiss, didn’t even go after my passions as much as I should have. I feel like the years just passed by me and I sat and watched it go. I’m just so sad and disappointed in myself. I feel like a loser and a disappointment. I hate myself, and I feel like it’s too late to make any changes with a year left, since time goes by so quickly. I hate myself to the core, and I wish I could do it all again or even pick a different high school. I feel like I wasted my teen age years. Anyways for the past weeks have been plagued with this regret and this sadness. I just don't understand why this happened, I had so much potential. Is there something wrong with me? Am I born to suck at life? I don't even know who I am anymore, and I no longer have the strength to pick myself up or have hope for anything better. :(