i want to die because im fathi everyone.

i have had severe suicidal ideation bcus of my weight. im 24 yrs old and around 130 kg (286 lbs) and i have severe illnesses that prevents me from losing weight. 

5 years ago i had normal weight of 60 kg (132 lbs) but then without any major changes in my diet or exercise my periods stopped and i started gaining weight rapidly. Nobody listened to me when i tried to reach out to doctors to get help early on and i tried things they suggested for me to do, in vain.

now just recently i got diagnosed with pcos and sleep apnea and both are known to make losing weight extremely difficult. i still got cronic stomach pain almost daily and i have started bleed ocassionally when going number two, i dont know what it is really but obviously it sucks. 

i have been suicidal since teenager and have pretty bad depression and it has gotten worse now i cant even control my body anymore. i smell food and i feel like my body gains weight from that. 

I feel ugly and i refuse look into the mirror. I avoid going outside in fear of judgement and shame. I feel like i should not exist because i cant even change my apperance. i feel like i got no worth. I can't find any strength to love myself or tolerate myself and majority of society seems to think that's how it should be for us that are fat. i can't help it, i try but nothing changes for me no matter what i do. i feel like quitting my hobbies, just to avoid people seeing me. i feel like giving up. like every moment im outside i should try to prove my worth to myself and to the world, im exhausted. 

i still exercise somewhat regularly, but i eat poorly. i barely remember to eat or then eat all the food for one day on one sitting. i should space that out throughout the day, but its hard to remember when depressed. 

im a trans man so this causes dysforia for me as well. because of my weight they refuse to make any surgeries on me and people constantly assume im a female because big chest. 

it makes me miserable to think i will never be able to have a body i want and not be taunted by the thought of how fat and ugly i am. if this is what rest of my life will be i dont want it. i try not to be bitter but it seems like life is making everything that matters to me extremely difficult. almost impossible for me to reach and i have been reaching and working so hard my short life that i find it unfair that this is the situation i live in, why cant i have at least one thing easy for me? 

im depressed and unable to work because i overworked myself to a point of a burnout and im still trying to recover. i feel alone because despite having friends and trying to have professional help im always left alone to deal with everything, i live off from welfare and im done. i wish i could have at least a pretty face and thin body, but sadly this is the reality i live in. 

i feel like i will choke on my fat, i think i deserve it.