Suicide thoughtsThis is my story (long read)

The worst day in my life was when I was 19. My grandpa died that day. He was my god, the person I can say I loved without any reasons, and he loved me so much. I could not believe it really happened, though it was expected and I thought I am used to a fact he will die soon. It was so unfair. I hated all these people around me who could not understand this loss. It was so unfair!!! 

But even that time I did not think of a suicide seriously. 

Now I am 33, I’ve just moved to a shitty rent apartment from my family, women who I loved and my kids. Just a few days since we divorced. It hurts so much.

The thing that scares me most is I think of it seriously, like it is a proper choice amongst others. 

I am not a teenager, but I feel so lost. It was one of the reasons of divorce, I lost myself, could not find any reason to move further. All the time I was just thinking about my problems, there was no place in my head for my beloved. And now I lost them, it hurts so much.

You know, there is a guy, name John Frusciante. He is ex-RedHotChilliPeppers guitarist. He was depressed because of all the popularity which they had after their first platinum album was released, and left the group.

I was always wondering why in latest RHCP clips, when he returned to the company again, John’s teeth are so unnaturally white. Then I found the explanation.

He felt so low. He lost all of his friends, started H (drug) heavily. He was living like a bum in his house full of dirt and insects. He lost almost all of his teeth - yeah, kids, your body is rotten when you are on drugs heavily.

The last point of his falling was fire. He put his house on fire accidentally one time. He almost died, had a lot of heavy burns. His tapes all were burnt down in that fire.

You can see John’s scars in Californication clip, at his left arm. Starting from this day, he only grew up. He got all of his shit together and started fighting for himself. He is now the person who is believed to be a main part of most influential rock groups of 90’s. I don’t know if he is happy or not, but seems like he is enjoying himself.

But why in hell am I so scared, knowing this story? How can I even consider suicide as an option? I feel no strength or energy to do something. To live further. Trying to cheer up myself, but all the cheers I send inside of me are being broken by my evil alter-ego.

Fuck, I did not cry since my grandpa died. I was screaming and crying so much that day. Now I am crying like a girl every day. I feel I lost my life, all by my fault, and nothing is ahead. I wanna fight this emptiness so much, but I feel I am losing that fight.

May be I behave just like Tyler Durden and my problem is nothing in comparison to any of other struggling people here, but fuck I feel so lonely and meaningless. I feel so pity to myself, and I feel shame for that. Mostly, I am typing it now just to express myself, to speak to myself, to say hey, man, you know the worst day of your life, right? Cheer up, mate. But I can not even think of my family (which I lost) without pain, and I think of them every time. 

Thank you for reading this flow of my thoughts. I really needed to write it down.