I cannot take this harsh unfair life anymoreI don’t know where to start. There's so much on my mind and I cannot even think anymore. It’s been two years I have suicidal thoughts but I made up my mind recently and I came up with a perfect plan to end my miserable life. I’m just waiting for the appropriate time to do it.


I born in a fucked up third-world country. As I remember I was bullied and mocked for my physical appearance and beliefs in school and society. Also, my parents fought all the time. These lead me to severe social anxiety which I carry it till now.

I'd been kicked out of college on the first semester because of my beliefs. So I started to learn software development a little bit and working freelance for a while. I was really happy with it and made some money but life had some other plans for me. I got a chronic pain in my kidneys and jaw, spend all my little savings on doctors and meds, couldn’t diagnose the pain and meds didn’t help. I couldn’t concentrate on anything or learn new stuff because of those pains, which lead me to lose my freelance job and depression. I had to cope with those pains for almost 2 years until they suddenly went away. Happy time! It was the time to get back to my freelance job which I loved it, but no! I cannot be happy in my life! After a short time, I felt something is wrong with my eyes, couldn’t read text on screens anymore while I saw them clearly. I tired different optometrists and ophthalmologists, the offered me different eyeglasses which not also didn’t help me, but also gave me anxiety and eye strain. Bye my lovely job and hello to a deeper level of depression.

After these events, I migrated to another country to start a new life and experience freedom. I was such a naive.  My depression and social anxiety got worse due to new environment and language. Met 2 psychoanalysts and psychiatrists, started to take meds, didn’t help, they changed the med types couple of times, didn’t help and finally stopped the meds. 

I have good dental hygiene but recently realized I have tooth decay in almost all of my teeth because of acid reflux and weak enamel. Well fuck! I don’t have money to fix them. But this is not the end. I thought going to college, meeting new people and getting a degree could help me, so I applied for it, but boom! another one! Some documents of my immigration are missing so I cannot get financial aid or loan. I don’t know what to do. I don’t have any skills to get a job to make a living. Not an office job because cannot look at computer screens for a long time, not any customer service jobs because I suck at communicating with people even in my native language let alone the new one, not even physical jobs because of my underweighted and weak body (which I cannot do anything about it since it’s because of fast metabolism), and have no friends or connections.

Now I am a 27 years old man which is poor, working part-time minimum wage job without any interactions with humans, ugly, underweighted like starving kids in Africa, lonely, with severe depression and social anxiety, has no personality, has no skills, has communication problems, never had a relationship, has no friends, has no future and even cannot afford a room.

It’s really hard to talk about these with my relatives because they are all successful and happy so they don’t understand me. The only time I talked about this with them they just proved it and made it worse by saying its nothing important and compared my situation with other people’s life. It’s bullshit… If they want to compare, why don’t they compare it with people who are better than me?
 
I was a smart, creative, realist kind person years ago but now my brain is rotting away. I don’t even know myself anymore. I’m nothing but hate, anger, negative thoughts and cannot concentrate and learn anything new anymore. There is literally nothing that makes me happy and nothing is fun. I envy when I see young couples, successful and happy people or the rich.  Sometimes deep-down I feel good when I see people fail, but I hate myself for that at the same time.  I don’t care about anyone anymore, a month ago my uncle who I liked him so much, told me he has cancer while he was crying, but I didn’t and don’t feel any sadness. 

My life wasn’t easy, and I know it’s been worse for many people, but they want to live! I’m weak and cannot live like this. What’s the point of life when I cannot be like a normal person in society, when I cannot enjoy anything and when every day is agony? So I want to put an end to this misery. It will hurt my family but I cannot take it anymore. The only thing I can do for them is making it look like an accident so they don’t have to deal with thoughts like they could prevent it or it’s their fault.  