I think I'm about to kill myself. I've lost the love of my life and my family this week. My whole world is finished. I put my all into it and it's gone and I can't go on without it.I'm just going to copy and paste what happened.


Angela came home today and dropped a huge bomb on me. She saI'd that she's been feeling for years that she was bisexual and that it started off as her only being curious and gradually shifted to her preferring women to men. Now, she says she realized she's a lesbian.

That explains the lack of intimacy and rejection over the past few months. 

There's a child involved in this relationship. A 5 (I meant 6) year old little girl that I've raised as my own daughter. She's the biological child of a guy from a previous relationship. He has nothing to do with her. 

I love Angela and McKenna so much and the life I've known and was planning for has come crumbling down. 

This hurts so intensely badly that I can't even cry. I've hardly been able to draw breath. I'm just sitting in the dark and my mind is racing between rage and sorrow. 

Just like that, it's all over.  

I'll be honest, idk where I'm going from here. I've thought about staying in McKenna's life as her dad and I honest-to-god don't think I am strong enough to handle that. Especially if her mother starts to date someone else. I'm thinking I just have to remove myself for my own sake.

I have to make the best decision for myself, right? I have to look out for my own well being just like Angela does.

I've seriously considered suicide multiple times today. I'm falling apart. 

I feel torn in half with regards to how I feel about Angela. One second I love her more than anything and the next I feel seething hatred.


  
  ---   
  **tl;dr**: My girlfriend told me that she is a lesbian. This obviously ends the relationship. I've been a father to her child for her entire life. What am I obligated to do? Is it wrong of me to look after my own emotional well being and remove myself entirely? McKenna will do no good with me being around and being miserable. What should I do?


I just can't go on with life anymore. I'm finished