GoodbyeLots of questions will be left unanswered for me, and the people who knew me. They'll wonder why. I'm so young. But it doesn't matter. I'm sure whatever secrets I had won't matter, and they'll die with me. My sexuality being one of them. Being gay has eaten me alive, and no one will know that that's the reason I did it. And I'm glad I've kept it for so long. I realised the only way I can be alive is if I stayed hidden; which I had no problem with. I knew the costs of coming out. Not because of society, just because I knew what it would've meant for my life. 

This has been going on behind the scenes for 5 years. No one knew about it. And I'm glad they didn't. It has sucked the soul out of me, and I didn't want anyone to see me like this. I knew what it would've meant for my life. I mean, I was already empty and lonely as it was when I was hiding; can you imagine how much worse it would've been if everyone knew? Man. That would've been a huge disaster waiting to happen. 

And I know what you're probably thinking "if you were fine with hiding it, why did you die?". Well, put it this way. I still knew. It was still a burden on my mind. A burden then kept running through my mind, everyday. I knew it wasn't worth it. I hoped and prayed that one boy can come a change my mind and itll be over. But it just doesn't work that way. Death is a part of life, that we will all face. I'd rather end mine, with a smile on my face and being happy in my last few moments because I knew it was done. I'll just be gone. 

I will be leaving nothing behind. No good thing. No girlfriend. I never had one. No astonishing achievements or a best friend. I'll just be gone. And that's okay, I'm sure they'll get over my death quickly enough. 

No one why the suicide rates are sky high within the gay community. It's a sucky life. I lived it. They would never know, because you're not. I wouldnt pray on my worst enemy to be gay, and have every choice and happiness be taken from you and theres nothing you can do about it. It's a pretty awful existence. And it has reached a point for me, that the only way I can change is by being gone. I'm stuck and I can't move at all. I hope no one experiences what I went through. 

You know, when I was alive, it wasn't that bad. Well, it wasn't that bad before I realised it. I was still a bit iffy, but fine overall. The last few years of my life were difficult. I was just getting everything started, straight out of high school. My life was starting, it was very messy. But I knew what my life was going to consist of and what was going to happen. People are right when they say life is unpredictable. It's true. It really is. I can't sit here and say I knew what my life was going to be. But I knew who i was. That is all I knew. 

It's over. Goodbye. I hope whoever reads this can beat this thing.