[19F] PTSD from recent abortion and the anniversary of my mom's death are making me want to tear myself apart.I had an abortion on December 3. I didn't want to. I wanted to keep it. I wasn't forced into my decision though. I came to the conclusion that I really, really, really want kids.. and that it wouldn't be fair to this kid or any others I had later on to have this one now, because I can't provide what they would deserve, and my partner and I need to build up some financial stability so that when we do have kids, we can do what we need to for them. It was the hardest decision I've ever had to make. It's like I'm caught in a limbo - I chose it so I don't have the right to feel the same way as women who have had miscarriages do, but I didn't want to choose it and it feels like it was taken from me.

The procedure itself was horrible. I was the sixth in line, and the women who came out from their surgeries all said it wasn't that bad and that their nurses held their hands and talked them through it. I guess I got the one nurse that didn't. She was cold to me and stood off in the corner expressionless during the whole thing. It only lasted a few minutes but it was the worst pain I've ever felt. I regretted my decision the second it started - not just because of the pain, but because it was like grief just immediately crashed into me. I cried the entire road trip back home. 

Since then I believe I've developed PTSD. I don't like to self-diagnose, but it seems pretty undeniable. Most days I can't handle hearing or seeing anything triggering - photos of babies, cheesy quotes about motherhood, news articles about abortion rights, etc. without having a panic attack or crying for an hour. Other days I obsess over those things and dig myself deeper into hating myself. The sound of vaccuums or fans triggers a panic attack. I'm constantly on edge and jumpy; I've had panic attacks from being startled or just for no reason at all. I've literally had one in a dream and then woken up and had a real one. I've flashbacked to the procedure. I'm depressed and I have no energy and I'm emotionally volatile. It's wearing on my relationship with my boyfriend because he doesn't understand my pain, even though he tries to help, and because I keep snapping on him for no reason.

I feel like a massive burden to him and everyone around me. I feel like a terrible person for my decision, even though I'm prochoice. I feel empty and I feel loss. I want it back everyday. I failed the last three classes I took because I stopped going after I found out I was pregnant. I don't have a license because of vision problems. I don't have my own friends because I can't drive and don't want to make other people drive me around. I feel useless and I just want to stop bothering everyone. This Wednesday (Feb 3) is also the anniversary of my mom's death when I was 15, and I haven't been consciously thinking about it much, but I keep thinking how alike her I am (probably going to become an alcoholic and abusive) and it's wearing on me. I'm just going to end up ruining everything for my boyfriend and for our kids if we have them. I just want to tear myself apart from the inside out and erase myself from his memory. 