Why am I like this?I work in a job where I often spend 6-8 hours just standing in back doing the same task the entire time. This unfortunately means I have alot of time to think. No matter what I start the day thinking about I usually end up in the topic of death, specifically mine. When I first started the job about 3 months ago I was in alot worse shape, having just gone through some life altering events. I had been kicked out by my Nars parents after 18 years of emotional, mental and sometimes physical abuse. I wanted to leave as soon as I turned 18 but didn't have any money, so was trying to save and they kicked me out a couple weeks later. My amazing brother took me in and got me a job with some people he knows. Anyways directly after all of this I spent Pretty much every day fantasizing about different ways to kill myself. I now owe my brother some money and my death would screw him over. So I got by, by thinking something similar to "once you pay him back, you can go ahead" and started self harming again. Drinking and using rec drugs in my off time has also helped me cope. After spending so much time with him, I realized that if I committed suicide I would cause him genuine pain. Now I fantasize, hoping something bad will happen and result in my death. I think about all the different ways. A robber could come into the shop and kill me, I could be walking home in the dark and get hit by a car. But several times a day I think about how easy it would be to jump in front of a car or train on my morning commute, how easily I could get lost in the woods by out house, how I could make it look like an accident. But for the most part I'm not constantly thinking of ways to do it myself. I'm not sure if this counts as an improvement.

One of my work friends that I talk to ( for the most part not about this stuff) told me that she thinks I may have manic depression and somewhat severe anxiety. I agree with her assessment and think I may also have ADHD, and possibly some form of PTSD bc of my upbringing. Im starting to feel like a crazy person. Why are there (potentially) so many things wrong with me. I can't talk to a doctor or therapist about my suspicions bc I have no medical insurance and absolutely cannot afford to. Sorry for making you read such a long post, and if you took the time to read all of that, thanks. ( Probably cross posted somewhere)