The idea of killing myself is comfortingI find when things get difficult my first reaction is to break down but I've heard life gets better when you fight.. Idk.. I'm 23 now and since before puberty I had this deep nagging fear that like my inner voice KNEW this life would be too much and wanted to take pity on me early filling my thoughts with suicide anytime tgings got hard like a pacifier "dont worry youre not gonna make it passed 16 just relax" I genuinely believed that and then pushed the deadling to 18 saying the same things " high school sure is rough good thing I'll kill myself before grad" but there was always something. A cat or dog who looked up to me like a parent, a friend far more verbal about their much smaller scale problems or a family member giving me flight risk eyes. But the thought was always there. Talking about killing myself became a fun joke but to me it was a protective mantra " you don't have to deal with this youre going to kill yourself.. But I'm still hear. I try to believe things get better eventually and things had in some ways ( no more parental abuse, no more toxic family members) but now im just left with the aftermarks. I've recently been diagnosed because of head injuries sustained while at home from the woman who gave me life. I'm isolating myself and giving into my paranoia because I feel safe drowning in anxiety. I fantasize killing myself like a boy thinks of breasts. I know what happens to everyone around me when i do so I can't but i would consider it a blessing to be caught between 2 semis. I feel like a shook up beehive always and ive become a shadow of the person i once was. Got to therapy they said and i did. I was never taken seripusly. I was seen as just another lonely kid who had trouble making friends. Never asking the right questions or even trying to care. Professionals are out for a paycheck and you're friends and family have better things to do than listen to youre woes and there's always advice or psychoanalyzation afterwards? Sometimes I am sad and cry and don't always know why and I'd rather be held in silence than answer your why's that i myself dont understand. My parents don't talk to me. My brother attacks me. My coloring books are covered in dust and my elliptical is a fancy coat rack. I've heard the suggestions and i know what half of you ate going to say but really this isn't a cry for help i just need to know there's someone out there using their death as a security blanket. My outlook is dark but at times its freeing. I just needed to talk to someone who actual went looking for the topic.