Just because you're paranoid ...Here's the thing. I'm not going to kill myself. I know that. I know I'm stronger than that. Or at least enough people seem to think I'm stronger than that that I don't want to let them down. But I promised a friend that I'd post here if I was thinking about suicide again, so here I am ...

I'm 30, but emotionally I feel 16. I've been diagnosed with depression ad anxiety, but since I'm good at coping with it I've never known if I have a serious condition or anything. But my mind just isn't great at coping with a lot of stuff.

I've been working hard towards two things in recent years: to find happiness and to be a great games designer. I'm close. So close. But today I had the worst, most emotionally draining chewing-out from my boss. He knows I have talent and enthusiasm and ideas, but the quality of my work, and the work I let get through, sucks ass. I'm my diligent enough, I don't take enough care, and it's putting pressure on everyone else to pick up my shit, and making the company look bad in front of clients.

Then I get home, ad out technical director sends me an email because of something similar.

This causes me to be a bit snippy to my girlfriend, who then gives me the silent treatment all night, until I try to talk to her only to discover she feels she's been trying to cheer me up all week, and ran out f patience. Even after I explain the situation, she doesn't have one iota of compassion for me becaue she's mad about a short "honey, it's a work email, gimme a minute" - fr which I apologised right after.

So I'm fucking up at work, my job doesn't fit what I do, my girlfriend and I don't seem to be compatible and generally I wish I could shake my life like an etch a sketch and start over, only I think I'm too old and I kinda blame myself for being in this situation in the first place. I've started over a good couple times now as still ended up fucking things up.

The saying goes that "Just because you're paranoid, it doesn't mean they're not after you". Well, just became I'm depressed doesn't mean my life isn't shit and I'm not an asshole and an idiot who can't do better.