The inevitableTwo major causes for issues right now. Written as two separate paragraphs.

At about the age of 12 I felt that sinking feeling that I really was gay, and not just confused. Shortly after that I became a closeted proud gay teen waiting for the right time to come out. As time went on I began to feel more and more depressed and started cutting my arm. This whole time I was feeling further and further away from God, and not because I felt he abandoned me, but that I abandoned Him. I hadn't been to Church in 6 six years save for special holidays or funeral's. I got back into churchand started really praying and studying into what God was showing me on homosexuality. I had decided that the best way for me to honor the Lord was to pursue a celibate lifestyle. As time went on I got more involved within the body of Christ. Over the past few years things have gotten back to me desiring a family, but knowing that I could never marry a woman, and that I promised God I wouldn't partake in gay relationships. I am now 31 years old and realizing that I will grow old alone.


Since I was in 7thbor 8th grade I was sent to see a shrink and my dad was told that I had ADHD and I was put on Adderall, Zoloft, Wellbutrin at different times....in school I always seemed to repel people and the few that could tolerate me I stuck like glue to until I pushed them away as well. I could never focus and take in what the teachers were talking about. I could however tell you all about Corvettes in minute details. Or exactly which TV shows were on which channel at what time for that week. Just recently I was made aware of the fact that I am likely on the Autism Spectrum rather than ADHD or just bring a weirdo like I thought I was.

It feels like there are three options. 

A) grow old alone being the gay ASD weirdo that annoys people (same as now but old) Die one day and be with God

B) continue to fight the depression battle until one day I succumb to my own hand. Die and be separated from God.

C) quit being celibate... hopefully obtain a partner... hopefully depression lightens...die one day and be separated from God

*Not here for a religious debate. Please respect my views and I will respect yours.*