Existence terrifies meExistence terrifies me.

I am terrified about the potential level of pain a being can face in this universe. It honestly scares the shit out of me: to the point of considering suicide. 

For example, a person could place another person in an oven and cook them for just enough that the pain is unbearable, but not enough to kill them. They could do this for every day of their life. And nothing in this universe could stop them. 

What kind of God would allow a world like this to be possible?  If anything created this world, it would have had to have been a demon.

I realize that there is joy in this world as well, but it honestly just doesn't seem worth the pain. I've already been in a lot of pain in this life. 

Besides, I don't enjoy life. Why is suicide not an option? I never chose to live in this world. My friends and family shouldn't have the right to force me to continue this life out of pressuring me with guilt. 

Unlike many suicidal / depressed people, I don't hate myself. In fact I love myself very much. That is why I want to end this pain. I have never enjoyed life. Nothing here seems worth it enough to keep me here. This place is hell at the worst times and boring at the best times. I can't live another ~50 years. What's even the god damn point: so that I don't "hurt" family members / friends? Are they really that selfish? 

It always feels like therapists / this board isn't honest with reality. Not everyone can be saved / fixed. Some people are screwed up permanently and will be miserable their entire lives. No amount of medication / therapy can help some people. Besides, isn't it someones right to be able to kill themselves for whatever reason they choose? Why should someone suffer years of misery? What's the point? 

I really wish that I was never born. I hate everything about reality. I hate God. I honestly think that it would be in the best interests for humanity is we just stopped reproducing and died out. This universe doesn't feel fit for human life. 