read something on TVTropes and am now suicidal yet again (trigger warning: sexual harassment, domestic violence)here's what I read: [Avoiding Sexual Harassment](https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/UsefulNotes/AvoidingSexualHarassment)

I am an autistic 39-year-old, never dated or tried to date because I was terrified of creeping girls out or being seen as a creep/pervert. Since my father was profoundly abusive to women, physically, psychologically, sexually, financially, etc., I would rather die than be an enemy of women or be a source of hatred or disgust to them, especially if because of something I cannot control like my sexual feelings and drives, even if just by accident. Consequently I have been suicidal most of my adult life.

So I go to my therapist and he tells me "Autistic people need to learn social cues by trial and error", yet I know that if I "practice", I WILL make a mistake, and if I do... it will cause distress. It's not that I don't want to live, it's just that wouldn't my death be a great gift to womankind? To have one less guy out there that is so pervy that he wants to have relationships, even if he has to "practice" and maybe make someone uncomfortable? After all, intentions don't matter, and if she doesn't want me to flirt with her, i have harassed her, since it's unwanted. Even being friendly can be mistaken for flirting, which can be seen as creepy or unwanted.

Flirt only in places coded as social... I am disabled, on fixed income, and with a massive debtload. Plus I am on antidepressants and can't drink. Not getting to a lot of social places. Locker room talk is no good because apparently I have to be disgusted by sex to be morally acceptable. And what's with "treating someone like a human being, not an object"? If I'm flirting with someone, aren't I treating them like an object (i.e. someone I'm interested in being sexually involved with)?

OK, now I'm rambling so I'll stop.

**tl;dr: isn't it better to die than to accidentally mistreat women?**