People who are unfit to have kids shouldn't be allowed to have them.They are basically setting up their kid into a life full of mental illnesses and suffering.

Since I was little my dad has been degrading me and just lowering my self esteem by calling me names like moron, idiot, brain damaged etc over little things. He also used to be mad and shout at me sometimes even hit me over little mistakes which caused me to have anxiety.

At 14 I moved away from him to another country to a boarding school to study. It was hard deciding to stay in a country without family. I thought I would have a better life but I was wrong. The effects of his verbal abuse over the years stayed with me leading to me having social anxiety. Now imagining being alone in a country with your family 9000km away and having social anxiety. It was hard I mostly stayed in my room all day and was jealous of other people making friends and just socialising. It led me to be depressed, even when I needed help studying for an exam I wasn't able to ask for it because of my anxiety, even if they already formed a study group I still couldn't join them. I would have rather failed exams than go to people.

After 2 years while being there I got sick and doctors diagnosed me with brain cancer. Since I was a minor i couldnt be treated without a parent. So my dad flew to me. The doctors there were bad and were doing a lot of medical mistakes which also deteriorated my mental health and my dad did a bit of research and pointed out their mistakes and for that I am grateful. But he still treats me the same way as he treated me before calling me names and even saying stuff like "why were you even born" or "why don't you just die". And sometimes when I'm in pain he acts like he's the victim and he's the one suffering by having to stay in another country because of me.

My mom's no different. All my life she was cheating on my dad which made me very mad. She was also constantly sending us to steal money from my dad when we were little. Even now when i was in the hospital she came and visited me and tried to scam me to get my money. Like a kid living alone in a country and you try to steal his money who does that?. Sometimes I think my dad acts like this because he knows my mom is cheating. Hates to be in a dysfunctional family

Well soon his wish will come true. I'm not going back to that school just to suffer even more. I'm planning to just end it very soon