Life sucks, and I'm tired of it.Life sucks, and again I'm tired of it. If you're reading this, chances are, you're tired of it too. 

Let me tell you about the journey I've been on since September 3rd. 

That was the morning I was raped and recorded by three males including my best friends boyfriend, and my best friend herself, drugging me.

That was the morning I was harassed by a detective asking me how the "dick" tasted and asked me if it was fat, hairy, or long. 

That was the week I was afraid I was impregnated, and caught an STD. It was the week I sat in a planned parenthood alone because I had no friends to go with me, and my family blamed me. 

That was the month that I dropped the case because I was told I had more of a chance of going to jail on a false accusation than the three men and one woman did for rape and sexual assault. 

These past few months I've been seeing insensitive, money sucking counselors who are glorified drug dealers who don't give a shit, and I've been all twisted up in my own affairs. 

To sum those up, I constantly have flashbacks of that morning that no one understands, night terrors and waking up alone, attachment to my ex boyfriend who I'd sleep with every day in order to feel safe. And then to top it all off I'm in love with my best friend who will not show his affection, ever. To know that we love each other immensely but he rejects his feelings. 

So, yeah, I'm tired of life. I've tried to cut myself in the tub but it hurt too much. I've taken pills but not enough in the prescription to do anything, and I've even driven a bit recklessly hoping I'd be taken away. But I won't. I won't commit suicide. I won't do it. Not only because I'm weak, not only because I'm afraid. 

Don't get me wrong, I HATE the flashbacks. I can't eat, I don't have the guts to leave my house at times, and sometimes I get emotional or violent, but I won't lose. 

If I were to kill myself those shit heads who recorded what they did to me could release that video without reprocussions. If I killed myself, I'd become into nothing. I'd be absolutely nothing and only then would my chances of being happy in the future be at 0%. I won't commit suicide because I'm convinced that someone else is exactly in the place that I'm in, because I can't be alone. I couldn't stand it.