I'm not tired of being sad.Being sad is fine. Being sad is a natural feeling, a response to the external, a feeling that is necessary to empathize and understand others and to cope with the tragedy that is our little existence.

If all I felt was sad--even if it was an overbearing, all consuming sadness--I think I would be able to cope. I think I would be able to understand what it was that made me feel so, and try to find a way to absorb it onto my life and move on.

But it's not the sadness I'm tired of. It's my constant failure at everything I've ever done. It's my inability to learn from my mistakes. It's my predisposition to trying to take shortcuts and the easy way out when I fucking know that none exist. It's my tendency to succeed, just marginally, just for a moment, and to think, from then on that I've finally crossed all barriers in my way, now I'm home free and can be the lazy piece of shit I really am, and neglect everything--up to and until I find myself tripping over the same hurdle. Over and over and over again.

It's my inability to act like an adult and pull my shit together and work like a fucking person. It's my incapacity to manage anything--barely going to school, never able to keep a fucking job (let alone do both at the same time), no fucking hobbies, no fucking friends, all my familial relationships are distantly frieny to nonexistant, and obviously no romantic partners, because I'm so fucking off putting to everyone I meet. It's my desire to keep making excuses for myself--"I'm probably deppressed, I'm probably bipolar, Maybe I'm ADHD"--but knowing full well that three different doctors have met with me and concluded that really, I'm fine. Just a lazy piece of shit, but really that's nothing that can be solved with medication.

It's my frustration at knowing I'm always barking up the wrong tree, trying to study in a field I'm too stupid to actually work in, let alone contribute to, that I've wasted my time, my parent's time and money, my teachers time, and whatever money the state threw at me over the last 5 years. I hate myself knowing that the one stupid retail job I'd had in the last 5 years I lost because I couldn't be fucking bothered to show on time. I hate myself because all the courses I should have aced I couldn't be bothered to do the fucking homework for. I hate myself because my problems are infintisimally small to literally everyone else's problems but I can't help but feel like if I'm managing to drown myself with an an eyedropper then I so obviously do not deserve to live among the real people--the real everyday heroes who fucking get up everyday and get to work and school and accomplish their shit while having loved ones die and cars break down and houses catch on fire all the while starving or whatever. 

My bullshit isn't that bad. My bullshit is just me. I'm my biggest fucking problem. And all the selfhelp books and TED talks and planners and mobile reminders and affirmations don't work for shit because I'm obviously shit. I'm beyond help. I'm a waste of space and food and air and time. I'm