Comment response to the deleted "I've got a few days left..." postDear former /u/CrazyShitHead -

I'm sorry that I didn't get to respond before you deleted your account.

I used to study psychology when I was in school. I've studied it, too. I don't make assumptions about your diagnosis or symptoms. Look, I'm going to be frank: it seems like you are making assumptions about me, though. So I'll be clear about myself: those twelve years that I've been severely depressed were constant. For those years, there hasn't been a year or month or week or day where I didn't think about offing myself. No, it isn't usually active suicidal ideation, it's generally passive. But, yes, I am actively suicidal for a period of months a few months out of each year. I'm not here to say that I know what you are going through. I fucking don't. No one could ever truly understand your experiences. I'm just saying, hi, I can relate on some level. You are not some oddball case (your therapists are unprofessional idiots to tell you what they did; mine once told me my problem with trying to kill myself was that I was not committed enough). You are a human like the rest of us, whether that is good or bad is your decision. You eat, sleep, shit, feel pain, bleed, laugh occasionally, and croak. Please don't feel that you are an exception to humanity, because you are not. You deserve to be acknowledged, respected, loved. You deserve comfort and affection and attention. 

I should add that I also take the city bus as transportation. Whaddup. Also, here the thing: I haven't had a true friend since I was a small child. The social anxiety was crippling as I grew up. As a result, I didn't socialize (or leave the goddamn house - agoraphobia is terrible, even as a young one) and, as a result of that, I didn't develop appropriate social skills. Now, here I am, physiologically and adult, but emotionally and socially practically a newborn, wasting away at my parent's house, tens of thousands of dollars in debt, wishing every FUCKING day that I had someone to talk to. But I can't leave my goddamn bed. (At least I no longer abuse prescription drugs?) So there you go. Yes, we're different, but we also have some similarities and that's a start.

If you want support, here you are. I'm here. I can be your first leg for balance. Just shoot me a PM and we can go from there. Either way, I wish you well. 

Edit - Original post: https://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/3i7fdx/ive_got_a_few_days_left/