Explicit Instagram Message (OCD)Before reading, an OCD is an obsessive compulsive disorder. I have obessesive thoughts that I repeat several times a day. 


So I have this vague memory were I though I sended someone an explicit sexual message via Instagram dm.( and deleted it afterwards so I Won’t recalI it back. I panicked and thought that I might have actually send it on the 19th of december and afterwards deleted it. I didn’t hear anything about the message in the meantime. (Might have not sended it (ocd) ) So I decided the best way to know if I actually did it, is to send another message to him but this time in full consisentcy of myself doing it. With (screenshots). So I did that an got back a normal reaction. Whe had a short converstation, but nothing about the first message was mentioned. Still to this day I’m panicking that he has kept it secret and I actually did send something. This memory has been repeated in my head over a 500+ times so I don’t have an actual clear vision anymore that devides my memory from reality. How does this sound to you and do you guys think about it? (He later followed me back)  I actaully have become so obsseses and So I have this vague memory were I though I sended someone an explicit message via Instagram dm. I panicked and thought that I might have actually send it on the 19th of december. I didn’t hear anything about the message in the meantime. (Might have not sended it (ocd) ) So i decided the best way to know if I did it, to send another message to him but this time in full consisentcy of doing it. With (screenshots).  So I did that an got back a normal reaction. Whe had a short converstation, but nothing about the message was mentioned. Still to this day I’m panicking that he has kept it secret and I actually did send something. The memory has been repeated in my head over a 500+ times so I don’t have an actual clear vision anymore that devides my memoryh from reality. How does this sound to you and do you guys think about it? 

Note
(He later followed me back) 

help me I’m pretty stressed out! I believe I didn’t send it but the thoughts make it worse.