I don’t have a reason to get out of bed anymoreY’all idk what to do anymore. I’m so fucking beat. I feel like I have no where else to go. I’m in therapy and on meds, I’ve made big huge steps that were supposed to help and honestly I’m even more miserable. I work full time, also do school full time and had to start a little side business because my guys hours have gotten cut. I hate working 8 hours a day and the place I work got new management so it’s weird but it’s a super small business so there isn’t anything I can really do. My parents keep telling me every job will suck which I know and everyone else keeps saying to wait until xyz and then it’ll all be good. But it isn’t. As soon as my guy leaves early I just wind up crying in bed until I have to go to work, I haven’t called out once. I feel trapped. I know we’re not going to fix the economy and I’ll always struggle with money and I just feel like so many of these problems don’t have solutions. My psychiatrist and therapist have both come to the conclusion I have lots of physical health issues NOT caused by my mental health which I tried to figure out almost two years ago so although I am continuing therapy with my therapist my psych says there’s not a ton left to do because we’re putting a temporary bandaid for something that needs stitches. Doctors completely wrote me off even though tests were coming back abnormal. We get a new insurance on the first so I’m going to basically start all over and have to redo all the test which just exhausts me to think about, I’m tired of having to tell people I’m not lying and that I’m in real insane pain. It just all feels impossible and like nothing has the potential to change. I’ve been told to wait my whole life to finally be happy and I just don’t feel like it’s possible. I have the best guy and he keeps telling me he couldn’t survive without me but that’s the only reason I’m hanging on and that isn’t healthy. Everyone keeps just telling me it will get better and I don’t want to he ungrateful for peoples help but it ends up feeling minimizing and I feel bad because I know people want to help. I just, it’s really bad and with all the “changes” that will happen it’s still years before potentially things even out and even then I know it’s different day same shit. I can’t be hospitalized right now because my guys hours were cut so I’m kinda it money wise, plus my job has so few people it would put them out. I just don’t know what to do. I literally feel like it’s never going to get better and I’m so goddamn tired of crying and being so fucking miserable. I just don’t know what to do but I don’t want to keep doing this