My life if anyone can be arsed I dont blame you if not, long as anything. Just have no one to talk to.End of last year was shit for me, I lost everything that meant purpose of me living my girlfriend, my job, my dog, my house we shared. Lost all in the space of three days. I never regretted anything until then, I live life on respect I always lay my cards on the table first as I'm a sufferer of anxiety I get scared so of doing anything I mean speaking to people throwing up every morning before work anxiety is shit man the thoughts I get that stop me living my life. I've tried to take my life about three times now since it all, guess I'm weak not strong enough to do it I hate attention it's the last thing I want, but the only thing that's on my mind that stops me is my mom and dad I love them alot man I've got scars on my arm now I hope they fade, first night it happend I tried jumping train fence. I really dont know wtf I'm doing I've told no one about this i was so happy with her I never thought this was how I was to end up I was never bullied had plenty of mates in school sessions football xbox. Didnt discover I had anxiety until I was 18 or so never understanding or knowing of something how are you to determine if you have it, I'm 22 years old waiting to see a psychologist, tomorrow actually but I'm scared its torture. I was with my girlfriend since I was 15 went prom had an abortion nothing to be proud of but yh been through alot seen a few places and told each other from time to time how were together for every uno the sassy shit 7 fucking years of my life never cheated I can trust her too she's was so loyal but my head denied for no fucking reason paranoid anxious nervous whatever the fuck it was it burnt me out and confused me with agitation and I took it out on her by going in stupid moods not talking nd shit how pathetic wat a weasel I'm hating wat I've become my heads in one place one day then the other its sinking in water. 

But I dont want anymore I'm embarrassed of losing her, I have no friends as I lost them through no contact after school being with her all the time. I still love her shes all I want its torture though one minute I'm planning my death the next I hate her I feel like my heads long gone man cant concentrate on anything. 
My nans wen I was a kid was an hotspot for the family every saturday everyone's there 40 odd cousins and I cant remember their faces without picture I haven't been in years. 

Lifes shit wen ur at the bottom I probaly could bounce back but I dont know if I want to shes in my head 24/7 having dreams of everything being normal then I wake up in my mom and dads house alone with no one to talk to to when you accept you've found love 7 years I though I achieved a goal in life good wages, house, car, dog by 22 not bad but now I own fuck all and have nothing lifes evil all I've ever tried to do is appreciate everything and never judge a book by its cover. 

Never hated anything but myself, I guess she couldn't cope with my head anymore when i left the house I was walking round the streets, I actually felt homeless I couldn't bare going back to my moms as we lived there for 3 years or so and the memories I really cannot bare. Please help. One minute your waking up going to work saying bye to the dog kissing the misses on the cheek and saying I love you to waking up in my moms room as she swapped and had my old bedroom it hasn't changed a thing. I really cannot bare that she's going to have a future and a life with someone else I would rather die and in my head my plans set for tomorrow hypothermia it is as im a pussy so that's the way it all depends on that psychologist tomorrow as im not a dickhead and deny the problems I have so im going to give it a go. Sorry for the biography but that's my tin of beans spilt now and I really have no one to talk to I dont want to upset/burden my mom nd dad anymore with this shit so yh. Thanks for your time if you can relate help would be nice.