don't want to live in a world that hates mei have lived for as long as i could faking being the wrong gender. i tried to mask it by playing the role that society wanted me to play, breaking people's hearts and hurting them because i couldn't truly love them, because i couldn't love myself. whatever it was they loved about me, was the part of me that i hated, that i only performed because society expected me to. they loved that i was so strong, i was a rock for them. i wasn't really, i was crumbling, but i couldn't do anything about it because i wasn't allowed. 

i gave up on living a lie and now that i can be true to myself and work on myself, there is reinforcement from everywhere telling me that i am a predator, that i am a pervert and a liar and worse. i try to have conversations to help people understand, but the next day it is back to the same talk when they think i'm not in earshot. 

online, there is no place that i can go that doesn't remind me of the hate that people have for me. play video games? nope, get called a tranny. read up on the news? no, too much news about a trans woman being held in men's prisons, and god forbid i scroll to the comments by mistake. in local news there was a cop talking about wanting to kill trans people at PRIDE. nothing is safe.

i am going back to school to try to be a therapist and help people (since so many in IT are bigoted, even though IT has more trans people... I guess the 'bros' have to push back), but people in classes make ignorant transphobic comments. young or old, it doesn't matter.

my mom still calls me by my old name and gender any chance she gets. she pretends to care about me but thinks she knows better about what can make me happy. she was one of the few people i thought would be emotionally supportive when i need it. i have a problem with isolating, and now even when i want to be healthy and interact socially, i'm afraid to because i don't know who really cares about me anymore.

i basically just live in a world that doesn't want me to exist. i can't pretend to be something i'm not without hurting myself and others, and i can't live in a way that would make me happy and NOT hurt others without so many people around me trying to be sure my life is a living hell. i honestly see no reason to live in this world either way. i think people would sincerely be happier in a world with no people like me, and the best thing i can do to make people happy is to fulfill that wish they have. i have had my chance at life. i've been married, and had a spouse almost die in an ectopic pregnancy, so obviously i wasn't meant to have children. it's time to let others have their chance at happiness and stop being greedy.

when i'm fully awake i can try to cope and keep myself busy, but in the mornings when i first wake up, and at night, i am always on the verge of just giving up. the dozens of reminders that i don't belong settle in on me, my brain processes it while i'm asleep, and i know that it's my time to die. i've never owned a gun because of my depression, but all i have to do is wake up one day and decide that's the day that i drive the three blocks down the road to the gun range and blow my brains out. it might be tomorrow morning. maybe the one after that. who knows. i have to work at my new job a year before i am eligible for fmla protection, and i literally can't live without health insurance, so if i can't go to work, i might as well end it myself rather than keep suffering.

i'm going to try to go to sleep. it'll take a while. we'll see how tomorrow morning goes, and if there will be a tomorrow night for me.