I’m breaking down over hereI’m depressed. I’m anxious. I’m angry. I feel sick. I wanna run away. I wanna shoot myself. I’m underage. I have trust issues. I’m locked away from everyone. I’m not allowed to cry because I am a boy. I’m always the shoulder to cry on but never have a shoulder to cry on. I haven’t and never will trust anyone in my life. I wanna die but at the same time it’s a cowards way out and I don’t wanna cause anyone pain. No one truly knows the amount of physical, emotional and mental pain/distress I am in every second of the day. The one girl who I thought could save me has suddenly turned and has become attracted to my “friend/fam”. I wanna kill myself even more now. I wanna run away to a remote location and live on my own forever because I’m afraid of the afterlife. I’m getting even more angry now. I have vivid nightmares/dreams of homicide and I own a few firearms myself. I’m mentally unstable and nobody knows it. Whoever tries to help me ends up breaking me even more. I’m full of fucking rage but can’t just go and jump someone off the street coz I’m a 14M and I can’t leave the house due to quarantine and “roadmen” (it’s English slang for wannabe gangster) I wanna stab and shoot most people I see. I have an immense hatred for most people I see (even strangers) and I pretend to shoot people by pointing my ar15 at people from inside my house. I’m nearly out of ammo and I can’t afford anymore. I can’t afford a therapist and I can’t afford to tell my parents because otherwise I get a broomstick and a dough roller broken over my back and head (if I’m lucky) I love my parents but at the same time wanna kill everyone I see apart from my grandma and uncle on my mums side because they haven’t done anything wrong to me. I can’t imagine killing my family because that’s just too fucked up. The girl I can’t imagine killing coz she’s a FUCKING angel and my friends try and help me but to no avail.


Please help me or atleast kill me to stop me from doing bad things. I wanna go to Afghanistan and Iraq sooo bad just to fucking kill every terrorist scumbag i see. I won’t harm the public but have an immense urge to kill bad people even with a fucking spoon.


Help me.