I Wish People Would Realize How Cruel They Are. I'm going to KMS on Christmas, Alone in a Frozen CarI posted in Legal about a questionable hospital discharge regarding medical vs mental illness and some asshole responded by saying "Based on your post history you do have mental illness so yeah sucks to have your shitty life". So what if I have experienced suicidal thoughts for the first time ever THIS YEAR because it has been incredibly catastrophic for me? Does that make me less deserving of an answer? I was in the law but never saw anything like this shitshow that just happened to me this week. 

The thing is.... I want to live but when the suck that is 2020 took all of your financial resources and you're out of options and the "community resources" aren't even answering calls until Monday again and all shelters are full or not accepting due to high COVID spikes in my area my remaining option is dying alone in a cold car. It's 8° here right now and I'm done. 

The Reddit Community is the only reason I made it to the end of 2020. The kindness &amp; compassion I've witnessed on Reddit kept me going through horrors of evil I witnessed this year because Reddit proves on the daily that there are more good people than bad in this World and that's worth living for. But I have nobody to live for anymore 😭 (my precious kitty was killed by my own crackhead niece while she robbed me apartment to hock everything for drugs while I laid fighting COVID for 47 days.) I wasn't expected to live (had it in March when they didn't really know what to do/what was happening) so she thought "why not go steal her shit? She won't need it." I have no reason to go on without my kitty to love who I couldn't even protect from a monstrous narcissist. The pain of losing him in such a horrid way by itself makes me want to die.

 Then I ended up in a Facility where I exposed WHY our elders are dying in nursing homes from COVID (not the current false narrative of they're old &amp; frail). Got the Facility's certification revoked &amp; now criminal charges are pending against a few in Management. I had this whole story to write for NPR and the major newspaper of the State about how the poverty social safety net is utterly broken &amp; non-existent in America (yes even in a Blue State). But i can't write it because nothing is open to charge my electronics the next 4 days and I'm so tired of freezing &amp; being harassed by the cops for trying not to die in a frozen car. 

I'm just done. But thanks, Reddit. Your beautiful hearts definitely made 2020 more endurable. Our politicians are playing nonsense games when the talked of 2k stimulus would literally mean I get to continue on to fight for the vulnerable another day/week/year. My biggest regret will be not seeing a woman of color sworn in as VP. 

To the Redditor who loaned me $50 and I couldn't repay due to my situation going from horrid to deadly, I'm going to try and sell my Chromebook today to pay you back as my last act of always keeping my promises to people in this life. 

Peace Out, Reddit. You're amazing 💕 people. Keep on being you.