First post. Half way there. Male 17So this is my first post in this sub. I am a pretty average 17 year old, but I am a twin.. People say having a twin must be amazing..you'll always have a friend..this isn't true in most cases. If you are the under performer people make jokes "aw bet you wish you were as good as your brother" "you should be more like ****" "you're the ugly one" "your parents only wanted him" even teachers at school have made similar comments..all in the name of 'banter'. Every since we started primary school this started happening. He is smarter, more athletic, better looking (we are not identical) thinner.. Had more friends than I did. Just every single little detail about us he was better. Every time I tried to find something I was good at, he'd decide to try it and guess what? He was better at it. My life has literally just been full of disappointment and depression. Even my parents make these comments and tell me to be more like him. My mother always saw this and tried to be there for me and tried to show me more attention but it never worked.. Everyone was too caught up congratulating him than to give a shit about me. I never once told him I hate him, I've always been the first one to congratulate him, tell him how proud I am. I try to be a good friend to him but it is so hard to do so whilst simultaneously living in his shadow. Whenever I open up to someone and tell them how I feel and what my life is , they say they understand and they say I'm attention seeking, but how could they understand when they have no idea what it is like to be the worser version of someone. My brother has always had more friends than me, but ive had my little friend group. The reason I finally decided to post here is because one of my friends recently passed his driving test..this was my best friend.. He started taking all our friend group out until one time I felt like inviting my brother as he wasn't doing anything..however this mistake may have been one of the trigger that lead my to commit suicide. After that night my friends stooped inviting me and inviting my brother instead. The very moment I write this they are all next door in his bedroom playing FIFA on the Xbox, laughing and listening to music. Whilst I lay here in my bed, door locked, tears crawling down my face. I've never felt so alone before. I have no one..no friends, no girlfriend, my family call me an attention seeker and pathetic when I try to talk to them about myself. I just need help. I don't want to commit suicide but if my life stays like this then I really see no other option.