A rant and maybe a vent.This is prolly gonna be long one just stay with me here please.. Also sorry for any spelling mistakes or grammar I've been crying while writing this.. 
So ive been feeling really depressed and suicidal for way more than a month now but not sure how long. One of my friends asked me out, and we dated for a week until she broke up with me saying i can't be trusted and how i broke her when i tried my best to treat her right. 
This happened on Halloween and when i finally got home after hanging out with my friends, i went to my room and cried myself to sleep. 
Ive been feeling like killing myself or severely hurting myself since. No i dea why i keep thinking that but i don't find any positive reasons to live and all my friends and surprisingly my ex, none of them are Want me to die but i think they're just lying and trying to keep me here so they can humiliate me and make me suffer even more than i already am with a busy and stressful life at school, and problems at home.
 I don't want to stay where i am, i just want to... Go missing then to another country and if i still feel like killing myself I'd just do it where my friends won't know where i went. I know i sound selfish as hell for wanting to leave them here but i can't think of a better reason and i don't want them to see my dead body and having to deal with knowing I'm dead and they'd prolly be traumatized with seeing me so happy the last time i talked to them.
I've been self harming really bad since i got dumped to the point all the cuts will leave awful scars. After i stopped for about 2 weeks since i broke the blade by accident, the cuts healed and i showed them what i did because i guess i tried showing them what happens after leaving me alone like that with my already alarming amount of suicidal thoughts. She doesn't like it that i say anything about the relationship but... I say it by accident and don't mean to harm her I'm just reflecting why I've been feeling way more suicidal after what happened. Because of the problems at home i started cutting again but i broke the other blade aswell so i couldn't do anything.
 A week ago i was in PE when i got hit in the leg right to the cuts and couldn't continue playing. I went to the bathroom to check the cuts and it hurt so bad i almost started crying which resulted in my slightly bright colored pants  to get a bit red from the blood. The teacher asked if everything was alright so i had to tell her what i did. After class she asked me if it was alright that she told the school counselor and i agreed because my friends blackmailed me into telling.
Ive been slowly getting a bit better by writing down why i feel depressed and now I'm writing it here, not the same words but the same meaning. Ive been falling back down again and really bad.. 
I ordered a boxcutter online and now im waiting for it to arrive so if i feel like it i can just cut my throat open and die knowing i won't be a burden to everybody. Anyways... Thanks for reading this, i appreciate it that you precious individual took your time to read something as useless as this. I'm posting this in hopes of feeling a bit better have a great day though 💜