i can’t go on like thisso. around march 13-20 i had a HUGE argument with my dad about fitness and he told me that it was his fault for buying me things and that i had no interest in doing anything anymore (even tho he only buys me two things for christmas and my birthday amp the once in three years shopping trip) (he lives abroad) and that i would have to earn money on my own from now (even though i am 13) he called me a hypocrite and a lazy ass, and just overall said incredibly mean things to me and didn’t talk to me for a month (he still hasn’t texted me) and i said that i would start working out for a month every day. my mom even tried to motivate me with taking me somewhere when i finished. i kept the streak going, i missed only one day because i was sick and feeling weak. these past few days i have had surges of depression and i cut for the first time ever. i missed two days of working out, and i missed one day today. my mom came up to me today and told me that i had a goal and i failed it. i had no goals in life, i sat around every day, i never wanted to go outside and get out of the house, basically that i was a failure and those words hurt. especially coming from my mom who i have a good relationship with. i put my head in my lap and started to cry. she said some more nasty things, told me i never listen to her and basically fed my self hatred. it hurts really bad. i just want to get all of it over with. i’m still fighting the urge to not go through with it but i don’t have a reason to live anymore. the only reason i hadn’t done it was because i was scared for my mom but now i have a feeling she doesn’t even care. nobody cares anymore. i don’t want to keep going. i don’t want to keep living in this terrible place. i’m tired. i know all of this sounds sooo cliche “like oh im 13 and my mom got angry at me so i’m gonna kill myself” no. i haven’t done the situation justice to explain it properly because english is my second language but it really took a toll on my mental health. i want to make it stop. i want all of this to stop. im sorry to bother anyone with this post, i just had to vent it out somewhere