Hi, I've attempted twice and this second time I woke up disappointed.I've been struggling with depression for a long time, I've been to Inpatient twice, been prescribed meds and attempted twice already. I'm 19(barely lol) and I dream of being a stand up comic and someday be on Weekend Update and host my own Late Show. But now I just feel like a failure. 

After my first attempt back in December(i tried to "hang myself" by tying a scarf around my neck and to the steering wheel and leaning to the side, it took too long and came undone a couple times so I gave up. It was such a dumb attempt so I don't really count it lol) I moved halfway across the state from my dad and sister to live on my own(I've been living with my gf so I already failed at the start lol) I've always wanted to be independent and to live on my own and it truly made me happy and inspired as I drove and listened to Yes Please by Amy Poehler feeling like I could finally be able to follow my dreams and beat my depression. Oh boy how wrong was I. 

I moved here and my girlfriend left on a trip for 3 months so I felt lonely, I don't blame her since she wanted to see her son but I was in a new place and I barely knew anyone so I assume that's when I started to go downhill. Within those 3 months a lot of shit happened and I did reckless things that hurt my gf and were on and off for those 3 months. I was unable to keep the apartment clean since we had a puppy and i would be so void of energy i barely cleaned after him. When my gf came home she was undoubtedly furious because it truly was disgusting and I felt so useless and like a failure because I also was about to turn 19 and I had set a deadline for myself that if I did not go to an open mic before I turned 19 then I didn't really want it enough. So I snapped and waited until my gf got into the shower so I could leave and down 20 or so pills of 100mg of Amitriptyline. She ended up convincing me of telling her where I was and took me to the ER. Next thing I know I woke up on my birthday in the hospital, I had clinged onto the hope that maybe my gf had been too late and the pills would kill me even if I went to the hospital. I spent days in there and then had to go to inpatient. Inpatient was useless and the facility sucked but I met some cool people so I'm not too upset lol. 

Now im going to out patient and it's nice but I've lost the trust my family had on me because they probably think I will do it again and or did it for attention. My cousin(who is basically the only person I hang out with in this city because I have no friends) and a very close friend(that helped me out so much when I had hit one of my lowest points back in my senior year of hs(2017) are both incredibly upset with me and have given up on me because I chose to get back with my gf who they think was a very big reason of me doing it and because she wasn't the nicest person sometimes and I might have fucked up by complaining about things too much and maybe I took things harder than I should've. 

Now I just feel like I failed and I am a complete failure. I still want to die but I feel guilty to have worried my family but I feel like the world's biggest burden who just keeps fucking up. I know that the next time I hit a low point it'll definitely be it. I'm just disappointed in myself and I know others are also disappointed in me. 

I'll keep going to outpatient and regularly go to a therapist hopefully sometime soon but I still wish I wasn't here, everything seems to just crumble around me and I'm so tired.