I just don't give a shitI'm 19, almost 20. I live in Portugal, a country going through an economical crisis. I've finished high school but I don't know what I want to do / be, in fact, I don't want to do anything. I live in a small town with a few old people, one or two people my age, of which my family has a grudge with their respective families, so hanging out with them always results in a discussion at dinner. 

I'm always dragged to the family business, such as working with cattle or farming. I hate it. I hate my parents. I never needed to study to get good grades (school was way too easy because it was made to allow the dumbest people to proceed without much study either), and that made me think I was smarter than others. When I had a good grade, my father always dismissed it saying "it could be better". The others kid received gifts just because their grades were positive. All I wanted was some positive feedback, not "it could be better". They've never beaten me. We never went on vacations, my parents are always working on low wage jobs. My mother let me eat pizzas and hamburgers instead of fish all the time, and whenever the food was fish, when I arrived at the table the fish was already cut in pieces without fish bones in it. Yes still at the age of 19 my mother cuts my fish... Then my father proceeds to say "at this age and his mother still cuts his food for him.. how miserable.. at your age I &lt;proceed to say how hard he worked in his youth&gt;". I didn't ask my mother to cut the fish, I actually asked her to stopped doing it some years ago.


Whenever I wanted to go out hang out with friends, my parents say no. Either because it's too far from home, they didn't have time to drive me there, there always seemed to be a different excuse. Now my friends don't even ask, knowing I never can. I don't feel welcome in my own house. I only get out of my room when I don't hear my parents inside the house. Whenever they see me they always say something passive-aggressive or tell me to do something.

This is not the first time I think about killing myself. I've thought about it at around the age of 12. The only problem is I don't really want to hurt myself only to end up in an hospital. I don't have any access to guns and I don't think I could just slit myself cut.

There isn't much to look forward... some tv shows, some movies, some games... I'm overweight (95kg). All I do is play video games and watch tv shows. I see no future, I don't hang out with people, I have no friends, I'm not interesting, I don't feel like being with people, I try to avoid my family, I spend my whole days staring at the computer thinking how shitty my life is, how easy it would be if I had a gun and a bullet, occasionally playing a game or watching a show to escape from reality, enjoying myself, only to be abruptly interrupted because my mother has nothing to do and wants to yell. I tried to pull myself up, but when I did, there's always something that makes me not want to give a shit again.


I wouldn't mind to have a job. But in this country at this time you must either know the right people, be lucky or be an entrepreneur to have a job. Also I've never worked during holidays. I've never worked at all.

"Ok, let me grab my guitar, if I learn how to play it'll make me happy", nope, the second I get my guitar out my father says I must go with him to do some shit. He also spends most of the time talking with his friends... 

"Ok, let's ride my bike, if I get fit that'll give me confidence, then I'll actually want to do some other stuff" nope, cows again.

Seeing my parents reminds me why I don't like to live and how I don't know know how to do anything. Be social, have friends, play the guitar, be fit, know how to cook, know how to draw, have a career in mind... There are things I'd like to do. I just don't have the strength nor willingness to do them.

I don't care... I don't clean my teeth as often as I should, I don't take a shower as often as I should, I don't walk straight, my shoulders are always down

eh I guess that's all I wanted to write. Just days and days of nothingness except depression with thoughts of dieing 