SummerI hate summer. I really do. 

I mean I hated school too, dont get me wrong, but this is awful. This sucks. I don't have any purpose. There is nothing I can do that will entertain me, nor is there anything I have to do. I have been having some really messed up thoughts recently. I think of myself just dead all the time. I think of all the people in my life around me dead. Just dead. I just imagine pools of blood surrounding them. It makes me sick to the stomach. I hate it. 

I hate the summer. I hate seeing everyone have fun and post it to facebook, but I am just naeusous, and want to not really see others be happy. I am selfish. Seeing other people happy makes me sad. 

I got into a fight with my friend two weeks ago. She said she can't handle my depressing thoughts. I don't blamer her though. I can't even handle them. Hahahaha. 

I am just writing my thoughts as I go along because I honestly have no way to realease them properly. 

I have a GPA of 3.970 weighted. Which really makes me a loser, since all my friends have a GPA of like 4.1 and 4.2 and 4.3 and everything thats higher than me. Perhaps if I gave a shit in school. maybe I would care.

I think I use that as a mechanism of escape. Pretending I don't care about grades so that way I don't have have to be upset when i get bad grades. That's probably it. I have not been at all happy with any of the good grades I have gotten, and I haven't been sad about any of the bad grades, until I realized that I could have put a lot more effort into a lot of finals and stuff and done pretty well. But I am a failure. I can't put in any effort because I don't care

Or maybe I care. Maybe I am just trying to tell myself not to care. 

I am taking 5 AP's next year for some stupid reason. Maybe it's because I enjoy harming myself in different ways than other people. I don't like the concept of razers cutting my skin. But that would be a lie, I hate self harm. I think that maybe its a way to keep busy so the factory of negative thoughts in my brain doesn't have to keep going on.

Sometimes I just feel apathy. I don't want to care. But perhaps thats me lying to myself also. That's probably a lie. Maybe I just don't want to feel anymore because I don't like being hurt. So I fooled myself into apathy. But I hate apathy. It gives you no purpose. i think i felt apathy. I don't even know. 

it's been a pretty awful day. I have done nothing all day. I hate summer. I hate summer. I hate summer. I hate summer. 

I don't know if I even care about my grades. Or my life, I don't like living. I am not going to kill myself. My brain feels sick. I hate it. I want to kill my mind. I want it to think about unicorns and rainbows and shit. I don't want to think of dead people. 

I hate summer. 