I don't think I can do it anymore.Now, I won't be committing suicide just this minute but it's the only thing I see in my future. I just can't deal with it anymore. Everything stresses me out. Every time I look in the mirror, I'm just filled with self-loathing and gender dysphoria. I want to transition really badly, but my already pitifully-paying job cut my hours to 15 a week which will be barely enough to scrape by on bills. Hell, I probably won't even be able to afford driving to work when my rent and utilities come in at the beginning of the month. I get debt collection calls like every day now. I love my closest friends but I have connection issues because there's a way I want to behave and the way I do behave because of gender. I wouldn't say I'm socially awkward, I can talk to people and tell good jokes and have great conversations but I just don't ever feel like I'm connecting with anyone because I feel like the way I am is just dishonest with who I am. I don't talk to my parents because I just don't want to. They stress me out more than ever and I'm damned sure I would've killed myself ages ago if I was still living with them. 

The worst part of everything is I know what would make me happy but it just seems beyond unattainable. I feel like every day, I make no progress. Honestly, I feel like I'm taking steps backwards every day and I just don't want to deal with anything anymore. I'm always anxious, I can never relax. And when I do finally feel relaxed, I have to say something or see part of myself and realize that I'm just all wrong. I want to feel right. I want to be who I am but I'm no closer now than I was when I was 14. So, I just feel like dying. It would be great: no obligations, no bills, no anxiety, no stress, just nothing. Just peace. I don't know what to do anymore. I honestly feel I'd be happier dead then trying to fight, like I do every fucking day, to just make it to the next. Is that so bad? Like that Beatles song, I'd give everything I got just for a little peace of mind.