I wish I was dead, or never born.Since I can remember I have always known that I don't belong, one of the first things I can clearly remember was my fathers hate of me, his anger that I was even a being. His disgusted looks at me made him harm me and witness the evils of a mans capabilities.

I am free of his gaze and feel nothing for him, yet since I was 3 I have made many attempts and one of the first thoughts of any given day is that 'why am I still alive', and one of the last thoughts of any given day is 'I hope I don't wake up'.

People around me know of part of my struggles and how I feel, but they see me wanting to commit suicide as a selfish act, like most people do, but to me what's selfish is wanting someone around, who is suffering and see no end to that suffering. I understand why people commit suicide and I don't think they are selfish, we all just want the pain to go away and for some the only way to do so is to commit suicide, what's selfish about that?

I believe that I am here to suffer and endure. I am a witness to humanity and I've seen every facet of the evil in a person. Very rarely I see goodness and kindness, and even then I question if it's for selfish reasons.

We are all selfish beings who want what we want, I hate that aspect of myself.

My first attempt was at aged 3 (yes 3 you read correctly) I set alight my bed as I knew fire purged wrong's from the world. As the fire licked at my skin it did not burn, and simply was extinguished.

Another attempt was around 12 when knowing how to tie knots and the tensile strength of the rope I used, I could achieve the goal of ending my suffering. A proper tight noose was tied and as I kicked the chair over the beam supporting my weight, the rope snapped as though someone swung a sword. the strands of rope were cleanly cut, yet what I witnessed was an impossibility just as I saw 9 years previous.

A year or so later at aged 14 I was walking back from school, and there was a high walking bridge that went across a dual-carriageway, I stopped and knew it was time for me to try once more and so I stood over the railings and let go. The reason I am able to write about this today is because my foot was caught in the railing, leaving me hanging upside down like in the cartoons when a character is trapped by another. Managing to get myself up with the aid of another I simply limped home with a somewhat twisted ankle. I told the person that a bully had tried to throw me over.

Other attempts have included poison's, stepping out in front of vehicles (yes this is a bad one but when your in that mindset you don't care) I have and never would attempt to jump in front of a train (that's just not right, having someone clean miles long tracks).

It would appear that I am here for something, as every attempt I make is circumvented somehow.

There is a lot I could write or say to my story but I guess I am still searching for a cure to my suffering and pain. I am in receipt of medical help and support though I feel that currently there is no new information that I don't already know, or could find for myself. 

A long and slow process I am sure. At 25 I feel as I always have; empty, alone and in pain.