I just can'tI'm just so tired. There's never any money and that means that I can't get this horrible stomach pain and nausea to stop. I had been smoking pot, but now that doesn't help anymore. 

I'm just tired. I have a right to be. Nothing in my life, nothing in 46 years has gone right. 

My parents business was raided by the IRS when I was a kid and my parents got into a lot of trouble. My dad was an alcoholic, totally a wonderful, reliable man - but he died right after he waved me off at the airport gate (for my cross country move that was going to make my life SOMETHING.) My mother could be a violent bitch, but sometimes okay. My sister is cruel. None of my family talks to me because I moved away 20 years ago. I left everything I knew back on the east coast.

If you're thinking of doing that - don't. You are going to need those people - even if it's JUST ONE - that anchor you. I have no anchor to stay in this world anymore. 

My husband is distracted, busy, 4 hour commute, when he's home he's on his iPhone. And his body is too big to have satisfying sex with him.

I'm no prize myself, but I know that relationships aren't going to fix my life even if the one with my husband, and the ones with my kids, improves. There's no improving me. I can help my husband a lot by not being here. He says he'd die without me, but he wouldn't. People say that all the time. They don't die.

I have a few hundred mg's of medicine and a bottle of rum and I really just want to go to my bedroom with them and make everything just ... I don't know...just, quiet. Everything. 

I am so lonely. There is no point to what I'm doing. I take up a small corner of my house and hide inside for months on end. I've tried dozens of ways to meet women my own age, or anyone at all that would be my friend in real life, but in 32 years I haven't had a friend. They all deserted me when I got pregnant in high school. 

That baby was 2 months premature. The second baby was good. The third baby had seizures after birth for some reason and now has extreme ADHD/ODD and is almost 16, so he'll probably be better off.  If I really think about it, if I'm gone, it will be a sure thing that he'd get to a psychiatrist and get on the right meds and have a real life, but there's no reason for him to take his psychologist seriously right now.

My oldest son has my anxiety disorder, but he can leave the house on his own sometimes. I can't. He doesn't really talk to me much although I text him a lot.  He never answers and I can see that he saw my texts.

My middle son is living in my house while going to college. He's 27 and going to be a nurse. 

Meanwhile, my husband just passed his 90 day mark at the new job he got, after his position was "retired" at his old company, and the pay isn't more. We really needed it to be more.

My house burned down in 1998, like down to the ground. 2 years later I moved to the west coast after splitting up with the man I loved because an old friend from high school raped me and my husband didn't believe me that it was rape. Raped repeatedly. I am paying for that every day of my life.

In May of 2019 our family has to move because our landlord of 5 years wants to sell. We've never paid late or caused any problems. But, our rent is lower than other houses and so my husband thinks we're going to buy a house, which is a joke, because everything here costs three times as much as it should, so it's looking like a tent at a KOA and tethering so he can work remotely. (He starts working from home full time soon. I'm not really excited about that since I'm not used to having him around all day every day and when he is home all we do is fight, until it's time to watch tv, then we do that - he goes to bed, I stay up all night so I can sleep all day so I don't "feel the loneliness."  If I'm sleeping I can't hurt, right?

Well, that's the idea with the pills and the rum.

I don't actually think that humans matter. On a universe-level, think about it; what does any of what we're doing matter? It's not like anyone in 2 generations is going to remember a single thing about most of us, especially me.

Oh, but I'll be a checkbox on a medical intake form some person is filling out - "yes, there is Type 2 diabetes in my family."

And a FUCKING WORD about that...I got Type 2 diabetes from a medication that a Nurse Practitioner gave me to help with my severe panic attacks. It's a beta blocker and doesn't allow adrenaline to affect your heart rate. It also elevates your blood glucose hellishly, which I was not warned about, and thus...I got diabetes.  "Oh, hey - sure, I'm an AARNP - I have prescribing authorization -let's just load my patients up on WAYYYY too many drugs....then they'll chill out!" That was her motto.  I was up to 12mg of xanax a day at one point.  The amount of pills that I have to take is so great that last night I tried swallowing them and choked, then threw up into my starbucks cup and felt like the biggest loser in the world.

So...the xanax is sitting here and the rum is wherever my husband last watched tv. 

And I'm so tired.