Never thought i would be here but here i amYou can honestly say i live a shitty life. I have really big problems that can't be easily solved. One of them is that I am a 27 year-old male virgin, who is socially awkward and really insecure. I used to be bullied for being morbidly obese back in school. I have lost the weight now though. I thought things would get easier, but they feel worse somehow. Everyone expects me to have gfs and get laid and all that but i don't. I haven't even made out with a girl and first kiss was last year. I just don't feel capable and don't have any motivation in me to chase girls. Life is really challenging for me. I have never known what real love or intimacy is outside my imagination and thoughts. My parents give me alot of shit. My dad said I'm an embarrassment. I recently heard that two of my teenage cousins, who are 15/16 lost their virginity to some girls and now they have gfs. That really killed me on the inside and made me feel even worse about myself. I don't understand why I'm like this.

My other huge problem is that i am stateless. Which means i am not a citizen of any country so I'm in limbo, no papers, no legal identification to travel, work or drive. I'm like a ghost. I have tried everything, i have filled out forms..it's been three years with no results. All i can do is sit back and watch how other guys can enjoy their lives, being normal while I'm a virgin ghost lol. So you can see why i am contemplating suicide. I have tried to cut myself some months back, to no avail. This is not a life. I just don't know how i could continue. I'm so tired and sick of false hope and expectations. 

Oh and now i face legal trouble and on probation, so i have to wait until it is over to do anything about immigration. I feel like I'm in hell. 

I just know that there isn't anything or anyone could do to help me recover and get my life on track. Meds aren't helping either. The only thing that is keeping me going right now is just a sliver of hope for the future and my Mom.