Less than a year before I objectively believe I'm going to give in to these thoughts     I don't believe I am going to write a suicide note before I am fully committed to killing myself and go through with it, so I guess this is as close as this will have to be to it. I actually don't even know why I would bother writing one or even the fact that I'm still trying as hard as I am today. This life just isn't worth it in my eyes. Everything's so fucked up. I'm tearing up writing this like the worthless piece of shit that I am. I can never get anything right I'm just a huge fuck up. I just can't do this life anymore it's becoming increasingly difficult to be alive by the day. My body starts to shut down when I get depressed and it feels like a couple of my arteries have just imploded inside of me and I don't have the energy to even speak literally. I feel like if I explained that to anyone they would just say I'm doing it for attention. Heck. I can't tell you how many times people have told me that I'm just depressed and going through these things for attention. I wish that I was, so that I wouldn't have to face so many of these problems and I wouldn't have to worry about those people because I wouldn't be in the place of mind where I'm acting and struggling to be alive each and every day as I am right now.
     I write that I have less than a year because it's worse than it's ever been and I'm beginning to have moments where I am fully committed to going through with ending my life and not telling anyone. To tell you the truth, I was fully committed a few weeks ago and I only texted one person (they weren't there luckily) and I was ready to end it. I knew how I was going to do it and it was the best idea I've ever had for ending it. I felt a peace I haven't felt in a long time that this living nightmare was going to end soon. Why I'm still here is because I was one coincidence away from fully going through with it. My friend that was going to pick me up's phone wasn't working and I thought I'd get a meeting with the behavioral health people at the school out of the way so it wasn't out of the way for my friend. It blows my mind how I can still empathize or care about others or how I'm not a fucked up person in general after everything's that happened. On top of that, I haven't wavered after all of the times people have said that I'm depressed for attention or that I'm not doing anything when I'm trying the hardest that I ever have for these past upcoming 3 years. My 20th birthday passed not too long ago. It was the most soul-crushing moment ever starting to accept the fact that I'm losing so much time in this and it's just getting worse and I'm getting older. I feel so left behind being in depression and my friends having already transferred or finishing up college..
     I never knew what real relationships were like or what family was like (I really tried to understand it) but I really tried my hardest. When I got out of my 2nd deep depression a while ago, I always felt so alone because I'd see my friends with their family interacting and all happy and.. it was just me not having a good relationship with family or anyone. I'd then remember how my mother would say that my friends wouldn't be there like family would.. I'd just remember how I would constantly be told as a kid that I was an accident, that I shouldn't be here, that I didn't meet my parents' expectation of what it would be like to have kids, and just essentially I'm a burden and no one wants me around. It eventually translated to these suicidal thoughts in high school when I was bullied 5/6 of my classes + passing period a day during 9th grade. My family didn't want me around and neither did anyone else. I just feel so out of place being alive and just taking up resources from others and my family. I'm doing the absolute best that I can but it never surmounts to anything anymore. I feel like if it ended when it does that my friends will no longer have to waste time and energy on me and my family doesn't have to financially support me and they'll have more time too and more money in their pockets.
     This wasn't mainly why I felt so down recently or why I feel so hopeless.. I can't even think or write straight anymore I'm useless. I'm going to stop right here though I've run out of energy again and just going to be half alive in bed. Thanks for reading if you did.