Major insecurity problems and suicidal thoughtsI will try to keep it as short as I can, but I apologise in advance, I was never good at keeping things short. 

I have been struggling with Schizophrenia and depressions since I was 14, i never really had the greatest confidence anyway but especially the first three years off my mental illnesses basically took away all of it, in those 3 years I've met my first girlfriend, and she was pretty much the only person that was there for me in that time, although we were really young, looking back at it she handled the situation really mature and she was the only thing keeping me from loosing it completely. In those two years there was never a day where I didn't constantly think she would cheat on me or break up with me, but I never told her that, i never told or shown her how insecure I was. The relationship ended with her cheating on me with a good friend. That pretty much destroyed any future chance of me trusting anyone. 

The only reason I could think of back then why she did it was because Iam not good enough for someone like her...so I started dating people that I knew were bad for me. People who cheated once before, really mean people and so on.

After 2 years I stopped doing that. And not long after I've met my current girlfriend. And she is probably the nicest person I have ever met, i have never felt so safe before with someone, and never had such feelings for someone. 

But well...while one side of me couldn't be happier right now (which I really needed after the last couple of years ) the other side of me is dying ...my insecurities are just getting worse every day...and since a couple of days Iam sleeping for about 2 hours a night..the rest is just waking up over and over again and thinking...yesterday was also the first time I started crying because Iam just...I don't know, it's just too much to handle for me. 
And today was the first night where I just wanted to die...it's just to much...i can't think of anything else, i constantly start crying and having anxiety attacks 

Going back to being single isn't really an option either. I love her to much for that..And even if that wasn't the case I was really miserable before we met. 

Oh yeah and I also have the problem that if she breaks up with me (which I have told her is fine, i do not want her to be forced into a relationship) Iam basically unable to kill myself because I wouldn't want her to feel guilty...which wouldn't even be the case since I was worse off before I met her.