Last ditch attemptI decided to post here as I figure it can't do any harm and has the ever so slight chance to do some good...

Filling in a little background, I'm a shy seventeen year old male turning 18 in a month and I've been depressed for approximately four years. I wasn't much of a socializer at school before I dropped out but I recently became deep friends with someone online after years of talk and casual gaming with them. My father's a heavy drinker and can become emotionally abusive and is insensitive and uncaring at the very best of times. Over the years, I've been to various councellers, psychologists and psychiatrists and been on various medications without anything significantly making a dent in my depression.


I'm not sure where to start or even how to really explain, but over the last year I've been in a severe episode which is only getting worse. I have no will to live, to continue trying to rid myself of this ailment and my close friend has been the only one keeping me going. I've been close to suicide on several occasions where the balance just tipped. I disbelieve that I can be "cured" or if there's the slightest chance that I can be, it's most definitely not going to be a fun ride on the way there.


I just don't want to live any more in this pain or this life that I don't believe worth living. It's just too much effort for too little reward to me, even if I weren't immediately depressed that view would persist I'm sure. The emotional pain I feel near constantly now doesn't help me to persuade me otherwise. But I feel hopeless, it seems that no one I talk to can truly understand the extent of what's happening to me and that they don't realize what they're asking me when they ask me to continue living and to persist with life. This isn't getting better, there's no end in sight for my depression and I don't believe I'd be hugely better off without it. All I do is sleep and sit in this house all day, no motivation to do anything. I plan to end it in the near future and I don't see how I can be convinced otherwise, even if the attempt is difficult to try to work for sometimes. All I've experienced is more pain for persisting for as long as I have on whatever faint feeling I've had that's kept me here to this day.


Thanks to anyone who read any of this.