NOT URGENT: I realize I will almost surely kill myself somedayNot soon, but just eventually.

My life is very, very slowly falling apart. My teeth are falling apart and, right now, I have medicaid so I get by. My state's coverage is insanely good so I even got a partial denture.

Thing is, I really love sex. As is, with a full bright smile, I'm on that borderline between totally unfuckable and able to be charming enough to have a sporadic girlfriend or two. I'm a genuinely nice guy to them ( not to be confused with a Nice Guy ) and every relationship I've gotten into I've taken seriously and given my all, it just doesn't always work out and it's hard for me to find the next girl who is attracted to me. Such is the story and, if that were all, I could live this way. Maybe be alone half the time and with someone half the time. Doable. I don't have to be Heff to be happy.

However, I have another tooth that clearly has something wrong with it. Now this one can be given up if I must, and my state's medicaid will put it right into my partial. I'm already missing 4 and have managed to date and have romantic relationships, so I'm sure missing 5 won't be too life changing.

However, the decay rate indicates that I'm going to have upper full plate dentures sooner rather than later. The hybrid-implant would really be the proper solution, but there's no way I can afford it even in Mexico or something... So I'll have grandpa dentures in my upper palate before I turn 40. And a nice little couple years of completely disgusting teeth as I decline, I'm sure.

I'm tough as hell. I've been lonely before. I've lost hundred and hundreds of pounds and even my body being covered in stretch marks/sagging hasn't kept me from dating. I've been so far down in the hole, so depressed and "out" that I think only felons, victims of abuse, cops/soldiers, and people who have been homeless have gone through more.

But this indignity, losing my teeth! It's going to make dating almost impossible, and I don't want to fly solo for decades and decades! I didn't even really start getting laid/dating until I was over 30, I did my time alone, I won't go back.

If I can't find a satisfactory way to move forward with these dental issues, I just can't go on. I was already the 600lb freak who hid in the basement and I beat that rap, I'm sure as hell not going to be "that guy with the yellow teeth" or "grandpa wooden teeth."

If this dental situation gets completely out of control in the next few years, I think I'm just going to cash in. No sense in living that way, ya know?