CasandraI died a year ago and no one noticed...
I remember seeing you for the first time and I was so curious to find out who you are and your interests. Something about the way you moved, smiled, and spoke just made me happy. I talked to you, and I didn't know I liked you until I spoke to someone about you. I remember that date with you and how happy I felt afterwards and how happy I was when I heard you'd go on that date with me. I felt like I finally got something I wanted for a long time. I grew attached to you, so much that it made it so very difficult to speak to you as I thought about every word I would speak in every conversation...When I would see you in the hallways I'd be so happy and I'd laugh. Everytime I hugged you I felt amazing and loved. Then you distanced yourself from me. You slowly pushed me away and said that you're not interested anymore. Not interested? But I am still....It's been 8 months and I still am interested and I haven't looked at a girl since you...I couldn't lose you after all that time I spoke to you, I can't lose you the same way I've lost people. Not you. Oh God not you. I like you. I love you. You liked me. You hate me. My happiness declined and everything I enjoyed lost its sensation. Drumming became dull for me, my grades didn't matter anymore, my friends don't matter anymore, my life doesn't matter anymore. Not without you. I remember the fun we had, and why did you lose interest? Why? My life completely reversed and now everytime I see you, or hear about you, or mention you I cry and I lose all will and focus to keep on living. I was so happy with you and I can't lose you. You were perfect, what did I do wrong? I think of what your reaction would be to my death all the time....It's sad, I say your name all the time but I only heard you say my name once...and it was i a text telling me to not kill myself. Well why shouldn't I? I've been here far too long eithout you and you don't care. My life has been shit since you left me. I tried killing myself but one of my damn parents walked in on me inserting the shotgun in my mouth, preparing for the eternal unknown. I got taken to the hospital the next week at school when I was falsely accused of smoking at school and tried to kill myself. I know what I did and did not do in that bathroom. I didn't smoke. I can't afford the hospital bill and I'm only 17 and my parents won't pay it. I got fired at work when they found out I attempted suicide. Oh Casandra you have affected my life more than you will know. I refuse to lose you like I've lost so many other people. But you don't care. I'm sorry but, I can't live without you. BPD's a bitch and I refuse and I just need to go. 