I just realized that even if the best case scenario happens in my life, I still don't want to live itYou know how people always say: ”Think that everything is going to be alright ?" - Firstly, this is a BS, because life doesn't work like that. But alright, let's consider that EVERYTHING turns out to be alright: I realized that even in this scenario, I still don't want to live my life. 

&amp;#x200B;

I am 24 years old right now. I have a Medical career ahead of me, plus the possibility to constantly increase my social status and my social circle, to increase my wealth and to build a family. 

But guess what ? I'm not interested in all these things, even if they turn out just fine. 

The thing is: this is not the world I want to live in anymore. There were times, when I was younger, when I truly liked being here. 

Now all I'm looking forward (in the best case scenario) is working 80-100h/week a job that I barely like ( you're wondering why I ended up choosing it ? because "the privilege and the prestige of being a doc, and duh you girl, you don't know what a great life you'll have being a doc" type of dogma ), working out in my free time, totally exhausted, so that I counter-balance my sedentary lifestyle and I don't end up being a fat mess like many doctors, only that exercising after a night shifts is not fun at all, then I can basically spend a lifetime reading every possible finance book and finance course to understand at least something about investing and handling money, because it's not like you can trust any financial expert nowadays if you don't want to get fooled and robbed off your hard-earned money, then I can go ahead and fake smiles and gestures to maintain a social status that goes with a high-status position, to entertain people who I hate as people, but they form the social circle nevertheless, so what else is there to do ? 

&amp;#x200B;

It's like Al Pacino said it in Scent Of A Woman: "It's fuck-you buddy. Cheat on your wife. Call your mother, your mother is dead. It's all shit." 