Preparing for an "Into the Wild" type suicide tripHello all, I should probably just clarify up front that I do not intend to  die on this trip, but a lot of what I talk about has to do with my suiciadal thoughts and depression. 


So I'm a 20 year old college sophomore who has been more or less depressed for 5-6 years. Last October I had a suicide attempt where my roommate found me, leading to me being admitted and then more or less forced in to therapy/prozac. I won't lie the prozac helped for a while, but I'd be lying if I said I don't wake up daily hating my life. Everything about college makes me miserable. Oh be sure you're joining 20 clubs, getting straight A's, getting a good internship for this summer etc etc. I just want to walk away from it all. 


Which brings me to part two and the main focus of my title. For several years I've been obsessed with Chris McCandless's story(on which the movie Into the Wild is based). For as long as I can remember being alone in nature has been one of the only times I can say I was truly happy. Hiking for a long time was my outlet but now that I don't have a car I don't get to go out in the mountains except maybe once every 4-5 months. I've also had a long standing dream of going West and seeing the National Parks from a lot of reading I've done on John Muir. And so I began making this plan.


At the end of this academic year in June I would simply like to put all my things in storage, carry with me only what I need, walk out to the nearest freeway and start hitch hiking West. I do not want anyone to know about this, especially my parents. It's not that I don't want them to know I'm safe, but that I know they would never allow me to do something like this by saying shit like "that's too dangerous" "you'll get murdered by some lunatic" or "you can travel when you're older". Well I'm done waiting and frankly if I have to keep enduring this miserable lifestyle I will off myself before I get the chance to do anything like this that I love. 


So now I need help planning and preparing for this undertaking. I have about 4000 dollars in savings that I intend to take out in cash to help me buy the essentials and help me along the way(and to ensure I'm not tracked using my debit card). So far I've purchased maps and begun looking into lightweight tents that I could carry on foot as well as a hiking back pack big enough to carry everything I need.


If anyone has any suggestions on things I definitely need to bring please tell me and give me any feedback you can. Thank you all so much for reading. 