slipping back into suicidal thoughtsI'm not entirely sold on the idea yet, I would have to see just how bad my life is going to get first, but here's my story:

Growing up I didn't have too much to live for. I had a good family at home and grew up in a middle class environment, but that's where the good fortunes kinda ended. Not to belittle how great those are, because had I not had those aspects of my life growing up, I probably would be committed or dead right now. But the rest of the story goes like this: I got bullied a lot until high school. I was fat, eccentric, a bit effeminate, and a minority in a whitewashed town. It started off with targeting me and making me look like a fool, and I tried to kill myself when I was 11 because of it. It got worse over time. I've been called everything from the n-word to insults commonly used against Hispanics and Indians (I'm both), told to go back to my home country, and beat up because of my appearance. I was molested when I was 14 by a school bully who pulled my pants down so that my dick was hanging out, and then the following day proceeded to grope me. It made me really angry and sad, and I was scared to masturbate until I was 18. During and around this time, I started to become really inward and cold towards people, including my family, who I was very hostile and distant towards until I was 18.

Shortly thereafter, I began to figure out how to fit in with the kids that were making my life a living hell. I realized certain aspects of myself had to be pushed away, and certain behaviors had to be toned down or hidden. Interests as well, and I couldn't risk tainting my image by dating a girl who wasn't considered to be acceptable by my peer's standards, otherwise I'd be bullied again. But the girls that were everyone's desires weren't attracted to me, because I wasn't really high up there on the totem pole either looks wise or popularity wise. That didn't bother me, but what did bother me was that if I simply didn't want to get picked on, I had to literally live a life that did not allow me to be fundamentally human. I couldn't express myself at all, I had to monitor who I kept in my circle strictly, and dating was pretty much off the table. As a teenager, that was very destructive for me. I also tried to, and many minorities can relate to this, 'whiten up'. I tried 'acting white', identifying as white (I'm mixed race), and while I was never racist, I was very resentful of my ethnic background, which made me somewhat angry at my mother, who was the reason I was a POC. I had nobody to vent to about these frustrations, as I felt too distant from my parents, too distrusting of my peers, and my closest friends were dealing with far worse issues that I didn't want to burden them with. So I took them out online, being a 'troll' as it were. I made a fake persona that was a loose portrayal of my real life, and my biggest (pretty much my only) target was women, or myself. In my real life, I was respectful, timid, and pretty self-effacing around women, be it family, friends, or girls I was attracted to. But when I would talk with friends, and moreover, when I would talk online, I would absolutely shit on women. Every slur you could think of, mocking them, objectifying them, et al. I did this for three reasons: 1) The guys I wanted to fit in with, who were either bullying me or were friends with bullies, almost always behaved this way. Only one guy I know wasn't like this that was in that group. He was a good dude. 2) Besides being a minority, having 'feminine' interests (writing, art, fashion, music...) got me bullied a lot too. I was also shamed for having crushes to the point where I couldn't even admit to myself that I was attracted to girls. It made me hateful of anything feminine, and considering femininity was initially conceived as a way to stereotype womanhood, I hated women for being feminine. I saw them as my adversaries because what society had attributed to them I thought was inherent of them, and I knew that it made me get bullied. I couldn't stand them because of that. 3) After being molested, I was super insecure and withdrawn about my sexuality. I didn't masturbate, I didn't date, I only really had any remote romantic involvement with one girl in high school and that was just conversational and a meetup once. I hated the fact that I felt sexual attraction to girls, because it made me feel helpless and vulnerable, like the time when I got molested. So I was resentful of those feelings, and lashed out in private about women. Icing on the cake was that I didn't really know what feminism was, so I assumed ignorantly that it was just women blindly hating men. So I would wreak havoc online with insulting women. Never directed at a particular woman, sent to a woman, or about a woman, but just blind insults to women in general. I would piss people off, and I ended up going completely fucking insane with this persona. It became like a Mr. Hyde for me. By day I was mild mannered, quiet, and genuinely decent to people, but all of my insecurities and anger were released into this ugly capsule. I also tried killing myself when I was 17, and the only reason I survived was because I didn't cut myself deep enough. I bled out for 11 minute profusely. I soaked through an entire roll of toilet paper, a gym bag I had, and a few towels. It was absolutely terrifying. I was getting really bad dry mouth towards the end, and I felt like I was going to pass out. Had I not stopped bleeding then, I would have probably needed to go to the hospital. My parents, who had been throwing me in and out of therapy, assuming I had something wrong even though I kept it hidden by being hateful and withdrawn towards them, never found this out. I vehemently denied it, saying my cat scratched me, and eventually they gave up trying to figure it out. I knew that if they found out what I did, I'd be doped up on meds and potentially put away in a mental hospital. I knew I had no chemical imbalances, my surroundings were just driving me insane. I had derealization syndrome, I was having a hard time sleeping, and panic attacks were regular occurrences. I was snapping, but I knew it wasn't a chemical problem. If they started doping me up and locking me away like I was insane, then I would turn insane, and I'd be a victim of my circumstances completely.

And then I went to college.

As I was graduating high school, I made a point of losing weight. I didn't care about my looks, I didn't care about what people said about me (and even when I was in high school and relatively popular, people chimed in about my minority status and weight a lot), I just wanted to get fit. I was ridiculously out of shape, and although I was strong due to working out, you wouldn't know it because I was a slob. I lost a lot of weight, and put a lot of muscle on, around the last month of school was when I had mostly evened out. I lost a little more weight over the summer, and I moved into college.

In high school, I didn't really pay attention to girls. I was very on edge about being at all vulnerable, so I was voluntarily withdrawn from dating. Even when I was fat though, a good amount of girls had found me attractive. Mostly creepy ones who stalked me or obsessed over me, but at least it was something. When I got to college, I had come to terms with that I wasn't a good looking guy. I was just not what women wanted, both as a person and with my looks. I was content with this, accepting of it, and found comfort in it. I set my expectations realistically, and kept to myself. But, apparently, I found out I was actually pretty hot once I got in shape. Girls who I never even fathomed would ever find me attractive were losing their minds over me, dozens of them. I was told I should go into porn once, and I did a modeling shoot with a friend. It was kind of surreal. It also led to me getting sexually assaulted, and meeting a lot of girls who although attracted to me, treated me like crap. I withdrew inward, but my bitterness towards women was declining. I had become more accepted for who I was at college, and the progressive nature towards gender dynamics that colleges can foster made me more comfortable to be myself. I was still really down on myself because of my personality however.

The nail in the coffin for my misogyny, and the beginnings of me losing my self-hatred, was when I took this random class by an exceptional professor that ended up being about racism and sexism. Prior to this class, I had, despite racist insults, convinced myself I was white. I was still pretty iffy about feminism, but I had greatly toned down the outright hatefulness I used to express online, and even sympathized with a good bit of modern feminism. But when I took this class, and saw the facts presented to me about these things, I realized I was never white at all despite being a light-skinned person, and that feminism not only benefited women, but it REALLY benefits men. Especially for a guy like me, who wasn't really a stereotypical male, feminism stood up for guys like me to express themselves, as well as demanding equity for women. I completely dropped being sexist after that, whether online, in real life, or in jest. It was a learning process to unlearn that stuff, but I got there. And slowly but surely, I ended up becoming more comfortable, caring, accepting, and even loving of myself. Appreciative of who I was. Honestly, it was incredible how much getting in shape, actually interacting with women, and learning about women's issues changed my perception of things. I realized just how disgusting sexism was, and how even as a joke, it was really shitty to behave in a sexist way. I wouldn't say I'm a feminist, only because I think I may have waived the ability to be one in the days of my youth, but I absolutely agree with their sentiments.

Fast forward to my senior year. I'm about to wrap it up. Based off of what I previously wrote, you'd think I had a good directional change for my life path, and was ready to start life anew. Well, that didn't happen. I chose a major that I was best suited for, which was communications, specifically advertising. I did well in college, I have internship experience, was involved at school, et cetera. But I realized that the field I'm qualified to work in via this degree raises major ethical concerns for me, particularly regarding privacy. These were concerns I was also unaware of until it was too late into the major track for me to switch, unless I wanted to stay an extra year, which I do not have the economic means for. The corporate environment for advertising is known for its sexism and racism, which I refuse to tolerate at my workspace, but I also will have to be tethered to social media, and be involved with big data collection. Ever since I was in high school I was up to date with the hideous things the American government, and other world governments, do to enforce digital surveillance without or knowledge. I am vehemently against it, and given recent leaks about social media surveillance, stuff I've learned in my advertising classes about it, and the most recent Cambridge Analytica scandal on Facebook, I've withdrawn from social media completely. I haven't been removed from social media in eight years, now I'm completely off. I also refuse to engage in practices, or be a part of a direct process, of obtaining, deciphering, or using big data to construct essentially artificial digital worlds for people via rigged advertising and selective searches. Couple this with demanding, erratic hours, and potentially having to be international at random times at a moment's notice, and the corporate level of what I'm qualified to work in does not look like the job for me. Problem is, the nonprofit sector of what I'm studying pays so little I would be better off working a full-time retail position at or around minimum wage. Elsewhere in comm, I either lack the qualifications to go into it (broadcasting), it is relatively as corrupt (public relations), or the corporate environment and pay is even worse (journalism). So at the moment, and in the foreseeable future, I'm fucked. I'm applying to jobs in New York City, where I attend school, and could probably shack up with a friend (splitting rent and utilities obviously) if I can get a solid blue collar job. But if I don't find that, and that's definitely not a guarantee, I will have to move back home. Networking and job opportunities are scarce, as it is in an outdated little town, and again, the racist bullshit is everywhere. And the sexism. Quite frankly, when I'm there for too long it triggers old feelings of sadness and self-hate. It's not healthy for me to be back there, and if I'm stuck in that town, I may end up being there forever. I'm also single, and the loneliness is getting to me (I've got a decidedly small circle at school, and we're all very busy right now as seniors, so I'm alone a lot. It's hard to fall asleep sometimes because of it). I don't like most of the women where I grew up, and I have little desire to try dating where I'm from. I don't date white women as a personal choice of preservation for my ethnic roots, so it's very hard to find POC women where I'm from, let alone ones who I am compatible with. There's little in the way of socializing, and most of the people where I'm from are considerably older than me. Having no job, or a part time job that I could have gotten in high school, in a hometown that ends up being taxing on my mental health to live in, all alone, and with no change in sight, will definitely not yield positive results for me.

The linchpin for the suicidal desires comes in the form of pursuing a passion of mine. Since I was 10, I rapped. I did it to escape my everyday problems. I quit it upon attempting to kill myself for the last time in high school, and stopped rapping for five years. As my life has been spinning out of control recently due to my impending graduation and bleak outlook, I've gotten back into rapping, and taught myself how to produce. Turns out, the stuff is coming out pretty damn good. A few very small time bloggers have checked it out (who don't know me personally and regularly shit on people who show them music, so they're not sycophants), and my friends and family, and on all fronts I get notably positive reception. There's even, it's incredibly small but it's existent, anticipation for a project I'm going to put out. All well and good, but the problem is my digital past. The insensitive shit I used to say as a kid online. I also aired out some family grievances online, with less than ideal language, and although I've taken measures to delete the stuff, nothing disappears from the Internet, and it will eventually come to light. I also used to say I was white on occasion online, before I really understood my mixed race identity. I never said anything racist online, but I would also look ridiculous talking about racism from a firsthand experience if I claimed I was white, even though I'm not white. My music is about political themes such as this, and people will shit on me and think I'm a walking contradiction once this stuff is exposed. I'll be bounced out of hip-hop, and then I won't be employable, and my family will think less of me, so I'll spin out of control. My entire life will be marred by the things I said in a time of deep hurt, ignorance, and nihilistic rage as a teenager, because although I may grow and change, that past is permanent via the Internet. My one shot to potentially live out a childhood dream and escaping my current situation has effectively been killed. Even if the music never blew up enough for me to make a full-time living off of it, if it blew up at all, and people connected the dots, I'd be exposed, and the damage would be done. My ethics and fear of technocracy have led me away from pursuing a job with my major. I'm left with essentially nothing to live for, and was thrown into this situation partly of my doing, but absolutely as a reaction to my circumstances. I feel completely hopeless, and that all of my personal initiatives to better myself and change my life were pointless. I feel that if I just killed myself years ago, the disappointment that will be my adult life, and the suffocation of most likely spending the rest of my days in my hometown that hates people like me, would have been avoided. As well as the loneliness. If it gets as bad as I think it is going to get upon graduation, by this time next year I will not be alive. 