Can't get this out of my headSo, I posted here a while back about how my life was pretty screwed up. If you'd like to read it, I guess just click my name or something, because I don't know how to link to it properly. Anyway, the purpose of this is to give an update and just talk things out, because I am just driving myself crazy with daily (if not hourly) thoughts of dying due to my apathy towards my life. Literally, apathy. I just don't care about it or anything anymore, seriously.

So, since writing that old post a few months ago, I dropped out of school because I couldn't handle it anymore. Previously, I was enrolled in economics and public policy. It was the ONLY thing I could get in to, and I HAD to get into something in order for me to go to school, and justify my move almost 500 km away from home (reveal to the stalkers: moved from toronto to ottawa) (sorry, don't know miles... typical canadian arrogance, I know -_-). I applied to switch into a business management program (which I feel I am highly "destined" to become [a prolific manager]), but I haven't heard anything back. A reasonable person would probably want to check that out, but I've just given up and I don't care. It's like I'd like nothing more than for my life to just simply self-destruct! 

So, I was looking for a job. I began in February. I applied to a bunch of places (like over 60, making a custom resume and cover letter for each one). I only applied to positions that I was qualified for, since I already have a college diploma (attached with a perfect GPA and numerous awards), lots of management experience (at least 4 years not in fast-food [I'm 27]), and a generally well-rounded facade that I put forth to the world. The only replies I got were that I wasn't qualified, interview with an ad agency to sell door-to-door subscriptions for something scammy (seemed legit), and another interview where they conveniently "lost" my file right after the interview. After being rejected on such a large scale, my confidence severely diminished, and I still feel like shit. And, for the record, this economy sucks.

Moving forward, four out of five of my debts were written off to collection agencies, and I receive numerous calls daily from them. I have not answered the phone once. Like, what am I gonna say? "Gee whiz, wow... this is an awesome debt that I can't ever, ever pay" or "Let me re-budget my grocery money. No more meat, check. No more vegetables, check. No more peanuts and potatoes, check. Here you go, have twenty dollars."... like seriously... Seriously, though, I am too ashamed to speak to them.

Relationship wise, I have had a hit with my self confidence, not only with not being able to find a "proper" job, but I've ballooned to 260 lbs (I'm 6'2'', leaving me "obese" according to my BMI)... I've let go of myself in more ways than one, let's just put it at that.

I feel right now I'm whining. Let me just reflect for a second and say that this story is not exaggerated. I just have a very cynical and sarcastic sense of humour. Gets me through tough times.

Moving forward, I applied for welfare and began to receive it in April. I'm thankful for my case worker, because she was the first person to really listen to me since living up here for over 8 months. I still don't have any friends here where I'm at, except my landlord and my cat. I have awesome conversations with my cat, lemme tell you.

I applied to Wendy's, and I got the job. Yay. It's the "best" job ever. More like a huge slap in the face. The people I work with are really leotarded, and lack any sort of professionalism or pride in their job. Yeah, I know it's wendy's, but still, you gotta respect the person paying you and do the job that you were hired to do. I'm stuck there doing crap slave labour, and I've been pushing management to promote me so I can at least use a small tiny bit of my college diploma.

In September, I will be moving back home with my brother. But, I have a strong gut feeling it's not going to work out. I feel that he will lose his place in January (since his lease is expiring, and his youtube videos' hits are starting to fall [he is a youtube celebrity and I cannot name him because many of you probably know of him, and he cannot find this post, ever]), I won't be able to find a job, and then I'll have nowhere to live. Just thinking about the future REALLY makes me not want to deal with it.

I have a tattoo on my arm that says courage in Japanese (yuuki). This tattoo has let me down. I've let myself down. I'm not worth anything. In fact, I'm sure I'm worth more dead than alive, considering that I probably have some life insurance policy out on me that I don't know about that'd pay for my debts.

I'm so stuck. I'm just constantly thinking of dying, and it's becoming more and more real. I've even tried to find things that contain cyanide in them, because it had been used in mass suicides... but no luck there.

Did I ever mention that when I did try to get help through my school that they said my problems were too big for them and they couldn't help me? Yeah. It's a wonderful feeling when someone acknowledges how fucked up you know you really are.

I'm sorry if I sound like drama. I'm sorry if this post is too long. I'm just writing my thoughts out and dashing a bit of my awkward humour into it. I could have written it more concisely without humour, but I'm sure nobody would have read it. Or maybe they won't read it now. I don't care anyway, this is a throwaway account made last year, and I just needed to vent. 

When the time comes, I'll put up a proper note. For now, I'm not going to do anything, but let me tell you, if someone came up to me tomorrow with a gun, I'd take it from them and use it. Or something less painful. Seriously! 

That's it for now. Read/respond if you like

tl;dr: life drama involving someone insignificant, don't bother reading.