Help meFor me, depression is something that seems to have been part of my life for as long as I can remember. I lost my mother to breast cancer when I was ten, and have never been the same since. At first, my depression and sadness mostly came from grief, which is almost totally natural for someone of that age. Then, I turned it all against myself. I started blaming myself, not necessarily for my mother's death, but for anything and everything that went wrong. My first thoughts of suicide came when I was just eleven, and they have been coming and going ever since. I've been through acute in-patient services three times, and residential treatment facilities twice. I seem to get better every time, but it all spirals down after a while. I've probably been on more than 6 antidepressants. None of them have had a lasting impact on me.

When I was around 15 or 16, I started to gain a romantic interest in other males. I've tried to impress a lot of guys over the years, but none of those attempts have worked out. What's more, I eventually began blaming myself for just being gay too. I started calling myself a "fucking faggot," among other things. In fact, I say horrible things about myself whenever I do something wrong. They can vary from "you're a horrible person," to "nobody loves or cares about you."

I don't have a lot of friends, and the ones I do have never seem to talk to me unless I come to them first, which I hate having to constantly do. It makes me think that they don't care about me. I usually end up not talking to my friends for months on end to see if they'd actually get worried, which of course they never do. I realize that's not the best way of handling things, but I constantly have to tell my friends that I hate having to come to them first every single time. They never seem to listen to that, though.

I'm sorry that this post is such a discombobulated mess, but I really haven't been feeling the best today. I essentially skipped work and stayed in bed all day because I just felt so horrible.

Thanks for reading, I guess.