Hatred, anger and sadness. There is only one option I think.....First of all, I am not a native English speaker so I might do some grammatical errors.

I think I will kill myself. Why? Too much suffering. I fell like my chest is exploding sometimes. Because I hate the society. The way it works. And even more, the people from it. Their simplistic beliefs. The fact that they are nothing more than some animals. Stupid and selfish. Sincerely, I've never met a good person. It's a "game of thrones" out there. From kinder garden to the seniors. And if you are not strong enough, you will be banished. Even if you have an iq much over average and a kind personality. Even if you try to help everyone. They will take and leave. they have a superficial mentality. This is how I've been raised. This is what I've seen. I've heard my mom say once: "I only care for me and my family. No one else". She is worth of contempt. Yes, there were some exceptions, but they were very rare. I can not live in a society like that. Where I need to do only "bad and selfish" things to survive. If they have no use for you, they will ignore you. For example, if someone takes your place at a queue you should step up right? Well I can not do that. Not because I don't want, because I don't have the strength. Beyond that, I don't agree with humans at a, let's say, at philosophical level. I don't agree that the stupid should have a voice. Because this people can say their opinion, an opinion wich is easly manipulated by the powerful. And those people think that they deserve my respect! They should die! They destroy the nature and the core of a happy society. I think the world is out of order. Unbalanced. Also I don't believe in god. Because there is no god. god is a toll created by humans for humans. If you believe in religion, it may help you, but that doesn't mean it's the absolute truth. It's your truth. In plus, god is the living evidence of the human's selfishness. They thinks that they are the center of the universe. But they nothing than some small-minded animals trying to have a "life". A life that means gaining power, money, and euphoric hormones in your brain. Because happiness is not real. It's just a chemical reaction of the enviroment. I asked once, a very smart man, an successful engineer, if he believes that rats have souls. He sad no. i asked him if he believes that dogs and cats have souls. He said: Yes, because they stayed a long time with humans. Such selfishness. I can't suffer it. And it's everywhere. Every time I walk on the street, I feel like I need to cover my face with mask. So humans can't see me. I feel excluded. When I come home. I feel like burning my home room, like choking my relatives and friends. Because I am so angry (of course i will never do that from multiple reasons). Because I can't do anything I want because of humans. Ironic, because I am a human too. I can't share my true ideas. Every time I am near other people I fell an extreme level of anxiety. I hate my parents, my relatives, my "friends". Maybe I am insane. I am young, but I will not allow myself to become an excluded human in the society. I thought, "Well, I just need to learn very much so I can become an independent man in the future, with no need of friends." But i am weak. Every time I want to do something, even play a game, I just can't put myself together. I don't have any will. I feel torn apart by these feelings. Also because I ask myself: so what? I will die any way, and i won't go to heaven or other religious stuff like this. I will die. The Universe will die at one point. So what is the point in trying to become something in life if everything will die at one point. It's like building a sand castle and after forgetting about it. So I think I will kill myself. I die know, I die after 60 years, it's the same. To many negative feelings: suffering, hatred and anxiety. You could say that i will hurt my family? They will die also at one point, because nothing lasts! I was thinking about my birthday. What is you opinion about all this?