I don't feel like I can talk to anyone in my life about my feelings, so I decided to make an account here.I don't feel like I can talk to anyone in my life about my feelings, so I decided to make an account here. I have no plan to kill myself right now, but I've been wishing I was dead a lot lately.

I'm a researcher and I don't make much money, so I'm still living with my parents and my brother, who is unemployed and hasn't graduated college yet. My brother broke up with his girlfriend this year and got really depressed. He's also suicidal and my parents actually caught him with a knife one time as if he was thinking of using it on himself. He's doing therapy and he has a psychiatrist etc, my parents are paying for all of it.

I have a boyfriend who is also suicidal. He's in therapy.

My best friend's mom committed suicide when she was a teen and she's chronically depressed. Also does therapy.

The reason I'm saying all this is basically to explain why I feel like I can't talk to anyone about feeling suicidal. I'm afraid of triggering people in my life that I know are suicidal/depressed and I also don't want to burden my parents since they have a lot to deal with already with my brother.

I'm trying to get a therapist through my health insurance, which is what I can afford, but it's a long bureaucratic process and meanwhile I'm exhausting myself by trying to keep pretending I'm alright.

Mostly what triggers my suicidal thoughts is having to do work. I'm always thinking "If I was dead, I wouldn't have to finish my thesis", "If I was dead, I wouldn't have to clean the bathroom". I'm sure not wanting to do anything has to do with me being depressed, because I used to be really excited to work on my research and now it's just a despairingly difficult task I have to get done.

I feel lonely a lot. Maybe because I'm not telling anyone about my true feelings. I often feel like I don't matter and I could just die and no one would care. If I think about this for a few seconds I realize it's not true, and that not only there are people who care but also a ton of them are counting on me, but it's still a recurring thought.

I'm also not sure therapy can help you be happy. I've been depressed and gone through therapy before, and I guess it helped a little, but it felt like it helped me be productive despite my depression, it didn't fix my emotional problems. I feel like I'll always go through periods of my life in which I see no joy in anything I do and there is no way of fixing that. 

Lastly, I'm really scared of taking medication. My brother had a bad reaction to his antidepressants a few weeks ago and he had panic attacks that were very scary. Last time I was depressed and took medication it made me really irritable. It just feels like psychiatrists don't really know what the fuck they're doing, or don't really care if they screw you up mentally. If I start taking medication and have a bad reaction, I'm afraid of not being able to get my work done... And even though I hate working, being productive is what stops me from feeling like a useless piece of shit.