Does anyone else feel like there's a ticking clock?Sometimes I feel like I'm walking to the gallows. Like every step I take is just one step closer to dying. I constantly make new plans of hanging out with people as if to delay the process, but I can almost hear a ticking in the background (not literally) like time is running out. 

And it terrifies me. Like either I'm so scared I'm going to hurt myself or I'm angry at myself because I'm still trying. The latter never makes sense to me, does anyone get actually angry that they haven't given up? Like the Supervillain of a comic book or anime where they're shouting "Why are you still trying? Just give up already!" But it's in your head and it's constant. 

Half of my brain tells me to give up and the other half shouts at me to not even think about giving up. But nothing brings me joy anymore. Not any of my favorite things, sleeping doesn't help, hanging out with friends is a temporary respite. It's scary because I used to rely on the fact that I always wanted a family. Like to get married and have kids. 

Now even the thought of such things sounds like. Terrible? But only because my brain is like "ugh that means we'd still be alive" like I'm scared that even if one day when I'm happy and this is behind me, I'll always think to myself "this comes second to dying though" which might make no sense but it's what I hear in my head and sadly it's what I feel in my bones. 

I'm stuck. Half of me wants to try and keep going but then my depression is like "no it's too hard you'd have to get up every day and do things and interact and even if you watch tv or read books you'll still be miserable" and the other half is just like please just stop this. And I'm terrified because both sound awful and nothing makes sense anymore. 

Does anyone else wake up and their first thought is "ugh I'm still here" and then just the thought of doing ANYTHING makes me want to die. Like my brain says "well you don't have to clean the house if you're dead, or go to work or eat or anything"

I'm looking for advice and for some kind of recognition that I'm not alone? Like I Know I'm not alone and that millions of people deal with this, but I'd like to hear it for these specific issues. 

To answer questions that might get asked: I've been dealing with this for 10 years, yes I'm on medication (7th times the charm am I right?), my friends and family know I'm not okay but it's hard for them to understand, and I'm talking to my doctor about this. I'm trying everything but nothing is working and I'm so tired and so scared and so sad. 