Suicide is not your friendSuicide reaches out its hand and says I’ll take care of you.

Reality check!  Suicide is trying to steal your life away from you.

I visit this sub maybe once every 6 months.  I choose to visit because I’m in the struggle and I have been for the past 5 years.  I like to see different perspectives on the subject of suicide.  However it seems too common for people in here to expect things to get better without doing anything to help their situation.  Doing the same things over and over, but expecting different results.  I end up being pushed away by the overwhelming amount of “why me” attitude, but they do nothing to change their situation.

It honestly frustrates the shit out of me.  Listen life sucks if you want it to suck.  Just like life is awesome if you want it to be.  It’s your choice.  If you don’t like something about your life change it.  People in general suck.  They can’t be trusted.  Fuck em!  If you were alone at your lowest point then do what you can to create a life you love by yourself and don’t let anyone in your circle when you are at the top.

Typically people want to kill themselves as they don’t want to suffer any longer.  Most people suffer because they are not being true to themselves.  They are not doing that one thing that they absolutely love to do.  They typically made unconscious decisions that pushed their lives in a direction that was not meant to be.  Work a soul sucking job for money.  Marry someone for the wrong reasons.  Bought a house because society told them to. Etc.  

You are what you think about most.  And if you don’t know how to control your thoughts you can get yourself into a terrible dark spot.

“Feeling Good” by David Burns is an awesome book on this subject.  If you truly want to get out of your situation you need to put some effort into it.  Read reviews on that book.  It will impress you.

In the end your thoughts are controlling your life.  And you have the control to change those thoughts.

