I don't know what to do.I'm a recovering meth/everything junkie who was going to have a year in two weeks. Last night I went to visit my sister and friend in a place I've never really been before. I ended up rather then going home right after my sister left on a flight sitting in a Buffalo wild wings drinking. I just turned 21 this year and had never drunk at a bar before and I suppose I just wanted to feel like everybody else in the place. I felt absolutely terrible after three beers. I decided to drive home and told my roomates what happened, the entire three hour drive all I could think about was how disappointed I was in myself, how I had made all this progress in my life to throw it away because of peer pressure. I felt like a failure and I still do right now. I know how silly it seems and even I think it's silly. I feel as though I let myself down and everyone around me. I just want to give up. I have a solid support system that I set up trying to get sober, but I feel as if I disappointed them as well. I feel horrible, I called out of work today and let my boss down, I lied to him about why I was calling out and this is a place I just recently got promoted at and was actually rising in ranks and doing a great job. Im so lost. I so desperately want to be like all of the people I went to high school with and just be in college and partying and acting normal, not becoming suicidal over the fact that I drank a couple beers. All I've thought about today is giving up, my drive home last night it took everything in me to not slam down on the gas pedal and let myself drift into something. For a time in the past year I was actually looking forward to the future, and now I'm back where I was most of the last 10 years, feeling like shit, ashamed of who I am deeply and wanting anything to take it away. The worst part now is that I don't have drugs to do that now. I used to use drugs to take all that pain away and it worked, for a time, but it doesn't anymore. Even if I picked up meth or heroin or whatever chemical you gave me and put as much of it in me as I could it wouldn't make me feel any better and that's the worst part. I want it to just end, I'm tired of trying so hard to be better only to go right back to demoralizing tunnel that leads to some bitter end, of either directly killing myself or slowly dying an addict death.