Tomorrow is the day. 12 midnight.I cant handle anything anymore. its been weeks and weeks of laying in bed crying and now im in the bad habit of bashing my head for relief again. i cant keep going on, i know i will never be happy.i met someone who i thought was going to be my soul mate. but, i was an extremely jealous person. we broke up months ago. we started talking 2 or so months ago over text. promise after promise keeps falling through. i got too emotional, i got scared, i thought this was the hint everyone talks about, that she doesnt want me anymore. but she told me she missed me, thinks about me lots, fantasizes about me. we were going to sleep this weekend, like before. i was so excited after all of this time. yesterday she sent me a message after i let out my hysterical worries. saying "jay jay i dont want you to message me anymore. i only feel guilty or bad whenever i read what you say. i want to be alright."... when i first met you, you were alone. you said you were anyways. i was always there, we fell for each other. made plans for the future, said our love would never die, that we would always be there. then she sent that message. no care, nothing. just i dont want you to message me anymore. i was there when she needed me. every time i hurt i have to bottle it in. or she will run away or get upset with me. i have to take it as it is, silence and uncertainty. now shes gone. its my fault. i should have stayed gone the first time. i wish i didnt meet her at all, i wish i went through with it all those months ago... i wouldnt be feeling like this. today i sent her an awful message, saying how she would hurt me and make me feel... but then i felt betrayed for this so i began belittling her. she hasnt replied, but i dont blame her. i told her in that message to never talk to me again. i told her hurtful things i didnt really mean. i said horrible things about her. despite all this ignoring she does to me, i did once love her. i never needed to add those horrible names and judgments on her. im sorry CC. i really am. but maybe its for the best, now she can truly hate me, she can forget about me... im going to spend time with my misty today, my little princess cat... i dont know if i should find her a new home first or what... i hope that cats are different, i hope she will forget me. i love my baby misty...  i dont want to leave her... my misty only loved me.  im going to find her a good home, someone who will give her lots of love...  my dad, my poor father... he said he would die too. my mom said the same thing... why do they have to love me??? theres nothing good about me at all... im so hurt i cant keepg goign im so sorry. im sorry im sorry im sorry im sorry... i wish they could understand. tomorrow night, i need one more night to hold my little misty... she waited lutside my door last night but i was too fucked i didnt want nothing to hold me. i dont nderserve ikt. i dont deserve anything. i only hurt. its all im good at.  im not going to hurt people no more. im not going to be lied to anymore. i wont have to suffer.  i feel so alone. love was my highest priority in life, to feel true romance and affection. initimacy, all gone, im never going to meet someone like her again. i cant get her out of my head. i cant exist, im cursed to forever see her smile, memories of her voice when she used to sing me songs... not anymore...

tomorrow at midnight. i will have one last campfire near the shore. its my most favorite place in the whole wide world. i grew up there when i was small. the waves used to help me sleep. maybe they will help me sleep this time... but im not going to my favorite place to sleep, my family also loves that place. plus it reminds me of her. all the promises and things we will never do... so im going to walk down the long dark road, where theres a point looking out on the lake, beautiful spot. trees surrounding the shoreline and theres these old native ceremony cloths and knots tied on branches. i will get cozy on the beach stone ground. i will listen to music, my favorites. even the ones she told me about. a bottle of wine. a pack of cigarettes. i will enjoy the view all by myself. then once the song ends i will finally sleep. i hear its painful, but the waves have always comforted me