I just don't have the energy anymore.So, where do I start. OK,  I’ll start with telling you all my name and why, after 11 years of living with depression, I have decided to start a journal. So here goes. My name is Scott and I am 22 Years of age, I have had depression since I was 11 years old. I have decided to write this journal as a means of releasing my emotions and to show others that they are not alone. OK so now that we have the introductions out of the way, I will explain why I’m am still awake at, as of writing this part of the paragraph, 05:15am. I have a really bad habit of dwelling on the negatives of my past and it just so happens that today that negative is my biological farther ( or as I like to call him, my sperm donor ). I went to put my head down to try and sleep, then all of a sudden he comes flying into my brain. So I check his Facebook.  I start scrolling through his wall and stumble across a post from the 31st of may. Yeah big deal you found a post, I know it sounds trivial but the post was a memorial to my grandmother. I didn’t even know she had passed away. Naturally I got quite upset that nobody had informed me. So I decided to check on other family members’ walls to see when the funeral was. I couldn’t find anything, not even a post to say she had passed. So I kept scrolling, thinking ‘ well I might as well see what they are doing with their lives’. Deeper and deeper I go, passing birthday wishes and trivial posts, then it happens, a post from the 23rd of march, letting their friends know that my grandmother had passed away and the funeral would be on the 30th. It was line a ton of bricks had fell on me all at once. She passed away 3 months ago. 3 months and none of my paternal family even had the decency to tell me or invite me to the funeral. It made me so angry . Then sad. I just sat staring at the post for what seemed like hours. Dark thoughts running through my head. Thoughts telling me to do things that I don’t want to do. Telling me that I am worthless and a waste of space. Then the monsters came. Backing me into a corner. Laughing and taunting me.... this happens a lot, the monsters. It is the visual I get in my head when I have an episode. Big scary monsters surrounding me, visualised as a small child, my only weapon is a broken stick that does nothing against them. Them cackling and taunting, attacking me with their sharp claws. Ripping away at my flesh till I’m nothing but a pulsating mound of bone and flesh. Left to rot away. I’m sorry for the graphic imagery but there is no better way to convey the pain and torment in my head. It’s now at the point where I’m losing what little grasp I have left on reality. I’ve seen a doctor and other medical professionals but they are no use. All they do is sit there and say ‘ and how does that make you feel’. What use is that, I need guidance. I need someone to be there and help me fight the monsters. Not ask me how things make me fucking feel. I’ll tell you how it makes me feel. It makes me feel like ending it all. It makes me feel like you are a waste of time. Getting paid to ask the same question over and over again. Pretending to care, when really all you see is a big money bag sitting there. Are you even listening to me or is all you hear the sound of pound coins jingling and bank notes rustling. And don’t get me started on the drugs they give you. Trazodone 50mg, take one at night. May cause drowsiness. Yeah no shit. They turn you into a Fucking zombie. They don’t get rid of the pain. They make it worse. They take what little humanity you have left. Then you tell your doctor and they just fob you off “ take them for another couple weeks and come back”. Bitch I don’t Ned to take them for longer l. I know what they are doing to me now. How would you like it if I just took the whole box. Oh wait yeah that’s right.  You wouldn’t care would you. It doesn’t affect you. As long as you still get paid and get to go home to your cushy little life. Well fuck you. I’m sorry but I need to get this off my chest. I honestly don’t want to be here anymore. Everyday is a struggle. A fight against the desire to end it. But I can’t. I’m fucking coward. I want to be dead but I don’t have the balls to do anything about it. Then when you try and vent on social media, you get people saying things like: “ why are you depressed for. You shouldn’t be” and “ I’m here to talk if you need me” but they never are. You try and talk to them but they just run away or call you stupid for having bad thoughts. Or they tell you to go to a doctor or see a councillor . Don’t you think I’ve already tried? Then you start staying in bed all day. No energy to move. No strength left to face the day. But that only makes things worse. Your family start calling you lazy. They don’t care that you are on the verge of a full on break down. To them you are a waste of space. A burden. A failure. Then you have bottle of vodka in your right hand and a box of pills in your left. Ready to do it. But you can’t. You know that if you do it won’t solve anything. Your family will just call you selfish. They will judge you even after death...._x000D_
The time is now 06:15am.  I’m still unable to sleep. The more I write the angrier I get. My brain is going into overdrive. The negative thoughts getting more and more twisted. My weapon is gone now. My last defence, as useless as it was, a pile of dust on the floor. The monsters bigger and meaner. They don’t laugh at you now. Or taunt. They just glare at you. Their eyes burning into to as they slowly tear away at your flesh. Reaching inside of you.  Destroying what is left of your frail body. Till there is nothing. Not a trace. But the monsters don’t go. They stay. Still glaring. Eyes fixed on the spot where the disembowelled you. And then you come back. Poof. And it starts all over again the monsters feasting once again. You feel it will never stop. An endless cycle._x000D_
