Oh no! Not another suicidal formerly gifted kid!Who needs another one, right? Also, formerly gifted and formerly kid, if you want to get pedantic. So, I hope you're ready to hear a white privileged kid whine! Buckle up boys, it's gonna be a long one. 

Here's the short story of my academic life. As early as I can remember, I was odd. Smarter than my peers, oddly serious as early as 4 (on mothers day that year I told my mom that she probably wasn't the best mom in the world, because that would be impossible to measure, lol), socially distant, and indoorsy. I was tagged for the gifted program since 1st grade. All honors classes in middle school, 8 AP classes in high school. Ultimately I graduated cum laude (along with like half my class, lol) and received a special certificate for averaging above a 4 on my AP classes. Hell, I got a 32 on the ACT and was a National Merit semi-finalist. And guess what? I didn't even try. I seldom did homework, never studied for tests. The closest thing to preparation I did for the ACT was jerk off in the school bathroom ten minutes before it started.

Where is someone with so much promise, so much obvious talent, and so much intelligence today? Why, a 24 year old college drop out, too depressed to even be employed so collecting disability from the US government, barely able to remember basic words and likely dead in 3 months, where else?

So, how did I get there? Well, for that, we're gonna have to take a another trip back, this time looking at more than academia, and with a bit of a microscope.  If you're not interested in hearing an internet stranger's uninteresting college years, feel free to skip ahead to the bolded words. 

First thing you should you know. I've been in and out of therapy at various points in my life starting at 8. Like I said, I was an odd kid. I wound up talking a lot about death and dying when I was that age. That got me my first trip to mental health care worker. Then again at 13 and 15. It's never really helped. So, on to the major parts of the story. 

Senior year was when my suicidal thoughts really kicked it up a notch. I basically stopped smiling at this point. I was angry and irritable. I realized as I sent each application that if I didn't get in anywhere I'd probably wind up killing myself. Having a gf was pretty cool though. I know that having a relationship doesn't make you better, but holy shit it helps. My grades were slipping a bit but slipping from A's to B+'s isn't that noticeable to most people, including my parents. 

Eventually, after a slew of rejections and a wait listing, (set my sights too high I suppose) I got accepted into a relatively high end university. Same university as several of my friends and my girlfriend.  Yay, hooray. We considered getting married, but ultimately decided to break up for college to let each other have a chance to grow, and if at the end of it we wanted to get married, we would. Until that time, we would just be friends with benefits. This turned out to be a pretty good course of action. "She" was a he deep down. Now we're roommates and good friends but have no romantic inclination towards each other. He's easily the smartest guy I know, and I truly respect him. 

After moving out and into college, the first thing I did was make an appointment with a psychiatrist. Got on meds, figured now those depressing thoughts would go away. Nope. I went through about 4 meds my freshman year of college alone and none of them did shit. I also saw a therapist simultaneously, and gave it an honest try. Also nope. She suggested I "Walk with [my] 8 year old self. Pretend that [I was] really taking care of an imaginary 8 year old [me]" which sounded dumb. But I tried it and sure enough, it was dumb.

Oh, and while this was happening I was failing every class but the easy A's. Art criticism class, media studies. Gen Ed's I didn't get in high school. Those I was getting B's in. Turns out, breezing through everything previously left me absolutely incapable of even the most minor effort to put into grades. Oops. Second semester rolls around, now I actually fail every class. I wind up involuntary committed after admitting to my friend I was seriously considering suicide.

One 2000 dollar hospital bill (and another useless pill added to my cocktail) later, I announce my intent to take a leave of absence so I can take care of my mental health. I move back in with my dad for the year starting in summer. Obamacare was in full swing and I was still considered a dependent, so he should have me covered right?

Wrong. Turns out my dear old dad had no idea how to fill out a form written for the lowest common denominator, and neglected to inform his insurance company about me. Involuntary hospitalization round 2 comes around in September after I unsuccessfully attempt to kill myself. 

(A brief aside. You know that quote from that guy who jumped off the Golden Gate Bridge? "As soon as I jumped I realized all my problems were fixable, except for having just jumped"? Yeah, I didn't feel anything like that. I won't get into my method but sufficed to say I had a few moments to think, and the only thing that entered my mind was "Alright. Here we go." When I woke up, I didn't have any moment of regret either. I didn't feel anything. I just laid on the floor for a half hour. Feeling and thinking nothing. Eventually I just got up, cleaned up my mess, and went back to watching TV. In fact, in terms of suicide and regrets, my only regret was that this attempt failed. I've felt that regret every single day since.) 

Another useless drug, another 2000 dollar hospital bill, and a meeting with a sliding scale therapist and psychiatrist. I got 6 sessions in, made no progress, and was soon forced to return to school way too early. But I didn't have a choice if I wanted medical care. I gave school another solid semester before finally throwing in the towel after failing all my classes yet again. Hospitalization number 3, this time voluntary. I was going in for a reason now.

See, during the year I took off, I discovered something very important about myself. It turns out that I absolutely cannot do any degree of unskilled labor. By which I mean, I do not have the temperament. I refuse to pretend to be happy. I have no patience for rude customers and question authority, especially arbitrary or corporate authority, constantly. Finally, I just can't stand the work. It's so pointless and menial. I'm convinced Camus wouldn't have claimed to see Sisyphus smiling if the man had ever worked retail.

Oh. And I'm also lazy. I know you're inclined to say "No! You're depressed! You have executive dysfunction! You're not lazy!" I assure you, I am lazy. Depression and laziness are not, in my experience, mutually exclusive. 

But, there's always plan B.

With an arm full of medical paperwork and residual student loans keeping me afloat, I set out to get disability. Anybody who's been through the process knows how difficult it is. How likely you are to be rejected in the face of even incredible evidence.

I got it on the first attempt in under 6 months. Yet another stroke of luck wasted on the lazy idiot.

**And that's pretty much where I am now.** (If you thought that was long, I edited out around 10 additional paragraphs going into my grade school and middle school days, along with other aspects of my  pointless life story) I've made no real changes or progress since. I've stagnated for the last 5 years. Haven't had sex in 6 years. Haven't had a job in... Well pretty much ever, at least nothing that lasted more than two weeks. I've made token attempts to get help again to no avail.

My life experience has taught me a few things: Hard work and success are not correlated. Odd, I know. You'd think I take away the opposite ide considering my laziness is pretty much what got me flunked out of college, but I really haven't it seen it pan out elsewhere. My mother and father worked their asses off to build good lives only to end up significantly worse off. My hard work in trying to get better has in no way helped. Other thing I've learned: Psychology isn't really a science, therapists have no clue how to actually help, and psychiatrists are mostly guessing. Lessons hard learned through 7 medications from 3 different families of anti-depressants plus an atypical anti-psychotic.

Now, you may be looking at this and thinking "That's great and all, but why are you actually suicidal?" And honestly, I'm not entirely sure. I'm basically just miserable. Nothing brings me pleasure or joy. Nothing feels meaningful. Hell, things barely even feel real. Everything annoys me. Most people seem slow and dull. I get frustrated and sometimes downright mad when I look around at the world. It's all shit. Everything we do is monitored, monotized, and marketed. Para-social relationships are weird and bizarrely intermingled with capitalism and branding. Companies try and obfuscate themselves as friendly individuals behind sassy Twitter messages while paying their workers peanuts. Did you know the CEO of Wendy's is a major Trump supporter? The bullshit bootstrap mentality is omnipresent, and attempting to point out institutionalized flaws in the system means that you're looking for excuses. A few days ago, my phone's keyboard started displaying Microsoft's name for some reason, so even as I type this I'm being advertised at. The world has morphed into a comical exaggeration of "They Live" and it feels like anytime you try and show someone, it's like the 10 minute long fight scene from "They Live" where you just want the guy to put on the God damn glasses. 

Oh, and as I said before, I haven't had sex in 6 years.

In the face of all that, and the knowledge that, realistically there's not much of anything I can do to change it in the face of an apathetic majority, I don't see why suicide is such a bad idea. Yes, my family and friends will be sad, but honestly... It's not my job to keep them happy anymore than it is their job to keep me happy. That's not an imposition I wouldn't impose on them, so I'd hope they wouldn't on me.

I've set my date for after my best friend, my roommate and former SO, finishes his last semester of school. I know my death will absolutely destroy him, and I'm sorry it will. But, if it's going to happen, I want him to have the degree to fall back on once he recovers.

I leave you now with what I think is probably the best microcosm of my life. Back when my friend and I were dating, we would go to every dance together. I couldn't stand them being socially awkward and just generally bored by them, and neither could he, since dresses were uncomfortable for him and made him feel wrong, though at the time he didn't understand why and never told me. During my senior year, prom was coming up, and I was very seriously considering not going and doing something else, or even just doing nothing. So I asked my dad for advice. He said "You should go. You never know, you might like it. Even if you didn't like the other ones, proms are different and special. Besides, [your SO] wants go, so you should for her. Even if you don't enjoy yourself at the time, you'll look back and be glad you went." So I sucked it up and went. And I hated it. It was just as bad as every other dance, but now in a big hotel ballroom. My SO hated it as well, he would later tell me. He went because... Well... That was the thing to do. And to this day, I'm not glad I went. Ultimately it feels like only people tangentially related got anything out of it, while people directly involved knew it was pointless. 

My life is a lot like that. Lots of people who really have no idea about me or what I want telling me to keep living for the future, all for the benefit of no one except those only negligibly related. Those close to me know I don't want it but feel obligated to participate in keeping me alive out of some vague idea that it's what they're supposed to do. And finally, I just really don't want to do it.