I don't know what to doHi, I don't really know why I'm posting this I'm just fucking fed up with everything. I'm 19f, live in the UK and my life has just been a complete downward fucking spiral since the day I was born. My mum was an alcoholic who abused me for my entire childhood, of course I still loved her and whatever so when I watched her die from alcohol related multiple organ failure it fucked me up and sent me into a pit of depression, even though I have been self harming since the age of 7 and Ive had suicidal thoughts my entire life. I have lost almost every job I've ever had, the first because my boss found out I knew that he was shagging my aunt while he was dating his now wife, the second because I was pregnant and hormonal and showed up late to a shift, and the last one because I was so depressed I couldn't even bring myself to get out of bed. I'm in about £3000 debt with no possible way to pay it off. I'm on benefits because I can't go to work due to covid, even when I do go back I'm just working in a dead end shitty bar job with no future. Today I learnt that I will never be able to achieve my dream of joining the raf because I'm asthmatic, autistic and obviously the aforementioned depression. I had a miscarriage in August and I was pressured into an abortion in October because my partner said he would be miserable for the rest of his life if I made him have a baby. All I have ever wanted since I was a child was to have my own family because I never got that family unit when I was young and I know I could be a damn good parent if I wasn't so fucked up in the head but even that was taken away from me. Besides, how can I even think of starting a family when I'm so fucked up and have no money and no future. I just don't see the fucking point anymore, I will never amount to anything, I'll never fucking do all the shit I want to do and in a few years time everyone will move on and forget about me like they have with my mum. I'm so fucking fed up with everything I just wish I had the fucking balls to do anything about it so instead I just lie in bed every day in agony because I don't want to be here but I can't find the courage to end it. Maybe I will one day, I hope so - just to put an end to this fucking misery.