Bringing some positivity.Hello everyone. I’m new to this sub but every post I’ve read through, correlates with me deeply. I want to die, I’m anxious 24/7 just by living (although it worsens in social situations), I live at home, I can’t be proud of anything I’ve ever done in life ultimately cause I’ve failed at everything, I don’t have positive people in my life, and my whole family is also depressed, it runs in the family. My uncle committed suicide and my brother has attempted suicide a few years back. Both of my parents have expressed they’ve wanted to die in the past and so have both of my brothers. The friends I’ve had in the past have all wanted to die. It’s like I can’t get away of this depressing way of life. I endure through life everyday, everyday gets worse than the last. Because of my unhealthy relationship with Xanax, I’ve racked up about 4 criminal charges (all different cases) all happening in the past 8 months. I’ve lost my apartment, I’ve lost my vehicle, my license is suspended, and I’m a loser. I want to give up... 

I want to give up but I don’t. The past few days I’ve pondered on the reasons why I haven’t killed myself yet. I’ve thought maybe I was afraid of pain, I have a phobia towards trauma to my body, but who doesn’t? I could find an instant way to die if I wanted. I’ve thought maybe it’s cause I don’t want to hurt my family? I already hurt my family by being alive, I’m a burden, I’m always in a bad mood, I give no love to anyone because I don’t have any to give. People lash out at me and I lash out at them. I’m too depressed to die, the thought of putting towards the effort by buying a gun, or getting drugs, or getting a rope and finding a place, all that shit is just too much. Instead I wallow, no one can hurt my feelings because I already have the lowest opinion of my self. 

The truth is, a lot of this shit is in my head, my family loves me, and I want things to get better. I don’t know if I’m going to be successful at getting my life together but I hope one day I can look back at this time in my life and wonder why the fuck I was so depressed because I actually have things going on in my life. I guess that thought alone keeps me alive. I have a tiny bit of hope left, which is saying a lot for someone in my headspace. I have more to say but I think I’ll leave it there, I hope to one day be an example for someone else going through this, and if anyone wants to talk without someone judging or getting annoyed with you because they don’t understand, I’m here. I think this sub should be about helping one another more. Anyways, I probably wrote this shit for nothing but it’s helped me get my thoughts out, which I haven’t done in quite some time. So that’s something. 

Much love (the little I have left) - Adam 