Messed up my life, too afraid to commit suicideHi,

When I first started college, I told myself it was going to be a new leaf. No more lazing around, committing to putting effort into my work, while still enjoying my time there (which sounds like exactly opposite of my last two years of high school, quite frankly). I just scraped by my GCSEs, passing all of them. No exceptionally high marks, but it was good enough for me. I got accepted into the college I'd hoped I'd get into, and although I didn't get accepted onto the course I originally wanted to study (A-Level), I chose the second best option (a BTEC). However, even that has proven itself much more difficult than I originally anticipated.

It's been almost two months since I started college, and I think I have messed up permanently this time. Before the two-week break, which ended yesterday, I already had a bulk build-up of past-due assignments and classwork I told myself I needed to catch up on - the classwork I had missed was to me cutting class, due to anxiety creating these elaborate realities of me embarrassing myself in front of my classmates that I was eager to fit in to, all with minor reasons behind them (e.g. being late for class).

Yet, I did nothing over the break. I sat in my room like a slob and vegetated with a computer in front of me, all day long. I wanted to do something; I wanted to get up and do my work like everyone else in my class was doing, but I couldn't bring myself to do it. I kept thinking to myself: "Why even try? All it'll cause you is stress after five minutes of looking at it and realising you don't know what to do", and "Ugh, but it's so much effort to bring the computer downstairs and sit at the table...", and these things stopped me from doing anything. I did nothing Thing is, I was aware of the situation I was in. I knew that if I didn't complete this work I was going to reap the consequences (as I did).

So, cut to today - first day back at college after a two-week break. The first few classes were okay, but then I got taken out of my final class (one which compromised most of my build-up of late classwork) to see the head of department of the course I'm taking. We had a discussion, and she called my mother, where she then pieced together the fabricated idea that she and I thought it was best for me to drop the course, which I didn't, but in the heat of the moment I guess I thought it was. Perhaps it is; I'm not too sure anymore.

I then got picked up by my mother in the car and she took me home, most of the duration of the journey was in silence - I didn't want to talk to her and after a short confrontation when we got home, I still don't.

After the confrontation, I relapsed (self-harm) which I haven't done in a long time. I've been having thoughts about dying in college for a month or so, but now I want to make them a reality. I don't care about my future. I don't care about my parents, nor any other family. I used to want to die valiantly, but I don't anymore. I just want to die.

Tomorrow morning, I'm arranged to go back into college to discuss an apprenticeship, which I don't want to do. If I could muster up enough courage to press down a more it would be done, and I would have no worries - but I simply can't.

What do you think I should do?