Kinda wish I didn't have to keep dealing with this foreverLong story short, I had a friend a few years ago who I was close with, she treated me like a brother and introduced me to all of her friends that she grew up with. One day she just decided she was done with me, she thought I was in love with her but I really just liked having someone to talk to, I didn't see her like that. Anyway I stayed close with her friends who she introduced me to and some of them ended up becoming my best friends, I moved across the country to live near them cause I didn't really have anything else. She got defensive about it and started being even meaner to me, and one of our friends basically cut her out of his life because of how she was treating me, he saw it like it was me or her. This has been going on for a few years and now she HATES me. I tried reaching out to her, she said "enjoy my life and delete my number, bye." I used to think that it was just one of those things where we don't talk for a few months and then we reconcile our differences, but it's been going on for years. I'm going to have to deal with this for the rest of my life, because I'm living in her city with her friends and I wouldn't be here if it wasn't for her. It's hard to be happy with what I have knowing that the person who I owe it to, doesn't want me here. Sometimes I'm able to not think about it for a few weeks but then somebody will mention her and this hopeless cycle of thoughts comes back. Recently she was in the hospital for like a week. One day somebody is going to tell me that she is dead. I have dreams where I'm at her funeral and I feel so bad. I could deal if it was just a temporary thing but this is never going to go away. I could move again and cut off all of my friends but then I'd really have nothing. I feel like I'm never going to be able to move on with my life because this is going to keep setting me back any time I start to make progress with my mental health. I have to hear about what she's up to, and she finds out about everything significant that I do. I just can't deal with it anymore, I can't think of any solution. It's consuming my thoughts, and obviously this is why she won't talk to me and why she thinks I'm in love with her, I'm obsessed and can't get it out of my mind. This is still going to be happening in 30 years, I know it. I want out. I won't actually do anything though because of my 7 year old nephew who thinks I'm the coolest guy in the whole world, I wouldn't fuck him up when he's that young. I still feel totally powerless though. I wish I was never born. And yeah, maybe one day I'll wake up and I won't care anymore, but it's been going on for so long and getting worse and worse that I really feel like I'm doomed to obsess about this forever, until she actually dies and then it'll feel even worse than it does now. Maybe it seems like it's not that bad of a situation but combined with my pre existing depession, it's taken over my whole life. And there's nothing anybody can do to help, no matter how much they care about me, she's just not a sympathetic person and her friends accept it about her. 