LostI’m 17 years old and have just kinda lost hope with everything. I’ve changed a lot from younger me , in ways I don’t like. I used to sit in class with people who just told me to shut up any time I said a single word ( literally I only was able to get out a handful of sentences the entire 3 years). I was ridiculed and made fun of and if I tried stand up for myself I would be told I’m being a dry shite and it’s just a joke. I began to lose all interest in school and eventually stopped trying at all because I dreaded being there.I feel like I wasted the talent I had, going from winning competitions and getting near perfect scores on everything I did to just barely passing most subjects. In the past year it’s gotten a bit better, I’ve found a few good friends but am struggling to make stronger connections. I’ve noticed I’ve become a not so nice person, making jokes about people, not because I dislike them but because that’s how I’ve kind of been conditioned to act because how I was treated I guess. Though I don’t really mean anything I say I still feel like I’m hurting people I don’t want to.Even people I really like I don’t feel I can trust, I act less nice to them , sprinkling in a 1 negative joke with every 2 positives so it doesn’t seem like I care about them when they don’t actually like me back or are just pretending to like me as a joke. Recently i made a pretty big mistake while setting up a fibre optic cable at work (6-8 thousand euros worth) and we’ve yet to test the wire to see if it’s working. I don’t want to let everyone down seeing that most likely me and the two people with me would lose our jobs if it ends up being broken. I just really hope it doesn’t fail cause I don’t know if I can get past that. The stress alone has been killing me and I really just don’t know what to do. With quarantine going on as well I’ve felt more lonely than ever. A few weeks ago my neighbor hanged himself outside my window and I suppose feeling sorry for his family is the only thing that has kept me here as I do love my family and wouldn’t want to let them down any more than I felt I have.