If I can't trust anyone then why live?Simply put my life has been rendered into a pile of complete chaos and bullshit. The following story is just too subjective for any one of my, "friends" to understand as they've reached a consensus in deeming my problems irrational and my plight unrelatible. 
This is due to the way in which I present myself, I come of as a narcissistic introverted asshole with a monotone voice. This is merely a front which I deviced during my adolescence as I could never quite reconcile the love I had for even the most transient person in my life and their response towards me. Apparently I think that if I am rude in all my remarks that then it won't matter if I'am disappointed or even insulted by the other party's response because I will have, in my mind, deserved it. 

So now, about my life: I'am currently an 18 year old male attending university in the United States. Throughout high school I encountered many people, some of which manifested into my very best friends up until my junior year. This would mark an extremely negative year and turning point in my life as it was the first time I consumed LSD with my friend who I will call Chris. He was my role model throughout my adolescent years and more than I had hoped any friend could be. I loved him like a brother. Our acid trip was as normal as can be expected of two people trying psychedelics for the first time. That was until we got back to his place. Upon arriving Chris entered the shower with his girlfriend at the time for what seemed like an eternity. Then after that moment passed he suddenly appeared between myself and the television I happened to be watching at the time, restrained me to the chair, and repeated over and over again, "life is a simulation", "life is a simulation", "life is a simulation." Perhaps this may seem innocent enough to the average reader but any person who's done any kind've mind altering drugs knows just how despicable this truly was. Shortly there after I experience what can only be described as a psychotic episode. I faded in and out of conciousness for the rest of the night. All that I really recal is that I ended up back at my house with Chris and the rest of my so called friends hating me. Everyone that is except for a girl that I will Charlotte. She had been my friend for even longer than Chris and now that he was no longer in my life I naturally gravitated towards her to make sense of it all. At first for purely plutonic objectives which later blossomed into a romance. We dated for 3 months, she took my virginity, and broke up with me after I confessed that I had always secretly loved her throughout out long friendship. I now have no real friends. They invite me to party's but are always walking on eggshells hoping not to ignite the ever impending bad trip that they believe resides In my head, all except charlotte of course who knows what really took place that night but refuses to clarify on my behalf for fear of being ostrichized herself. Instead she distracts herself with the various "shitty guys" (her words not mine) that she frequently sleeps with then proceeds to complain to me about. I see her frequently at these gatherings on the weekends between all of my old friends, only to return to university alone. At these party's I frequently feign inhebriation only to pretend to fall asleep. Then I subsequently spend the night either sneaking out the back to smoke or crying into my air up mattress, envious of her new dipshit confidant. Long story short chris' brain is baked from acid and is no longer capable of fending for himself I am desperately still in love with charlotte even though she betrayed me almost two years ago and I'am incapable of showing myself to the outside world who hates me. Death is imminent all because I can't stop thinking of how much I loveChris and Charlotte, my two best friends who I ruined.