For any and all here, please read this. There is more than hope.It’s cliché for me to say I’ve been to the breaking point, just like everyone browsing this sub right now. Regardless, I know the pain. I know the nights and mornings that bookend your struggle. Your bed is your home and your home your prison. You hate the taste of everything you eat. The sunlight that used to come into your windows to illuminate your room has been replaced by darkness and the dim glow of a TV or computer screen. You get invited to hangout with your family and friends, giving you a jolt of anxious energy to find any suitable excuse to not go. You sit and listen to sad music and replay reasons to leave this world behind over and over, hours past midnight as the only feeling left in your chest is your slow-beating heart.

But let me tell you, time will help, friends will help, exercise will help. But, none are the cure for what you are going through. Trust me. No amount of sex or alcohol or cigarettes will ever patch up the scars you now have. You must go get help, step by step. I implore you to go talk to your closest friend or family member. Mom, Dad, boyfriend, girlfriend, best friend, anyone you can. Forget your comfort and the mask you wear right now. Forget the fear you have. The world may seem like a messed up place, but I have now started to see the beauty. Start by talking to someone. Be honest, don’t hold back. Cry if you feel the urge.

Then, go get professional help. None of what you feel is your fault. Our brains are the most complicated machines we know of. They are chemicals and electric circuits sending and receiving signals. Right now, yours may be a little off in terms of chemistry. Please go see a doctor and get the help you need. Start therapy. Tackle your problems head on. I have had to do that, and I swear to each and every one of you it works. BUT, it only works if you cast aside your worries, fears, and doubts when you get help. Be honest, be open, and listen.

I have lost too many friends and family members at too young an age, and I thought I’d join them at a young age. Now that I’m getting the help I need, I’m moving forward and into a better direction. You all have such bright futures, so many laughs, so much love, and too many memories ahead of you to just throw them away. I swear to you all, if you get help, you’ll see the current struggle as a bump in your past that made you stronger.

I know hard it is to go and talk to someone face to face about your problems and thoughts and fears. I know how much the pain and empty feeling destroys you. I can’t say I know your situation, your name, your past, or your struggle. But I know you can and will move forward. There’s too much love out there for everyone. Forgive others and forgive yourself. I hope you all find the strength and courage to get what you need.

Much love.