TrappedI almost did it yesterday, I set everything up in a space at work to hang myself. But I fucked it up. I can't even kill myself right. I have dozens of people asking me if I'm okay all day when they see me, I haven't been able to hide my depression very well. It's been months now and I've only had about three days where I felt normal thanks to antidepressants. I managed to get seen by a civilian doctor back home. Then they stopped working. But what are you supposed to say when people ask if you're okay? I want to tell them the truth, but no one really wants to hear that I just want to die or feel normal again, but I never will. I tried to talk to medical, I told them I don't really want to live and that I feel miserable all the time for no reason... they told me to come back if I became worse. I thought my struggle would finally be over when I worked up the courage to talk to medical. First I called the hospital but they wouldn't see me without a referral from my ship. I finally worked up what little courage I have (pathetic, I know) to talk to someone and tell them that I was on antidepressants that I got from a doctor back home. It was humiliating. They made comments about how I was crazy. The military won't really help you. I've just been told that the school I was supposed to go to is never going to happen for me and that I'm not allowed to have a gun. But I'm still stuck here. Death is the only way off this ship.

I thought if it ever came to this I'd at least have a good last meal or day just to enjoy life before I ended it. But I can't even get away. There are no days off. Not that I feel like eating. I can't eat or sleep. I want this to just be over.

I tried to get help. I did everything they told me. But I can't bring myself to say anything other than fine when people ask how I am anymore. I can't even talk to people outside of one word answers anymore. I guess it's a sign that I'm just a whiny child. I don't deserve to be depressed. Whenever I reveal how I really feel about anything it goes bad for me. First I get any opportunity I had to improve my situation in the Navy stripped away. I tried to tell Navy people online about what happened when I tried to get help and they said I was a total piece of shit who can't handle being an adult, which I am, or a troll. But it was actually really good in a way. I showed how I really felt and some people were finally honest enough to tell me I'm a piece of trash and that my situation isn't a problem. The problem is me.

A lot of people are trying to be nice but it actually felt good in a way to hear the truth about what a fuckup I am. But I don't think they believe me. But I told the truth. I tried to ask for help but it didn't work. 

I wasn't anything like this 6 months ago. I'm worthless now.