Something to ponder regarding taking a life, even and especially if it's your own. New take on things.Might somehow trigger but it's not graphic. Bear with me if you will. Just gonna write this and hopefully those who can understand, will. 

I've been given some information that might be a life, mind and heart changer for a few of you out there. I'm pretty sure the knowledge is out there on the web, so whoever can pinpoint a search that will fetch this data, to verify what I am going to say, please do check. This is from Higher source, from the Supernals and from the Place called Heaven. God's abode. So basically, regarding suicide. Many of us have been in this exact situation of despair and wanting to die many lifetimes before. MANY. Some where, at some time - in time - something went awry in our lifetimes . Some force caused us to lose our way and become despondent. This caused to us to choose death over life. Know this - that at that time - we were singularly immediately BROUGHT BACK into this world. 

There was only a cessation of the pain for 2 minutes not less. It was not a reprieve. It was not an end to pain. It was a break. We were placed in a place called purgatory - in Hebrew it is called Kaf Hakelah. This is a place of Judgment. There we were told to return. No questions asked. Nobody put us in hell. We were not admonished. We were simply given a new body and a new life - to get it right this time around. Many times before we succumbed to the pain and chose again and again death. Our souls have carried all of this pain around with them for so many lifetimes. Which is why so many of us are so TIRED emotionally. Thing is we have NO CHOICE but to stay alive. We have to recognize that there is no leaving till we CROSS OVER the threshhold into the light of understanding in this world. We can't choose death any longer. It does not serve the Universe and serves no one or anything.

This wanting to die is a reflex - a knee jerk reaction of the mind but not of the soul. The soul wants to complete its mission. So it is now our job to stay on COURSE. Not to waver - and not to give in. No MATER what happens. Life is the only choice. And there are no coincidences. Whoever understands this, will understand. I hope it doesn't fall on deaf ears. That's it.