TiredPerhaps this is a cry for help, maybe not.  Maybe I just want to hear whatever bullshit people will try and spout like "it gets better" or "your life has value".

I'm early 40's, male.  I have a BS and MBA from two of some of the best universities in the states, graduated with top honors for the latter. 

I've been laid off and fired in the last 4 years and unemployed for the better portion of that period, living off my savings.  I've applied for more jobs than I can count that I'm beyond qualified, overqualified, underqualified, and I get zero callbacks.  I get calls every so often from those bulk headhunters who forward resumes but never any traction on those.  I've had my resume and profiles professionally reviewed several times.  I've tried starting my own business unsuccessfully and have basically no recourse left due to where I am now.

I'm divorced and have spent the better part of the last decade fighting a losing battle to be a part of my child's life.  My former spouse is most likely undiagnosed borderline or narcissistic, manipulative, entitled, and lies constantly.  I've given quite literally almost everything I have, despite knowing that in the end I was going to lose in a system that has historically hated fathers, enabled and self-weaponized itself for purportedly victim mothers, and has generally failed to reduce conflict and uphold and respect our family's right to be a part of my kid's life.

I've managed to push away most everyone that's ever cared about me because it's more painful to talk to others than to just bottle up my pain or deal with it alone.  I lost my best friend to a dumb inadvertent joke.  When I talk to family I can feel and hear their worry and disappointment in everything that I am.

I have severe problems with debt I'm now in because of the choices I've made over the last decade or so.  These were hard choices and I knew the risks, but family has always come first and I did what I did knowing the odds were good I'd end up where I've ended up.

I've managed to forget the vast majority of my life, simply out of shame at everything I am and have ever been.

Thanks to our wonderful family law system I now have a criminal record.  I'm about to go to jail in the near future because I stood up for my and my family's rights as father and family and I lost.  Whatever slim hopes I may have had of trying to land a decent job like I used to have are now gone.

I'm almost completely out of money.  If things don't change soon I'll be homeless within the next few months.  I haven't had health insurance for almost half a decade and car insurance for the same.  I've squeezed almost everything out of my budget to the point where I only pay for the bare necessities.  I have health problems that are getting worse, a suspicious lump on my chest that's been growing slowly the past few years, and probably need half of my teeth straight up replaced because it hurts to talk so much.

I'm tired.

I used to think I was too cowardly to just end it all, but I'm starting to rethink that, and that perhaps nothing is better than this constant pain.  I know it would cause some people pain but my own is and has been overwhelming up to now.

It's not changing.  It's not getting better.  I've asked for help and the only help given is nothing, or it's thrown right back in my face.  The idea that it always gets better is false, it's been getting worse and worse for the past several years with no signs of letting up.  Not everyone gets a happy ending.  I've fought long and hard and I'm within sight of the end of the road.

So do tell.  Someone help me understand.  Because it doesn't fucking get better.