I just feel worthless I guess?Edit(Pre-Edit? I don't know what to call this, I wrote this after writing this fucking rant, Idk):I'm sorry, this turned out to be just a huge rant. I don't open up to people, I don't know how to structure posts like this, I just need to uncork the bottle. TL;DR Sad wagie is upset he doesn't stack up to his expectations of himself.

For context, my life isn't that bad. I grew up in a stable family, I wasn't abused, I mean I was bullied I guess but who wasn't? I hate my job. I'm basically just cleaning up after other people, but at least it's a job. I can afford to rent a little roach-infested house that I'm fighting to try to keep clean, but that's more than what some people have to work with. I can afford food for me and my dog, who I love dearly and feel like he's 90% of my emotional support with me telling myself to just man up being the other 10%. I can afford clothes, utilities, gas, and I have a little left over each month that I can save up and buy computer parts and video games. I have friends that I could probably open up to with stuff like this if I didn't love them so much that I didn't want to burden them with this stupid shit. My family probably would freak out if they knew how often I was on a ledge, but I know they'd care, even if it's just because they're obligated to as my family. I don't have it that rough. I shouldn't feel this trapped or overwhelmed. 

I just... expected more from myself for being in my late twenties. There's this crushing sense of hopelessness because I'm almost thirty and I still don't know "what I want to be when I grow up." The things I'm passionate about seem so disparate from things I could actually make a career out of. I like animals, but I can't handle seeing them injured, so childhood dreams of being a vet went out the window when I realized how many sick and injured dogs I'd have to see. I like books, but I'm not creative enough to write anything. I don't have any real skills or talents outside of that. Honestly I feel like a really underwhelming person in general when compared to the average person. My coworkers just seem more competent than me when you put us side by side in every regard. I get told I'm funny, but what the fuck is that worth? I can make other people laugh while I'm dying inside? What kind of sick fucking joke is that? It's just a stupid act to cope with the fact that being around people makes me so uncomfortable I could crawl out of my skin and hide in a crack in the baseboards. Like it's the only way I've figured out how to "fit in" with people outside of my inner circle. Don't even get me started on trying for a relationship. It's been 6 years since the last one I was in and it left me with trust issues. Like, she wasn't a bad person, just said a lot of beautiful things she shouldn't have said if she didn't mean it. I don't open up to people any more. I don't let myself be vulnerable anymore. I'm emotionally incapable of it. I'd never write anything like this on my main account, let alone *say* half this shit to someone. 

Lately it's gotten worse. I'm stuck at this point where I want to figure out what would make me actually happy. They say everyone has a talent or a purpose, right? That there's something you're good at and you just have to figure out what it is, but I really thought by now I'd have found it. Being able to spout obscure Lord of the Rings lore isn't a talent. It's.. just a nerdy hobby.. obsession.. thing. I want to progress but I don't know how. I could quit my job, find something else, but what if it turns out different than I expected and I hate it too? I'm still right where I was but now I've lost insurance and any other benefits I've built up. And if the money is worse than I just hamstringed my entire living situation. 

There's obvious changes I can make that would make parts of my living situation better; cook some cheap meals at home that are better than the sad hotpockets or sandwiches I normally eat. Work out, clean the house more, get more sleep, just general "take care of yourself" shit, but that's not the root of my problem. I'm a chubby guy, but me being a little disgruntled with my weight doesn't keep me awake at night. Maybe therapy would be a good idea, but I don't think I'm emotionally capable of going through with it. I don't think I could open up to a random stranger in real life if I can't talk about these problems with the people I *know* love me and would be there for me. Never mind the financial aspect of it.

This isn't who I wanted to be. I'm not proud of myself. I hate that. I hate myself for letting me be this way. I hate how low my self-esteem is. I hate how spineless I feel. I hate how little I weigh in my own eyes. I hate that I can't find what I'm supposed to be good at so that I *could* have something to be proud of. I hate that my life so far has just amounted to aimlessly meandering without any sort of progress towards achieving something. I'm scared that eventually this feeling is going to get to be too much and I really do step off that ledge one day. I don't want that. I want to read those books my favorite authors are in the middle of writing. I want to play with my dog more. I want to see my best friend get married. I want to keep living, but the crushing amount of hate and shame I feel hurts so much.