I'm scared of what I might do one dayThis is a throwaway account because I don't need my friends or family knowing about this.

I remember wanting to die (can't really remember why but it probably had something to do with my parents or the fact that I had no friends) at the age of about 9 or 10. I 100% knew about death and the fact that it was permanent at that age. I tried to strangle myself with a belt twice in the bathroom and both times I let go when my vision went black and I started going numb. I tried to drown myself a few times but couldn't bear it. I used to try to cover my face with my blanket when I slept kind of hoping I would just suffocate to death and my parents would just think that it was an accident. I guess I kinda stopped attempting for a bit after that. Again, can't really remember why. Now I've started contemplating again and it scares me.

I've planned it before, even have an idea of what I want to write in a suicide note if I actually went through with it. Say sorry to everyone who will be sad, curse out whoever or whatever drove me to this, give away my stuff to my friends, instructions to wipe my computer and burial methods. I think if I really were to commit suicide I would make it look like an accident to spare everyone the heartbreak. Step in front of a truck or something like that. Either that or an overdose. Anyways, I have the means to do it if I really want to.

Self harm I've done too. Not cutting or anything. I guess my methods are weird too. The walls where I live are kinda rough so I would just rub my knuckles on them until I bled. 

I wouldn't say I'm depressed. Maybe you guys would. I can laugh and joke around and make puns. But I also have lost the will to do anything. I don't have a passion for anything anymore. I used to look forward to everything. Now I can't get excited. It's like my emotions (the positive ones anyway) have been suppressed. Heh, that sounds like I am depressed. 

I've always seemed normal to my friends. Normal emotion wise, I mean. A few months ago I had a week-long panic attack and no one noticed. Not saying that my friends are terrible, of course. I'm just pretty damned good at hiding my feelings.

My parents are pretty biased against anything other than obedient kid. I asked them about suicide once. They said that if I did it, they wouldn't miss me. I should add that they do love me a lot, but we have arguments almost every day and they're a bit homophobic and refuse to talk about suicide with me. I haven't told them about the belt thing yet. Don't think I ever will.

Feelings. That's the bit that gets to me. I'm very impulsive. I've tried to beat people up just because I was pissed at them. I've punched a guy just because my team lost at sports. Given these tendencies, I'm scared that one day, I'll just be so sad and lonely that I'll end it all.

I'm scared that one day something will drive me over the edge and I won't be here anymore. I love being alive. I love reddit. I love video games. I fucking love my friends and family. 

I guess I'm asking for help controlling my outbursts, then. And if you awesome bastards could make me feel better, that'd be great. I hope one day I'll be able to go through the rest of my life without a thought of suicide.

Sorry this is so long. 

Thanks guys in advance.