The perfect dayOn my perfect day i would wake up in my own house alone. then i'd try to do new things in life, like painting, playing the piano, writing a book, all while thinking about all the people i've met in middle school and high school, laughing at my face and telling me that what i'm doing is pathetic and i should kill myself because of it. Because i can't stop thinking about them, the whole day i would feel incredibly nauseous like i always do when thinking about them, but since it's the perfect day, i'd have the strength to ignore it. then i'd drink until all words lost meaning, and i was no longer in pain, all while thinking about my parents, telling me i'm being  irresponsible and childish. then i'd shoot myself in the head. They probably wouldn't laugh at a corpse, so i wouldn't have to feel pain and nausea anymore.

I need to be alone. when i'm with people, i obsess over what they think about me, how i should act, and if i'm being weird. even when i'm completely alone, i can't stop thinking about what they would say, if they'd laugh at me again. I can never feel peaceful.

my teachers don't think i deserve to be miserable. they want me to feel even worse.  which is why when i'm sitting on the floor with my hands sweaty and shaking, trying to calm myself down they still send me stupid shit to do. like the P.E. teacher who sent us a message saying to improve our grades we should send him a video of us exercising on the floor. yes, i should stop my panic attack, throw out my privacy, and do this bullshit, just because someone who lacks any meaning in their life wants to feel better about themselves by controlling me, or he really believes in his worthless job. like i'm to irresponsible to decide to exercise and worry about my health myself, but at the same time responsible enough to do schoolwork. which is it?

i go to IT school, there's absolutely no reason why me not sending that video to him somehow means that i'm not qualified to have a job in the IT field. and yet i have to do it. my life is a joke.