i will never be good enough.29/m

me and my brother were raised by our mother, regardless to say we are extremely poor. we have barely been able to get by our entire lives, because we were so poor i dropped out of highschool when i was 17 to get a job, my grades were garbage anyways so i said fuck it. so career wise i am basically stuck to be your run of the mill fast food worker for the rest of my life. just a few months ago i was making 9.50 an hour at a job i hated working for a terrible human being. i asked for a raise, and he told me i wasnt worth it, so i quit. 

it wasnt always so bad though, a couple years ago i was working for marriott, making 13.25 for an amazing company that i genuinely loved, but of course with my life there is always something that is going to be negative. my supervisor was a parasite of a human being. he would harass us constantly, luckily enough i wasnt female because working with him as a woman would have been hell on earth. my cousin, who worked with me had a rumor spread around by this guy that they had been sleeping together. her husband found out and put a huge strain in their marriage, she went to hr as well as our executive sous chef in tears because of what this man did, and nothing was done about it. he works for marriott to this day. (he also threatened to fight me if i went to a party that the rest of my coworkers were going to be at one time, also he invited me to go golfing with him if i brought my girlfriend at the time, telling my other co-workers that he was going to try to steal her from me even though hes married.) the pressure from this person eventually made me quit. 

to this day i regret that decision. it was the biggest mistake of my life. i was so happy at that point in my life, i was making decent money, i had my own apartment and i was dating the girl of my dreams, we were engaged and living together. i was so happy with my life. things changed though. quitting marriott was what set me down this spiral. 

ex girlfriend moved back in with her parents but we were still together and engaged, but we were long distance at this point, so i decided to move to the coast with my best friend at the time. got a call center job down there and life went on. i was making 9.50 at the call center, which was miserable. by the end of my day i felt like i wasnt human, i spent 8 hours a day on the phone talking to people in distress, it took a toll on me to the point where i basically would start drinking the moment i got home, sometimes id start before i got home because i would hit up the gas station as i left, id buy myself some tall boys and drink them on the way home. i felt so depersonalized and the last thing i wanted to do when i got home was talk on the phone with my girlfriend. we grew apart until she eventually left me. 

this is where things really went downhill. i was livid at first, i wanted to do anything i could to hurt her, because she had found another boyfriend not even a week after she left, which makes me feel she was cheating on me again. i mean looking back at it now i know that it was all because of me, choices i made. it still tears me apart to this day. its almost been a year and i am just not over it. i dream about her ever single night. there is not one single day that i do not think of this woman and it hurts, it hurts me so bad. 

after she leaves i immediately feel the need to kill myself. i quit my job that day, talked to my mom on the phone for a bit for what i felt was the last time. talked to my roommate for a bit when he came home that night, not about anything that was bothering me but just about random shit. i called a suicide hotline and talked to that girl for a bit. nothing helped. i was going to go through with it. i got a 750 of jack, took it to my jobs parking garage at 2am, parked on the 2nd highest level and drank the entire bottle. i dont remember why i didnt do it, i dont remember anything from that night other than crying in my car untill i fell asleep. woke up the next morning and drove home. 

id already quit my job, so i decided to move back to san antonio with my mom, almost 30 years old and moving back in with my mom. terrible terrible feeling. i feel like i failed as an adult. got a job at a fast food joint. (naturally) and resumed life as the piece of shit that i am. i tried to pretend i was better off without her. the few friends that i have told me that i was better off, and that she was crazy anyways. she cheated on me and it was for the better that i wasn't with someone like her. i still love her though, if i ever heard from her again i.. i dont know how id react. i always tell myself that i would push her away, but i know i couldnt do that. it was easy for her because of the person that i am, but she was everything to me even though i was bad at showing it. 

my mom always tried to push me away from taking medication for my depression because of her bad experiences with antidepressants. not that i could afford it anyways. (im on the old american health plan of dont get sick because insurance is expensive.) i am so depressed, i have absolutely no motivation for anything. i felt like getting another girlfriend would help me, because deep down i know i am a dependent person. i just want to feel loved. i want to be loved and ive heard the cliche enough times that it makes me sick "love yourself, no one can love you if you dont love yourself." what is there to love? nothing. 

i am disgustingly unattractive. even when i was with my ex i knew she wasnt attracted to me at all, it came out when she cheated on me the first time. im fat, balding and disgustingly pale. im literally 300lbs of bird shit. i tried tinder for a bit, but that just dashed my confidence even more. i swipe right on every person i come across, trying just to see if anyone is interested. ive gotten 3 matches in the past 3 months and not one of them spoke to me before unmatching. i tried talking to them talked about interest i saw on their profiles, but nothing. 

i tried working out, but do you know how terrible it feels walking into the gym seeing all of these attractive, healthy people and then looking in the mirror at yourself? needless to say that didnt last long. i cant ever stick through with anything because i am so insecure and so depressed that i would rather just give up. all of the fast food jobs ive worked have gotten me so fat that i dont ever see myself being thin again.

so that's what im going to do, what is the point of living when you are this unhappy? ive read around and i see the people posting "dont give up we care about you!" or the classic "things will get better if you out the work in." but i have no motivation or hope for my future. i am ready to die. 


if you read this, just really consider the choices you make in life. i made a lot of bad ones, and this is what happens.