Feels like I have ruined my life.Hello.
I hope you guys will read through my post. I really need some support right now.
So my story starts out with me moving back to Sweden. I had previously lived abroad for about 8 years with my family and living as expats. I was 12 when we moved. I was always highly regarded as one of the strongest students in all the schools that I went to, I was always praised for my schoolwork and my intelligence. In kindergarten I took an IQ test on the request of my school teachers and I got quite an impressive score. I was put in the "smart groups" at school and worked with other people at my level. All was good.
Then I moved. The school my parents chose for me, was a really "good" school by Swedish standards however it didn't really fit me. Everything was too easy. I breezed through everything. This is where my problems started. A friend of my introduced me to League of Legends. Bear in mind this was 2.5 years ago. Well anyway, I have an extremely addictive personality (If I find something I like I get addicted) and because of that I started playing the game like it was life or death. I stopped thinking it was fun and started playing to go pro. Fast-forward 1 year and I realise that my League of Legends career isn't going anywhere. I then switch over to CSGO. I instantly get good. I was competing, getting sponsored and I felt like I was immortal. I even considered dropping out of school to play. My grades started to get worse. From a grade A student to a grade B student. I felt like I was tier-2. (Keep in mind this isn't bad for everyone and if you are a B student it is still super good. Except not for me or my family). I was/am constantly trying to live up to my father who is my idol. He came from the country side and is now one of the top executives in an IT-company. Now I have stopped playing CSGO and video games to try and live up to him, and I am not finding anything fun anymore. I can't study since everything has been a breeze so far, and I feel super horrible. To top it all off, I took and IQ test today and got a score of 103. Right now I am at the verge of tears and it feels like I have ruined my life. Any advice on how to fix my life? Suicide feels like an option since I have failed my family, my peers and all the schoolteachers that have praised me through the years.  