The feelings of a worthless fuck.This is going to be quite long, I doubt anyone will make it to the end, and that's ok. I don't know if I'm here for advice, or someone to relate to, or just an outlet. Maybe all three.  

I've spent a few hours sitting here, contemplating exactly how I feel about everything that happened over the span of these two days. Suicide is a serious option for me right now. It's a comforting thought, and if this thing gets any worse it might become my *only* option. 

My boyfriend and I, let's call him R, are in a long distance relationship. It is a serious relationship, with guaranteed marriage in the future, meanwhile visits when time and money allow. So yesterday morning R tells me that his roommate and friend is "going to try to push a girl his way". R's reasoning is that it would not be a serious relationship between he and that girl, just a Friends with Benefits type thing. 

It probably shouldn't have upset me as much as it did, but it upset me **a lot**. I could see how much he wanted to, though, so I tried to put on a happy face and tell him I was fine with the idea. Well, R was having none of it. He's concluded that he won't do anything sexual with the girl, because "my happiness matters" to him. The thing is, I already feel like shit about myself and then he goes and basically tells me I'm not giving him enough, that he needs another girl? He said he was only considering it because we are so far away and can't have any regular sexual contact. That destroyed me anymore. 

So I basically spent my entire New Year's Eve feeling like someone killed me and tore me apart. I went out and did some seriously stupid shit, that I'm regretting pretty hard right now. It was disgusting and disloyal on my part and I want nothing more than to take it back. 

Fast forward to this morning. I'm talking over Skype again with R, and I come clean about my previous night's activities. We get into a fight and eventually he brings up my cutting and ED. That was a low blow. He calls me a liar, because I tell him I have eaten when I haven't and that I'm still clean when I've cut. That is all true, and I have seen the error of my ways. I was just trying to keep him happy. At this point I was getting really mad, though, and he told me I didn't have any right to be angry, and continued yelling at me and basically tearing any shred of self worth I've ever had to pieces and stomping on them. 

This is where he really hurt me. He questions how he can trust me if I lie to him daily about my self harm and ED, which I do admit is a valid point. Then, he out right says everything I've ever told him is probably a lie. He questions all of the things I've ever told him about my life, including the very few successes I've ever had. He might as well have spit on them and wiped his ass with them. 

I guess the reason this killed me so much is because he has witnessed first hand most all of the things I've told him. He knows I have problems with trusting people, and he's the first person I have ever trusted enough to open up to. We've spent a year building trust and love and he shit on it in under 45 minutes. and it's all my fault. 

I explain to him why I've lied about the cutting and eating disorder, that I Just wanted to seem a little less messed up than I really am. I know that is really deceitful on my part, but I just didn't want to put that burden on him. I apologized to him, and at this point I'm feeling like I'm absolutely nothing. He immediately puts the pieces together and tries to take back what he said. He tells me he believes everything else I've told him. 

But the damage is done. I feel betrayed. I can't blame him though, if I wouldn't have tried to keep my ED and self harm from him then he wouldn't have blatantly called my whole life a lie. I guess that is what is really been bothering me. All of my shitty life, every single thing, I've told him all of it. He also trivialized my few small accomplishments in life. That felt like he stabbed me. Because ALL of that was 100% true. He took my small successes from me. THEY WERE ALL TRUE. 

But, like I said, it's all my fault. I feel gutted and betrayed and hurt and like I should either kill myself or never tell him anything again, because I can't let that one thing go. *He called me a liar*. The thing is I did lie, about my ED and SH. This is all my fault. But all of the things he questioned about my life were all true. He told me he would believe my life story, even if no one else did. And then he totally threw that out the window. It's my fault. all my fault. My trust for him is destroyed, and it's my own fault. All my fault. 

I highly doubt anyone made it this far, but if anyone is reading this: Thank you. I hope you have a great life. 

 