Going crazyCW: child abuse, toxic relationships

My parents were abusive to me from the moment j can remember until I moved away at age 21. Physical and emotional abuse on a daily basis. I was their trophy not their child. Later I realized there was some form of covert sexual abuse as well. They always told me I was the problem, that I misunderstood the situation, that I imagined things. I always believed them. Until I started therapy at 22 and got stronger and better and started accepting what actually happened. Until today. 

I thought I knew. I thought they were the abusers. I thought they were the bad people for hurting me. But I had a pointless fight with my girlfriend, one of those that  I used to blame on my insecurities in the past, insecurities that I used to blame on my childhood. But I’ve been mentally doing good lately. And she mentioned that when we have intense fights, I bring out the worst in her, that she feels anger, something she usually never feels. 

Which got me thinking. My past boyfriends, maybe they weren’t assholes to me. Maybe I was the asshole. When they threw stuff or forced themselves on me, it was just me bringing out the worst in them. They were nice people and I corrupted them. 

Which got me thinking. My parents, what if they were right. They were nice people, meaning the best for me, and I brought out the worst in them. I’m some kind of devil turning the people around me into monsters. What if they were right, and I just misread the situations. What if they never hit me, never yelled at me, never forced me to be naked around them, never kicked me, never scratched me, never humiliated me, never talked down on me. What if they never did all of that, and I just brought out the worst in them and drove them to insanity by saying they did. What if they did do all of those things, but because of how I am, because they’re good people and I ruined them. 

I currently locked myself in the bathroom at my girlfriends place. My head is spinning and I don’t know which reality to believe. I don’t know if this is the right subreddit for this. I don’t want to die, I don’t want to try and kill myself again, I hurt too many people last time I tried. I just don’t know what’s real anymore. I was convinced of the abuse, convinced they were the abusers and I was the victim. But now my girlfriend said I bring out the worst in her and I’m not so sure anymore.