Concerned about my sisterMy sister (F29) is suicidal and high risk. She (sisterX) has lived in another country for the past 8 years by herself for school then work, this is after living with 4 sisters and a brother, mother for the better part of 18 years. She is currently a doctor at a hospital where she regularly sees geriatric patients, some of whom die, has no significant social interaction outside of work, is in a hostile work environment, has a history of cutting, has stated to another sister of ours that she "had a plan" and that she was upset that she didn't follow through with it, she also asked that sister to be her guarantor, talks to that sister about what to do if she (sisterX) were ever on life support and about her wishes for funeral arrangements. She told us to stop buying her gifts because she can buy them for herself and she didnt want us wasting money on her (we did not listen) so I think she may also feel like a burden to us. Last night her confidant told myself and another sister that she "wasn't sure if (sisterX) wanted to be 30". I'm not sure how often these conversations happen because its exclusively between them since her confidant doesn't tell the rest of us because she doesn't want to worry us or betray trust of the sisterX. But her confidant is also in a high stress job (lawyer) and isn't the most patient at times (she means well) and I know from what she let's slip that she doesn't always respond well and that she often upsets the sisterX. The rest of us don't talk to sisterX nearly as much as her confidant. For me its partly because we've never had the type of relationship where we confide in each other and also because I don't feel like I know her very well (because of the first point) and we're both busy (horrible excuse) and don't want to distract each other. I have been trying to talk to her more and so have my mother and one other sister (I'm not sure about my brother and the last sister since they don't live at home and we don't speak a lot, I'm seeing a trend). Up until yesterday I thought sisterX wasn't actually trying or considering suicide because she makes plans to do things with us when she's at home, goes on trips, and never sends "final goodbye" type messages. Since she should be moving back home in 3 months I wasn't as worried lately but clearly I should have been. I thought she might just (I know it's not a "just", I'm not demeaning it) be depressed but after hearing that she had/has a plan and knowing she has the means since she works in a hospital and knows exactly what to do I'm extremely worried but don't know what to do. I need advice because I'm afraid of what she might do and I'm afraid of pushing this out of my mind again and only remembering when it's too late.
It's frutrasting because I want to hear her out, I genuinely want to know why she's feeling this way, when it started, what we are doing to worsen it, how to stop, how to help, what she needs from us. I don't want to badger her, I don't want to bring it up on a good day and spoil her mood but I don't want to chance not bringing it up on a "good" day that's good because she plans for it to be her last. I want to skip the rapport building because it takes time I'm scared she doesn't have and I'm scared of how uncomfortable it will be given we've never been close enough to confide anything serious in each other, we don't have a bad relationship, we get along, we're just not close. It would feel weird to suddenly start asking her all these personal questions but then I don't want the reason I didn't help her to be that "it would have been weird". I Know that rapport is essential but how do I start? My approach to everything is to block it out or tiptoe around it and that won't work here but I'm worried about making her feelings worse or upsetting her. This explanation sounds selfish since it's all about how I feel and I'm worried if I try to talk to her that will sound selfish too and make the whole thing worse.
Please help.