[20M] Failing in college, dating and friendships.Hello everybody. I am not suicidal yet, but I really feel as though I might become suicidal if my life continues in the way it does. So, let's just lay out the foundations of what is wrong in my life so far. 

First of all, I am going to fail college due to a lot of stupid mistakes that I easily could have prevented. The majority of this just comes down to the fact that I did my assignments for school, but I keep forgetting to turn them in due to my ADHD. When it comes to making assignments, projects and tests; I just do the majority of the work, provide great assignments and study a few weeks before the test is even announced. However... due to the fact that I never actually turned my assignments in, I am going to fail college. And the worst part is that my parents know about nothing. They see me working on my assignments and studying for my tests, so they obviously must think that I am going to pass college with flying colors, while the reality is far from their fantasy.   

Second of all, the main reason as to why I didn't really have anyone to remind me of my projects is because I don't really have any friends. The reason for is this mainly due to the fact that my sense of humor is just so weird compared to the majority of people. I get my humor from obscure YouTube videos and Twitch streamers, while the majority of people just get them from TV shows, movies and pop culture. Another thing that really sets me apart from the others is my aforementioned ADHD, and the fact that I have a cleft lip. As a result of that, I could never really talk to people in elementary school (at least not without them making fun of me), and so I kept quiet for the entirety of elementary. When I got to high school, I was already a bit of an outsider due to my weird humor. As a result, I only really got 2 good friends, while I just faded away into the background. I did try to get out of my shell near the end of the school year, and I did get some good friends, but it was too late to make any lasting friendships. 

And lastly, I have actually never had a serious relationship. Yes, I do manage to make out with a couple of girls at nightclubs (even managed to lose my virginity a while back), but the point of the matter is that girls don't really seem interested in me. This is also due to the fact that my cleft lip makes my nose very asymmetrical, and even though a lot of people don't notice it, it really makes me self-conscious about how I look. I really feel as though I am a 3.5/10. I did try online dating, but I only got around 2-3 matches per day, most of whom don't really seem interested in talking to me for a long time. If you want, I show you a picture of what I look like.   

So, do you guys have any advice on what I can do about these sitautions?