My girlfriend is suicidal, she has been before i met her. I want to leave. I dont know how. My girlfriend is losing control lately. She is prone to bouts of anger, depression, and with more frequency is threatening suicide. She unfortunately has endured alot in her life and when me and her fight or something goes wrong it seems like it is too much and she just wants to die. She isnt a drama queen, she isnt trying to hold me hostage, she is a person that has gone through alot and can't take it anymore. 

I care about my girlfriend, I love her very much. But over the course of our relationship I simply have come to realize that I know I do not want to be with her forever. I am happy with her now but i am not fulfilled, however I know that she sees us as being together indefinitely. I know it isn't fair to continue with a relationship that I dont believe is going to go anywhere but I can't leave her with nothing and when she is in a place of such strong need. 

This feeling of mine comes as she is becoming more and more unstable and I really dont know what to do. We had a fight today which led to her wanting to kill herself and she exploded on me, screamed at me for not finding her help, that I was too stupid to see the signs, that she has no one that will help her, that it is my fault for bringing suicidal tendencies out. She told me she took a bottle of pills and then threw them up. However since then she has apologized, has said i am amazing for putting up with her, and that she is contacting psychiatrists to try and make an appointment this week. 

I want to get her help also but I dont know how. She has no family, she has no one that will take her in, she has a very good job that she will lose if this "comes out". I dont know if i should just assist her with finding a therapist, or if i should take her somewhere for a few days where she can get more direct help. 

She has become very, very dependent on me for her own well being and the pressure of it is wearing heavily. 

I find myself in a completely difficult place which makes me feel awful because her place is 100x worse. I have no experience with suicide, and to boot i wouldnt be surprised if she is bipolar. I dont want her to become even more dependent on me and if i leave her I am positive that she will end her life. I can't help but feel like i'm not doing enough in any scenario. 
