Got an Insurance Letter TodayMy insurance company sent a letter that they're not going to cover my (involuntary) hospitalization cost after my latest suicide attempt. It's over $16,000. There's a part that says that my provider can't bill me beyond copayments, but I'm so confused. This document makes no sense. There's an appeal form, and why would I appeal if I won't be billed? I guess tomorrow I will have to call them and sit on hold forever and then ask them wtf it means. It just is a kick in the gut though. My attempt involved copious wine along with my pills of choice (why not go out in style?) Unfortunately my decision-making lapsed and I was talking to someone (leading up to a goodbye) and I accidentally told them what I was up to. Next thing I know the cops are banging on my door and I tried to lie but I also started crying and then they took me away. And then the hospital wouldn't let me leave for a long while. And I played so nice and lied and said that I was fine, it was just impulsive, I don't want to die anymore, I don't have a history of suicide attempts...
You people might, but no body else understands what it's like to fail at a suicide attempt. The rude awakening. The shattered dream. The overwhelming sense of failure and despair. I failed at life, and I failed at death. That leaves nothing but pain for decades for me. I didn't want to be hospitalized. People won't get that through their skull. I wanted to DIE. I don't know how to make it plainer.
To read that they don't deem my stay in the hospital medically necessary just makes me feel like I'm a waste of space and resources. I know I'm not worth it, so why did the system drag me through this dumb process? You have to feel pretty damn low to try and kill yourself. I felt even lower when I failed. And even lower when I left the hospital and still had suicidal thoughts and felt like a shitty human. This bill or whatever it is just makes me wish so hard that my attempt had worked. I regret that I've lived to see this semester of college. It hadn't been worth it. The pain outweighs all else.