Ramblings of a broken 19yoTL;DR: I'm at a point in life where I don't even know what I need to do, how I need to do it. It feels like my entire life is being wasted and I don't have the mental energy to keep going on

So where the fuck do I begin. I got no bloody idea. Lets just go trough the timeline I guess

I was born in Canada, in a poor family, with a( at the time) violent, depressed father and a bordeline mother. Along the childhood we  moved.... I honestly lost track how many time honestly.... from Montreal, Laval, Ottawa, Gatineau.... Basically destroying any chance of truly understanding how to form a proper social network and how to socialize because I just kept moving so fucking much it was basically pointless to try since you'd lose contact right after... I digress. Point being we moved a lot.

Most of my social interactions that I did manage to get were stale and bland, mixed with a sprinkle of absolute psychotic. Most happening in school, because fuck me if anyone ever invited me to anything ever after school, People usually had one of the two thoughts about me: "He's weird asf" or "He's annoying asf" pick and choose. So obviously I spend most of my elementary, middle and high school doing pretty much the same shit alone. Alone being the key part. I've done a lot of personality test and introversion tests and its clear that, although being ambivert, I'm extroverted dominant. Reason I say this is sometime I need social interaction. I got everything I could of wanted, except that. In the end I'm starting to think people will all succeed because of just that: they got friend henceforth they got potential life opportunities. I got none of that. Now I know I've been rambling pretty much this entire time but I had to ramble somewhere and this subreddit seemed a decent candidate. But then again I doubt myself so fucking much all the time because intelligence is the only mildly attractive quality I may posses. So of course when my intellect is challenge I start dying inside because my validation that I'm a human piece of garbage with no assets to call his own. 

I'm poor, weird, ostracized to absolute shit, have depression, Asperger syndrome, Atrial septum defect, low blood pressure, Probably malnutrition because, again, were poor.

I'm not even sure how to turn my life around if it's even possible. I'm to tired to search, yet I don't wanna die. I just wanna cease existing, if that makes sense. I want people to forget I ever existed so I can just disapeared.

And If anyone blames my behavior on my depression, don't; I know. Thing is, its not as simple as going to a clinic where I live; I've been waiting for years in a stupid waiting list and I still only got a psychologist who can at most prescribe me stupid fucking ssris that dont work, I was on Prozac when I was a kid and I didn't work back, now they put me on sertraline (zoloft) and I guess that didn't do its job either

So yeah. Im done, im going to bed. I hope I don't wake up.


PS: This was originally going to be posted on /r/offmychest but when I realized I couldn't even do that, this subreddit seemed to fit the bill.

"This is the place to unload that baggage that's been weighing you down for days, weeks, months, or years." 
 offmychest

Unless you're me. If you're me you can fuck off mate.