Only days away now.Quick summary:

(Obviously a throwaway) I'm 20, 3rd year of college coming up, I used to cut quite a bit, even held a loaded gun to my head before, been engaged and broke it off. Started dating a girl 5 months ago and she has been the best girl I've ever been with and now I've fucked everything up. I hate who I am and I've always known I would one day kill myself so why bother prolonging it anymore?

I started talking to her just so I can get laid. Douche bag thing to do, I know. I regret my reasoning, but I don't regret talking to her. She's made me happier than anyone else and I couldn't believe what a girl I had found. But for some reason, I knew I'd fuck it up. It's what I do best. I know this is not as bad as some other's situations, but this is my weak point. Nothing else in my life, death of friends &amp; family, having been molested, never knowing who my father was until I was 16, etc., nothing else could hurt me like this does.

Well, I told her why I started talking to her after about a month of dating and she has felt that I have only stayed with her for sex since then. I tell her I love her everyday (I really, really do) and I try my best to prove her that it's not why. Lately, I had been a little overprotective. I got mad over stupid things almost daily and was just not feeling quite right, like I needed space, but I was in denial about it and didn't give myself that. 4 days ago I got crazy mad she got off of work for the night and didn't tell me. (She couldn't since she was at youth group) She had left there with some friends and pulled up where I was getting ice cream for my brother's birthday and was excited to see me. I went home and said stupid things of how I don't matter and how I was nothing to her. And, started drinking.

She came over to talk about it but asince i was drunk it only made things worse and I ended up saying I was going to cut my wrists. I went inside, realized what I said, and went back outside but she was gone. I ran to her house barefoot for 2 miles. I got there and tried to talk to her but she said we needed a break.

Now here I am. Last night I talked to her best friend (my ex is ignoring me) and she says that she probably isn't going to come back. My chest just was crushed. I haven't eaten since Thursday (excluding the meal my friend just forced me to eat) and I can't sleep, and if I do there are just nightmares. I almost did it last night, why, I don't know but I decided that each day I would write a farewell letter to someone close. If I ran out of letters before she contacts me... That's it. I'm going to cut my wrists in our shower (to avoid a mess) and leave the notes outside the door, telling my parents not to open the door so they don't have to see what's on the other side. If I could take back what I've done, I would. I haven't cut, in hopes that she'll come back, but there's only so much I can do. 

Thank you for reading this. I'll try to reply to whomever speaks until the time comes. I'd rather not waste people's time though.