Want do it but not want to. !vent post?State of agony. And living at this point or line is just overwhelming. I might be sent to the hospital on Monday, because really everything has been done but nothing has helped. I know, that i am responsible. But why would somebody want to fuck up their good life, act and do everything to just drag it down more and more. If i would be put into a hospital and if i got out from there, i would still want to die, due the reason that it's a shame, mental hospital, like what's up with you. Because of my reputation and who i have become when depression hit me. There is just no escaping it. God i'm so behind in life already. If i had a gun, i'd probably sit for hours and thinking if it is the right play or not. But i don't have one. And it would be pretty hard i guess to be able to get hold of some wishmakers. I have felt pyhsical pain, hard one's before in my life, but really going for hanging is probably veeery painful. 

Wish there was an easy way out, but there never is, is it. But the fact of the matter is that there is no escaping yourself. Unless i travel far far away and just escape, leave my old identity and everything behind me. I am constantly thinking about death and my state of mind, my brain, the way i think, it has become very ill and sick. And oh there's too much more to that than just a couple of these lines over here. 

The reason of this post? I don't know, if i could tell 3 months ago old me, that think of what all might go south, when you keep acting like this and believing that everything is fucked, the life is over, when back then it actually wasn't and i was the happiest man on this planet. It's strange how things can change so fast. You've built your reputation up all your life and then suddenly boom step by step, isolation and all that comes with MDD (not an official diagnosis), it really managed to get hold of me and take me. Before i turned my computer on i felt such anger and i was like the  guy in LOTR who wants the ring, the monster guy (EDIT Gollum- My Sincere Condolences in front of all LOTR fans and people). Now i got some lines out of me, in addidtion pills to sleep for an even bit. 

**I regret that i have chosen this path of destruction, letting go of the best days of my life, life is too short to just throw it away, but when you have just given up and everything seems and is at this point just unbearable, and now i will never reach out to that level as all of my other friends will and so on and so forth.**