Today , I will be free of the pain that has gripped me for so long!I am 22 years old M from India.  This is probably gonna be. a long one. I am thinking of killing myself tonight.

I am an introvert. When I was 15 , my father was diagnosed with psychosis disorder. He lost his job because of it. I am struggling since then. Everyone was like, it's gonna be alright! Give it some time. But it's worse right now. I have been struggling from anxiety since then. I didn't have anyone to go and talk to about this. Every friend (so-called) I told , would hear it like a story , feel sorry for me for sometime and that's it. All I wanted was a little support . Was that too much too ask for?

I wanted to talk to somebody about what I was going through but the only person I could talk to was my mom and she was already going through a lot at that time. All our relatives blamed her for Dad's condition . It was all dad's fault though , excessive meditation and going to one of those 'spirtual' institutes' offering a life in the 'Golden Age.' He used to meditate for upto 20 hrs a day, some days before he snapped. He went to work but all he did was sit and do nothing. This happened when I was in 10th grade.

I kept all this shit inside me because I did not want anyone judging me. I tried to show the people around me that I had everything under control. I had developed anxiety now and also an addiction to games because all this seemed too much to me. The stress also caused me to have migraines all through my 12th grade. I would come home from college sleep because of my headache, 
Wake up , play games , that's it.

I scored 89 percent in 10th grade but it felt like I was going to fail 12th. But I did push through and got 60 percent. Now , again everyone was happy. But only I knew what I had to go through. 

I went to college for my bachelors. Things spiralled out of control. I used to play games all day , also when I was supposed to be studying. I started feeling numb and most of the time kept to myself. I also started watching TV shows at this time. I only studied the night before the exam and passed somehow. 

Most of the times , I spent the night in panic mode, trying to study as much of the syllabus as I could. I remember, I also hallucinated once and had no idea what was going on. I did not tell this to anyone. I pulled through my bachelors too .

I got a job from my college placements and went away from home. My condition worsened. Once , I confessed all of this to my mom hoping she would understand and help get through and get me some medical help. But she told me that this is a natural reaction what I went through and just told me to stay strong. I even told her that I was suicidal and couldn't hold on anymore. She told me that these thoughts will pass.

All these years , I managed to live with the hope that , there would be brighter days ahead and waited 7 years for them to come. I would write my thoughts in poem or something so I could feel better.

Until today , I have struggled everyday to stay alive and not give up. I always found solace in writing when I felt like this. But today, no amount of writing could save me ,it seems.

This is one of the few . I wrote in an attempt to ease my pain .

I saw your name flashing on my phone
You were calling me , wasn't in the zone
Was six feet under in the black of my mind
Fighting the devil , trying to leave it behind

Had a feeling that it was gonna be a long one
Two hours of fighting myself was a constant
Reminder of how much  conflict I'm in
And it's getting harder every time that I win

'I win' simply means I don't die 
But this whole exercise kills me from inside
The struggle lasts for two or three days
When I clear my mind and contemplate

The energy it takes , as I hope for a minute,
I've already lost ,just scared to admit it
After all this drama, I come to my senses
As I rub my eyes and pick up my lenses

I look around in the aftermath, 
Picked up my phone to call you back
Just hoping that you wouldn't ask
And I'd not lie , neither wear the mask


I'm so frustrated but hold myself back
Lost sense of time and lost my track
Always had a plan to keep moving forward
But these voices make me act as a coward..



Thank you for reading and wish me luck!