Trying move past prior incidents of self-harm and mitigate recurring suicidal thoughts.I suppose my main motivation for writing this is to give myself some accountability in all this. It’s becoming increasingly apparent that I might need to seek help, but I still can’t find the proper outlet to do so. 

I’m 27-years-old and living abroad. I have a steady job and am generally a responsible person when it comes to fulfilling work commitments and so on. But I would say that perhaps I’ve been dealing with some form of long-term “functional” depression (that is only a self-diagnosis, not a professional assessment).

A little over a year ago, I tripped on acid and ended up swallowing 100+ tablets of aspirin. I called a friend who stayed with me overnight, but I refused to get medical help. (At the time, I was afraid of potential legal implications for using an illegal substance in my country of residence—I later found out there would’ve been no penalty.) 
Looking back on it now, I’m not sure I would call it a “suicide attempt”; It was the acid that gave me the “nerve” to do something like that. Prior to that, while I had experienced suicidal thoughts during bouts of depression, I had never acted on anything. Still, the knowledge hat those feelings, and the intent was probably already there, frightens me even now. 

I thought I was moving past last year’s incident to some degree, but about two weeks ago, I found myself going through another rather sudden wave of depression, during which time I got incredibly drunk and then proceeded to burn my arm repeatedly on the side of the oven door. (I don’t have a history of self-harm; this was an isolated, albeit frightening incident). I also fantasized about throwing myself over the balcony. I called a friend again, who managed to talk me down. 

Since then, I have been trying to stay away from any kind of substance, as I fear that that is what is giving me the “courage” (if one can call it that) to hurt myself. I do not have any kind of addiction, but when I am feeling a heightened sense of depression, I am more prone to consuming something. Even when I get adequate sleep, stay away from negative influences, and try to make self-care a priority, the suicidal thoughts are still there. As of late, they’ve been at the forefront of my mind. I am afraid that eventually, I will do something to seriously hurt myself. Most of the time, I am very rational and reasonable, but sometimes, I feel that I cannot handle the “emotional vortex” I find myself engulfed in.

I think I am trying to cope with underlying and unresolved issues regarding childhood sexual abuse, a more recent sexual assault, confusion about my own sexuality, as well as my inevitable return to my home country in a few months’ time, in which I will be facing joblessness  and will likely be moving back in with my parents—probably a combination of those factors.

I tried mentioning what I’m going through to a close friend but did not get the response I was hoping for. There is another person close to me who is familiar with the situation, but they have since moved back home, and I no longer feel I can communicate with them, because of my complicated, unrequited feelings for them.

Mental health professionals do exist in this country, but most of them are non-English-speaking and are apt to describe anti-depressants as a blanket treatment for any kind of mental health ailment. 

Most of the time, I can’t help feeling like such a sappy, bratty, ungrateful first-world Generation Y idealist for being this old and still not having my shit together. I get angry with myself for not being able to just suck it up and deal with life’s curveballs like an adult. 

Good god, the MS Word document I’m typing in has exceeded a page. I don’t expect anyone to read all this. I just wanted to put this out there and maybe sort out some of my own thoughts. I don’t even know where to begin with all this. 

TL;DR: I have a few prior incidents of self-harm which were spurred by suicidal thoughts and being under the influence of alcohol/drugs. Even when I abstain from substances, I experience suicidal tendencies, stemming from underlying issues, and do not know how to begin to deal with them. 
