Sick of my paraphilia~~I'm going to keep this short because typing it makes me feel like shit.~~ I lied

I have a paraphilia that I've been dealing with since I was 11. It began when I started getting into porn. I didn't know which porn sites were sketchy or not. In fact I barely even knew about sex (I wasn't even completely sure how it worked until i came across porn). One day I ended up on one of those sketchier sites. I remember looking at normal videos and in one of the video's recommended section there was a video with a man having sex with a dog. I didn't think it could possibly be real, I didn't know that happened. I clicked it I was immediately repulsed and stopped the video but i realized that i was aroused by it (I was aroused by everything at that time in my life to be fair). Without really thinking I started the video up again. I finished off and felt so ashamed of myself afterwards. Then some other day I did it again, I watched another bestiality video(along with normal videos). This kept repeating and i'd feel less and less ashamed of myself each time. Eventually I started repeatedly acting on it with my dog. I didn't penetrate him but the last time I did it to him was when I ejaculated on him. After that I was just overwhelmed with guilt/shame. I wanted to kill myself. So at that point I swore that I wouldn't do it again, I wouldn't even look at the videos. That lasted for about 5 years.

So when it starts up again I'm about 15/16 and I like to play with our cat(our dog had died). It would turn me on and I'd always just tell myself "Well that only happened because my clothes are brushing up against me." I would stop playing, and leave until i calmed back down. Throughout highschool I never felt attracted to anyone. I felt weird and just thought that maybe I haven't met the right girl. I entertained the idea that I could be gay and that fell flat at the time. I kept playing with our cat and eventually walking away when I got aroused turned into me staying and just not playing. Then that turned into me continuing to play. And then I didn't just play, I started humping the cat. It didn't happen a lot but it happened. This is about when I started to regularly think about suicide.

I stopped for like 1.5/2 years and in that time we had gotten a dog. The same thing that happened with the cat happened with the dog. In time I started to get into the porn again. I went deeper this time. I was on bestiality forums looking through porn. The shame was getting to me really badly. I had looked for support forums for people like me online but there were none. There was PsychForums but that had been locked. I wanted help but I couldn't tell anyone irl and there simply was no help online. So I stuck to the forums with porn and other zoophiles. Being in the forums made me feel more normal. Everyone had my same problem and there it wasn't even a problem. They normalized it. Off of the forums I felt isolated. That's when I went further with my dog and partially penetrated her. I felt horrible but I would rationalize it with what people said on the forums. I (like them) was convinced that it could be consensual and moral and that people only had a problem with it because it was gross. I would constantly have to convince myself that I wasn't doing anything wrong. It was exhausting and I got more and more depressed. I ended up seeing a therapist through highshool. I never told him about my zoophilia but we talked about my depression and suicidal thoughts. That helped me out a bit. 

When I went to university it was the same as highschool. I wasn't interested in anyone and I was still viewing bestiality porn. I had tried to kill myself multiple times with different strangulation methods. None of them worked. The most that happened was my vision went black and my hearing went out(My house isn't really made for it). I also bruised my neck really badly and had to lie about it. I really did try to end it. I have a really strong neck, so I guess that could be why it never worked. Anyway after my last attempt to kill myself at 19, I just felt hopeless. I stopped watching the porn and didn't act out on it. I don't exactly remember the chain of events but i ended up reading about how others like me are usually also interested in people and some therapists try to use that to steer them away from their paraphilia. So i started to explore my sexuality. I wasn't interested in women at all but eventually while just looking around through gay men's profiles in my area I found one person in particular that just seemed to trigger something in me. I guess he was just my type and after feeling attracted to him I started to see how attractive other men, who had previously gone unnoticed by me, were. It's like it was buried in me and I never knew it. My emotions have always been a bit dull and washed out. I never knew what this felt like. It was so euphoric to realize that there was hope for me and that I could get past my paraphilia. It immediately felt like my zoophilia was dwarfed by my attraction to men. Like my attraction to men that only really made itself known recently, was more prevalent than the paraphilia that had always been here and always been very strong. It's so bizarre to say because I dont even completely understand it myself. I even looked online for an explanation for that. I couldn't find one. I started to feel more confident in myself and began to feel my emotions more strongly. I really started to open up to people more and I got better at making and keeping friends. I started exercising and pursuing my hobbies and interests. Recently though I've screwed up.

When 8chan was in the news I started to think about my paraphilia again. This is because one of the forums were on 8chan. I eventually went back on and just looked around a bit. Then I went back and masturbated to it but would finish by watching something normal(normal gay porn). Then as the pattern goes I went further and I masturbated to it completely. After that I started to get the old feelings about my dog again. I partially penetrated her again and here I am. I'm just tired of feeling like monster and being so disappointed in myself. I swear I'm not doing it again. I have another option. I didn't even feel my paraphilia for so long until i went back to the forum. If I just stay away I know I won't feel it again. This is the first time I've failed when I had another option and its going to be the last time. I fuckin swear if I even look at a bestiality video again i'm going to kill myself. I don;t care how anyone will feel about my death anymore. If that's who i'm going to be i NEED to end it. No matter what it takes i'm not living like this. I'll do anything before I do this again. I won't look at any videos anymore no matter how curious I get. I won't hurt any more animals. I just won't let it happen anymore. Especially not after I knew how good it felt without these feelings. I know I can be a good person. Most people say I am. Of course they don;t know about anything I've typed here but there has to be good in me. I just need to cut this paraphilic part of me out. I just want ti put it behind me.

I don't know what I expect by posting this here. I know I'm disgusting and you probably wish i had succeeded in killing myself. It's ok to hate me. I know you don't need approval for that but i thought i'd say it anyway. I'm tired and i'm not going to proofread this. I barely even tried to make it nice. I just typed straight from my head. I just needed to get it out. I'll be surprised if anyone actually reads this mess.