Some weird sign or just my own stupidity?So on Friday I tried to kill myself. I'm 29. 

I came back from a 3 week stay with some tribes in Central America in March. Just as the world was closing down. I've always had trouble with reality, drug use, depression, social problems and addiction to pornography.  After I came back I seemed to have developed a new way of seeing my memories and I started noticing all these details that made me feel awful.

I had seperated part of my mind away from the rest of it, like a coward, in order to protect myself from the pain of reality. Now I was suddenly aware of all the moments, big and small, in my life where I had used that to the detriment of others in a cowardly and selfish way to avoid the reality of what was happening.

In addition to this I had recently discovered something had happened to my older sister when I was a teenager, that no one had ever told me about. She was raped by a group of men in my hometown. She became addicted to crack and developed psychosis and schizophrenia. Now because I didn't know what caused her to become non functional in society (she exists purely on benefits) I had put it down to her treatment and medication. Which appeared to me to have turned her into a shell of a person. Because of this, I had never sought help for my own problem and tried to rationalise them and avoid them. Over 10 or so years of abuse of various drugs I finally decided to go clean and sober. This is where I think I lost it.

I lost all the joy in everything and started eating only one small meal a day. I made preperations for my suicide. I moved my savings to the joint accou t I share with my girlfriend. I wrote my notes and I researched how I was going to die.

I decided to go to my favourite place nearby where the poison hemlock grows. To collect a mug full of their seeds and eat them all at once. From what I could gather from the sources, these were more toxic than the leaves and would lead to a not so painful death from respiratory failure. A gradual decrease in oxygen levels due to paralysis of the diaphragm.

So I finished work and went down the the field where they grow. I collected the cup of seeds and spent an hour arguing with the voice in my head and psyching myself up to do it.

Just before I did, I asked the universe "if you don't want me to die, give me a sign" and then I ate them. I sat down for 15 minutes and started feeling a bit strange, like I'd smoked a few too maylny cigarettes. It was at this point I got scared and called for help. Because I wasn't urgent and it was a busy day, they said it could take up to 120 minutes. I took this as the sign that I've done this to myself and that was the sign that I should die. So I hung up and waited.

During this time, which was about 90 minutes I pondered everything. It felt like an eternity. My feet, hands and mouth started to feel numb and tingly and I accepted that death was coming. I was scared.
At about the 90 minute mark the feeling started wearing off and I actually started to feel completely fine.

I called off the ambulance as I didn't feel in danger, but a psychiatrist called me to have a long discussion about what's going on and still offered to send an ambulance. I told her that it should have killed me by now and there was obviously something I hadn't thought of. The plants were drying out in the heat and dropping their seeds, so maybe this changed how much coniine (the toxin) was in them at the time. I'm not really sure, I felt stupid but I also felt relieved. The lady was really set on sending me an ambulance, but I said it was better for someone who actually needs it and I'd rather not have the stress of going to hospital. Later on I told m girlfriend what had happened over the space of four hours and then later on a policeman came to my house to check I was ok. 

I think this is the start of my journey to get the help I need. I guess my message is, don't let yourself get to the point I did. Don't hold it all inside. Tell the people around you what's going on. 

It feels like some miracle happened that day, but it's probably explainable rationally. I took it as a sign that I needed to live. So that's what I'm going to do.