Falling apart, I feel like at this point, for me, it's euthanasiathrowaway, I've never posted here before. I read the rules though.   
I hope this doesn't get seen as a praising suicide post. This is about me and my medical problems.   
So I was thinking about how we put down animals as it is the humane thing to do when suffering. As I understand it, euthanasia is seen as an absolute last resort for someone when other medical treatment fails them. I've seen the argument that euthanasia for depression is wrong because there are many other ways to treat it.  


My problem is that all the treatments have failed me. I've seen a psychologist weekly for the last 7 years. I have a psychiatrist, and I've tried literally every available medication. They've done all the DNA tests that are supposed to help find what meds are more compatible, and I have traveled out of state to specialists. It's treatment resistant. My meds stop working after 6 months basically. And it seems like with everything I try, it helps for a little bit, but just stops, and the period of time that it helps feels increasingly shorter. I have done TMS treatment, but it didn't help at all. They want me to do ECT, but I know people who had horrible times with it, who suffered permanent memory loss or other cognitive functions. If I did that, there's a chance I would lose what makes me myself.  


I don't know what to do though. Like I have severe depression, horrible OCD, crippling anxiety and agorophobia that doesn't let me leave my house (treatments for that have failed as well) autisim, and a physical disability that doesn't let me move my hands the way I want. I am living off of government disability money. I am 21 and living with my mom, stepdad, and stepsiblings. Honestly it's miserable being around the family members who are not my mom, they're just mean. But I feel like a burden. And I don't really have a future. I can't go to college and I can't function enough to have a job. I will never be independent. I will be relying on my mom for the rest of my life. Of course me killing myself would destroy her. The one thing I have going for me is that she loves me. She takes care of me, brings me to all of my appointments, manages my medications and finances, and basically without her I wouldn't be here typing any of this. I am incapable of feeling nonplatonic feelings, and I don't have the emotionally capacity or energy for any kind of romantic relationship, so she's really all I will ever have.  


But my life is still miserable. I'm so lonely, but I'm so socially awkward and have severe panic attacks, and my depression doesn't give me much mental energy for communicating. The best part of my day is when I'm asleep. My dreams sometimes are mundane, sometimes they're fantasies, and sometimes they are nightmares. But I would prefer nightmares that let me forget about this shitty life than anything more realistic. I constantly feel like crying, but tears don't form for me when I am sad. Nothing is enjoyable. I can't concentrate on anything. I haven't felt even slightly happy in years. It's not a rollercoaster, it's just a deep pit. Every day I think about ending it. Sometimes it feels like my body is craving self harm. I don't do it because I don't want to get caught, but I constantly have intrusive thoughts about wanting to cut my wrists.   


My therapist knows I am depressed, but I can't talk to her about self harm or suicide. I'm too scared of being committed. I was in a psychiatric hospital before as a teenager, and they mistreated and abused me. It caused me to not trust people for a long time. Every time I ever tried to talk about it or go into detail, I started shaking and crying involuntarily. I have so much trauma from it, and I would rather die than risk being sent to one again.   
I just crave some kind of release. What I am doing really isn't living. I am only alive because it would destroy my mother if I died. She would never be the same. That's really my only reason for living, to make my mom not devastated.  But with no treatment that works, and not being able to function enough to have any kind of future, is this even living?   


I have tried every avenue of treatment and therapy available, and it just doesn't work. I don't function to the point where some days I cant even get out of bed. I fantasize about somehow getting drugs and killing myself through an OD, because I think that would not devastate my mom as much as a straight up suicide. I'm not gonna do it though. I can't. I wish we lived in a world more understanding. Where they would think of me being completely treatment resistant similarly to someone with a physical ailment that isn't curable and causes them pain too. I feel guilty, but I often wish I had cancer or something else that would let me die in a way that would be easier for my mother to accept.   


I don't know, I just had to type this and put it somewhere. I need some kind of help, encouragement or just that someone read and listened to my thoughts.   


The way things are going, I think I'm just going to continue this existence of barely functioning to not hurt my mom. But I feel so close to the edge sometimes, and I worry that something could come up and push me off, metaphorically. I dont know if im allowed to ask for specific advice, but I really would like to be able to get a handle on these intrusive thoughts, espeically the ones where I crave self harm to my body. I wish I could trust a psychologist without having to fear being put into a mental hospital again. I wish I could function like a normal human being. I wish I could get out of bed every day. But wishing isn't going to make me feel any better. Well, that's it for now. I'm guessing this won't be the last time I post to somewhere like this, but it made me feel slightly better typing it out. Well maybe not better. More sad, but at the same time, at least it's a feeling other than just numbness.