I'm so tiredBy rights I should be doing great right? I have a family that cares about me, a Girlfriend that loves me, enough money to go to college and not even have to work a job. I'm tall, fairly athletic, people tell me I'm funny and good looking and intelligent. But I'm just not feeling it anymore. I decided to go to university two states away for what I thought would be a nice change of pace. I wouldn't even be all that alone because my older brother is down here already and hey, I shouldn't have all that much trouble making friends right? But I've ended up all alone. My wonderful girlfriend is two states away as are all of my friends. My relationship with my parents has been tense lately due to various reasons and it doesn't appear to be improving. I'm a decent student but I'm failing 3 out of 4 of my classes pretty much beyond repair, which means i'll only have a single class to show for half a year of my life and a ton of money. It's not even that the workload is overwhelming or the tests are too hard, I just don't have any motivation to succeed. I have anxiety and depression and I'm on my meds. I don't enjoy any of the things I used to do for fun. I've tried going to all my hobbies but all of them come up empty. I have attempted to start new hobbies but I find no interest in them. I have made no friends here in the first semester, most of my classes are lectures and so i don't meet anyone from there and my roommate and the guys on my floor aren't the answer. They're nice guys and all but they aren't very good or intelligent people and all they really do is talk about girls and do drugs. Not that I can judge on the drugs front, I'm currently taking or drinking every substance I can get my hands on because the only time I really enjoy out of the week is when I'm not sober. So yeah, I've failed most of my college classes and my parents aren't happy about it. I don't enjoy anything anymore. Overall I just can't bring myself to care, I know a lot of my problems in life are solvable if I just put in effort, but to what end? I've been wrestling with the idea of killing myself for the past month or two and it only seems more appealing as time goes on. They say wait three days or a week before trying to kill yourself and its been a month. I might actually do it.