No one ever fucking caresI have spent my whole life being that nice, quiet, good listener because I just believe those are some of the best qualities to have in a person. But I have had it up to here and I need someone to actually listen to ME for once in my life. 

Let me start by saying this: I know there is a higher being above me who is the cause of all my misfortune. He/she/it decided that my life should just be shitty but not shitty enough for anyone to care about, right? Why the fuck did it have to be me?

And why should I get to be angry? I'm only 16, right? I don't even fucking KNOW how bad life can be. I get it. That doesn't mean all my problems should magically go away just because I'm not middle aged with bills or a stressful job or a midlife crisis. 

No one gives a shit about me. They just pretend to. Every time I complain about my problems or try to vent, no one cares. They just worry about themselves.  I don't get it. I genuinely care about a lot of people and it fucking hurts when they don't feel the same. Sure, I have friends, but they can't help or understand how I feel.. and I know that sounds so cheesy and cliche but I don't care because it is the most accurate way to describe it.

My self esteem never fucking took off like I thought it would when I became a teenager.  Thought I would be living it up.. having tons of friends and going to dances with guys.. boy was I wrong. No one wants to make new friends when they already have their designated group. Sure, I love my friends, but the clique situation at my school is ridiculous. I can't meet anyone new because I'm not popular. I believe I am pretty sometimes but then I realize no guy likes me and obviously there is SOMETHING wrong with me. 

Approximately one guy has ever had a crush on me and he was creepy as hell not to mention never fucking TRIED TO TALK TO ME. I don't get it. The one thing that brings my self confidence up is when I think a guy likes me. every time I delude myself into thinking someone likes me.. I almost have a shred of self confidence for a few seconds.. jokes on me right.. I should know better than that by now.. 

The saddest thing is that I have tried. I push myself too hard and I care too much. I pushed myself to get a part time job.. I pushed myself to get all A's.. and I feel like I'm at the breaking point. I try to be open and friendly but no one reciprocates. I feel like I'm here solely for others. 

None of it matters. It doesn't mean shit if I can't be a fucking SOCIAL BUTTERFLY and not be afraid of rejection. 

Sure, I'll get a good job and get a good salary and what not, but I'll never be truly happy. I have this illusion of being happy, and that's having a boyfriend.. DO NOT TELL ME HOW SHALLOW/CHILDISH/IMMATURE THAT SOUNDS. YOU THINK I DON'T FUCKING KNOW THIS? It's sad, sure. But the feeling of being loved more than a friend, being thought of romantically, that's all I really want... I don't want a hobby. I have those. I don't need to focus on school. I have spent my whole school career pushing myself to get straight A's. Focusing on school will not solve my problems. I just want to feel like someone cares about me. 

I KNOW what you're thinking: "People on this subreddit have real problems and you are a stupid teenager just complaining about lack of love life. Grow up." This is what bothers me. Everyone just waves my problems off like they don't matter. No one cares what a stupid teenager has to say. My "lack of love" has depleted all my self-esteem and made me suicidal.

I have contemplated suicide on and off since I was about 11. Being bullied and whatnot hasn't helped my self confidence either. Sometimes it gets really bad, like right now, and I feel like drowning. I actually took a bath today and held my breath for as long as I could, just to see if I could do it. But for some reason, I don't have the lady-balls to do it. I feel like there has to be SOMETHING or SOMEONE for me out there. But right now, I don't care much for living through the "best years of my life". 

**P.S. Whoever took the time to read this, just know that I love you..**