I am scared of everythingI'm a 16 year old girl, I have a really small body, and I am really weak, to add onto it I have depression (really bad depression), really bad anxiety, and I am almost constantly suicidal. 

I made an account to post this, because nothing else is helping me...so I am going to be honest about everything, because I am scared if this keeps up, Ill hurt myself again...

When I was 13 I was assaulted on the bus ride home. A boy (I am going to guess he was 17) forcefully put his finger in my as\*, everybody just sat there and watched it happen. The best help I got was "Hey!", hell because no one helped me I never told my parents, I was scared they would yell at me...

Then when I was 14 I was raped, but I havent told anyone...other than you guys, my boyfriend, and my boyfriends brother. Although like everyone on the bus...it sounded like my boyfriends brother didnt trust me, he even told my boyfriend to not trust me.

When my ex-boyfriend left me back in 2017, I fell apart. I relied on the boy to keep me happy, he verbally abused me, and insulted me in every way possible. Then I relied on my friend, she was also depressed, but we helped eachother, or at least I thought...she ended up never coming back online, and to this day all I know is that she was in the hospital. I still message her, hoping she'll come back. I cant accept that I lost her, it hurts everyday to think about it.

My new boyfriend used to help...but like everyone else he cant deal with my panic attacks anymore, and just yells at me when I have one, or calls me selfish when I am suicidal...He gets mad at me when I start breathing rapidly, even if I try to hide it...Its always my fault...he even said its my fault I am like this.

His brother thinks I am stupid for feeling this way, and he doesnt believe that my boyfriends yells at me like that...he even calls me feeling suicidal. I am to scared to speak up, and say something to someone, I am honestly scared that If I do, I will get raped by my boyfriend, his brother, my brothers, or just...anyone. 

I am scared he will hit me, or call me stupid. He even says hes tired of helping me...And now I am just so tired, I am so scared of everything that I just want to sleep my life away...I dont want to wake up anymore, and waking up is one of the worst feelings.

Please someone, I dont want to be this scared anymore, I dont want to hurt myself again.