Feel like just hanging myself (18/M)It all started a few days ago, I was roaming the Kik sub reddit and joined a group on Kik. I added this girl from the group and she seemed cute but young (like 15) although after talking to her she mentioned having sex and drinking so I stupidly presumed she was over 18 (I'm 18). So after a while she started dirty talking and we dirty talked but after Doing so she vanished and I'm paranoid that she might be younger than I thought and feel stupid for not asking her age. Now I'm in no way attracted to kids and find it disgusting but I've been having extreme paranoia suddenly about being a paedophile (even though I'm in no way attracted to kids). Back when I was 15 I did date a girl who was 12-13 and as I've been socially isolated my mind wanders and I do random shit on the Internet. Once when I was 16 I did a social experiment and pretended to be 22 whilst talking to a 15 year old girl and was turned on by how slutty she was so asked her what the youngest age she would fuck is and she said she had no limit which in a weird way turned me on. (Her sluttiness) not the fact that she said she'd fuck someone who's 11 or over. Now I'm only attracted to girls my age and watch normal porn and have only ever dated girls my age and think paedophiles acting their fantasies upon kids is puke worthy. Is there something wrong with me? This recent mistake I've made has made me analyse my entire life and the stupid mistakes I've made out of severe isolation even though nothing serious has been done. How do I get over my guilt over the past, the stupid social experiment I did, and my fears of become a paedophile in the future? And what if that girl was lying and was like 13 or younger. I'm worried sick and feel even more suicidal than normal. Sorry for any typos, typed this in a rush on my phone. I've also only ever dated girls my age, watch normal porn and fantasise in a healthy manner but slipped up and had that weird conversation with that girl from 2 years ago and now this. I also once talked to a sociopathic girl who hunted animals and was turned on by how cruel she was even though I fucking love animals and have a dog. Am I a sexual freak? Has isolation destroyed me? All these incidences were very out of the ordinary for me and have only happened a few times but I now feel so much guilt to the point where I want to hang myself. I think watching porn from a young age (9-10) has really fucked with me and after being bullied and spending 4 years in just about complete isolation porn addiction (normal porn) really fucked with my mind.
Another confession: At 17 I made a catfish profile to check if my girlfriend was cheating on me and she was. I became addicted to creating fake profiles as I was getting a lot of sexual attention from women. Again nothing extremely weird was done, just talked dirty to girls 15-23 in this time period and no one younger, at most maybe a 14 year old girl who might have lied about her age.

I've known lots of guys do stuff like this and not feel any guilt or give a shit but it's been eating away at me all of a sudden. If I was to talk to a therapist would it be okay? or would they go apeshit and register me as a sex offender or something. Again I didn't know that at 18 talking to dirty to a 15 y/o was a crime because I've known lots of guys to date younger girls but I can't get over what I've done.

Thanks