Too pussy to end it all (rant)I'm at a really low point. Pushed away most of my close friends, got kicked out of my band that was basically everything to me, embarrassed and alienated myself from the local music scene that I used to be a part of and was the only thing that made me happy, I'm terrible with money, can't seem to make any of my relationships last, started cutting again...

I was doing a lot better working on a solo project and getting my feelings out in a healthier way, but something set me off recently where someone I consider a casual friend (I used to talk to and get along well with him when we ran into each other, but never went out of my way to hang out/tall to with him outside of that) told me to stay away from him and his family. I have absolutely no idea what set this off or what I did. The only thought that comes to mind is hooking up with his brother, but that is something we have done plenty of times before and he knows that....??

Most of the things I did to get to this point were done when i was blackout drunk such as hookup with a guy who has a gf and then telling someone who told her about it, being overly touchy with people (NEVER to the point of going too far or doing anything without consent; I just get huggy and don't know boundaries and who isn't comfortable with this), and just being an overall dumb bitch. I'm just creating so much drama and hurt, and, as someone with an incessant need for people to like me, I HATE the idea of anyone hating me.

The only reason I made the effort to get better wasn't even for me; it was to prove to the people I'd hurt that I can do better in hopes that they would forgive me, but I realized those people have been talking about me behind my back and calling me a slut, which hurts because I use sex as a-albiet unheathly-coping mechanism to deal with my insecurities.

I know what I NEED to do is quit drinking and find better coping mechanisms, and I know I can if I try, but I've decided to instead say "fuck it" and just do me and stay away from anyone who I could hurt with my actions. 

I feel like I can't make it right, but I'm always too afraid to finally end my life which seems like the easiest way out. I feel like I'm just going to be miserable forever, only alleviating it every so often with something/someone new and then ruining it somehow and spiraling back down.