Trans. I want to get high tonight and then finally kill myself.I'm a 17 year old trans guy, so transitioning to male. I've always had a lot of issues with friendships, and I've always felt lonely because of it. Even in elementary school, I struggled. I only had 3 years of high school because the summer before my would-be senior year, I graduated early. Any friends I had pretty much vanished at that point. I came out to my parents that summer, and they resent me for it. I started on testosterone about a month ago and that's great, but that only helps with the physical gender-related issues.

I just feel lonely. I don't have friends. And when I say that, I mean no one. I mean, I have a few online friends I talk to sometimes, but that's it. I want to hang out with people. I'd been talking to this really cute, amazing guy for about a month and a half now and I fell really hard. I just get so much hate from my parents and our society in general that when someone showed romantic interest in me I latched on. We hung out once about two weeks ago and it was really, really nice but we haven't hung out since and it seems like he's losing interest in me. He's too nice to say so, but I can tell. I'm really good at reading people. Its my fault, too. I'm obnoxious, and he's gay and I hardly look/sound like a guy. I keep asking him to hang out because I just crave being around someone who doesn't dislike me, and it ruined it.

So now I feel more alone than before, and I feel hopeless. I texted him earlier asking if he wanted to come over and smoke tonight, but he hasn't responded and I'm telling myself he's just sleeping. He works like 4/5 AM - 11/1, so he sleeps during the day a lot. I don't expect him to come, or even reply to the text. But if he doesn't come, I want to kill myself tonight.

Now, obviously I'm not going to tell him that. That'd be manipulative and awful of me. But I need someone with me tonight and I don't have anyone else.

Its not his fault, either. I've felt like this for a long time, but seeing him drift away like that made me realize how shit I am. I don't see how anyone could love, or even like me. I'm trans, I've got a shit personality, I'm bipolar... I just feel hopeless.

So, plan is to get high as fuck tonight with the weed I bought today, and take my stash of pills. I've been saving up leftover SSRIs/SNRIs for about a year now whenever I switched dosages/meds. Parents are out of town until tomorrow so I have plenty of time to die. I just wish I didn't always fuck everything up.

Edit: Changed up my mix. Got a handful of aspirin, handful of benadryl, a good mix of celexa, Zoloft, pristiq, Prozac, hand full of motion sickness medicine and some nyquil. 