My subconscious is my second brain telling me and worthless and just kill myself.Very long story. But I want to make it short. Bullied in highschool. 20 years old. 21 next month. Really don't see a bright future ahead of me. I've tried getting money off Uber but get paid fuck all, 6 dollars per ride and I struggle to go around the city. I get looks from people carrying this big bag and I'm struggling to make ends meet while others look at me like the failure I am. Always judging me. Tried everything to hang out with friends and girls but rejected. Always picturing myself being alone in a shitty neighborhood with a low paying job and jacking off to porn everynight by myself in a dark room. It's exactly where my life is going. My subconcsious has been stopping me to achieve my greatness, my anxiety creeps in a stops me from approaching that girl because I'm SCARED OF WOMAN. I am terrified. I am waste. A poor piece of shit. Nothing. Pathetic. 50 more years and I'm dead. I'm so damn happy about it. Dead, forever, leaving this competitive fucking shit world. Out of all the people and I'm born like this. All the happy people on social media. Doing their dreams everyday. And they say work hard for it. What's the point being rich, what's the point liviing a lavish life. What's the point having a wife or kids or best friends. Memories are nothing. Humans are fucking projections. I see the world like no other. Just a straight up fucking illusion. You die in the end so theres no point being a CEO of a company or being so fucking rich and having eveything in life because death is around the fucking corner.  I have been working my dream for 3 fucking years and no results. People say yeh I'm out of grinding. For fucking what? Is that some fucking secret everyone knows in the world that I don't. I feel like going on a rampage. Nothing. The world is a lie. I'm fucking done with this shit. I'm done with everything. I'm tired of trying to be the best. I'm done with saying look at me look what I got. In the end cars drive past you and they don't give a shit. I could write tonnes more but nothing will ever satisfy me. I plan to say my last prayers and jump off a bridge right down into the traffic below me, splattered, dead, the last thing before I hit the ground will be my life but then on impact I will then hit it and it will be black. Nothingness. Finally peace. Love death! DEATH!