My failed suicide attempt story.      I’m currently a 13-year-old girl from California, and this is my failed suicide attempt story. 

      It all started in fourth grade. I found out that i’ve been suffering from with severe depression, severe anxiety, bipolar disorder, OCD, ADHD, and had severe suicidal thoughts. I never was bullied in school, I was liked by everyone, and I gave no signs of my mental disorders. I don’t really know why or how my mental illnesses started but i think i was overwhelmed by the fact that i didn’t have a best friend to talk to about it but i’ll get into that later. In fourth grade, I hated who i was, what my religion was, what my ethnicity was and that’s something you can’t change, most of my friends were all white and christian, so basically what i called normal. but i’m an asian that’s buddhism, and buddhism isn’t common in the United States so people wouldn’t know what it was so i would have to pretend that i was Christian so people would think that i’m “normal”. Later into the year, all my problems like that calmed down and i wouldn’t have suicidal thoughts for a while.

     Fast forward one year, I’m in fifth grade now. All my problems had cleared up and i was living my best life, i still had not found a best friend yet but i was making more friends and was being more successful in softball. 

     In sixth grade, I was 100% sure that all my problems and mental disorders had gone away because it felt like i was liked by everyone once again, i had a lot of very very good friends who cared about me a lot. I was basically living a good life and didn’t worry about anything 

     Then seventh grade came. That was the grade everything went downhill. The beginning of seventh grade, I had gotten in drama with my very very good friends that i met in sixth grade, they all turned on me and made everyone in the seventh grade hate me. That was when i started thinking about suicide again, I would think about how life would be better if I wasn’t here, so i tried it, i tried to overdose but it failed. That was the first time i ever overdosed and I will never forget that day ( October 27th, 2019 ). The next day i came to school and acted like nothing happened, of course i didn’t tell my friends because they were mad at me, i didn’t even tell my parents because i know they wouldn’t care that much. It was clear i needed help, but i didn’t want help, i didn’t want people to know what i was going through. Around November time, i had met my best friend in the whole world over snapchat. we lived in the same city, we were in the same grade but she went to the same school as my cousin and i went to a different school across the city that we lived in. My suicidal thoughts had gone away after that happened. 

      Seventh grade, March 2020. March was the month everything came back again, it was more serious this time, i really wanted to take my life but there was some things holding me back. My sister was born in March and fuck i wouldn’t want her to grow up without an older sister, my current bestfriend had known about all my suicidal problems and everything that i had gone through and i really didn’t want to leave her here all alone, and sports, I play softball and i was damn sure that i would never want to leave the sport i loved the most. 

      June 2020, my birthday was on June 17th and i knew all my life that i was damn sure i would never make it to 13, but i did, i made it to 13-years-old and i was happy, but nobody understood why because well, my parents and family had no idea about all my suicidal past and what i did. The night of my birthday, I had told my best friend that i was going to take my life. I was done with my life dude, I hated it, I hated it all and just wanted to take my life. When i tried to take my life, I had failed again. Then the next two weeks of june, I had kept trying to take my life over and over again, of course those failed too so i was left with nine failed suicide attempts in June. 

      It’s currently July. This is probably the most horrible time right now for me. I get about six anxiety attacks a day, i get mad and start fights with my friends for no reason,  all i want to do is hurt people, and i have no faith in my future. This month i’ve had two overdoses. One on July 1st and one on July 5th i think. It’s currently July 9th now. After like about 13 overdoses i was damn sure that i would be dead already, but they all had to fail. something or someone is protecting over me. in fourth grade, my great grandma passed away, i never met her in real life before because she lived in a different county but i would call her sometimes and have a conversation with her for two hours or so. And i believe that she is protecting me and watching over me because like what i said earlier, i’m pretty sure that after 13 overdoses you should be dead already. but during this year, i had learned a lot of things that have helped me, and i’m still not getting help, my parents still don’t know about this, but i’ve been overcoming with this all on my own. 


Suicide isn’t the choice. Even if it seems like it’s right it’s really not. A lot of people care about you and if you don’t think that, always remember that people care but some just don’t show it. and the people that seem like they don’t care at all, care the most about you. Please stay alive, stay alive for me, stay alive for your best friend, for your friends, and for your family. 


~ alyssa. july 9th, 2020