Pretty sure my best friend is sleeping with my recent ex-girlfriend who I still care about. Thinking about ending it all.I should probably use a throwaway account, but fuck it, I don't really care anymore.

About a month ago, me and my girlfriend broke up. We had been dating for a year, it had been going really well. The occasional argument, but we showed so much passion and care for each other. We talked about moving in together, moving to a different state with each other.

The break up was over a misunderstanding. I was trying to help her with some self-esteem issues, but she didn't like what I said and broke it off. I tried to explain I only had good intentions but she said she couldn't get back together at the moment. She said she wasn't sure about future opportunities. I understood she was going through a lot (she has a lot of medical problems and has been helping take care of her siblings since their father left), so I tried to just be friends with her.

She's been hanging out with my best friend since we broke up. All three of us had hung out before, that's usually how we spent our time. But I never suspected them of doing anything.

My best friend just broke up with his girlfriend. His girlfriend says he was lying to her consistently. After work, he would go over to my ex's house and smoke with her until 4 or 5 in the morning. This was a regular routine essentially. Me and his girlfriend live in the same town, my ex and my best friend live in a town about 2 hours away.

I hung out with my ex and best friend a few days ago, trying to see if we could all just be friends. At one point, my ex said an inside joke to my best friend. I asked what it meant and she refused to explain, then a few minutes later said she didn't even know what I was talking about. My best friend also said he didn't know. The group got much more silent after that.

Before we broke up, my ex had actually asked me how I felt about polyamory (basically having multiple romantic partners). I said I wasn't sure about it. This makes me think that something was going on between them even while we were dating.

The latest thing is that my ex's mom posted a picture on Facebook. My ex is wearing my best friend's shirt and necklace.

All of these things individually don't seem all that bad. But shit like this keeps coming up. I'm pretty much convinced that my best friend and my ex are fucking each other. Besides these things I have mentioned, they haven't shown any kind of sign that something is happening between them. My best friend had been supportive of me through the break up and my ex had genuinely attempted to be my friend and was also emotionally affected by our break up.

I just don't see any other possibility. I've lost two of my favorite people this week. I didn't just lose them, I feel like they've betrayed me. Like the time that I have invested into my romantic relationship was a fucking waste, a joke. I have so many gifts from her, she has so many gifts from me. We share so many memories with each other. I helped her through her emotional problems, I took her to the hospital when she had appendicitis, I surprised her with visits, I held her, I loved her.

What's the point of it all, if you're just going to get hurt?