I don't even kbow where to turn anymoreI keep trying to die but it never works. I keep trying to live but I'm never quite capable. I'm always dependent on others. I have all these ideals anf goals, and I am incapable of making on pretty much any work space.

Im 24 now. I've been casually depressed since i was 8. More intensely after yhe age of 14 when my best paternal figure died. (Not my dad or even stepdadb but a friend's dad).  I've been in and out of therapy, on dozens of medicinesb I've tried all the lifestyles. But nothing works for me.

I tried thetalt since, only to have them constantly cancel ob me. V7t my last serious attempt at therapy I was 17. He put me on anti depressants despite not believing depression is real because he was worried about me.

Ny dad's response "just kys already, you'll fail anyway, like everything tou do. I want to see tve commitment just do it now"
I was struggling then to finish school. Be a cna and help change lives. I found no one cares and elder abuse is too standard to even take a stabd against even when tbe state inspectors come. I was being isolated from my friends and far away family. I had no idea how to reach even my therapist. That's when my dad turned that on me. I refused to even look at him. He disgusted me.

And 3 days later, Tuesday,  my therapy day. I walked to my appointment, told my therapist I'm done with trying for a healthy relationship wity my dad, and why. My therapist told me he had "valid points" and I should "listen to him more". He's autistic so he doesn't know better. Let alone I'm even more autistic than him (according to the dx tests) and found that entirely inappropriate. I'm the asshole for being so offended by my own parent suicide baiting me in direct response ro a severe depression dx and rx that only worsened my state. 

I dropped out and bately ever spole to him since. Hoping he would at least change a little. But no. My only family with money wants me to die. And my therapist agreed.

I've tried working all types of jobs. Not possible because no drivers license. No recent employment. No anything to show for my wasted life. 

I failed retail because i couldn't just not give toys to poor kids. I failed fast food because no reliable transport for such fucked up unpredictable schedules and also pointing out wage theft, food safety violations, and other illegal employer activitym i failed at factory work because sevevere kidmey infection made me take a couple weeks off. During which I processed my public sexual assaults and tendency to look ay debone knifes and fantasize about what they could do if i used them on ne instead of chickens.

My mom tried to take my student loan money cause she didn't like the political facts i had learned. So i ran to a small town where i grew up. Now I'm trapped. Anyone who knows me hates me. I can't go back to work for anyone i left. My creative works don't sell. No one believes in me. I'll never get recertified as a phlebotomist. Let alone work my way up to endocrinology or genetic engineering.


I'll always fail and no one cares about me. Yet everytime i try to kms I fail and remember my dad predicting as much and my therapist agreeing. I remember my...'idol' dying if cancer and telling me euthanasia is never the answer. I remember being 17 shortly aftwr fleeing my dad, going to my moms house, attempting and getting locked up for a week that I'm still in debt for. 

But above all I know I'm failing everyone. Those who believed in me and otherwise. Idk how to go on living but clearly I'm unable to die on my own.

But I'm tired. I'm sick of suffering. I'm sick of dragging everyone else down too. I just want to die. I need help to actually do it. but I'll never get it. So I'm cursed with this half existence until suicide booths become real or I due naturally from an unhealthy lifestyle+no health insurance. But I wish I could just die quickly abd be dine with it. But every meth