It gets better. This is my story.To everybody who has ever had a suicidal thought. I ask you to read my story. I too contemplated suicide when I was younger. I am still here 8 years later. I hope what I am about to write serves as support for those who need it.

I had just started middle school. I never really had many friends, and I spent most of my time playing video games. I was bullied every single day in middle school. I hated it. I thought of different ways to end my life, but I was always too much of a coward to actually attempt anything. I was hoping that the bullies would just do it for me, and end my life for me. I never felt more useless in my life. The only thing that kept me going was my love for my family and how distraught they would be if I was gone. They were the only ones who had ever loved me. 

Each day it got worse and worse, I was jumped, verbally and physically abused, began to fail my classes, and began to lash out at my parents. I told them I did not want to live anymore if people only viewed me as a target. My mom simply told me one thing: Pretend like nothing happened.

I had no idea what to think of what she said. How could I pretend to hide my pain? But as I soon realized what she meant, the bullying lessened each and every day. Every time I was hit, I didn't say a word. Every time I was picked on verbally, I didn't say a word. I spent my entire seventh grade year without uttering another word. Everybody thought I was a freak. Nobody bothered to mess with me anymore because I no longer showed any reactions to the pain. 

8th grade came along, and I met a group of friends that I began to play football with. They, too, picked on me, but again I never said a word, talking to only parents upon arrival home. I became part of their group, and it was the most fun I've ever had; playing football on the grassy field, not saying a word to anybody. I knew I was an outcast. But in high school that was all about to change, when I met my friend Don (name changed for privacy). 

Don was very similar to me. He was a male, my age, and a loner. He became the only person I was able to talk to, and him to me. As I learned about his story I realized I was not the only one in agony; I wasn't the only one who wanted to end my life. I saw the marks on his wrist, he was a cutter. I asked him how many times he's attempted suicide, and he said he has tried to die at least 5 times, but was never successful. Everyday I looked forward to seeing Don, hoping that he would show up at school. He did not show up one day, and I assumed one of his attempts was finally successful. He attended school the next day and told me that the only reason he isn't dead is because I had given him hope that he was more than just a victim of bullying. I had become his first friend, and he never felt happier. Even though he still had the urges to die, he said he wouldn't go if I didn't go with him. I told Don that seeing him alive gave me a new meaning in life, and we became the best of friends in high school. However, I had begun to grow out of my shell and make new friends, and Don and I began to drift apart. He posted a MySpace bulletin saying that he had lost his best friend and was going to end it all.

I had read this, and called him right away, and asked him to allow me once last chance to see him. I told him to come and hang out with the new friends I had made at school. These new friends I had made weren't just loners like Don and I, but pretty popular guys who were involved in the school elections and events. Don followed me along, and although he didn't speak a word to anybody else but me, he is still alive today. On graduation day, he thanked me for being there for him everyday, and introducing him to the new friends. He eventually began to talk to them and he fit right in. 

What I am trying to say here is: Don't assume that you aren't worth living. Everybody was put on this world to live, and although there may be struggles, sometimes all you need is someone to talk to. And if you honestly believe that there is no one out there that would talk to you, you aren't trying hard enough. I don't know where Don and I would be today if it weren't for our meeting each other, but I know that talking to each other gave us a new-found meaning of life. If you honestly feel like there is no one out there for you, I'd like to start off by saying: I'm here. Even though I am on the Internet and you don't know who I am, I am here.  Try to initiate conversation with people. Don't expect them to talk to you first. You never know where you will meet your Don, but he or she is out there. Trust me. 

Also, there is nobody worth taking your life for. I have also been in love, and I have also been hurt by the ones I love. And I have been depressed because of it. And as much as I tried to tell myself that I was not worthy of living, I think back to those who respected me and cared for me. Don, my parents, my family, and past lovers. If you've had a past lover, then obviously you have the capability to be loved. And although the person you love may have different feelings about you, it doesn't mean that your life has to be over because of it. Someday, you WILL find the person who loves you forever and for who you are. But sometimes it take pain and agony to achieve happiness and bliss. 

So I ask you all a favor: Please, nothing and no one is worth ending your life. Take a minute every time you have these urges and think about the good things in life. If you are dealing with a break-up, don't think of it as "s/he doesn't love me anymore." Think of it as "things didn't work out, but there are no regrets and the happy times we had together, will eventually make their way to me again." 

Hope that my story has been a helpful one, and I wish you all the best of luck.


Edit: Don and I have not really kept in touch since we both moved on to college, but we are both in happy relationships with new people, and both of us are no longer suicidal

