Life just feels like a drain to liveI just feel ready to give up, you know?  

The last time I was really happy was about two years ago, and all this depression started when my girlfriend left me. Admittedly, i wasn't great beforehand but she was the only thing holding me together. 

Then I endured the final year of high school, It damn near killed me. I was depressed, I struggled with anxiety which prevented me from sleeping well, which made me unable to focus at school. My grades went to shit, despite be being a smart kid.  

I ended up having to settle for a different university course because my final score was so abysmal. I hate the course I'm doing, but the hope is that maybe it'll lead to a job I like. 

But in the mean time I'm working as a cashier at a grocery store. and I fucking hate it. I have autism and social anxiety disorder, so dealing with people gets me very panicked and my whole job is centred around customer service. I've tried finding other jobs but to no avail. I can't quit because I need income.   
I've been working for 3 years and I was told my anxiety would get better but it's gotten much worse. My last shift resulted in my having a full anxiety attack, I routinely suffer migraines, chest pains, dizziness and nausea and quite frankly, I don't think that's healthy .

I've tried medication but none of it works, the only drug that works is the sleeping pill, and while i can sleep better, my anxiety and depression are still running rampant.  

I'm working a job that I'm nearly in tears just thinking about, I'm studying a course I don't enjoy because of my past fuck ups that still haunt me, I don't drive because it terrifies me to my core and that makes going places difficult.  
And fuck, I don't even have a girlfriend or something else to fall back on and go "oh at least I have this thing in my life that makes it worth living" 


I used to enjoy life, I don't anymore. I have nothing that makes me want to get out of bed in the morning.  

I'm only 19, which means I probably got like 50 more years of this shit.  
I just want to fucking end it now, nothings changed, nothing gets better, no matter how hard I try, I'm going to be stuck in a shit job, filled with anxiety, unable to drive anywhere, to scared to talk to people, I'm never gonna have a family of my own, never going to be able to live my life how I want.  

I'm going to die alone and sad, so why fucking wait until I'm old when i can just die alone and sad now?   