I don't knowSomeone please help, this is my 8th time writing this and I don't know what to say, I just end up rambling about stuff. I've tried killing myself 3 times already and I'm only 14. I would keep trying but like, I just don't know. I've been hurt emotionally and physically so much that sleep is foreign to me. I get about 2 hours maximum if I'm lucky of sleep every day. It hurts. I hurt. Last year I wanted to kill myself so bad so I told everyone I had schizophrenia. I ended up with this amazing girl, Danielle, and she made me not want to die, I tried telling people I lied about schizophrenia but the first person I told started crying coz I lied to them, so I didn't tell anyone else. This guy Malechi knew about me and Danielle &amp; I guess he was jealous? I don't know. But majority of the time he ended up kicking me on the way home from school. I was so happy about me and Danielle that I wanted to tell everyone. Being with her helped me get sleep. I felt as if someone had cared for me after years of bullying. She didn't want anyone to know thought coz she was ashamed to be with me. I loved her. I remember before we started dating we would play this game called "Chicken". It's where 2 people dig their nails into the other person and whoever said "chicken" first loses. Me and her would always play it. But I never dug my nails into her, I didn't want to hurt her so she always done it to me. I would yell in pain but it was so worth it, seeing her smile and hearing her laugh. We played it so much that my hands have scars from it and this was over a year ago. I can't remember what happened between us, but we broke up. I fell back into my suicidal thoughts and was going to attempt to kill myself for the 3rd time. I wanted help but I didn't want to seem like I was asking for any, everyone always said I was "sympathy hunting" when I'd try talking about my problems. So I brought a knife to school and told about 5 or so people that I was going to kill myself at the end of the day. I wanted someone to just grab me and tell me everything was okay. Nobody did. I just got looked at like I was delusional. The principle found out by lunch time and brought me into the office. So many things were going through my head. Too many to say. I started to panic, but on the inside. I ended up getting sent home early that day but I didn't want my parents to know anything. I have to bus home because I live about 15km from school. It was about a 30min bus ride so I decided to walk. When I got home my parents didn't suspect anything. Skipping a few days ahead I had to go to this meeting to see if I would stay at my school or not. During the meeting I was told that I had brought the knife to school to do harm to others. I didn't know what to say. I had no reason to hurt anyone. Well I guess I did but like, I didn't want to. Then I was told that I did a bunch of other things too. A few I did do but the rest were just lies. I realized that my "friends" were trying to get rid of me. I didn't know how to cope around that. So I guess I just, I don't know. After the meeting, I wasn't told immediately if I was kicked out, so I just chilled at home, locked in my room that is outside (it's a sleepout) and talked to friends. It got to the point where I don't know exactly what happened but I just started to lose it. My friends had stopped talking to me now. Why? Why now when I need you. I asked them why they stopped talking to me. One of the answers I got was "Because you are not a part of our lives anymore, you don't need us and we don't need you. Goodbye Jacob, it was nice knowing you I guess" I don't know. Things have been hard ever since Year 7. I was alone. They knew I wasn't okay but they did nothing. Nobody talked to me for like 4 or 5 months. I cannot stress how lonely I was and felt. Everything hurt. Everything reminds me of last year. I don't know why I'm not dead. I should be. At my school currently I feel like a waste of space. I know I'm not meant to be alive. Everyday is the same. I wake up, go to school, learn nothing, go home and lay on my bed reflecting on stuff. I've got a group of friends in school, and outside of school. The ones outside of school know what's going on, but not this much. My school friends, know barely anything. I need help. I'm not sure if I want help anymore but my friend Anthony is telling me I need help. I would get help but I don't want my parents to know. I don't want my younger brother and sister to know. They already know that I'm a fuckup who got kicked out of school so I don't know what to do. I'd ask my friends at school for help but they always joke around because of my acne or because I'm "anorexic". I don't even know how to talk about my feelings now. I've gone so long just not saying anything. I want to die. I don't even know if anyone is reading this. It's 2am and I know I'm not going to sleep tonight. I can't sleep. Whenever I do I start hyperventilating and I have nightmares about last year and when I wake up I'm in tears. I need to forget and move on, but the damage done to be is fucked. I'm fucked. I'm not sure what I want anymore. I've been like this for almost a year. I don't know.