I don't belong here.Was considering making a throwaway, but if I die tonight, it wouldn't even matter. 

I don't even belong in this world. I wasn't meant to live. 

I don't even deserve to live. 

I'm stupid. I'm hypocritical. I'm irrational. I'm emotional. I'm manipulative. I never listen. I never change. I'm a burden to everyone. 

I don't deserve to be happy. 

But I try. I try to change. I try to be better. I try not to hurt myself. I try not to kill myself. But when I make a mistake and fall into that temptation again, I'm reminded of how awful and stupid I am. 

"You're stupid for doing that." 

The disappointed and frustrated glances from parents having learnt that their daughter doesn't know how to take medication properly. And the stern lectures that come after whenever medication is given to me. 

I'm so tired of always being looked down upon, and being punished for attempting suicide. (I've hurt so much already. Please make it stop. It was punishment enough.) I'm so tired of all these awful thoughts in my head. I'm so tired of being a disappointment. 

I've tried all I can. Medication. Therapy. I didn't even like the idea of therapy after my first therapist was not that great. But I tried for the people around me. I pushed myself. 

But at the end of the day, everyone looks at me like I'm weak and dumb for attempting suicide. That nothing has changed or will change. Everyone thinks I do it for attention. And it's so hard to dispute that because the moment I open my mouth about this, I feel like it's inevitable for me to be doing it for attention. If it's not for attention, then I can keep it to myself right? I'm so tired. I just want to be free from this all. 

I've lost all hope for myself and my worth. I don't even think the world needs me anyways. People have given up on me. There's no one I can turn to. Family? They tell me I just need to pray more. Everyone else just continues pointing out my endless list of flaws, saying that yet again I don't change and I don't listen, or that I'm selfish for trying to hurt myself again. 

But everytime they say it, I'm hurt that they see those awful qualities as clearly as I do. I don't remember the last time someone sat me down for a serious conversation to remind me of the good parts of me. 

I'm nothing left but a shell, with my flaws being my only identity.

And I want it to stop.

So here I am, with medication sprawled all around me because I apparently don't know better. But I need release. I've tried. But it's never enough for anyone. I have no more positive traits left in me. I'm a burden. I'm just bad. And I'm ready to say goodbye. 

Thank you for reading, the Internet is all I have left unfortunately. 