Thoughts opinions advice criticism welcomeI’m lonely and need help

Hello everyone. It’s my first time making a reddit post. I am 24 and suffer from severe depression. It runs in both sides of my family.

Anyway, I think my mental state has been getting worse and worse lately. I’ve always had thoughts about suicide but nowadays it’s all I think about. I even make plans sometimes. I wish I was in California. I’d take a walk, get high, and jump of the Golden Gate Bridge.

But the thing is i can’t do it. I can’t leave my mom behind. I don’t want to hurt her. 

I have no friends and I am not super close to my family. Nowadays I cry multiple times a day and I have no one to talk to. I feel pathetic. I’m even crying as I write this.

I don’t want to kill myself because I can’t do that to my mom, and I don’t imagine I’ll die of natural causes anytime soon. I’m just in a state of misery. I don’t know what to do. I can’t afford therapy and my antidepressants never work so I stopped taking them a few weeks ago.

I can’t make friends. I think I might be on the spectrum or something. I don’t know though. I have no one to talk to and I’m just so lonely.  I haven’t been to a good doctor since I was like fifteen so I wonder is it just depression? Sometimes I think I might be bipolar too or even schizophrenic but I’m not an expert. 

I never feel like myself anymore. I am just sad pathetic person living in my body. Nothing brings me happiness and I don’t want to live anymore. Some days are awful, some are tolerable, but overall it’s getting worse

Anytime I try and reach out to people I overwhelm them and they stop talking to me. I’ve been self destructive and pushing people away.  I can’t even do my school work anymore and I’m swamped with work I need to do

My girlfriend and I broke up a few months ago and she’s living a happy life. She told all her friends (people I thought liked me) that I am suicidal (even though I never wanted people to know). Even though people know this no one has reached out to me. No one asked how I felt about the break up no one asked how I am no one cares that I’m quarantined. No one cares about me. 

I recently hacked into one of her accounts. I know I shouldn’t have it’s an invasion of privacy and a dick move. But I was reading her messages with her friends and all they say is fuck him (me) and that I’m a piece of shit. I know I’m not the perfect person but I didn’t think I was that bad. I can’t see all the messages cause it’s only one social media account out of many. She said in the messages that I wasted five years of her life. To me those were the best five years of my life. I never meant to be a bad person. 

People always talk about mental health awareness and acceptance but when they see an example of it they just label me as a jerk or something. Anytime my ex tweets that she’s sad or something she gets like a dozen replies telling her she’s loved and supported and her friends are there for her. But why not me? Am I that bad of a person? 

My entire existence meant nothing to her. She moved on. She’s talking to other guys. She even is getting with her ex again. How am I supposed to live knowing the person who knows me better than anyone on this planet doesn’t love me or care about me. I meant nothing. She already replaced me. 

I am sorry for overwhelming you reddit. I just have no one to talk to.