Whatever darkness I brought with me into this world I was never meant to be in, is winning. After 34 years, it's finally winning, and I don't think I can fight anymore.My mother was never supposed to be able to have children. I was born dead. I was born in outside of hospital, as my mom was a midwife. If I were, they would have stopped CPR about a minute before I came back to life.

I have had a little voice in the back of my head screaming at me to get back. Back into the darkness. Back into the void. For my entire life. I can't remember a time in my life I was ever happy. Ever truly safe from it. 

My usual internal monologue is a mix of a ceaseless bloodcurdling scream, and thoughts of intense violence. Not violence towards others, towards myself. I have always tried to drown out the screams and vitriolic hatred for myself with being helpful loving and kind to others. I wear a mask of happy helpful love while sulking behind it in a deep deep existential fear of my own hands.

Every. Single. Day. Of my ENTIRE CONSCIOUS EXISTENCE has been a battle. I can count the times my mother, who I have been very close with my entire life, has told me "wow you seem happy" on one hand. Don't even need the whole thing.

I self harm regularly. Physically, and emotionally. I rend my flesh, burn myself, subconsciously sabotage everything good that I have. Also sometimes consciously destroy anything good that I have because deep down I feel, no...I know, that I don't deserve it.

I am also an alcoholic. Thanks genetics. Thanks me.

I drink, because when I am sober the angry masochistic voices that make up the vast majority of my psyche are very loud. Very. Very fucking loud. Sober me is a flaccid angry sad fucking mess. Drinking me knows at least at the end of the day I can finally drink and at least quiet the voices. They never stop, but if I get drunk they at least do to and can't quite fuck with me as much. However, sometimes I cross a line and these bastard demons come pouring out of me like an open hydrant. My internal screams of anguish externalize and I subsequently once again self harm. Physically, socially, emotionally I destroy myself *while I'm watching me do it.*

I have reached a breaking point. I am weak, I am tired, I am done.

This world is a fucking joke anyway. An endless stream of psychopathic violent greed with no end in sight. We spent *billions of dollars* on people playing sports ball while half the world starves or is killed or raped or burned or all and everything between. I live in a country that propigates this, run by a pedantic terroristic child more concerned with the perceived size of his hands than his citizens. I cannot get mental health care, because I cannot afford it, because money grabbing antisocial bullshit makes it easier for me to buy a gun and blow my fucking brains out than see a therapist that I can't afford because my "affordable healthcare" is more than my rent. My therapy is whiskey. My outlet is my own pathetic worthless existence. I am my own punching bag.

My mother is the only thing tethering me to this life. I love her. I love her so so much. Her brother killed himself in 1995 and I know that if I did the same, she would crumble. Her beautiful heart and soul would decay into nothing and I cannot do that. I can't. 

But I want to. I want the screams to stop. I can't do this anymore. I have buried many close people because they opted out. I have been angry. SO ANGRY AT THEM. Because they hurt me. They hurt our friends, their family, us. But they are free. I want to be free.