Venting here because no one gives a shit about me and I have no ppl to vent toI’m not really sure what’s wrong again, I keep having these mood swings but I just want to die don’t ask why. These past few days I’ve felt bad and insecure again, it never stops and it never gets better. I feel horrible and empty, I feel like I’m invisible and no one cares about me. I have nothing to look up to, no friends to talk to because I’ve driven everyone away and I’m such a terrible person that no one wants to talk to me. My death would cause no difference and my existence is meaningless , I’m tired and I feel bad. I’m sensitive to everything at this point, I feel like no one gives a sh*t and it’s horrible it’s horrible being so alone and useless. I’m a disapointment to everyone and everything and all I do is f*ck things up. Nothing I do is right and I should just die, I want to be happy and cared for. I’m not sure why I’m writing this when no one f*cking gives a sh*t. I wish someone f*cking cared and checked up on me and asked what was wrong and loved me.I’m tired.The worst part of it all is knowing it’s my fault and there will be no change. This feeling is permanent till I change being a worthless piece of sh*t *sshole who contributes nothing to society and is a general annoyance.I f*cking hate everything and everyone and I’m tired of myself I can’t sleep. I’m weak and I know it. I want to scream and cry I just want a f*cking hug is that so f*cking hard I want someone to love me and care about me but no one f*cking gives a sh*t and I’m not special I’m just f*cking annoying which is why everyone leaves me and abandons me because Im not worth anyone’s time and all I do is cause annoyances and entertain like a clown because it’s all I’m good for. Im so tired of feeling alone and like sh*t and I hate telling people how I feels because I’m f*cking embarassed of it. Im embarassed  as to how much of a sh*tty fucking p*ssy I am w little dumb f*cking feelings that make me feel terrible every day and don’t stop making me feel terrible.I just want someone to listen. Why wont anyone listen or care about me what the f*ck is wrong with me am I such degenerate garbage that I don’t deserve the right to express myself? Am i not allowed to feel pain or feel bad? Am I not allowed to fucking talk to someone about how sh*t everything is? This isnt f*cking fair and I’m mad.I want to be able to tell people without being f*cking judged or ignored or fucking made fun of because I’m f*cking serious and I feel bad. Why doesn’t anyone care and why am i so alone. God where are you just send a f*cking message because I feel horrible. I hate that when I do f*cking have the courage to say sh*t because I feel like sh*t I’m supposed to ducking man up  or STOP BEING SENSITIVE. what’s the f*cking point of telling people when I’m just going to f*cking get ignored because no one gives a sh*t about me, no one loves me and I’m f*cking dying alone from how much of a sh*tty loser I am and I deserve it. Why doesn’t anyone love me ? Well the answer is easy you r*tard  you’re hard to love because you’re a manipulative ugly disgusting piece of sh*t who should have been aborted. You deserve everything bad coming your way and guess what? It’s all your fault.I want to be loved why am i such a terrible f*cking person that doesn’t deserve love. Why did I have to be born this way so f*cking ugly and disgusting and horrible and trashy and bad and evil and rude and dumb I’m f*cking dumb and there’s nothing special about me . There’s no reason for me to@live when I contribute nothing to society, no one cares about me, I’m a terrible person and I have nothing to fucking look up for.why the f*ck am I such a worthless disapointment that means nothing to no one and can’t do anything right? Why is it all my fault? Why do I have to suffer? Why am i so sh*t? What the f*ck did I do to deserve this. Just f*cking end me.I’m having a terrible time and I’m so alone . I just need a hug I fu*cking want a hug and to be loved why is that so f*cking hard god@f*cking damn. I’m stuck  Help. I’m so empty and I yearn so much for something to fill that disgusting ugly void that makes me feel me. Whether it be physical or mental things. I’m not sure what I want all I want is to be happy but I can’t find how to be happy and I’m just a fu*king weight on everyone’s shoulders and I’m tired of talking to people or annoying people I wish I could just shut myself off in a room alone but the problem is my f*cking greedy ass doesn’t want to be alone I want happiness but I don’t want to work for it I want it to come but nothing ever comes. I’m the problem here not them. How can I fix everything when im@so useless. No one loves me.I keep overanalyzing everything that happens until I feel bad and dislocate myself from reality and ignore people or isolate myself because I want to stop annoying people . No one loves me and I’m annoying. Matter of fact writing this is annoying because I’m putting pressure on others.Pressure I shouldn’t be putting and I’m greedy so I’m sorry. I’m sorry for every f*ckinf mistake I do and I’m sorry for everything I’m sorry for existing because all I do is wrong. IM human and I make mistakes every single f*cking day because I can’t do anything right. I just mess up day to day f*cking up my relationship w ppl. I’m sure everyone in my family hate me and everyone in the gc  which is the only place where I have “friends” hate me too . I have no actual friends because I’m a dirty loser who no one dares to talk to because  I’m subhuman.I should just shut myself off until I dissapear completely never to be seen again never to annoy another soul because no one gives a sh*t and no one would miss me.i stay up every single night using my phone looking at the ceiling daydreaming things that’ll never happen disassociation from reality creating realities that will never be true because I’m sh*t .do I just care too much? Why am i always in the wrong it’s not their fault it’s me I’m the sh*tty person and I don’t deserve to live . I hate myself. These constant reminders around me reminding me of my uselessness and worthlessness hurt me even more. Just a single tiny thing can ruin my day. IM that f*cking weak and I hate it. I hate how much of a sh*tty weak *sshole I am and how I’m a little offended b*tchboy who can’t handle sh*t. I wish this was all a bad dream and I wasn’t a lonely dipsh*t who cant get people to love or care about him because of how much of a pos he is. I wish for one second I could feel loved ,Appreciated ,Cared for. JUSR anything that isn’t f*cking pain and emptiness that eats me up inside and tears my internal organs into pieces making me want to bleed out of my eyes and ear and release a scream everyone can fuxking hear to see if anyone would give a shit now.I’m shit becuase I deserve it right?  Its impossible for me to escape this feeling now. I want to avoid everyone even though my gf the only sense of happiness that comes into my life anymore when I probably don’t mean anything to her, I’m just an annoyance and I’m sure she doesn’t really love me. Who cares about me? Why wont anyone care about me.but who could care about such a disgusting being who shouldn’t even be alive. A waste of space, a waste of time and a waste of money. I’m losing interest in everything and don’t find happiness in anything anymore. The only dopamine rush I get is the one I get from my addiction to m*sturbation which causes more harm than foul. At this point I dont j*rk off because I’m h*rny I do it because I want to feel something. Anythign. A ray of light in this gloomy f*cking storm of pain which makes me feel sh*tty, And I feel guilty after it too.I’m a secondary character in my own life ,non important,dull and badly written . I’m predictable dumb boring annoying and a sh*tty person overall.My existence makes no sense as I bring nothing to no one and Im a pain in the ass to my family and to my gf. ’ll never be good enough for her anyways. She’ll leave sooner or later once she realizes how fucking sh*t I am.