My boyfriend is in the hospital, again, and I’m just so brokenMy boyfriend was originally hospitalized in September 2017 because of stomach pain. Ends up it was cancer, a rather rare one, and he had to have surgery/a colostomy. I’ve been with him for nearly three years, and I love and adore this man with all of my heart. It makes it ten times harder because we’re in an international LDR and it isn’t easy for me to go and see him at a moments notice (yes, before you ask, Ive met him before and this is a legitimate relationship).

I hadn’t taken antidepressants since 2010 but I knew with everything my bf would be going through, I’d need them to help myself and be the support system he needed me to be. 

Last week was supposed to be a celebration. It was his last bit of his first round of chemo that he started in November. He was about to have three weeks to do whatever he wanted. Instead, he got sick on the days when his immune system was the worst. His stoma/colostomy got blocked, and we find out tomorrow if he needs to have invasive surgery or if keyhole surgery will fix it up. We don’t know what the blockage is yet, we just know it’s there.

I’ve been finding this all out through my boyfriend’s mom. Apparently, according to her after we spoke today, my BF asked her to lie to me about what was wrong exactly - because he “didn’t want me to worry”, so she was lying but she felt the need to tell me the truth because his situation has been escalating. Originally I just thought he got sick/dehydrated and didn’t know about the blockage until today. And I’m just so, so mad. He’s my person. Why would he tell his mom to lie to me? I haven’t spoken to him except for a bit on Thursday because he’s been mostly sleeping and out of it, and I want him to focus on getting better, but holy fuck I’m so sad and hurt right now. 

I feel weak and broken. I feel like I’m not strong enough to be the supportive person he needs right now, and I feel like I don’t know myself outside of this relationship. Don’t get me wrong, I love him so goddamn much. But the fact that he wanted to keep the truth from me about how he’s doing just hurt so fucking bad. 

I keep humoring the idea of just killing myself. I’ve tried before from taking pills but all I did was throw up - that was back in 2010. But I live in a big city and I could just go jump off of a bridge or a building and that’s it. I won’t have to feel this sad or be this broken any more. I won’t have to feel like I’m an awful girlfriend and hurt every single damn day knowing how much pain he’s in and how I can’t do shit about it.

I just don’t want to feel anything at all any more. 