My life is probably the best it's ever been. I'm going to kill myself.I'm away from my abusive mother. I'm closer with my best friend who lives far away than ever before. I'm actually starting to make friends in my area when I was physically isolated for 8 years. Next weekend I hope to go out on Halloween with a friend, something I've never been able to do before. I'm on medicine for an illness I've lived with untreated for 2 years. I have a job, my teachers like me, I have a new pet. I am passing all my classes. I love my dad and my dog. Everything is going better than it ever has. 


I am still lonely. I still cut and hit myself. I still hate myself. I hate myself for hating myself. I still have intrusive thoughts and the only thing I can draw is depressed ramblings. I am still so tired and sick all the time. When I was 10-16 I dreamed of the day when I would be away from my mom and not be sad anymore. I dreamed of the day I'd have my medicine and not feel physically dead because my mom wouldn't let me have it. I dreamed of having friends. I told my self "When this is all over, I'm gonna feel better! When I have friends, I'll feel better!" Now I'm 17.


I feel the same. And everytime I feel slightly better, I guilt myself for it. When I feel worse again, I guilt myself for it. I am trapped in an endless cycle. I finally know now, without any doubt: *it doesn't get better*. And guess what? It's only going to get worse. I'm 17 and this is my last year of freedom and being a teenager. I wasted my youth and it's over now. All that is in my future is heartbreak, death, suffering, and wageslaving til I keel over. Just having a part time job and school I barely have time to listen to a full album before I pass out because I just want to sleep. Imagine the future where I will have to work 40 hours a week, wake up at 6 am and have a terrible sleep schedule for the rest of my life? No time to call my friends or even think about hanging out? Forever? Thinking about it makes me want to vomit. I can barely handle it right now. I have no time left to enjoy being a kid, that was taken from me but I guess it wouldnt have mattered anyway. I am fundamentally incapable of happiness. Suicide is my destiny, I always wondered if it would be like this but now I know for certain. 


When my dog dies, I'm going with her. Fuck this cruel world. If you start out wrong or are born into shitty circumstances, you DON'T get a second chance. That's all I've learned.