How to deal with 2 friends with a suicidal mindsetI am in the fucking dark here and I need as much help as I can get.

the 2 friends that I'll be talking about, one of them is my ex GF(17) and her friend who she recently met (17 as well).  
When I and her first met she already had a suicidal mindset, and I felt pity for her because of the toxic environment that she lives in.  
So I stood by her side for every thick and thin.  
Whenever she needed someone to talk to I was there.  
I encouraged her to stay positive because none of this will matter in 5 years and everything that you are going through is bunch of shit and hormones that are been piling up on you and it will slowly but surely dissipate.  
She praised for everything that I'm doing to her and sacrifices I've done to stick by her side and she confessed her love to me.  
We had a relationship for 4 months but we know each other for 8 months now.  
she said she wanted to break up because she felt like she's cheating me while talking to other guys, then she emphasized that she does not want to have a responsibility towards anyone.  
She kept my last name in her IG until I told her to change it. I told her that I don't want to stay with you as long as I don't have a vision that I'm going to end up with you.  
She then said she was about to commit suicide because I said that.  
Moving forwards. We have been out of contact for over a month and she reached out to me today to wish a happy birthday for my little brother. Then she talked to me about her suicidal friend who lost a girlfriend due to illness. They have been together for 3 years before she passes out.  
She said he's bipolar, he still thinks she's with him ( eg: when she flirts with him he says that his GF will haunt them both).  
I immediately thought of how this is bad for her. Two suicidal mindest... nothing good will come out of that!  
She said that she's sticking by his say and she comforts him with lies (that yes she's still around and he should be happy and she wants him to move on).  
I told her to stop giving him pink hopes and tell him the reality even though it is harsh. Do not numb his brain with fake hope.  
Then she said that she's worried to lose him if he knew that reality is harsh ( she sounded like she has the switch to control his feeling which it felt odd to me)  
I told her that that's not her job, it's the doctor's job, your job is to stay by his side while he is recovering...  
She replied with: " I can heal him, I know I can, but this doesn't work with me... it may work with someone else but not to me"  
It's like her mind is slowly shifting to a land of pain and misery...  
I told her that I'm worried about you, he's suicidal and you are too... I'm worried if he decided to end his life that you'll do the same as well...  
Then she dropped the bomb, she said " Yes, I will... I told him if he saw no solution but to kill himself, I want to meet him and do it together"  
I was WTF IS GOING ON... What is this Romeo and Juliet kind of bullshit that you going through!!!  
She said I don't need to heal, I'm focusing on him... not all medications work for everyone ( It's like her mind has completely wandered off to someplace)  
I said don't you see what's going on ??? you are doing the thing that I exactly did to you!! I thought  I could change you and heal with love but look at you, You are still the same... Learn from my mistakes this is not how should things be done.   
I also said that I can't feel the misery that she's in but she found someone who understands... I told her that negative+negative= positive and this can end up really good for both of them and I encouraged her to stay by his side and stop comforting him with lies...  
Please, what should I do? she said that she doesn't think she will live until September.