I'm lost and I'm angry and I'm sad and I want to dieI'm 15, I've been depressed since around middle of March. I told no one for a few weeks and opened up to a girl online, she is now my girlfriend and she's been helping me out so much. She's insanely supportive, now I've been a lurker here for a little while, and this and r/depression have been great it's nice seeing people who are similar to me and knowing I'm not alone.


I'd rather not bore you guys and go into the exact details, but you all know depression and the no motivation and blah blah blah. Well I've gone to school about 6 days and we're 6 weeks into this school term. I don't have to do assessment for the rest of the term they just want me back at school. And my mindset on school has definitely improved and I should be able to start going again.

I've been seeing a psychologist for a few weeks now and I thought she was okay, she didn't really help too much so far but she talking to my mum and told her I should only be allowed 3 hours of internet a day, and I need to go back to school.

My hobbies are basically: computers and video games. They always make me feel better and I get to escape reality for a little bit and have fun with friends. Instead of going into my past/current problems or to why I was depressed I'm writing this because my dad has gone and bought a new router. 

Where he can track every site I go on and set up internet time limits. Which is three hours a day (including weekends), and that's phone/computer/tv/internet or gaming in general. So for the rest of the day I have to do something else, and that's impossible. My girlfriend and my friends help me so much playing games with people I have fun with makes me so happy. 

I told my parents about it and I opened up to them, and they do this? And I've already told my dad all of this saying how it won't help but he's taking the psychologist over me. Because I'm depressed it means I'm not in the right mind to make decisions, obviously this won't help me at all. I'm already suicidal and depressed enough and they're limiting the one thing that gets my mind off it.

Sorry for it being long and poorly written, it's just that none of my friends agree with this and I'm curious to see what you guys think. I really want to kill myself but I couldn't hurt my parents or my friends, so I couldn't do it. And I'm currently 7 days clean of self harming, don't know if that will go any longer. :/