Today I considered ending it. I can do it whenever I want and nobody would ever know. It just feels so right. I have been just shaking and miserable for weeks. More than anything in the world I just want to feel like my feelings are my own and my being is free. 

Let's begin:

I have been given a great opportunity to go to college basically for free. My parents can't afford to pay for school. If my grades are less than absolutely perfect, I lose my scholarship, I lose college, and I am stuck. I lose the support of the community who is paying for me. I feel so constricted and I am already failing my classes and can't comprehend anything being taught to me. 

I can't seem to function emotionally. It feels like everything I could be feeling has just been drained and all that is left is just shaking and crumbling away. I can't control my body or my mind and every time I try to get a grasp on my situation or reality I just feel it slipping into a panicked emptiness. I wish I could explain this better without sounding like a child, but that's just how I see it. 

It feels like my only real human connection has completely abandoned me and I know it's my fault, shit, he's told me. I am ruining his life by being a part of it and without having anyone anymore, it just feels like I'm falling without a rope to hold me to the surface. I can't talk to anyone because nobody understands me like he could and trying to make someone understand takes time I don't feel like I have. 

I am now aware that I am not as good as I should be. I have been raised to a pedestal by people that don't know me and I can't live up to it. Those that do know me tell me I'm a disappointment, or that I'm not as great as they thought, or that I am just simply not as good as the other. I try to make friends and all I do is push people away because I try so hard and I keep failing. 

I look like shit. I am overweight and I will never be where I want to be because I just don't care about myself enough to change. Being attractive means jack shit if your personality is nothing, and surprise, I have a terrible fucking personality. 

I want to die. I just feel like that is the one option I have that gives me the freedom to make my own choices and grounds me in a very dark but very tangible reality that I just don't feel like I have anymore. I don't know when I lost it, but it's gone and I don't see it coming back and I just need help... I want to kill myself, I have the means to do it, and it just feels like the seconds are ticking away until I finally cave in and finally just do it already. 