Dear psychoanalysts...It's not a matter of if life will knock you on your ass. It's when. 

“Life does hit you but the only thing that matters is having the strength to get up”. 

Right, said by no one ever. . . . 

 I've been dabbling in risky behaviors since I was 16. It began with alcohol and weed, then I graduated to prescription pills from my mom and my diploma I received was overdosing and going on suicide watch. It's now escalated to couch-surfing and living with family, drinking whenever I feel lonely, (very often) and doing anything to alter my consciousness (drugs). Ironically, the drugs has kept me alive and the suicidal tendencies at bay. But not always.

My family grew up poor in the San Francisco Bay Area on welfare, just enough for us to have a pot to piss in. My mother was an alcoholic and my father left before I was a teenager. I was also abused as a child, which brought me much distress during my adolescence and I've carried it over into my young adulthood. My mother died in 2012 and my father and siblings are estranged from me. I've been completely alone. 

“Scars heal with time though, just give it time”.

Tell that to the people who have fixations with running razorblades against their wrists, cunt. . . . 


I no longer give two shits about conforming to any demands or expectations from society. I barely  desire having girlfriends, or a career. Mainly because I feel like I'm not going to achieve those things in life. Despite this I continue living amongst those who are achieving this, which makes me feel so miserably incompetent. Even escaping the façade of "playing along" using drugs is becoming less effective than what death can offer me. I realize this now. 


This revelation now leads me to the conclusion of this post: life and death are the chief components of existentialism. We can't choose our lives, or what life hands us. We're at the mercy of someone or something else's will.  The only thing we can choose is when, where and how we die. But there is no freedom in death compared to what life offers. But what if the freedom you're seeking is from life itself? . . . . 