Does Life Matter?My question is, as stated above, does life matter/have a point? I know many people have asked this but I want to ask my own personal question. So i am not religious what's so ever, just stating that now to get that out of the way. I have been feeling this way for about 6-7 months now and it's hard to describe. My view on life is that nothing we do now or ever has a point no matter how big of an impact we make on earth. I feel like that I could die now or in 70 years but it doesn't matter either way because I was already going to die. I just don't understand why we do anything we do. No opinion from anybody matters. We are forced to go to school to start with and if we don't we or our parents would then be punished which is what I don't understand. I don't know why there are people (The government) that have a higher authority on what we as individual people do. I don't understand why people want things like a partner or drugs or cool things like the newest phone or a nice speaker. If we die one day what is the point to anything we do? Why do we have sex or do drugs or go on vacations? What is the benefit of that? We are still the same person we were before. This post itself has no point to it but I don't give a fuck because I have the privilege to be a human on earth and I think we have however long we have to live to do what we want but then we are forced to follow rules (laws) because not everybody sees life the same way I do. If everybody had the same point of view on life as I did their would be a lot more people committing suicide and looting, raping, and havoc. So my question in short is if we are put here on earth as our own person why do we have to listen to anyone else and get punished if we don't if we all are going to be dead eventually and the day the earth comes to an end what was the point of anything. I feel like nobody around me understand what I know saying or just thinks I have a depressing or wrong way of thinking and it makes me want to kill myself that no one around me understands what I'm saying or even if they do they are denying it. This way of thinking has increased my suicidal thoughts dramatically and the only way I get through each day is because I know I have family that will miss me if i go and I am also afraid of what's after death. I don't want to die and come back as another person or animal and I also don't want their to be no conscious and nothingness. As I said, I am not religious but I do want their to be a heaven and I do want to see my family and friends after death but I don't believe their is such a thing.  