I’m going to kill myself on my 20th birthday if I haven’t found a girlfriend by thenWhat’s up I’m 18 years old so this is a ways off but I just wanted to get it off my chest. 

I’m 18 and I literally have never so much as held hands with a girl. You might think kisless virgin is a meme or something that doesn’t exist but nope, I’m one. I’ve had one girlfriend, for a brief time but apparently she didn’t quite understand my intentions and found another boyfriend while I was under the impression we were dating 

On Friday I went on a date from Tinder that I felt went really well but nope she ghosted me 

I’ve literally never had a girl express romantic interest in me.

I’m physically attractive, my personality is good, I wouldn’t consider myself overly friendly or nice but at my core I’m a good person. I’m a welder so I make stacks of cash, drive a fairly nice car and have a fairly nice place. I’m not exceptional in any regard but I’m a good solid guy who didn’t really get the short end of the stick in any aspect of life. 

I don’t even necessarily want sex I just want an actual relationship. Someone I can bring to my family because they all think I’m gay. Nothing against gay people I’m just not gay and it’s sort of annoying when people don’t understand that I literally can’t get a girlfriend no matter how hard I try 

Others can just get into relationships like it’s a normal thing but I just can’t for some reason. 

If I don’t get a relationship by the time I’m 20 I fear I will turn into an incel or ‘nice guy’ who blames women in general for his problems, and I don’t want this to happen.

Therefore I will be killing myself the day after my 20th birthday if, by this point, I have not had a relationship. 

Even something that lasts a week that I can call a real relationship would be satisfactory to me. 

Unfortunately there isn’t anything anyone can do except just hope that I find a relationship in the next two years haha 

Not sure why I’m posting this in the first place. Apologies for spelling mistakes as I am drunk on a Monday night and writing this from my phone. 
