I have no future and I want to dieI don't really know where to start. I'm a twenty seven years old person who identifies as non-binary. Which, by the way, is a complete mindfuck to me. I thought I'd be dead by now for sure when I was younger, more naive, I suppose. That's one reason why I can't really see a future for myself anymore. I try to create goals for myself, both short and long term, that feel like nothing more than a pipe dream the longer I consider the logistics. For starters, even though I've finally found work, I'm still living with my parents (again) and any hope of being able to afford a place of my own seems more bleak as the days turn into months. I can't save money efficiently and, even if I could, the wage I make wouldn't allow me to live on my own for long. At least not comfortably. Having crunched the numbers, I know I would have to go without food, drink, and/or water for extended periods of time. There would also be no room for recreation in my budget. So, I'd be living and on my own. I'm not sure that's what I'd call fulfilling, though. I'd have my privacy and little else to keep me going. Eventually, all alone and left to my own devices, I'm sure I'd end up taking my own life sooner than later. I could try to find roommates that wouldn't be completely miserable to live with but the thought of moving in with strangers brings me unbearable anxiety. I already have enough trust issues with the people who I keep at arm's length that the last thing I need is to be adding even more randoms doesn't seem promising. 

There are a few friends who I could move in with but I view them as worst case options because of how they choose to keep their living spaces, among other reasons. Like the couples. That would really be the worst case. Living with a couple.  Always feeling like a third wheel. A constant reminder of how isolated I am because I just don't understand that kind of human connection. I'm either aromantic or just emotionally dead inside. I fantasize about being in such a relationship but I don't feel romantic love for anyone. At this point, I'm not sure if I ever have. In retrospect, I feel like I was just going through the motions of what a romantic relationship is suppose to be like. They "loved" me, right? So, I "love" them back, right? Right? I don't even know anymore. I digress. Another reason I don't want to live with a couple is because I know they'll shower together and it honestly grosses me out. It makes me not want to use that shower anymore if I'm being real. It's a place for getting clean so of course, ideally it will stay clean regardless, but I still feel repulsed whenever I have to use a bathroom that I'm sure people have been having sex in. Would it kill people to keep that to non-shared spaces? Cause yuck, my dude.

There. That's at least two or three areas in life that I see going nowhere for me. I'm more or less restricted to entry level work regardless of the field of occupation that I apply for because I have very few skills that workplaces find advantageous or even relevant. Thus I'm stuck making less than what could be considered a living wage for the foreseeable future. Therefore, I feel like any aspirations I could have for moving out of my parents' house are a pipe dream at best. I feel emotionally dead inside and unable to connect with others on a meaningful level. I keep my family and friends at arm's length because I honestly don't understand how to be a better brother, friend, or son. Romantic love is something I desire but do not know if I have the capacity to feel based on past experience. All in all, my life feels pretty hollow.

Of course, I feel that none of this is valid in any way because there are so many people out there that have it worse than I do. Others that would probably be happy to have the opportunities that I have been presented, will be presented, have squandered, and will continue to squander. I don't know how to produce happiness for myself, though. I keep trying and I'll keep trying even after I'm done typing up this rant. Guilt and helplessness are my crutches that help me keep getting back up every time I feel like I've finally had enough. This time will be no different. I feel like I'm past my expiration date. I feel like I'm rotten on the inside. A moving corpse. Or just waiting for the clock to run out on my life. I'm afraid to get help because I know that if I share everything that I think or feel with someone real that they will kidnap me to an institution. I'm not a danger to others but myself is another story entirely. If I put my mind to it, I believe I could disappear without a trace. I think that I will someday but, honestly, I'd rather everyone I know forget about me beforehand to make things easy. Guilt would no longer be a crutch and helplessness would finally take hold. I could finally stop waking up to this meaningless existence.