I'm so miserable that even reading philosophy cannot help me anymore and no matter how hard I try I still am fucking stupid and I just want to end it allYeah I was one of the lucky 10% who passed the entrance exam of my country's national university , everybody from my hometown thinks I'm smart but what they don't know is that I'm just a stupid asshole who is suicidal, miserable, pretentious, and misanthropic, only my classmates in college have seen how dumb and fucked up I am.  I hate myself, I hate my parents for bringing me into this cruel world without my consent, and basically everyone around me. But 5 months after college officially started I  lost my scholarship because I tried to kill myself two weeks before finals, I kept failing my tests and I even choked through my words during a report with a topic I deeply care about, and ended up saying nothing. I love animals and I was reporting about animal rights in front of people who are not vegans. So I ended up saying nothing, because of my sudden recollection of Wittgenstein's words "Whereof one cannot speak, one must be silent."  I am a has-been, I was an overachiever in high school but  I kept fucking up in college. I was afraid of everything and I still am and i just want to disappear forever.  It happened last year and I still I hate myself for not being good enough. I don't know when it all started to fall apart, I don't why, maybe because I've read books that one must not read if one intends to stay happy? Childhood trauma especially the trauma of living near a slaughterhouse? Which is also the reason why I don't eat animals... I'm not trying to be an activist here, I'm just talking about the things that make me miserable. I am diagnosed with panic and  bipolar disorder and I hate all the psychiatrists I've talked to, all they do is give you scripted advice and medicines that don't even help you. I'm so fed up with existence. I don't really want to die and the only thing that keeps me alive are all the books in my TBR list that I haven't yet read. Those are the only things that distract me from my agony.