Intelligence is my curse and I am now lost because of it.I'm at my breaking point. Suicide has been at the back of my mind for years now but now it's creeping up to the front.

I'm about to graduate high school(or more likely fail my senior year and live my life as a dropout) and I have no clue where I am to go. It's not that I'm unintelligent, it's just that I don't do the work. Because of this, I might not graduate. Everyday I try and avoid talking about my grades with my parents because I know I'll just disappoint them further. It just hurts and removes more and more time from this ticking bomb that I am.

I'm smart, incredibly so.
And I hate it.

It has been the cause of so much strife in my years of living because it takes away so much of what could make me happy. It deprives my view of any sort of wonder and awe and leaves me just rationalizing it with math and science. But I don't want people to see that. I just want them to see a guy who enjoys having fun and intellectual conversations. At this point I'm considering just stopping all mental functions and ending it. The sad thing is; I know how to do it to almost guarantee that it will succeed. Just another curse of knowledge that I want gone.

Calling suicide hotline simply will not work because I lack the courage to talk it out with someone. Talking through text changed things and makes it bearable.

I don't even feel much love towards my family. I see them as a stepping stone covered in superglue that's meant to hold me back but help me out. I'm a pathological liar in person and it just hurts because I don't feel guilty about it and it pisses me off.

Lying has become so ingrained into my psyche to the point that I don't even let people see the real me. Ever.

I wear a mask of happiness and positive outlooks. But like all things, it's not perfect. Little cracks will form and you may see my true self a little. But at the end of the day, I go home and fix it up with some duct tape or glue that's subtly applied to make it seamless.

Religion was never an option because I simply knew better that it wouldn't help. My analytical mind will reject a life of faith.

So now I simply sit here, trudging through my life, one day at a time hoping that I might find something to help me. To get me to look up and start running along the path to someplace better.

But there's an easier road that ends much sooner. A road that can give me rest.

Where do I go? I don't even know what I want to do in life. At this point, suicide is tempting but at the same time I don't want to make things worse on other people close to me. So now I'm stuck in the middle of an intersection as others pass me by.


If you ever manage to figure out my other account that I use here, please just leave it alone. It's reserved almost exclusively for my positive side that I treasure so dearly that I try and shield it with other aspects of life.