Fired. Boyfriend leaving in the same week.My boyfriend has PTSD/borderline and we have been dealing with this for over a year. I am bipolar, but mostly really managed though I feel like the tumultuous nature of this relationship triggers my bipolar more than usual. 
He has been in therapy and things seemed like they were getting a bit better. 

And then I drank a beer with a friend after we had agreed not to and he found out about it before I had a chance to tell him. I thought he was freaking out about it and I didn't want to spend the whole night on the phone with him while I was with my friend, and trying to pretend I was in a normal happy relationship. So, I didn't answer his texts while I was with her. He freaked out and yelled at me for a few days, did heroin, and refused to let me go to sleep even though I had to be up at 6 am for work. We had calmed down from that a bit and then I got fired (for an accumulation of lates and absences). 

My best friend here is moving away in a week and we already had plans to do some a acid and go to a show (more her thing than mine) I invited him and he told me to go since she was moving. That happened to be the same night I got fired. He started getting upset saying I was irresponsible for still going. I felt like I couldn't do anything that night about the job and my friend was leaving and had already paid for my ticket so I might as well. 

So he's already upset about that and then he made plans to have his kid visit and just didn't double check about the date. I sent him a text telling him I wish he had just checked in with me. So he blew up again saying the answer was going to be yes anyway and she was coming no matter what and that I was nitpicking and not happy for him so he's moving out.
He doesn't see this as an overreaction or part of the borderline or PTSD stuff. 

It's hard to find a job where I live and I moved here with him so I'm terrified I'm going to be homeless and lose my cat. 

I can't stop crying or even think about finding a job or a roommate because I have sunk into a terrified depression. 

He ignores me crying and anytime I try to talk to him he says fuck you or fuck this and doesn't seem to care that I feel like im dying. That the pain feels like it is inhabiting every single cell of my body. 

I'm so scared and so sad and so lost and I really just don't think I can keep going. My life is shit and now it's shittier. I want to die. I'm not sure I can muster the courage to do this myself but I don't think I can keep going.