I'm a useless, pathetic piece of human filth who should've killed myself a long time ago...Using a throwaway so maybe there's a chance my family will think what happens to me tonight will be an accident.

 I'm about to lose everything, and in the process bring down what few people care about my pathetic existence with me. After trying to turn things around for the better, I've come to the conclusion that I'll never amount to anything. I'm almost 30 with a bachelor's degree and I can't even get a job that pays the bills. I'm paying for being so selfish, I'm a useless piece of shit who should've killed myself a long time ago when  I had the chance. I was so fucking stupid thinking that I could try and turn things around for myself. It is impossible for me to ever find happiness and I will always find some way to bring others down with me when I fail. 

I lost my job a month ago because my new employer decided that they didn't want to pay my mileage to and from the office, despite their company policy and despite telling me at first that it wouldn't be a problem. I was told by a co-worker that I struck a friendship with that it was because some of the more local employees were upset that I was getting a larger mileage check (not like that extra money went anywhere since it was a 105 mile round trip to and from the office, plus everywhere else.) The thing is, the state I live in has an "at will" employment law, stating that employers can hire and fire "at will" and for any reason at all. I've been trying to get a new job elsewhere for the past month, but I can't find anywhere that doesn't want me to relocate, and that's not an option for me. Most places where I live are highly conservative with their pay, meaning that my area has some of the lowest wages in the state. And because I'm so "over-qualified", no one will hire me for even the lower-wage part-time jobs because they want someone who'll stay around for more than 5 years and don't think I'll be willing to stay that long with my credentials.

So, naturally, I apply for unemployment and put in a shit-ton of applications everywhere. Everywhere I call, "we're on a hiring freeze, we'll keep your record on file," or "we're automating and downsizing our staff, but we'll call you if something opens up in a couple of months." My morning routine from Monday to Friday (no one ever has hiring managers work Saturdays or Sundays around here) has been filling out applications, doing phone interviews, and traveling to personal interviews. On top of that, my attempts at starting side gigs have all fallen flat, because everything I touch just seems to crumble in my hands.

I tried doing videography and photography with my camera, but while getting ready for my first gig, the camera's motherboard fried. Turns out there was some kind of rare error that was causing this, and my camera happened to be affected... I can't afford to put down for a new camera because I haven't had any income coming in for over a month and a half.  Next I tried doing yard work, but nobody around my area wants to pay anybody for raking leaves. Finally, I tried selling stuff on eBay, but I had a buyer rip me off and in the process, I lost the item, $250, and I was banned from selling on the site... Finally, I've been doing side work for two years as a remote editor for a couple of small to moderately sized YouTube channels, however with the big COPPA scare, they've all closed up shop, and I can't find any other YouTubers who'll hire me because they're waiting to see how COPPA and the new regulations are gonna change the site next year. Also, no one in my area expects to have to pay video editors here, and nobody really has any use for them.

I posted on here months ago under another account and almost went through with killing myself then, and I thank you guys who talked me out of doing the deed, and to those that tried to give me hope and talked me out of it, thank you. I tried my damnedest, God I tried my damnedest... to get my shit together, but now I'm about to lose everything and bring so many people who I care about down with me, and I just can't let that happen.  My grandparents have a life insurance policy taken out on me, so I'll be covered for a small funeral. I was originally gonna wait and do the deed Saturday night, but I don't see any point in postponing the inevitable and I'm just gonna do it tonight. I've got a plan to make it look like an accident. And at that, for you users that talked to me all those months ago, I am so sorry it's come to this.

Goodbye...