Peer RejectionWill someone please explain to me why I have to kill myself?  I have to kill myself because of the human condition and what the human brain is. Don’t give me platitudes which ignore what we actually are.

I have to kill myself because of constant peer rejection. I do not have a place in this world, I have been rejected where I most wanted to be accepted. Those I wanted to live with do not want me, they brag about what I will never have, they rub it in my face until I choke on it and gasp for breath.

I want to be touched. I want to be a human. I want to love. I want to dance. You won’t let me in. None of you will let me in. You claim we are a community, that you are higher level beings, well then why do you make fun of me, why do you mock me and hold me at arm’s distance giving what I want most to strangers passing by but me, I am nothing more than money to you. I am nothing more than what you can take from me.

I see it in people’s eyes, I hear it in their words. In their hesitation, in the way they pull back when I come near. This weekend I found out that so many around were doing what I want to do most, what makes me feel alive, but they won’t let me in. This is the story of my life. I do not get to be in the community, I do not get to be a peer, I have to kill myself because of what humans are, what human brains are, and what I am not, because collectively, this is my chosen destiny.

I’m being serious, I can’t sleep, I can’t think, I am SO sick of this constant rejection. I get it, no one has to let me in, so there is no community, there is no actual society, it’s just people and taxes and a bunch of lies. Everyone lies. Therapists lie. Family doesn't care. No one around cares about anyone but the cool kids and I am most certainly as deemed by everyone around not cool enough to but anything but lied to and excluded and then mocked for "not being alive" as if I had a choice but YOU, YOU exclude me because your parties, your conversations, your love, your happiness is better without me. Everyone is better without me.

I found out this weekend that my entire life was a waste because no one will ever let me in. That what I want most people do often, but they won’t invite me, they won’t touch me, they won’t kiss me, or love me, or hang out with me, or even tell the truth to me. They don’t have to, but the envy, the resentment, is too much. It’s not fair, they pretend to be positive, to be forward-minded, but then they let you rot in the cold. I am sick of freezing to death. I am sick of being excluded. I am sick of not being touched. I am sick of not being good enough for anyone. I am sick of being alive

So this is my destiny to be lied to. To be hated, to be excluded, to be without dopamine, to be without life itself because other humans say so. An exile to die at his own hand, as chosen by all around, one-by-one. Yesterday was the day I finally found my destiny, thank you everyone for finally showing me how much you truly hate people like me, who want to be part of your scene, who think we could contribute, but you all know best, you know how to best make people like me envious, to make us writhe in bed from agony and isolation and lack of release. You know how to make torture and death seem enviable, thank you, thank you, thank you. Thank you for not including me, for pretending to be about community and then leaving people like me to die.

Why do some of us have to kill ourselves? Why will no one let us in? Why do I have to kill myself?  Why do I have to kill myself? Why will no one let me in? Why do I have to kill myself? It’s clear I will never be let in, why do we pretend to be a civilization if at the end of the day so many like me have to kill ourselves because you won’t let us in, you just like to brag to make us going insane from what you know we want most so you withhold as if to break our brains.