Suicidal, pregnant, don’t know how to fix myself
To be honest I just feel like I am a curse for everyone around me and everything I do I mess up.I have never in my conscious memory not felt like the world would be better off without me even as a child. Even my mom told me I was proof she was born to suffer in life. 

I have spent my whole life setting goals for myself like “if I can just make honor roll I will feel my life has value” or “if I volunteer every week I will be worth it” but nothing ever worked and often times backfired and made things worse. 
For instance, I thought if I went for varsity volleyball in high school the exercise and structure would help me, but a freak injury led to reconstructive spinal surgery and chronic pain for the rest of my life. 

I threw myself into more and more to try to keep myself to busy to think about how miserable I am but it eventually caught up to me. I  had a nervous breakdown while going for two masters degrees and a certificate at once, while working two jobs. 
After that I spent almost two years trying different medications and therapies and therapists and nothing helps. Collectively across them all I was given a mountain of changing diagnoses- OCD PTSD SPD SAD GAD. On their recommendation I took a year off school and dropped down to one part time job. It didn’t help. I dropped out of school and switched fields hoping for relief. I didn’t find any. 

Lately my life has spiraled and gotten worse and worse. Despite attempting to be 100% sexually responsible, I recently discovered I was pregnant. 
While at an appointment confirming my pregnancy, my doctor raised concerns about my thyroid and I am actively waiting to find out if I have thyroid cancer. 
Two days after that news, my husband abruptly lost his well-paying job. I am frantically scrambling to find something and despite all my hard work for years into multiple health degrees and certifications I can’t find anything for myself that is not part time or entry level which is very frustrating.  My husband is also struggling to find work, and our health insurance was through his work and runs out this month.

I broke down and told him if I wasn’t pregnant I think I would probably finally just kill myself and he told me that now I have something to live for and said maybe  it’s just my hormones and everything will work out and maybe I’ll feel better once things are better and sort of just... didn’t hear me.
I feel like nobody has been listening for a really long time. 

I tried to drive to a park to calm down but it was boiling hot out so I decided to leave and the car wouldn’t start. I totally snapped and started hysterically laughing and couldn’t stop, like I just completely lost my mind sitting in this boiling hot car that’s never once had trouble before. 

I think it would be horrible to kill myself while pregnant but also horrible to have a baby and then kill myself. I don’t feel like having a baby is enough to make me want live and even if it was it feels like too much to put on the shoulders of a child. 
I have no idea what to do. It just feels like I have no control over my body or my mind or my life. 

Deep down I don’t really want to die, I really want to be normal for my family. I want to be someone else. But I can’t just wake up and not be miserable, and I’m just at my mind-breaking limit of what I can deal with. I don’t know what to do, I just know I’m exhausted and don’t really want to live anymore.