I've spent the last 6 years living a lie and I just want to end it all.Hey, my name is Beau and I've never posted on here before but I don't think I can keep all my pain I  anymore. I feel like I should start much earlier than 6 years ago so here I go.

When i was 3 years old I was diagnosed with a brain tumour. I spent 2 years in and out of hospital, I didn't even know what was happening all I knew was that my parents were letting these scary people in white jackets take me away and put me to sleep. I would scream and scream at my parents while the doctors dragged me away. I think this is where I first felt that I couldn't trust people and that I was completely alone. 
I got better after that and went to a nice school, it seemed like everything was fine. I made some great friends I still know very well today and I seemed to be adjusting well even though I joined school late.
Then I turned 8 and everything fell apart again, I got another brain tumour and this time I was older and wiser and so was more fearful than the time before. I knew what was happening and I didn't want to die. I won't go on about it again but obviously I survived but it left me with some complication. My pituitary gland had been damaged by Chemotherapy and so I couldn't go through pubity unless I had the help of synthesized growth hormones which I had to inject into my stomach every night for about 8 years. They worked pretty well though. I would never have grown an inch and I'd still be the height I was at 10 years old but I'm 5'9 which is fine with me. 
There was one problem though, I felt that my head was quite a bit out of proportion with the rest of my body because the growth hormones I was given were only experimental. I was bullied a lot at school for looking weird and it hurt my confidence quite a bit but I never spoke to anyone about it. Then I went to college and got to 're invent myself and it was great for about a year that then you realise you can't really change what you look like and even though everyone liked me I still got bullied by a few people but the thing that really bothered me was that none of the girls I liked wanted to go out with me. Well I know that obviously not everyone is going to fall head over heels for you but it actually feels a lot worse than being bullied because the people who are rejected you aren't bad people. They're good people, they don't bully you for how you look but they understand the bullying and thus don't find you attractive for the same reasons the bullies bully you.

Now let's get to the title.
I've spent the last 6 years living with a girl that I've been In love with for about 5 of those years. We've had an incredibly strange relationship. We were never going out. We never had sex. We never kissed. It's wasn't romantic for her. But we did spend all day sometimes lying in bed hugging and kissing each other anywhere but the lips. I was extremely confused because i told her I liked her but she said she didn't want to ruin our friendship. We've spent almodt every day together for the last 6 years. Im not a person anymore, I've lost my identity. Fast forward to now. She's decided she doesnt want to live with me anymore so she can go out with another guy. One that she wants to be with, he's taller , stronger and hotter than me. You can read the jealousy in my writing but she is my world and we've been together for so long that to me she was my other half. Now I'm alone. I'm having to move back to my parent and I actually just want to kill myself. The saddest thing is she doesn't even seem to miss me which lowers my self esteem two fold. I think the main reason I'm sad and she isn't is that I know that the time I spent with her even though she didn't love and never wanted to be intimate with me was still the best I could ever expect for myself. I'll be alone now for the rest of my life but she is beautiful and so will be fine. She find the things I gave her and more from her new boyfriend. 
I don't know what to do, should I just kill myself if the best time of my life is over now? I need some advice from people who won't sugar coat it.