Advice?I have typed this out more than 5 times and deleted it, I always end up writing 20 or so pages, bit too long I think, but this is as small as I can make it without making it dot points. also venting just a little bit :)  
If it's too long just skip to the last 2 bottom paragraph.

Bit of backstory.  


I started getting depression around December last year, and I am pretty positive I know the reasons.  


A lot of things happend in December and January, My grandfather got Brain cancer, right after that my Mother started fighting with my dad, and it was bad. Lots of yelling, degrading, embarrassing him in front of members of the family, for example, she started screaming, loud enough so around 4 houses can hear, about how his penis doesn't work properly and listed all the problems. Now, I'm pretty sure no one, man or woman wants there personal problems to be screamed out so everyone can hear, so that made me extremely mad... Every single day I would wake up to screaming, 6-10 am, I honestly was about to go into emergency housing cause it was making my mental health go wild. and then my girlfriend broke up with me, my fault, i fucked up big time but it still made me pretty depressed, and then we also got evicted from our house... This point in my life was the worst I have ever felt, I grew up to be a man and suck it up, I tried to do that for so long, and of course, I had a phone at the time, so I looked up on social. Everywhere I looked it said I needed to talk to someone. So, I did, so every time I was having a mental breakdown I would call one of my best friends, she is also depressed so that kind of gave me some comfort knowing she knows how I feel, didn't really work but i tried anyway.  


Time passes, I never got over my ex, my mental health stopped fluctuating and I kinda just stayed depressed, I couldn't distract myself anymore. At the point in time, I jumped off a building, roof of a 3 story. I was stupid and thought that it would kill me, a lot of people say they regretted right after they jumped, not me. I survived, I hit one of the overhangs that I was meant to jump over and rolled onto the ground, couple bruises and cuts, not even a broken bone. did have to limp home though.  


In March (this year) my ex was doing so much better with her anxiety (that I caused), we began to talk and got back together, we were great and I actually wasn't depressed, I didn't really notice till 3-4 months after we started dating again  
but I was happy, I kinda forgot what it felt to constantly smile, doesn't matter if I was alone, I just smile.   


My Grandfather Passed away on fathers day, and a few months later my girlfriend broke up with me again.

It honestly was so much more painful splitting this time, cause I really felt like me and my ex were getting along.

Like last time the first few days were fine, but then I got back into how I use to feel, and I know now that I'm not scared to jump, and next time I get the urge to jump I will, and this time It won't be a 3 story roof. I don't know if it will be today or in a week but I will for sure. I have been self-harming, I have never done this... And I don't do those small cuts or cuts at all, I'm 6'1 and weigh 100kg (220 lbs) and a lot of that is muscle, I don't go to school and only leave my room twice a day, once in the morning to go to the toilet and once at night, get food. I punch with full power every part of my body, I never bruise unless i do it multiball times. so it's perfect so no one finds out, I mainly punch my temple, jaw and chest. I got to the point where I couldn't eat food for a couple of days cause my jaw would be in so much pain, but I did it anyway, and still do... I can fight the urges to do it, but its when I least expect then is when I do it, for example, I would die in a video game, punch my head in and so on.  


I honestly don't know what's wrong with me, I think I have a mix of sad, mad and being insane   
But anything will help, I live in Australia and have medicare so everything here is free, but the public Psychologists are trash and i would have to pay for a private one with a good Psychologists, feel free to ask questions and I will answer them, go to the moon and back I can handle any question, and I doubt someone can say something over the internet that would make me more depressed or want to kill myself.. SO, don't hold back. i want to be happy again and i only have a certain amount of time before i get the urge to, and who knows maybe i can fight the urge off...