When my kitten dies, I will probably kill myselfI adopted a kitten named Juniper in the Spring (earlier months) of this year. She's already been with me for almost 9 months, and soon she will be a year old. I'd never owned a pet before her, minus a few fish that I barely remember, and I can say with absolute certainty that this four-legged creature is the love of my life.

I know that Juniper is barely 11 months old as of right now, not even a full year, but I love everything about her, and she has seriously helped me so much with my anxiety, depression, ocd, and phobia disorders. She is the best thing that has ever happened to me, and I am genuinely so lucky that I happened to swing by the local shelter when she was available for adoption.

However, I do know this -- if anything happened to Juniper, and when she dies, if it is before me, I will want to die. Currently, she has fleas (roommate's fault for randomly adopting a cat that also had fleas from outside), and the fact that it is painful and unpleasant for her already makes me cry. While I am singlehandedly getting rid of both cats' fleas, I realized that if anything happened to my sweet baby girl, I would kill myself.

Juniper is the most amazing kitty I've ever met. I never even liked cats before her, minus one, and she has such a unique and incredibly personality. I know that most pet owners probably feel like this, but Juniper is so amazing and unique and I love everything about her. The mere thought of her someday passing already makes me feel sick and upset and I know that, logistically, she might die before me. If she does, I seriously do not think I will have anything left keeping me alive. I know all the spiels; "there are so many other cats needing homes; get another one!" or "healing takes time, you will be a different person once your cat is grown" and all of that, but I seriously cannot imagine a world without Juniper already, and I just know that if/when she dies before me, I would want to join her. I love her with all my heart and she is the reason that I am alive today.

I guess this is just a rant of sorts. I'm sorry for the jumbled text; Juniper is currently sleeping at my feet and I got overwhelmed with emotion and felt it was the right time to post this, which has been in my head for days now.