I was fine for over 10 years and now it comes back.I'm not sure how long this post will be or if I will put everything into it. I have been fine for over 10 years, but now the darkness is creeping back into my mind. I turn 34 in two days and thought everything was going well, but for the past six months everything in my life feels useless and pointless. I have graduated with a BS in civil engineering and am currently back in school for my MS. Although, because of these feelings, I'm almost certain that I will fail this semester. I haven't failed a class since high school. The worst part is that the enjoyment out of learning I used to feel is now gone. It feels like a burden and the "smarter" I become, the more unhappy I become.

I lost my dad when in 1999. There isn't a day that I don't miss him even though at times I hated him. I watched him die from suffocation caused by fluid build up in his torso. He made the choice of letting the fluid build up to the point where it would kill him. I watched him gasp for his last breath and a sliver of saliva slide down his chin. It haunts me and I know how precious life is, but I don't feel like my life is precious. I fear the death of those I love, but I don't fear my own. Sometimes I feel like this is where it all went wrong, but there is so much more.

I have lost a strong grip on reality. I have no idea what is real and go so far as to try and convince myself that I am imagining everything around me. I have it in my mind that when I go to sleep at night, I die and wake up in another reality. A hell of life to be repeated. I have convinced myself that everything around me is just the chemical reactions in my brain, so I can never be sure what is real and what is fake. If I am talking with someone, I imagine myself talking to thin air and people staring at me like I'm crazy. This is a very painful thought since I can't be sure if anything around me is real or just a figment of my imagination.

I'm becoming increasingly anti-social because of this. It has gotten to the point where I am afraid to leave my home. I physically get sick thinking about having to leave. The anxiety of leaving is crippling. I feel safe in my home, but safe is relative, since the dark thoughts still plague me. 

I leave my home for two things. To take my dogs outside to go potty and for classes when I can muster up the strength to go to classes, but lately, all I can do is lay on my couch. I have the television on but I'm staring at nothing. I can't follow anything I watch, nor do I have the energy to try and comprehend it. 

I dream of love and wake up miserable. I wish for nightmares because at least those I welcome the alarm clock. I feel so absolutely in love in my dreams that it hurts to wake from the dreams. I would love to find a girlfriend that is extroverted that would be able to get me out of this rut I feel like I am in, but I can't even talk to anyone. I have a deep fear that if I ask a gal out on a date (I don't even know how to do this truthfully), they will assume I'm stalking them. This is caused by my working in a retail chain where girls and women would come and talk to me about all their "stalkers." So, now I have a fear of being labelled a stalker. 

I still love a girl I haven't spoken to in five years. This was trying to reconnect to her since we had originally stopped talking over 10 years ago. She was 17 and I was 21. I often believe now that she just thought I was a pedophile. She was so very far away, but I felt like we had the only real connection I've ever felt with another woman. She was a mistress, and when the time came to choose, I made the wrong choice. I wish I would have picked her, because at least if that relationship would have died, I wouldn't have this regret. The worst of this is, I think I've idealized this into something that it wasn't, but I still think of her. I wish I could stop.

There are 3 things that are keeping me alive. My mother and my two dogs. The worst part is I have been asking people if they would take care of my dogs for me if anything "god forbid" would happen to me. My dogs are the only thing I have loved in the past 10 years that I felt loved me back unconditionally other than my mother. I love my mother very much, but her health is deteriorating. I know if I don't get my shit together before she dies, I will kill myself the same day. I have told her this, but I don't anymore because it makes her worry more than she needs too worry. 

 I have tried to talk to friends and family but it winds up me getting angry because I don't feel like they are listening to me. They tell me to find god or "suck it up". They tell me to take a walk or smile. They tell me not to worry. I ask them how and I never get a response. I feel like there is absolutely no purpose to anything. I feel like I'm afloat in an ocean. I feel alone. 

I've tried to find god, but everything I have read about religion leaves a bad taste in my mouth. I never asked to be born and yet I'm damned to hell. If I go the reincarnation route, if I'm not good enough, I am reborn to suffer this again until I learn my lesson. Even if I somehow make it to heaven, and there is a hell, how could I be happy there knowing people I love could be in hell? It seems easier to believe in nothing, at least nothing is fair.

I have a degree in something I wasn't able to find a career in now. I have student debt beyond what I should have gotten myself into. I don't want to do engineering anymore because I don't want to work more than 40 hours a week (I don't even want to work 40 hours a week), because I feel like I would be robbing valuable time away from those I love. Except I have no one around me but my dogs, but that is bad enough since I don't want to leave them alone. 

I am on medication, but I honestly think it makes me worse. The only thing that helps is the anti-anxiety medication, but I feel like it doesn't last long enough. I have ADHD really bad as well, which doesn't work anymore either. Either the dose is wrong or it is fucking with my brain and causing off of this darkness, but I've been on it for over 3 years and it never has caused problems before. I was just recently put on prozac and an anti-anxiety medication. It has been close to 3 weeks and the prozac doesn't feel like it is doing anything and I have used up all of my anti-anxiety meds for the month (I didn't abuse, I used as directed, but still went through them faster than I suppose they thought I was going to go through them).

I will be speaking with a psychologist and will probably print this out so he can read it. I don't know if this is where this belongs, but considering I wish when I go to sleep at night that I would never wake up again, I found this more appropriate. I just want to feel like I used to feel. I want to enjoy the things I enjoyed. I want to feel normal. I want to feel smart again. 

I want to care about the things around me again. 


