I'm a narcissistic fuck [trigger warning, and wall of text]I need to be happy and strong and know what I want. I’m not going to sit around begging for someone to come love me just because I apparently can’t love myself all the time. I’m sick of it. I’m sick of someone telling me that I’m the grey clouds, I’m sick of someone telling me that I’m the negative one, I’m trying to help I’m trying to fix shit and it just doesn’t fucking work. Why? Because I am not doing it right. Love isn’t easy. I don’t react right. I don’t do this right. I don’t do that right. Well you know what? Fuck that. Fuck feeling like I’m inferior. Fuck it. Why do I always have to be the one to swallow my goddamn ego and pride and say I AM SORRY just to have him be distant? FUCK THAT. FUCK THIS. I hate even being in this house right now. He doesn’t make me happy. I know he can make me happy and I’ve told him how: GIVE ME LOVE AND MAKE ME FEEL SPECIAL AND GIVE ME ATTENTION. That’s it! I always feel like I’m giving and giving and giving and I know I haven’t been the greatest girlfriend but if someone can’t love me- excuse me- love ALL OF ME- then he doesn’t deserve me at my greatest. Fuck. That. FUCK THAT. I’M GODDAMN TIRED OF IT. I’M SO DAMN SICK OF IT. I’M SICK OF IT. I’M SICK OF TRYING. I’M SICK OF FEELING PATHETIC. I will love you IF you aren't negative. "I don't want to be scared of you at 40 snapping at me."

He told me he just feels like he needs to escape when I'm like that. I tell him that I know I need to try and stop being negative, like now how we are communicating, and try to help you out of escaping so you can help me. Don't you see? You don't, do you? It's a cycle- we just need to help each other break out of the cycle! But you can't meet me halfway and tell me "It's going to be okay" when I'm in a bad mood. Why can't you?

Why can't I live without a fucking man in my life? What are all these masks that people wear? I'm tired of it. I'm tired of small talk. I'm tired of two-faced people. I can't function in daily life anymore, the way that I detach from reality, the way that I see through facades, the way that I've completely disassociated. I feel fake when I'm playing housewife, other times I'm fine. I'm tired of working a job I can't stand because they're paying for my school. I work 28-30 hours a week at two jobs, grocery shop, cook, clean, laundry, yard work, garden, and I was telling him I need help and he says he pays for 90% of the bills! I told him that we both feel under-appreciated and both need to help each other stay motivated he said he needs space. 

There is no fucking use of posting this on a reddit forum. I need to talk to someone that is an addict, someone that is depressed, I don't know, I've been reading memoirs about addicts and bipolar and BPD and anorexia so I can feel like someone can understand me, and I tell him: can't you see the progress I've made? He can't. He won't. I want someone to love me, even when I'm my ugliest. But apparently since I don't, it's impossible for anyone else to.




For the first time last night, I was scared of myself. Of what I could do to myself. I could *method of suicide*. My sister is my beneficiary, but there's only 2k in there, I have 10k in student loans, I can't make my parents pay for that, that's my problem, I need to escape and drink, I can't I'm sober, and the only thing that helps me be calm sometimes is *methods of suicide*, is picturing me LEAVING SOMEHOW so I can just get away, but that would be pathetic anyway, so I'll just stay numb. And then I try not to, and then I feel fake. And then I'm happy for real, or I think I am, and then I'm not getting love, and then I feel sad, and then I'm the negative black clouds, and then he leaves me, and then I'm fucked and the whole cycle starts again because I can't get myself out of it, and he's sick of trying, or can't anymore, I don't fucking know. I’m tired of it. Why is it always my fault, huh? WHAT THE GODDAMN FUCK- IS THERE ANYONE ELSE OUT THERE WHO ACTUALLY FUCKING GETS IT?


