I feel trapped.I'm 24 and I've been consistently depressed since middle school. I've been hired to work at three different places in the past and quit every one of them almost immediately because I panic and get swallowed up by depression. I'm currently on my fourth attempt at a normal life, but I know I'll quit this job too.

I've been trying to learn how to drive with my dad. I just can't get used to it. It's harder for me to retain information these days.

I've always had a hard time going out for any sort of social activities, and now I don't have anyone in town left to hang out with. They all moved out of this small Midwestern town years ago. Yet I still live with my parents.

I almost moved out a week and a half ago. Had a job interview with Walmart, and was going to move in with a friend. But then I started panicking and feeling sick. I balled my eyes out like a child. I nearly killed myself that day.

I can't even sleep properly. Never could. I always take about two hours to get to sleep, and then I wake up too early. I took 300mg of Diphenhydramine last night and it still took me two hours to fall asleep. I woke up three hours earlier than planned. Five hours of sleep with 300mg of sleep-aid.

Now I'm sitting here shaking and sweating. I feel cold and nauseated, because I have to go to my new job at a grocery store deli in less than three hours. The thought of doing this five days a week, every week makes me want to throw up.

I thought about trying to collect disability, but I'm horrified I won't be considered qualified. And even if I am, I don't have any health insurance or money to have a doctor diagnose me. I also don't even know how to go about doing any of this. Our town is a shit hole with only two clinics; Neither of which are mental health clinics.

Even a prescription for anti-depressants or something of the like would be welcome, but I can't afford anything.

I wish I could be normal. Move out, find a girl, get married, and have kids. Unfortunately, all of that seems impossible for someone like me. It'd be easier to just die.

Give me advice, please. Help me find something to fill all this emptiness and gut-wrenching self-loathing.