My friend committed suicide the other day.My friend was a really great guy. He had a lot of really close friends who loved him a lot, and he had an amazing girlfriend who he loved more than anything. He was really into photography and he was great at it too. He had nothing but support from all of his friends and family. He was depressed, I guess that kind of answers the question of why, but it just doesn't seem like enough for me. He had just started getting help and taking medications, he seemed a lot happier than he did earlier in the school year. Maybe that's because he had already decided. The last day we saw him, it was the last day of exams. He showed up. He wasn't moping around, he wasn't doing anything out of the ordinary. He was joking around, acting silly. Just being regular, good old Martin. He even had plans to hang out with his girlfriend the next day.

The last time I saw him at school, we were all joking around. When he left there was no special goodbye, I don't even remember him saying goodbye at all. I messaged him a joke on facebook later that day, and he messaged me back one-upping my joke. The last thing he said to me was over facebook, he said "1080snortithomo". No goodbye, just a joke. Then he disappeared. His girlfriend messaged me late in the night asking if I had seen him. I tried texting him to no avail, and then the next day I got the news. He didn't leave a note. He didn't call or text anyone. He just did it. No signs. No cries for help. A world of promise and support lined up for him. And he just did it. The only thing I can think of that would've been a sign would be that he reconciled with an old friend of his that he had drifted apart from last year. They worked on a final project together and he was over at her house nearly every day.

He kept telling me how excited he was about the new season of Breaking Bad. He had finally gotten a Zippo lighter. He was getting his homework done and handing it in, even in the classes he hated. He wanted so badly to go to Paris. He loved her to death.

I am so mad and confused because I don't understand why he would do this her. After she messaged me I assumed the worst, he's depressed and I've been worried about him since September. The thing that comforted me was thinking "He loves her too much, he would never do anything stupid". I'm not doubting that he loved her, I'm just wondering why he did that to her. 