(Asked to cross post so i will but pretty dead set) While answering the wife whos mad at husband for making plans when her surprise party got cancelled i thought i should share it as a warning to those seeing early red flags but march forward. Stay safe and dont fall in love with just anyone.You are such a horrible self centered person... his birthday... didnt tell him or even warn him, then get mad at him for things not going your way, then make a low key complaint about how the people you invited didnt go and you didnt even include his friends HE chose to spend his bday with... like as a wife how do you not know the people he would want to spend his day with? And again flip it on him and get mad he doesnt want the same people as you... why did all of "his" friends cancel on his bday when they were already available that day for him? Then on his birthday you resting bitch face him and intentionally be a sour puss on his birthday cause you didnt get your way and you dont like mma? And the worst is having the nerve to justify all your shitty behaviour by using the pms excuse.. like come on its not the 50s. You come across so spoiled and he thanked you for being bitch but letting him go thru with his own plans... fucking toxic relatiomship and he fucking loves you and puts up with it... Sorry but i just got ended 6 years of a relationship with someone i swear was you her self if not married..and me loving her and being the type to just let things go on top of you/her making everything into a giant fucking drama filled marathon where pleasing you/her is dam near impossible. Get into disagreement... i yell cause im mad cause shes yelling at me. Get told im to aggressive and hurt her feelings cause a man shouldnt yell and be able to take it. So i stopped yelling in fights and stayed silient and got told i didnt care. She kept attacking my man hood thru whole relationship and since yelling and staying silient/trying to walk away for a second to calm down is unacceptable i broke down and cried during a fight out of shear frustration since thats her goto and thought she will finally understand and got told "you look such like a little bitch when you cry" why cant you act like a man?" Icing on the cake? She cheated on me with coworker who only texted her late around1-3 am when doing coke and drinking to fuck but she shouldnt tell anyone. He was embarassed people would know and she thought she was the shit. And told me its a mature relationship. Oh i went thru drug problem before this and she said me using discusted with me.. i was clean over a year, worked out regularly but yet coke head drunk fuck was hot still.. the truth was his giant dick helped her overlook most things and made her back the default position... my dick is 7 inches.. i know its only average but she literally told me it was mezmerizing and it hurt at first when apologising and asking me back cause he ignored her and wouldnt date... then a series of me taking her back followed by her cheating, leaving and fucking her friends while lying then admitting it to leave me for a week then rinse repeat... now shes the mother of my child we dont get along im a fucking masocist cause i love her to death even though she literally crippled me with mental pain and heart break and when i couldnt deal with it all and act like nothing happened or ever let it effect my opinion or trust of her she left me turned her nose up to my pain, belittles me and is now just fucking people for fun while telling me to be a better dad.i just want her back and be a family and be with my daughter but will never happen... i get her one day every 2 weeks and my biggest fear is she wont remember me or love me I actually a wrote a suicide note, got everything in order and left the house today with no intentions of going back... i actually am so confused sitting in mc ds thinking about best way to do it.. iv drug use is top of list to make it a quick rush of pleasure and end in eturnal slumber.. because why end it being sobor? So to wrap it all back up... chill out, take a step back and think about your anger and if it makes sense and know he loves you. Oh and dont leave him on his bday 2 years in a row to fuck a coworker who called her a hoe and dumb as fuck but still the magic dick power... Idk enjoy your life people. Im checking out soon. Soon as i can man the fuck up and not be such a bitch. Tl;dr loved someone with asburgers(sic?) Who i swear never was caught cause shes a female and pretty sure my life is ruined and will only be misery and me mot being able to mentally take it all and function as an adult now , i also will ruin my daughter by being a shitty dad adding to my depression and final conclusion to just step aside and let life game over and see whats next. And wanted to warn others what little things can turn into.