2 weeks ago on my 19th birthday, i went to sleep with a plastic bag over my head after eating half a bottle of xanax because nothing makes any sense to me.i am still unclear as to how i ended up in hospital and what went wrong, all i know is my dad saved me.

When i was 9-12 i use to have a reoccurring dream that went over my head at the time. I would watch myself from a third person perspective sit in front of one of those old box TVs  watching the tv static, not being aware of anything else. as i watched myself from an out of body perspective, i would sometimes freak out and try to scream at myself and try to understand why i was unaware of anything outside of the TV static. My last time having this dream, i remember something stopping me from trying to snap myself out of this zombie state. This was a calm feeling telling me that it is impossible for me to stop watching the static on the tv, because i am apart of the tv. i then got realizations that this whole life thing is just apart of some sort of box and there are things happening outside this box that our brains cannot come close to processing. i remember waking up completely mind fucked and still to this day believe there is so much more going on in this thing than our brains can comprehend. For 7 years now it completely boggles me how people can live like sheep, i really feel that people dont think for themselves. how can people wake up every day knowing they are apart of some pointless scandle? Humans turned this mysterious wonder into some sort of game to benefit people with money/power . Rich people get richer by paying poor people crumbs so they can work till they're 71 just so they can put food on the table. The poor person is told they should be grateful for there job even though they can and will be replaced with ease. there are homeless kids halfway across the planet who are scratching their eyes out because they haven't ate in weeks. people who run our world are born into money and as long as everyone is going with the flow, things will be "fine". The worst part is it doesn't even matter, we were given Goldilocks condition to paint our own picture so this corrupt world simply is what it is. all i have known my whole life is that i would rather die than be alive in this shit.