I don't really know what to title this..?Hey everyone. I just recently discovered SW, thought it might be a nice place to vent, to be able to tell someone what has been running through my head for...As long as I can remember, really. Due to the information on here, I'm obviously using a secondary account, that I will solely be using for SW.

I'll go chronologically, ending with my current thoughts.

When I was younger (about five or six, I'm nineteen now, twenty next month actually), I was abused by my birth father. This was both physical and mental. I was punched by him, slammed into a wall head-first, deprived of food, as well as mocked, and generally talked down upon. This happened the entirety of the time I talked with my birth-father.
At some point, my paternal grandmother took me into the basement of her business (She was a mortician) this led to chronic nightmares that sometime extend into today.
My mother divorced my birth-father after meeting another man, and remarried. I of course went through the usual 'what's happening to my family' syndrome, but it got worse after my mother then (when I was 9) got a boyfriend, on top of her husband, leading a three-person relationship.
That's when I first became suicidal and first started feeling depression.
I started feeling alienated from my family. Not long after this, my mother began mentally abusing me, as well as physically abusing me (though not as much as my birth father.) The worst was after a fight we had, and she had smacked me hard enough to send me to the floor, I was crying. She held her hand over my mouth. This wouldn't have been very bad, except that it is incredibly difficult for me to breathe through my nose. I was unable to breath at all.

This continued, but eventually began to settle.
Now, before I tell more, I'd like to mention the fact that I was homeschooled through my entirety of K-12. I had no social life outside of my house. No friends. This changed greatly when I was given a copy of Warcraft III and an internect connection from my mother's boyfriend, who I became more attached to than my stepfather. 
This was at the age of 13. I met many people through the game, and found it a great social tool.
I even met a girl on there, by accident really, lets call her Isabell
We became incredibly good friends, and started a long-distance relationship. I still remember the exact time: 9:46pm, February 9th, 2007. Overtime, I fell in love.
I know it's pitiful, considering it was long distance, but it was all I knew. She became my drive to become something, and not just rot in a computer chair. She needed help in math, so I fully caught up on algebra and geometry. I hadn't studied since I was 10...I learned everything I missed in 2 months. She told me she dug abs, so I started working on, ended up with a four-pack, and incredible core-strength. She was my hope. I knew I needed to get away from my family, and move away when I turned 18.
Then I found out she cut. I found this out when she left me. 
I tried it myself. I became addicted. I started cutting at least once a day. Soon, it turned to three or four times a day.
We finally settled our differences and started dating again. But I noticed I still cut. I never stopped. It felt too good to stop.
We went through a rough patch in our relationship, and I became suicidal. The things that happened during this time...Insomnia, depression, self-injury. I had stayed awake for four days straight. I was hallucinating. My mental state never fully recovered after that.

Once again, we settled things. Then, in the May of 2010, she ended it with me, after saying everything would be fine.
I did everything I could to stay happy. I found friends in the area. We hungout. I was 17 the first time I went to the movies with friends. I was so happy. I even kind of liked the girl I went to the movies with.
The next day, however, I found out that the day I was so happy, the girl I was so in love with (my ex-girlfriend) had fucked the guy I had helped her recover from (past abuse relationship.)
It broke me. I was completely calm, until I talked to my dad. I broke down crying, which I had never done before.
I came close, yet again, to killing myself. I told myself if I still felt like killing myself after calling the suicide hotline, I would. A knife, a bottle of wine, and a half a bottle of vicodin. 
Obviously, I didn't do it. Every day that I'm alive I thank myself that 'Brittney' was on the other end of that phone.

I eventually started to recover.
I became a hateful bastard, but it kept me strong. I started my GED classes after I turned eighteen, and even discovered a free Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu class. BJJ became my lifeblood. I became an athlete. My fellow fighters were my new family. It gave me an outlet for every bit of anger I held. Every suicidal thought bled forth from my muscles.
After a GED prep-class I met a girl, lets call her Rose, on the college campus (it was a university-funded project). I ended up with a crush on her, turns out she even liked me. 
Then I broke my ankle. Except the hospital said it was just a sprain. I never got the medical treatment I needed, and now I have a permanent injury. I've had ultrasound bone therapy, right before my insurance ran out, that helped ensure that it was a repeated break (my ankle was healing, then breaking again, then healing, then breaking.) but, let's go back to not long after the broken ankle.
I talked to Rose about possibly dating, she said she was actually trying to fix things with her ex-boyfriend.
I said it made sense, and if she needed anyone to talk to, she could talk to me.
Not long after that, she was dating a guy named Jon.
Enter: More depression. I talked to Isabell, seemed like she was happy with the dude she left me for.
More depression. More cutting.
I felt like blowing my brains out every day.
I stopped sleeping again.
There was a friend of mine, lets call her T. T was in a abusive relationship (or so I thought.)
I had no idea of self-worth anymore. I figured that I might as well help somebody before I kill myself.
I pulled her from her 'abusive' boyfriend. Seduced her, oddly enough.
Gave up one of the few things I valued in life: my virginity.
Turns out she was lying about the entire thing. I got out of the relationship, hating myself even more, after two months.

Rose and I started unofficially dating after that. Then, on January 3rd, she slept with her ex boyfriend. My insomnia came back.
We pushed past it. We weren't dating officially, so I tried to justify it. 
We started officially dating on February 3rd.
We're now engaged.
I found out she had cheated on me during Spring semester. She hid it from me.
She hid from me the fact she smoked pot, as well. (wouldn't have bothered me if she hadn't hid it, and if she wasn't trying to get a job as an EMT).

On top of this all, I suffer GAD, insomnia, depression, and a unique problem: I have incredibly good memory.
Every bad memory feels fresh, like it just happened.
I used to smoke 'legal', K2, Spice, BurningMan, all that stuff. It helped calm my anxiety for a few days after smoking a joint, it even silenced my memory problems.

Then that was made illegal.
I've been suffering insomnia more often. Hallucinating worse too. I don't want to live. I toy with the idea of going back to my parents' house to get my Mosin Nagant rifle, place the barrel between my teeth, and pull the trigger. I don't like living. I see the world, and it depresses me. I see so much idiocy. So many hateful bastards. I hate my life.
Sometimes I want to take a knife and vivisect one of my arms. 
I can't trust my fiancee, as she cheated on me.
My family lies to me.
I don't even have a bestfriend anymore, as he turned into an asshole. 
I just want to sleep, but I can't. When I do, I dream of my ex, Isabell. I want to be back with her, but I can't. I still love her, but I'm engaged to someone I don't think it will work out with.
I can't find peace in religion, I can't find it in sleep, I can't find it in friends or music. 

The things I've thought about doing to get structure or support in my life are looked down upon by those around me: Joining the Freemasons to get some support in my career (psychology, oh the irony), and to find people possibly like me. And joining the Army, as I feel like the structure, the routine, would keep me sane, but I don't know. 

I don't want to do. 
I'm sorry for rambling.
I'm sorry for everything, really.

EDIT: I forgot to mention, I stopped cutting from the time I started dating Rose to about a month and a half ago. I got drunk one night, hoping it would help me get to sleep, only to end up cutting in my depression.
It is my first cut to ever scar, and sits on my arm, reminding me how fucking useless I am.