Don't want to die but I don't think I can live anymoreHello. I suffer from panic disorder with agoraphobia. That means that I am so afraid of panic attacks that I have retreated from normal life. I can not go anywhere without having a severe panic attack. I cannot be left alone without having panic attacks. If there are other people in the house and I am here, then I am fine 90% of the time. It isn't much of a way to live though.

Unfortunately, I am completely alone in the house and will be until Monday. A friend was going to spend the weekend with me, but she bailed at the last minute. Boyfriend also did the same tonight, in favor of playing video games with a friend he doesn't get to see often, which hurt very much because he said he had my back. 

So for the last few hours I've been in a state of anxiety and have been feeling abandoned. I am tired of living like this. I've been working on trying to change it by making baby steps, and I have made progress. My latest success is that I can ride around in a car with only mild anxiety now. And telling everyone that this is a success is embarrassing, because I know people will look at it and think how pathetic to celebrate simply being able to ride in a car. It is shameful that I can't do things other people take for granted.

But while I'm trying to take baby steps, things keep happening and WILL keep happening that cause me great distress. And when this happens, I am too busy being fatigued by the big things to push myself to work on the small things so that I can get better again. Sometimes I feel positively traumatized by the experiences. So I feel like I will never be able to recover from this illness. 

And I do not feel that anyone is able to provide the love and support I need to get back to where I used to be. I feel like I am in this alone. I don't think anyone is willing to understand how soul-shattering and frightening it is to deal with this. I honestly think everyone is just tired of it. And I think that my death would probably be the best thing for everyone at this point. And that hurts so bad because I know, I KNOW if the tables were turned I would be there for them. In fact, my boyfriend DID have panic attacks for a short term and I WAS there for him. I think this has made him less sympathetic however. His were never to the point mine are, so he doesn't understand why I can't tell myself "It's just a panic attack." and push through it. 

I have tried medication but it has either not worked, or has fucked with my short-term memory so badly that I have trouble recalling what I did just hours prior. 

I feel abandoned. I feel hopeless. And I just don't feel I have the mental strength to get through this weekend and monday. I feel it is just too much to ask of me. I can't deal with the fear. I feel like I would rather die than go through this alone.
