I'm fucking done, everything hurtsI don't think writing this shit will do me any good but whatever. I have NO one to talk anything through with. No family no friends, no one who even remotely gives a shit. All those oh so fucking helopful opeople keep repeating "Just reach out! There IS help! People DO care!" yeah, classic bullshit people post to feel so fucking good about themselves. Such great fucking gentle souls my ass. Never ever in my entire life I've experienced ANY real help from anyone especially when I needed it the most. When I was a teen I watched my father die from cancer, EVERYONE was "there for me" but whenever I tried to reach suddenly I was a bother. So I stopped. Now then, I started to divide my everyday life into two parts. The days where I feel completely numb, it's somewhat pleasant at times. Not feeling a thing, having no energy for anything productive or pleasant, not feeling like anything. The days where I work like a fucking maniac just to try and prove myself I;m actually worth anything which is never enough and also to occupy my mind. And of course the days where everything hurts, mind cranked up to overdrive, heart racing, every muscle in my body cramped up for days and days. Everything is just pain,, no way to escape, no way to take the mind off and calm down. I'm tired of living like this, tired of feeling inferior to everyone and everything around. I'm tired of having to suppress every emotion, telling myself I'm not allowed so many things every normal healthy "worthy" person takes for granted like normal fucking happiness or feeling fulfilled. Weird thing is I really want everyone to just fuck off and leave me alone but on the other hand I crave just a little bit of someone's time to keep me company and help me figure out what the fuck is going on. To make the pain go away even for a while. Today my two friends invited me over for the night, I declined ofc even though I'm not sure I should have. I just ignored all the messages. Because the thing is I can't stand being around them. They're far better, more successful and important people than I can ever have any dream of becoming. I have absolutely NO business in being anywhere around them. I'm not worth it. Probably just gonna cut contact and that will be it. Neither they need to keep such a worthless sack of shit around or I need to be constantly hurt by having to see them be happy with their lives. I'm just tired of all this, just wanna take a handful of pills, wash them down with vodka and go to sleep hopefully forever. To scared to do it now but hopefully some day I'll be able to work up the courage end just stop existing. It would be the best scenario for me and everyone. No need to keep a waste of space and air around. I know for a fact that I will NOT hurt anyone by doing it. All the people I've ever called friends have their own lives, cliques and families. Let's be honest, It'll be like "Oh. That's a bummer, let's move on", someone's gonna crack a joke and that'll be it. So nothing to lose and no one to care that much. Made some preparations in case I ever feel ready enough. Sorry about blabbering about myself so much. I understand there are people on this sub and everywhere that have it worse and probably need real help but I just had to let everything out. I just want the pain to end, had enough I need a relief from all this, can't live like that any longer. I don't want to live. I don't want to have a conciousness anymore, wanna stop existing, it's too much. I'm fucking tired.