a rant about suicideidk who else to talk to so im coming on here and saying what I feel. My father died when I was 10, and the police told my family that is was a fatal car accident. 5 years ago (when I was 14), my grandpa was talking to my aunt and said that my dad committed suicide. I never believed that and honestly it really hurt that they thought that some who I respected and loved so much would just leave his wife and young kids. Growing up without a father, my mom would always tell my brother and I that giving up (aka suicide) is never an option, so I've always looked down upon it. Now im 19, I was looking at news articles that said officials believe my dad killed himself. News articles, obituaries,  and family members have all said it was suicide and I don't know how to feel about it. Im sorry, I loved my dad and he was so smart and hardworking, he immigrated to America to find a better life for my mom and himself. He also went to an ivy league in hope of becoming a practicing physician. I loved him so much and had so much respect for him. But now that everyone thinks he committed suicide, I decided to ask my mom about it. I normally do not like talking about my dad bc then whoever I talk to starts to pity me and I just don't like it. My mom said that it could have been a suicide or a car accident, no one knows. But I NEED to know, this was my dad wtf. After my dad died, my mom, who barely had a bachelors degree, was working full time to support my brother and I. She has worked so hard to keep a roof over my head and food on the table and I am SO grateful for it. idk if this is rude or insensitive, but I feel alone. I don't like talking about anything personal with my mom, becasue she always just ends up yelling at me to go study or something. I do not want to talk about this with my brother, because I am scared that he going to start acting different. Only my close friends know about my dad, and I just told them he died, and haven't told them anything else. I feel so alone and idk what to do. I fake being happy and mask my true emotions all the time, idk what else to do. idk what i am asking for by posting this, but i just wanted to get that all out