Why try if your always the worse out of everyone ? I don't know how to rebuild and believe in myselfIt's just a joke how comparing yourself to other people, how I'm not strong enough to make rugby and people in the gym always has double or triple the weights of what I'm doing. Or how I'm not academically capable of even passing let alone making competitive marks or having true friends


Then failing one subject that determines whether your graduating or not and not making the first grad list as a result 


Then having 5 girls in a row to reinforce the idea of how broken and pathetic you really are. Then they're better friends with other guys
Filling out scholarship forms but knowing that your marks are not even high enough for minimum let alone competitive averages for post secondary , how your a joke in not having a job or work experience or volunteer experience to compensate some scholarships. 

The feeling of not being good enough when I got rejected 5 times by girls. Not even being a fuck yeah or first choice to someone while other guys have it easy and have girls talk to themselves first.


Then not having the grades of making admission to university And having the jealousy of how people don't even invite me as friends and are just friends with me on xbox to kill time or not even being first choice for other activities. I don't even game that much anymore.


Then the girl I went for last time that rejected me for some other guy seems like she brushed me off , is it my fault ? Is it ever the guy on how much of a failure he is? The girls that rejected me are still friends afterwards but over the years drifted and doesn't even care.


I feel the jealousy of how I'm not really best friends with anyone or have that one girl like everyone else that are best friends with that you would take selfies with said person and post it everywhere. I hate how it seems like I'm not good enough and how this one guy is the best of friends with the girl I tried to go for back then.
Not sure what to do. Why are people always seems like they're better than me in girls looks gym anything. I just want to start over, wake up in 2008 where everything took a turn for the worse, use my knowledge on what I have now to make everything right and become the man I could have been. Make a move with that girl I asked advice on how I liked a girl but it was herself the whole time but she thought it was someone else. Then associate with the real friends that invited me out instead of brushing them off. Then not slack off start of high school knowing the full of consequences of just barely scraping by. 