I feel so lonelyI feel so lonely and I don't know why.

Since the last year of middle school (8th grade) I felt so lonely, so I started lying, to the others and to myself.

I started changing my interests, changing my way of thinking, changing my vocabulary, my way of interacting with others, losing completely myself, my personality.

I struggle trying to comprend who I am, couse I changed so much my personality that even I don't recognise myself anymore.

My grades started getting worse and worse, I even got to repeat a year, and all of this only to be accepted by others, to try to make some friends, but it turned out that all the friend I made this way just don't care of me, couse they know as my fake and indifferent about all personality.

I just feel so lonely when I'm with those people, and when I'm actually alone I just start to ask myself who I am, who I transformed me into.

I just miss the old myself, who I was, I miss not having to have a fake smile all the time, I miss studying for the tests and having great grades. 

If I try to study something now I just give up after two pages couse I feel worthless, I don't need to study couse I will suck anyways.

I lost all the confidence in my self, all the self-esteem I had, I can't do anything without that I'll suck at it, I have to di everything thinking if my "friends" would like it.

I'm only 16 and I'm too young to feel this way and I tried everything aside from drugs.

I tried to suicide, but the oy result was that most of the people I knew left me, using this as an excuse.

I tried to go to a therapist, but the only result I got was  that I had to start lying to her couse I didn't want to taje the antidepressants.

I tried to go and find some people with my same interests, but no one liked me and they excluded me from their groups.

I don't know what I'm doing wrong, If I'm the error, but I only know that I just wish I didn't exist.

Sorry for the english but I'm not from any country with it as a main language, and I am very agitated right now.