I think I've finally accepted myself.I have had depression for a long time, probably since 7th grade (im a junior in high school now). I have become the master of hiding it from people up until last year. I started getting into drugs and alcohol and sleeping with boys and tried to end my life on an OTC cocktail. I failed and when I broke down and came clean to my mom. she didn't do anything. She didn't really say anything either. She asked me why i was still here and I told her I got too scared (the truth is I ended up vomiting it all up) and I told her Ive been having suicidal thoughts for a long time. It took everything I had to tell he how I felt, I broke down crying and clung to her begging her to help me. She did nothing. Up until last year she had been my best friend and I could tell her everything. She ended up choosing her boyfriend over me and my brother. She pays most of her attention to her boyfriend and we barely talk. I came to her in hopes that maybe she would wake up and realize that I needed attention. I can't talk to my dad either bc I know he's struggling financially, we're not poor by any means but getting help in our financial situation is out of the question. I don't currently have a bad life, I think I have suppressed memories of abuse from my father or uncles but I'm not sure. I've been having suicidal thoughts for the past year and the whole aspect of going through with it seems so realistic it actually excites me. I believe that I wasn't supposed to be here. I know things that others don't and I've been described as having an old soul, I don't know if I believe in it or not but I know I wasn't supposed to be born. I think of how I wont hurt anymore and I'll be at peace. I think I've accepted this is how im going to be unless i make the best decision for myself, and killing myself is the best choice for me. Just as I started typing this, my mom texted me saying everybody is going to be out of the house for a few hours when I get home. I think I'm going to do it then. I'm sorry this turned  into an unorganized rant, I guess that's just another part of me I'll have to accept. This is how I think, this is how I live, this is how I write. I just, i don't know.