I'm lonely and I miss her... I just wanna talk to someone but dunno how..A year ago, I took a job that I could have easily gotten out of if I wanted to in February. I wanted to get out of the city since I knew I was gonna get laid off and there was nothing for me there.. I recently had broken up with my girlfriend and I swore to myself that I would stay single until I got settled with a new job. 

I was physically training and I was big into getting in shape... My buddies girlfriend called me and told me she was throwing a surprise birthday party for him. I didn't wanna go, I wanted to go swim, but he was my friend for a few years so even though I didn't wanna go, I went anyway. But I saw this girl that was just magnificent.. She was way outta my league.. Through high school I was always called fat and ugly so I didn't think I had a chance with this girl... She was beautiful... I wasn't scheduled to leave until september and It was March so I figured, why not try it. I told my pal and he set us up on a triple date. We hit it off... She wanted to make sure I wasnt just gonna play with her, so she made me do little challenges... Idk why I did them, but she seemed worth it. I had this feeling. She made me set up a Christmas tree as one of the challenges... told me how much the tree looked like crap... but she laughed the whole time and I still thought she was beautiful. 

I finished the tree and sat down next to her... we talked for about... 8 hours that night.. We started dating. One day I told her about my job and that I had to leave for it. However, family was still in the city so i'd be back and I wasnt leaving for September, but if she wanted me to stay I would. She told me she was perfectly fine with it... until a week later. She broke up with me... cried on the phone and broke up with me... but next time I saw her she acted like we were still together. I called my job and asked if I could leave as soon as possible. I didn't wanna be at home anymore so he moved it up to June. I was getting ready to leave.. and I told her and she cried more.. I left.. and after going on and off and back on with the relationship, September rolled around. She ignored me until I asked if she was still alive.. She proceded to tell me she had met someone else. 

This broke my heart... the girl I wanted to be with, the girl I offered to give up with job for, cheated on me... I picked up smoking during the time and was sitting out smoking in december with a few friends when I got a text message from her. A really long message about how she loved me, she didn't ever wanna hurt me... all this stuff.. I bought it and called her. 

We never slept together the whole time. I didn't want things to get complicated and I never pushed for it. If this is the girl I was meant to be with, I'd do it.... 

I was at work one time and I was outside smoking... (Where I work overlooks the ocean) and one of our cooks came and realized what I was thinking... she looked at me and just said "are you gonna do it?" "Thinkin about it... too many people that would be sad though... I couldn't hurt anyone like that, so I can't do it.." "you wouldn't know how anyone felt, you'd be gone" "well I dont wanna see my mom where i'd be going because she couldnt handle me goin away forever... so I just can't bring myself to jumping". 

I recently started talking to her to find out last week she had a one night stand... and this guy took her virginity... I never knew she was a virgin.. she forgot to tell me that part when we started dating and the year months and months we were together. This guy was more important to her than I ever was.. but now hes fucked up and shes coming back to me.. I cant listen to songs because it reminds me of her or see pictures or anything because it just brings me to seeing her face... she wants me to be her friend and I just cant do it...

I had so much planned for my future... I'm only 19.. and I tell myself everyday.. "Your just a kid... things will get better... you cant even drink yet and you'll meet more people as you get older and have a family and do what you really wanna do..." and im good for a few hours... til I start missing my family, my friends, and her. I just wanna go home but I cant. I'm up to my neck in debt caused by stupidity and I'm too young to hang out with friends from work. I'm lonely...

I'm not gonna hurt myself... Like I said I couldnt bring myself to it... but I dont wanna keep waking up depressed every morning.. I wish life was just more simple... I just wanna wake up and it be 5 years later. I just took a test and it says I'm pretty damn depressed. I know I need to go see a shrink and I realize im depressed... I dont need someone to tell me.. I hide it good enough in front of everyone else that they think im always happy... they always say, "idk why your always so damn hyper... your always in a great mood for some reason.." and really inside i'm torn up... Although people know I have a low self confidence level... I dont trust anyone and its hard for me to believe there is anyone out there and I just believe the kids from High School that said I was ugly... I know im not fat anymore though. Alot of people say im not, that im cute... but then why cant I build up the courage to meet new people... I dont even know how to going about that... do you guys have any tips or advice? please help me..