I just want a goodbye before I go and do it.Oh my goodness. Did actually mean that? o.o Only I'm the kind of person who bakes for her friends and asks them the question. "Have you smiled today?"

I thought my best friend from the age of 11 not being my female best friend anymore was my tipping point. They say that I am kind as kind can be, but when I said that "But I just lost my best friend because I talked too much in our conversation." and when they replied with "I don't want to get involved with them again. They were upset and I don't want to upset them again by explaining your side" I thought that that was my tipping point.

I thought when I asked my other best friends to be there for me when my other best friend left me, but they couldn't be there for me because they were "Not emotionally ready" to be there for me was my tipping point in life of mine.

I thought when I realized that my eldest sister didn't want me around her too much because "You're all sunshine with your personality. I am a crabby personality. I love you, but we can only see each other once a week" was my tipping point.  

I thought that "I did this for us babe!" Was my tipping point when they told me that my Ex best friend wasn't speaking to me because they told them on the side they told me secretly that they didn't care about me anymore. When in reality, they told my male best friend I didn't care about them anymore. I dumped them, by the way, to get married to my now fiance. (Still my best friend) Now Fiance.

I thought that my Uncle slowly dying with cancer but not now as of yet, was my tipping point. I also thought that my grandfather who died with alzheimer's was my tipping point. I also thought that other things were my tipping point. But I said to myself "If you come to your tipping point, just have a lot of insulin maybe 100 units of it, go into a diabetic coma from an extream Hypo and see if God decides to being you back from it or not.  

I thought my online best friend cancling all our times to meet up was my tipping point, when I put so much time to the side just for them to do... Well, absoloutely anything in the world! was my tipping point. 

The only reason I wasn't doing that, committing suicide after my tipping points was becase the bible says you cannot delete his creation without him choosing. And that my sister said to me that doing that would be selfish on my friends and Family if I did something like that. So I also did that for them. Because I felt bad about it if I did it. But I fell in depression yesterday, but now... Just numbness. No crying is leaving my face. No tears or what not. No sobbing or calling out gods name hoping he'll hear my prayers. But. No. My tipping point has now come. 

SO! God has to choose if I come back from a very low right about now! My tipping point was this forum. Not just you, but most of the people on here on this forum. I think my actuall tipping point was when that one person swore at me. The ball is in your part now. God of mine! Are you there God? It's Me Kelsie! ITS ME KELSIE! I have been SO GOOD TO YOU! Do I not pray to you EVERY SINGLE NIGHT? Yes, I DO! Please FORGIVE ME FOR WHAT I'M ABOUT TO DO! 

I hope to see you in another life! SO! 100-200 units of Insulin! Here I come! 

Bye for now Reddit!
Bye for now Family of mine!
Bye for now Friends of mine!
Bye for now pets of mine!
Bye bye for now everyone on this earth!  