"This is not who I've become, but what you've made me into"I have a history of mood/anxiety/personality disorders (depression, symptoms of bi polar, GAD, OCD, and borderline personality disorder. Also delusions/paranoia brought on by stress, supposedly.) A year and a half ago, I tried to kill myself. 

Last summer, I had a breakdown while visiting family and was convinced everyone I knew were conspiring against me by dropping subtle hints of my being monitored in order to get me to kill myself. I didn't talk to any of my close friends for a month after that. 

Eventually I got on antipsychotics and anti-anxiety meds, and started to feel better. My year off from college was over, and I decided to enroll at community college. Things were going great. Eventually, I even got back together with my then ex-gf, and we are good now. I have two jobs, a beautiful girlfriend, close friends and family...

Yet I want to end it all.

I know life is a war, filled with smaller battles we have to overcome in our everyday lives. Sometimes we don't overcome them, but we trudge along because that is our instinct - to keep fighting, keep surviving.

But I don't want to fight anymore.

I have a feeling my girlfriend wants to break up with me, for whatever reason(s). 90% of the people I considered "good friends" don't talk to me, or don't respond when I reach out to them. Literally none of the friends I had in high school talk to me (I'm 20). I don't know what I may have done, and that's the worst part. No one is honest enough to call me out on whatever I'm doing. I feel like anything I do, I fuck something up. I feel guilty over things I haven't done, just because I think people are accusing me.

I can't trust my view on reality, nor do I trust anyone elses. I constantly feel watched, and judged. I'm afraid of losing my girlfriend and my friends, if it isn't already happening.

I need to kill myself. I don't want to live like this anymore. I don't want to burden anymore people.

I can't tell my friends or girlfriend or my parents how I feel, because they become upset with me, and tell me to snap out of it. I have no one to turn to. 

I don't know when I'll do it...I'll probably do it by jumping off a bridge.

I'm sure those watching me can read all this, and I hope they have a good last laugh at my expense.  You've won. I don't want to go, but I can't say here anymore.

You, the one reading this(if anyone is reading this): I hope you have a great life, live life the way you choose to. I hope you are loved, and give love. I guess I have nothing more to say. 

Sorry about this.
