Suicide feels like a much more real option again.I've never stopped being suicidal really. I don't think a day has passed in the last 13 or so years that I haven't thought of killing myself. However, in the last couple years I've kind of just given up the thought. After a few close attempts I've realized I just don't have the willpower to overcome my basal animalistic urge to not die and pull the trigger (literally in one case). Ultimately I just resigned myself to waiting till I die of heart disease at 40 or whatever. 

Well then this whole pandemic bullshit happened. 

My home life is terrible. I have no sense of security, privacy, or safety. I'm in a constant state of anxiety because I live in close contact with my mother who is... well not easy to be around. And that's if she's not having a full on meltdown. Usually this is fine cause I spend so little time at home but now I'm stuck here so it's constant. Couple that with the fact the internet is actual garbage meaning I can't do a lot of the things I do to connect with my friends (online games, video calls, etc) and what I can do is extremely difficult (manage to do my dnd games online but voice chat is spotty and extremely frustrating). Plus, I have somebody judging everything I say at all times within earshot making lots of noise who doesn't care. So that's fun too.  I see everyone giving all these tips on how to make this situation better. Talking about video calls, livestreams, not losing contact.  I feel more trapped as I'm stuck in this cage with no way out. 

Of course, on top of that it also exacerbates all my existing problems. Self loathing, manic depression, generalized anxiety, and so on.  All of it is just knocked up to 11 and I have no respite from anything. Everyone around me is struggling and it's already hard enough to reach out when others are reaching out *to me*. 

You'll say "oh but there's a light at the end of the tunnel.  We all have to suffer through this but we'll make it out the other side." Not for me. For me at the other end is a slightly less dark tunnel.  I've got nothing after this save from maybe a bit less time stuck in this hellhouse. I was already barely holding on and I feel like I'm getting pushed over the edge. There's no hope for me, no future, nowhere I'm going to go when this is all over.  I've got no dreams, no passions, no goals, nothing I want out of this world.  I'm so tired of being told it'll get better. People have been telling me that for well over a decade as depression utterly swallowed my life. I've done everything people tell me to do and it's led to nothing.  Maybe I'll get real lucky and coronavirus will finally take me out. I've just spent the majority of my life patiently waiting to die.