I cant take you people anymoreI'm sorry, hate me all you want, call me stupid, immature, thin skinned, or dumb like everyone else but I CANT STAND YOU PEOPLE.
I can't stand the "it gets better". "It's okay to be gay" "your family is just bigoted" crowd that pretend they care about me.
Why is suicide bad!? Give me a logical explanation. At one point i thought you go to Hell if you commit suicide but after years of being beaten to death by athiests wanting to "help" me, by disproving my religion i cant read the Bible anymore without scoffing. I've tried for months to get my faith back but it cant come back. I dont believe in God anymore. After being told I'm stupid and believe in fairy tales for my entire life, I finally gave in. Happy?
I don't believe it's a sin to like guys anymore. Whoop-dee-do. I can fantasize about having gay sex without shame for the low price of my entire existance being invalidated and broken down to nothing but a bunch of atoms. I'm told the universe and science is beutiful. It isnt.
Science doesnt give me something to look forward to when I die. It's just blackness and nothingness forever. When I was 14 at least those stupid "fairy-tales" gave me something to look forward to!
You people tell me I should find meaning in life with enjoyment. I'VE TRIED. For months I've tried but I cant stop feeling this emptyness now matter what I do. I havent felt true happiness for a year ever since my faith was slaughtered by you people. 
I'm sick of your empty praise, your bullshit proverbs and the idiotic smiley faces you put on the end of sentances. I can't stand anything in the entire plane of existance. It's all just cold, calculated atoms that one day will collapse on itself.
I can't focus in school anymore. Ever since i lost my faith I've lost my will to try and fine a soulmate, and you people keep telling me "it gets better"!?
NO IT DOESNT. I'VE WAITED FOR 13 MONTHS FOR IT TO GET BETTER AND IT JUST GETS WORSE
Why is suicide considered evil. WHY? We all are going to die anyways! And there's no heaven at the end. It doesnt matter if you where Ghandi or Jack the Ripper, you get the same fate as everyone else.
Why keep living? I don't get it. Ive tried to enjoy life and be pleased by the distractions of the world but i cant take it anymore!