Long day... BUT...Sorry I hadn't posted earlier but I truly have been running around like a chicken with its head cut off all day long. First, I had a Therapy appointment, then we got some errands taken care of, then we had to get our 2nd and 5th Graders from school, then it was right up to my Psych appointment, then off to the drug store where I got my refills of my iron pill and my Prozac. Then the kids had homework and we had pizza and soda for supper. Now I am here, finally finished with my day...quite tired...but feeling...Okay for once.

Let me start with my Therapy session. My T said that he was having to work harder than I am at things, and that it should NOT be that way. He wanted to know if I truly want to continue with him or find someone else. That actually HURT a lot, but I just sat there, trying not to show how upset that had made me because I know deep down that he is absolutely right and justified in saying that. He did Neurofeedback and I don't know WHAT he had done differently (or maybe I was just a lot more receptive because that talk we'd had kind of woke me up) but I walked out of there feeling a LOT more...calm maybe? Even my neighbor had noticed the difference and told me that I seemed to be in a really good mood. She said my eyes were bright again and my face was different. I feel different. I REALLY do. The feeling usually fades after a few hours (I have felt this good once before after a session) but it is going on about 6-1/2 hours later now, and I still am feeling "up" from it.

Weird.

Then I had my Psych appointment and they are NOT on my "good side" as of right now because I still feel a tiny bit betrayed by them (they had thrown me in the hospital the last time I was there, though now I understand why and I know it really WAS the right thing to do...still...) so I didn't say much. I actually saw the PA (Physician's Assistant) and she asked me "Do you still have suicidal thoughts?" and like a smart-ass I told her I plead the 5th Amendment. In other words, I refused to answer on grounds I would incriminate myself. I know that was going to get me in trouble, so I looked at her and was honest. I told her yes, I DO have quite a bit of suicidal thoughts and fantasies even, but no I do NOT plan on doing anything and NO I really don't want to hurt myself, which was the absolute truth. She said just because I have thoughts that doesn't mean I will get locked up immediately. They locked me up because I had attempted. That is why I said I don't hold too much of a grudge. I realize this now (hindsight is ALWAYS 20/20 isn't it?) and since I don't have a plan and I haven't made an attempt (eep...I DID scratch the shit out of my wrists with my fingernails, but she didn't see that and it wasn't an attempt anyhow--just self-harming behaviors) I am still free. I actually went outside after my appointment and wanted to hug a tree...I wanted to take the sky and just bottle it up. I was (and still am) so happy to be FREE. I can go to the bathroom without anyone watching me...I can go for a walk when I want to. I can hug my kids. My 5 year old keeps saying "I missed you..." and talks about the ambulance (the first time I attempted,  911 had to be called and I got taken in an ambulance to the hospital where I detoxed by myself...ugh) and bless his heart, he is afraid I will go away again.

I KNOW what y'all are going to say now. 

"Remember this feeling when you are down in that pit again..."
"Remember how it feels to hug the kids and do whatever you want..."

Unfortunately, when I get to the point I was at earlier today (I was actually starting to think about methods again and I was planning on committing suicide on the next full moon) then all rational thought is lost and I can't see, nor remember, anything good. The Depression (The Monster) takes all that is good and makes it so it had never happened in my mind. I get so foggy and cobwebby in my mind that nothing matters.

I am working on a new coping skill, and right now, I am feeling OK and very much in control. The Monster is back in her cave wayyyy back in the back of my mind, which is where she lives, I suppose, and she doesn't seem to want to come out tonight.

Even my Eating Disorder is quiet. Usually she screams at me after I have eaten (pizza tonight, remember?) but...I don't know...she is sleeping in my heart. I guess that is where SHE lives because the Depression comes from my mind, and my ED (Anorexia, or Ana as I call her) lives in my heart because it is from there that THOSE feelings truly come.

Hard to explain. Try explaining an ED to someone...it is a lesson in both utter frustration and complete futility. Unless you have walked a mile in my shoes, please don't assume to know how I am feeling and what an ED is about. That is what I tell people...though it doesn't really apply much here because I think I value YOUR opinions more on every subject because I know the people here have gone through a lot of shit and have experiences that are similar.

Ooops. I wrote a novel again. Sorry. My fingers can't seem to find the STOP button. 

I feel ALMOST Manic right now, but not quite the "go out and spend money you don't have and clean the house and run around like a happy little elf" manic...more like "I am up, I am talkative, and I am enjoying being me right now" kind of thing. :)

I am sure I will crash back down to Earth soon enough. I am NOT being fatalistic, just being pragmatic and realistic. I know for every high I have, a low is sure to follow. It doesn't always happen all at once...it is a gradual thing where the Monster comes out of her cave, stretches, yawns, forages for some berries for a short time, making her presence known quietly at first, and then goes right in for the stalking and the kill. 

That is reality. I accept that. 

I might need y'all when I come down. Will you be here for me?

For now...happy and smiling, and GLAD TO BE ALIVE!

(The thoughts are even quiet at the moment--REJOICE!!)

I challenge EVERYONE here to do something nice for themselves...even a SMALL thing like drink a favorite soda or watch a favorite movie or show...or take a nice long bath or a walk. 

That is my challenge to SW tonight. I am going to sit here, edit my YouTube video (yeah yeah I know I am procrastinating lol) and watch TV...and listen to my children playing downstairs. Hubby is off tonight and tomorrow, and I love him so much for being so supportive of me. Surprisingly so. o_O

See y'all later! Take care of yourselves. ;)

~LG