Something has to change, undeniable dilemmaI'm borderline. Which means I have distorted perceptions. Which means when my husband goes on a verbal tirade and tells me how awful I am. Imcant say he's wrong. He says I'm abusive to him and our son. I don't remember what I said to get him to yell at me last night. I had been home with our son all day , he is recovering from minor surgery. I was exhausted. I stayed up the night before to check on him. When I asked my husband for help, I didn't ask the right way. I was overwhelmed and exhausted and came across too bitchy I guess. He yelled and yelled and yelled at me about all the ways I'm horrible. I already knew I was a piece of shit. But husband thinks so too. And he threatened me wit telling me what he really thought, but then wouldn't go there. 

I have no idea how to ask for help properly. I only know how to be borderline. So I quit. The next few months will be spent planning and arranging my suicide. This is a feeling that never goes away. I'm trapped in an unhappy marriage with someone who verbal abuses me and then calls me abusive. No one will believe me because I'm borderline. My feelings won't last, she's just borderline. She'lol forget in a few hours anyway. 

Nope, I won't forget. It's hard to forget 32 years of being wrong and bad and horrible and always causing trouble. It's time for me to go before I hurt anyone else. It's better to have a mom that killed herself than a mom that's borderline. 

I'm only going to abuse him and others until I am dead. I can't leave my husband because he will fight for custody and child support and use my mental illness and pot use against me. There's no way to win. I'm not going to stay. The only way he wants me is mouth shut, doing the chore and errands and everything around the house and everything for our kid and never ask him for money or anything. 


I'm going to play nice for the doctors to save up all my meds until I have enough. 

But why bother posting here. Who gives a shit about a stupid fucking borderline. No one. We are the herpes of mental illness.
Maybe as the date gets closer I'll come back and tell you my plan. Maybe I should post on a 'non' forum to tell them there's one less borderline in the world. Maybe I should just jump in front of a train today instead. 

Sorry for wasting anyone's time who read this. Borderlines are such a fucking joke. People will laugh when I kill myself. No one can help me. Nothing is helping. 

Men's don't help, therapy doesn't help. Don't know what else to do besides ECT or a lobotomy. Suicide is the only way out. I just have to find a way and have the guts to do it.

