Dear HumanityIt’s funny how life works...it really is the roll of the dice. Some people live brilliant successful lives by climbing their way to the top. Some people live lives of heartache and pain...they then turn that into an art and become successful too. Some people are just ordinary and blessed with a family or maybe just a single parent and they thrive and overcome the odds. Some people are born with terminal illness, mental illness, disabilities, and whatever else and they all succeed. Then you got people like me...people who tried everything they could and fought their way with everything they had...only to not be enough. Now...here I am on this random reddit page venting this all out because I see no outcome other than death after this.

Treat people well, treat people with respect, treat those who are unfortunate and encourage them with love. Give them a boost anyway you can and just realize that we all are just one single species at the end of the day. The planet doesn’t belong to us, we belong to the planet. If you have a significant other...out your arm around them and say how much you love them because you never know what tomorrow will bring. Make your significant other some food (breakfast, lunch and or dinner) whatever you feel like you can do...buy them flowers...take them on dates...make them smile and laugh, help them feel motivated like they can do anything. Most of all...let them know you will always be there. 

I was once so ignorant and arrogant that I thought I could help everyone. Because I hate it when people are hurt and I tried to make it my number one priority to help others in anyway that I could because I thought we needed more love in this world. I took on a responsibility that was impossible and I should have seen it coming...but alas I allowed my own ignorance and arrogance to blind me. That is my own fault and I take ownership for such foolishness. 

Now here I am recovering from a botched surgery that should have killed me and to be frank...I wish it did. When I finally got better and tried to start again with my monthly disability...natural disasters struck my hometown leaving many out of a home, car, everything. While I was lucky in that regard the day after the disasters happened my car was stolen...probably by someone who was desperate. So here it is...me...34 years old...tried to make something happen in my life...now it has all failed. Therefore I am officially a failure and I want this life to end. I am now just figuring out a way how...

I wish you all well and just...do your best in a world filled with hate, hostility, lies, deceit and cruelty.