Update on my lifeOld post: Hello, I am a 14 yr old male who is turning 15 pretty soon. About 2 years ago I told my mum that I think I might have depression and I want help. So then I went to my local GP and they referred me to see a counselor. I went to see my counselor for about 3 weeks then stop going as I hated talking about my problems because I could have lived my life without going back to those shit memories. I would have anxiety attacks during the session too. For the past year and a bit, I've stopped going to school because whenever I go there or go out, in general, i get anxiety attacks and I hate it. Because of that recently a bloke from child services came to see me and talk to me (to see if I was depressed or had anxiety). I spoke to him I filled out all of his forms, there was a box saying "Have you ever self-harmed" and I ticked yes. I don't know but that seems to be an obvious sign that I'm not okay! Just about 20 minutes ago they rang my parents and said that there's nothing wrong with me, I'm not depressed and I don't have anxiety. I'm so confused because why would I cut my wrists try to kill my self and have panic attacks often if I was okay? I'm thinking of hanging myself in my bedroom so I either die and stop living this hell people call life, or something will go wrong like the rope breaks or someone walks in then they will truly understand that I'm NOT OKAY. Thank you if you've read this far. I just needed somewhere I could rant about this. :(

New Update:

This morning my mum told me that her and my dad were splitting up which sucks especially when before they would shout at me saying that I'm tearing this family apart and now this happens. Which is great knowing that I broke my family because I'm a depressed fuck. Also, a letter came yesterday or day before about me and it was the people in control of counseling and deciding whats wrong me (i don't know the official name sorry). In the letter, they said I am not depressed or have anxiety and blamed everything on me playing video games until like 4 am and they want me to go to a place (30 minutes away) where they will help me sleep? I know they won't give me sleeping pills because I wouldn't need them. But they won't give me any counseling or a therapist. The worst thing about it is that I opened up to them telling them most things about me and how I feel. Then they tell me I'm not feeling any of this and I'm lying or a massive pussy. So I think suicide may be the best thing that could happen right now, my family can stay together and those people who told me I'm not depressed or have anxiety I can show them that they cant detect textbook signs of depression and anxiety. Every day I cut a new line into my wrist so I can keep track of how long it takes for someone to actually care. Again I just needed somewhere to vent, you don't need to respond. But thank you for taking the time to do so.

Edit:
I'm going to stop trying to get help now and just deal with it on my own.