A Case for ContextHello, readers of SW. Like many of you tonight, I sit here contemplating the most basic human instinct of self-preservation. 

I often think of how one suicide can compare to another. How one suicide might influence another. How my own suicide might be interpreted by anyone I know. Context seems to be so important. 

I have dealt with daily suicidal ideation for 10+ years. Last summer these thoughts became worse than they ever have before and on July 1st/2016 I unsuccessfully attempted to take my own life (obviously). Since July of last year, I began to actively seek help for something I knew had been negatively impacting me for years. 

Today, well over a year later, it feels like it may have been too little, too late. 

I read posts here trying to understand suicide. It seems like the context can often be lost in a text-based post. More importantly, the mental state of the reader has a much bigger influence on how a post might be interpreted. 

I have been trying to understand suicide and depression for years. I completed my degree in neuroscience, I became a senior volunteer on the suicide hotline after volunteering on the line for for over 2 years, and recently I just completed a nursing rotation on the acute care psychiatry ward at the hospital (many patients being admitted for suicide attempts and/or severe depression). I don't understand it. 

I thought I had something more to say, I'm sitting here at work on Christmas Eve. I am 50/50 on if I am going to make it until the end of the year and fairly certain that I am not going to make it through 2018. 

I have the rope, I scouted a good spot, I can tie a pretty good noose at this point. The majority of days this year I've ended up on the floor crying. Most days are spent in fear of when the next breakdown is going to happen. I've been to psychiatrists, tried different regimes of antidepressants and different exercise routines. This is still where I am at. 

I've wanted to die for long time. What more can be said?