What's the point in asking for help?Fuck this. I've been fucked up since I was a kid, was first put on meds when I was around 10/11. I've attempted suicide 4 times over the years (all unsuccessful OD's) and I am just broken. I can't hold down a job or a healthy relationship, never learned to drive, can't have kids, in a stupid amount of debt and I've moved in and out of my parents place 5 separate times thanks to the subsequent job losses and relationship breakdowns. I never finished my education and the two times I've tried to return to my studies as an adult I've had to drop out because I was either failing or falling behind. I couldn't even make a decent living as a fucking escort. 
My current partner and I have recently had to move back in with my parents because we couldn't keep up with the rent on our flat and it's all my fault. Of the 8 months of this year so far I've been able to hold down a job for 2 of them. There is no fucking point in me being on this shitty fucking planet anymore, I am a burden and a drain on my family and the one friend I have left. Every time my life falls apart they have to pick up the pieces both financially and emotionally and I hate that I have to rely on them. I'm nearly 30 and I have nothing to show for my shitty life, excuse me, existence. But I guess that could be a blessing; fewer loose ends to tie up, not many people to hurt. As much as my parents would be sad, I'm 99% certain they'd be a little relieved deep down. They get their lives back when I'm gone. 
A few weeks ago I told my doctor and I've been under the care of the acute mental health team as an outpatient having daily appointments with mental health nurses and psychologists. Every appointment is the same. 
"How are you doing today?"
"Same as yesterday, I want to die."
"Mmm, well read these fantastic life changing mantras I printed off Google images and remember it will all be ok, you just need to have a more positive outlook"
"Great, thanks for the insight."

What's the point? They're wasting my time, I'm wasting theirs. I'm just putting off the inevitable. I'm coming to terms with the fact that I am in the last few days/weeks of my life and that has brought me more comfort than anything else. 
