Just need to get this out thereI used to think I was suicidal. When something “bad” happened, I would think “man I wish I were dead”. But really I knew that I had so much more to live for. 
Now, I feel like I really don’t have anything to live for. It started about a year ago when I was having sex with a girl. To make a long story short, she landed on my dick wrong and it hasn’t worked the same since. No more random erections and I need constant stimulation to maintain 70% of the erection that I used to have. It goes away if I stand up or if stimulation stops for 30 seconds. Sometimes it doesn’t work at all. Yes, I’ve gone to the doctor and they couldn’t find anything physically wrong with me. They told me it’s anxiety related, however I don’t understand how it’s anxiety related when I can’t even get a full boner while masturbating. Anyway, I graduated college a month after this happened. I moved back home with my parents and got a job in my hometown. Thought it would be good for my mental health to move home. I’ve gotten into 3 big fights with my dad since moving back, and after the most recent one last Thursday he told me to move out and that he can’t stand to be around me anymore. So I plan on leaving ASAP. On top of this other shit, I’ve been talking to a girl and I actually like her. One of my best friends knows that I like her. I brought her around my friends last night and he constantly hit on her and flirted with her. I’m the butt of all the jokes in my friend group. They have no respect for me. The one thing I had going for, a girl liking me, and my friend tries to ruin it. I was out with them tonight but left because they were all too mean to me. Making fun of me at every opportunity. So basically, can’t have enjoyable sex, recently (pretty much) cut ties with my parents, and my friends don’t respect me/try to ruin anything good I have going for myself. On top of that I hate my job and have been looking for a new one. I’m honestly looking at things logically here. I want this to end, I know there’s a chance that things turn around for me a bit but things are going wrong in so many dimensions right now that the odds are very much against me. I’m currently staring down a lethal dose and the thought of dealing with none of this in just an hour seems very nice.