Just took 10 grams of Ibuprofren, 25 grams of dried Blue Lotus and a half of a fresh nutmeg seedi blended 50 ibuprofren in with 25 grams of blue lotus i just bought and half of a fresh nutmeg seed into a smoothie and drank it over about 10 minutes..  


its been close 30 minutes maybe a bit more...? i cantremeber how i got back to bed?  
i did this all on an empty stomach and  up with a 10 chamomille tea bags and 4 bags of kava with ginger, lemon and honey.

its taken me much longer to write this than i woud have hoped as its getting hard to type and i am starting to experience hallucinations, like moving patterns on top of the world and the room is breathing and glowing. lights and colors are changing shifting and it feels like i am tripping but there is this overwhelmig sens e of panic in waves and my body feels heacy. like its a separate thing from ...whateve is typing right now.  
i am feeling waves of hot &amp; cold...mostly cold i think now though and sweating alot.  
i have overdosed on many things so many times.... i have hung myself, tried to shoot myself only to have the gun misfire as i brought it close to my head alarming neighbors... ive tried it all but jumping from something or in traffic. i am hoping this is a painless and peaceful way to leave my family at peace that is least traumatiizing to others.

i am very sleepy and my heart feels a bit weird.

i gave a feeling i culd might survice this though or i could work with it andd fnally go to seleep.  
i c  
she took my son from me. i rescued her from a catfishing scenario and trusted he rr when i got sick.

that bitch took my only chidl and wont even let me see photos of my 2 year old baby booy

i tiss better f or me to die tather than wind up killign people i guees in anger or killing myself in a away that hirts others.  


i fuckning hate you for betrayung me elise

you stol my son you phony spoiled bitch  
i almost killed peple because of you and the main raeson i amd oing this is so i dont wind up doing that in the end.  


i hoep you die from cancer  
you and my mom fiucking dont care about if ash lives  


you deserved every blast and post - i dont care how vute or pretty or how much of a goddess you want to seel yourslef as. you were a fucking hooker, plain and simple... and accor ding to gaia subren you got on seekingarrangements to give those men handjobds on your own accord. you ruined miy life and only cared about yourself.  


all i see is lght and my head is ringing/?  


i miss my babty. i never got to hear his voice or talk to him. or eveen sing him a son.g  


what the fuck kidn of mother ARE you yuo bitch?!  


i hate yuo.  


i loved my llife  
