just need to vent.sorry in advance for format, on mobile. Anyways, a little backstory: im an early teenager on the high side of the autism spectrum, most likely aspergers but i have no idea for sure because my parents tried to hide it from me. about 8 months ago my uncle fell ill, my grandfathers brother died, and i thought one of my childhood friends had killed himself all in the span of approximately a week. i have always been very reserved around people but this pushed me over the edge. at the time i had never had any semblance of a relationship with a woman and felt unloved and underappreciated. i am a 2w1 personality type, so i NEED people to rely on me in order to be happy. i didnt realize that until long after the fact. i fell into a deep depression as a result of these events, cutting all contact with the outside world and starving myself as punishment for being such a broken person. i ended up pacing for hours a day or hurting myself until i couldnt feel anymore. i planned to hang myself a couple of weeks before halloween and wrote a note to the only girl i was attracted to at the time and sent a message to my best friend letting him know what i was feeling/doing. he ended up talking me out of it and the girl, much to my suprise, actually responded. she told me she had feelings for me too and i spent the next 2 months talking to her and chasing her heart. i started to get have hope for the first time in months. in the end it was all for nothing though; on halloween she finally confessed that she only liked me as a friend and i completely broke down. a week later i was crying on a bench outside the school when this other eccentric girl walks on up to me and compliments my shirt, i recognize her from book club. we talk for a little while and eventually i ask her for her number. we talk and i tell her im autistic, she says thats fine and accepts me for it. as things progress i end up having my first kiss with her and eventually lose my virginity to her(16yo M, btw) . i loved every moment i spent with her and she pulled me out of my depression. but theres a catch; shes depressive and a cutter too. for the first few months its manageable, i can usually talk her out of it and she stops hurting herself for the most part. i am super dependent on people and have had several of my best friends abandon me so i am very insecure. she gets worse and starts to talk about killing herself and how she has nothing to live for. i of course freak the fuck out and start to really doubt my abilities as both a friend and a boyfriend, and it transfers into our daily lives. she starts to get frustrated at how stubborn i am with how i feel when im depressed and my awkwardness in social situations. i dont blame her, she had alot of shit going on at the time and was very stressed out. she takes my insecurity as a sign that i am no longer happy and tries to break up with me instead of telling me what im doing wrong so i can try try to fix the problem. i do everything i can to try and fix our relationship but she doesnt want to give me a second chance and i dont blame her for it. shes thought about suicide twice this month alone and i ended up telling her mom. shes become more reserved and says the beautiful, funny girl she was before is dead everytime i ask her about why we broke up. were still friends but i miss her a shitton and im worried about her... i dont know what to feel anymore and i feel like im falling into the same hole i was in before i met her. i know most of what shes told me is just the depression talking but it doesnt stop the words from hurting :/ i just felt like i needed to talk to someone so i didnt get any worse. sorry if i wasted your time but this helps alot in coping with the emotions im feeling right now. thank you for listening 