Just looking for some answers, maybe advice.Hey guys, just some basic info: I'm 16, junior in highschool, no real friends, a girlfriend who was suicidal, until she met me, single mother, dad walked out on us when I was 13, divorce was messy. I've been depressed for as long as I can remember, was diagnosed with depression in 7th grade. I've been having panic attacks, almost daily, this started about 6 months ago, well I had one, I took nyquil (I had a cold), and had a panic attack, then I had one two weeks later, increasing frequency until now. I'm trying to keep one from happening now. I have massive amounts of anxiety on a daily basis, I can't focus on school. I need to find a job, by the way I'm failing everything. Badly. Back to my girlfriend, it's been 9 months, and I'm in love with her, I just can't help but feel she'd be better off without me. I haven't told anyone I'm suicidal again. I was suicidal for about 4 years. Surprised I didn't kill myself, I feel like I should have. I want to. I might start cutting, I didn't before, and I don't really want to. But I keep on going to cut myself and I have to force myself to stop. I feel like a leech, because I am one. I keep on forcing my mother to pay for things, like prom, she told me that i had to get a job and not fail all my classes to go. I didn't manage it. She's paying for it anyway. I forgot to mention my girlfriend lives 6 states away, visits are really expensive.
I've got a couple siblings, I'm just cruel to them, and the worst part is they still love me. I've failed almost every class in highschool, scraping by with the bare minimum to move on. The only reason I'm not in classes that are for below average are my test grades. I get high 500's and mid 600's on SAT scores. 
I've been on meds before, I took Zoloft. it made me feel like I was in a haze, like when I was self medicating, kind of. I would force myself to stay awake all night and get maybe 2 hours of sleep so that I could get through the next day without thinking too much, because if I thought, I would want to die. Zoloft let me sleep, kind of, but I was still so slow.. I could never think clearly. I haven't taken it since last august, so it's completely out of my system. I can't tell my mother, because she's stressed. She needs therapy, she tries to hard to help me but she just doesn't know what to do, and she feeds all 4 of us, (my kids) and does everything for us. We're all ungrateful, or at least I am. I feel like shit about it. I keep on telling myself to do something about it. To change things. But I can't. I can't change anything. I can't tell my girlfriend how bad things are, she knows I'm depressed and have anxiety, but not how bad. Because she has anxiety as well and I don't want her to worsen, I want her to be okay. I haven't spoken to my father since I threatened to kill him with a hammer when he was harassing my mom and wouldn't leave my house. I hate him. The school councilor is no help. She never should have gotten the job. I've seen at least 4 different therapists, none told me anything I didn't know, and I saw each for at least 6 months before they could finally tell me that they thought I might be depressed. I'm lazy, I can't motivate myself to do anything that I should be doing. And there is no one else to go to in my life. I've told people that they should keep on living, I've talked a lot of old friends out of suicide, and some randoms, hell I think I even posted on this site awhile back trying to help some kid, but I just can't see why the hell I should stay. I'm just a drain, and there's absolutely no hope left. I guess part of my doesn't want to die, because otherwise I wouldn't be doing this. I just want someones thoughts. Someone who doesn't care, or know me, or have any biases because they don't get paid or anything of the like. Any thoughts would be helpful. I'm sorry for the terrible writing, I'm usually not this bad. Thanks for taking the time to read this.