Day XX of being extra ready to dieWanted to suey since forever. Rough breakup has me in shambles and the school year dragging on is not helping. I went home for thanksgiving and was only happy to see my brother and my dog who lives with my ex. Idk why I did it but I had one of those closure meetings with her and all it did was firmly cement the notion in my mind that I'm not worth dwelling on as a person even after like 4 years of dating/2 of engagement. 

I have had some significant personal failures recently that have led to my current situation and all I want to do is put out the burning sensation of shame and remorse. I've been grieving a life where I didn't make the same mistakes for so long now. I really had no clue how hard I could get thrown by losing my fiancee to my own bullshit. Poor girl stuck around forever trying to fix my depression, she had no clue so I can't blame her for gtfo'ing especially since she's never felt like that. That struggle coupled with me being an all-around fuckhead has led me to being single n sad which on its own I highly doubt would be life-ending in nature, but context, context...


I'm sitting here typing this at my nightjob, waiting to go home. I'm 50/50 going to load the shotgun when I get in. I'm just so tired of feeling like a dick and then messing up when I try to be better. 
I'd say I'm losing touch with reality but realistically everything's just a big slideshow (aka I'm dissociating) now that I'm this ready to die. I can only imagine what this will do to my loved ones, including my ex who I am still clearly not over in spite of my best attempts. My father's best friend's son killed himself largely accidentally (risky behavior led to it) a few months ago and now I hate the fact that I'm ready to do that to mine. Or any family/friends that still like me. My brother and I are just now figuring out we have depression so I am also dreading what this would do to him. 


So far I've made my various notes and letters to important people in my life and all I can ask myself when I think of them is "how horrible am I prepared to be towards these people?" I am going to break at least 5 people, and I say that in the least self indulgent way. The only thing that's keeping me around right now is the fact that I haven't been satisfied with my letters yet. I want to let them down as easy as possible, but I'm afraid none of them will honestly get it when I tell them I've wanted this for a long while.