I want nothing more than deathHey y'all I don't know if anyone will really respond or care but here it goes. So I am a 20 year old trans girl who still presents totally male and won't be able to get hormones for at least until the end of the summer. I'm home from college for the summer right now with my unsupportive parents and want nothing more to die. I hate how masculine I look and nothing is getting better anytime soon. Being home always makes me worse, I've already tried to kill myself twice (my parents don't know about this) with the most recent time being over the past Christmas break. All my friends that accept me are far away from me and I'm just stuck here in Birmingham, AL. 

My dysphoria is so bad I can't even really function anymore. I did not leave my house this entire weekend because I don't want people to see me. I left today to see my therapist but I just feel worse after talking to her this time. I can't see myself getting any closer to being seen as a girl and I just can't take being stuck as a guy basically alone here. 

My bone structure is big and I'm just so masculine I doubt that I'll ever pass as a girl even with hormones. I stopped cutting a little while ago because the scars made my dysphoria worse but I've just replaced cutting with not eating. When I'm really hungry I don't have the urge to cut as badly. I ate 1200 calories yesterday when I try to stay around 500 then I ate like 250 for lunch today and I feel unbelievably disgusting. I just don't know what to do. The only thing stopping me from killing myself is I'm scared to die alone. My last attempt ended with me basically passing out on my bed then waking up every now and then not able to move, but gasping for air. After a couple gasps I would pass out again and that just repeated most of the night. I'm scared that might happen again and I just wish I had someone there to make sure it goes okay. This probably makes no sense and is just really rambly, I'm sorry but I just am terrible at writing down all my thoughts at once.