i dont feel real anymoreI nearly killed myself three months ago, here's out it all started, in freshman year of highschool i came out as gay to my family and a few (five at the most) peers i thought of as people i could trust, over the course of highschool i started to regret my decision massively and regretted it every second of every day. I wasn't close with the people i came out to (didn't even speak to them anymore) and everytime i walked passed one of them i felt my heart race and my body tremble, i just wanted to turn back time and take it back but i couldn't and it drove me into a very deep depression, i didnt talk to anyone outside of school, i gained alot of weight, my sleeping schedule was fucked, and i was insanely paranoid. By junior year i thought of killing myself every day. Towards the end of junior year i talked to my parents and we decided that online homeschooling would be the best solution to better my mental health, from April 2019 - September 2019 i started getting into fitness and lost 60lbs. Throughout that time i felt better than i had ever felt, i didnt think about suicide, i thought about the future and what it had to offer me. This all changed when homeschooling started, the first three days of homeschooling was isolating. I spent 5 hours in my dark empty house doing work and i knew something was off, i started getting those feelings again, i knew it wasn't going to work. I put up with this for the next three days and i decided i couldn't do it anymore, i told my parents about the isolation and how the feelings were coming back and we decided maybe i could put up with another year of highschool, but after they transfer me back, its final. I thought "it's senior year, everything will be different" i was so fucking wrong. My first day back at the highschool okay, the second day was a little worse but still okay, the third day was the worst day of my life. Now, since i was homeschooling for the first three days that my state's schoolyear started, i had to do the missing work from the first three days of highschool. I had no problem with that, But, i had to do a "get to know me" paper for the teacher. (i'm sure you know how these go) The teacher gives me a piece of paper and tells me to fill it out before class starts, i work on it, i finish it, and i go to hand it in. The teacher then tells me to present it to the class, my heart starts racing, my body starts to shake a little bit, i start to think "okay it'll be fine, just act like you're uninterested and nobody will think anything of it" i sit down at my computer and i start to read the paper (a little awkwardly but not noticeably awkward) i get about two words in before the teacher goes "up up up" and i look over and he's motioning me to stand up. This is when shit hits the fan, I stand up and start to read, my voice gets high pitched and shaky,  my hands start visibly shaking, and i get a little misty eyed. I hear people giggling in the background, and hear someone say something like "yo what the fuck". I get through it and sit down, try to hide my face and whatnot, and all my thoughts race like they never have for the next 20 minutes. The class ends and everyone goes to lunch, i walk around the halls feeling completely hopeless, the first impression i just made on everyone will be their perception of me for the rest of the year, 5 people know i'm gay, and i'm stuck here for a year and im not gonna make it. I lose all rationale and walk out of a side door of an empty staircase, i leave the building and text my mother that i love her and im sorry and start walking towards the traintracks, it was pouring rain and i was getting soaking wet but didn't care, i was totally desensitized to everything around me, the only thing i cared about was ending it. I start getting closer to the tracks and hear the train coming, i'm getting ready to die but the train goes in front of me before i reach it. I say "fuck it who cares" and start walking around, my thoughts get worse and i think about stepping in front of a car "no can't do that, someone else could get hurt" 

"alright i'll just go home and slit my wrists."

I'm walking home and my mom calls me and very calmly trys to reason with me and tells me that we'll figure it out and to calm down before i do anything, after hearing her voice i went home and waited. Later that day my parents withdrew me from highschool. I saw a therapist for 7 weeks and she diagnosed me with severe depression, but it did nothing for me, it felt like a chore, i didn't like being there, i felt pathetic. There's nothing a therapist can do about changing someone's sexuality (the stem of my suicidal thoughts) and all the positive "hang in there" "it gets better" shit just turned me away even more. I stopped going and things cooled down for a bit. 

That was three months ago, and i dont feel anything anymore. The only time im happy is when im distracting myself from myself. I look back at pictures of me as a kid and don't recognize myself, I feel like i'm playing a role and playing it poorly. I'm just about completely desensitized to the world around me and i dont see the point of sticking around. Whats the point of living life if its just going to end anyway?    I have no doubt that someday i'm going to kill myself, it's an everyday thought, everytime i walk over a bridge, or next to busy traffic, its always there. I can't see myself living much longer with these thoughts and i can't see a way of these thoughts changing, and i don't even know what replies im hoping to get by posting this but whatever.