Working as a kitchen manager makes me feel like a worthless piece of shitI've been working in the restaurant industry for about 12 years. I started in college and got stuck here because the world of committed full time jobs scared me. I've been dealing with depression my whole life, but in the last 6 months it's the worst it's ever been. I've been very suicidal, especially in the last 2 months, working this insane, gruelling job. I'm salaried, and am working about 60 hours a week, outside, next to hot ovens, and inside shared, chaotic prep kitchens. I don't make any overtime, so my boss has no reason to value my time or life away from work. He says he really does, but my hours away from home certainly show otherwise. We have a very low commitment staff, so I don't feel I have anyone who supports me. The owner of the company is someone I thought I trusted and wanted to be a part of his venture. I've worked with this company for two seasons prior but never with this level of responsibility. This year he has let out his true chef nature, being very controlling and demanding, with standards that are incredibly high. He constantly criticises the work I'm doing. He says I need to manage better, and that I'm not using the resources I have efficiently enough. My partner is depressed because I'm never home, and he can see the constant emotional pain I'm in from this situation. My mom says this is an abusive job and I should leave. But I feel so stuck. I wish I could just dissappear. I've failed my way here and feel so worthless. I'm having panic attacks all the time now, at work, at home, at night. I just feel like, if I can't do this job, and maintain professionalism and a stable mind, I won't be ever be able to be responsible. I won't ever act professional enough to succeed because I have such bad depression and anxiety. At some point or other it's just going to get too real and too uncomfortable for my employer. I'm not on meds, and have considered them. I took them in high school and it was such an awful roller coaster, I'm afraid to get on again. I've tried to find a community of other kitchen workers dealing with this kind of stress-- I know they're out there, but I can't find them, even on Reddit. Everyone seems to be so proud of all the gruelling  hard things that are leading to the state that I'm in. I just want out any way I can find it and lately the numerous bridges in my town feel like it. 