How’s my suicide noteThis was always meant to happen.

I didn’t feel wanted as a child. I didn’t feel wanted as a teenager. I didn’t feel wanted as an adult.

What’s the point in staying alive, if there’s nothing to look forward to? Why do I push myself so hard to keep going just to sit on my ass all day and disassociate? Why am I wasting food and resources by consuming them when I know I probably won’t last too much longer? I’ll never have children. I’ll never have a career. There’s actually nothing for me here and yet I keep choosing to stay. Why? Self-preservation? What’s there to preserve? I hate how I look, I hate how I act, I hate how I sound, I hate how I think, I hate how I feel. Is there anything I do like? Not really. 

If it wasn’t for my pets— who are my babies, my joy, my everything— then I’d probably be more likely to do it. I need them, and they need me. They’re the only ones who need me, to be honest. I wish they weren’t, but I guess I deserve less so I’ll take it. They’re so cute and pure... Nothing at all like me. I wish I was better for them.

Even as a kid my own damn parents didn’t want me around much. As a small kid it was all about my little brother. Shared birthdays of mine, broken toys of mine, blame put on me. My few memories of my shitty dad are of him being cruel to me. Spanking, screaming, he even tried to kick me out when I was five or six because he was mad at me. He told me to leave and made me go outside. Why didn’t my mom choose me? She just begged him to stop and talked him down. 

That’s expected, I suppose. After all, I took almost twenty pills when I was fourteen and my mom didn’t take me to the hospital. She didn’t even take care of me while I puked all day and night. She was just mad and annoyed. She said taking me would make her look like a bad parent. She cared more that I was going to make her look bad than me overdosing. She let me suffer because it was more convenient.

My existence in a nut shell. 

And when I met you, I thought you’d be my knight in shining armor. Instead you’ve become my biggest adversary, my enemy, the person who hates me the most. I know it’s my fault; you don’t have to tell me again. Can’t I just be upset that this is how it turned out? Sixteen years together and you still don’t seem to know me sometimes. And I feel like I don’t know you sometimes. After everything we’ve been through together— Luna, your mom, the camper, the homewrecker, my family, my grandma, poverty...— Well, I thought we were closer than this. Better, even. I say we’re better than the hicks around here but are we?

It’s supposed to be you and me verses the works but it’s you verses me too often. And I can’t take it anymore. There’s only so much of my heart and soul left in me, and you just keep crushing it. Why? Is it really that satisfying? I don’t get it.

And again, I know I’m trash. But you won’t even acknowledge the things you do. You act like they don’t exist, or like they’re justified. You control me, and you pretend a lot more than you realize you do. It’s expected that you won’t notice while you’re doing it, but the thing about you is that you don’t even notice it later when you’re in a good mood. You don’t even apologize. Sometimes I tell you straight up that all I want is an apology and you still refuse.

I wish you had loved me as much as you did your ego, and now it’s too late. I know you didn’t want to baby me if I was the slightest bit upset. I don’t know why, but I know that’s how it was. You gave up trying years ago, and no amount of me trying to better myself could ever have fixed that. You had it set it your mind that everything I do is to be against you, including crying. So me crying enraged you. You hadn’t babied me in years until I cut really badly. I just wanted you to baby me. I know it’s wrong but that’s what I wanted. 

But I’m not writing this to make you more upset. I don’t want you to do anything careless or try and get even with me. I want you to realize your faults so you won’t hurt the next person you end up with. I know you’ll find someone else, because most of the time you’re an amazing person with so much to give. Don’t ruin it with them, okay?

And please take care of our babies. Please. I love them so much and they can’t be with anyone else, they need us. They need at least one of us. They need you.

By the way, please take them to the vet in order: Monster, Pixie, Lochary, Taffy. They’re all you’ve got for a little while. Don’t worry, it’s temporary, but you gotta take care of them, okay?

I’m psychic, remember, lol? So trust me when I say you’ll be okay. A new normal will set in. You’ll find new people. You’ll get a routine. You’ll save more money. You’ll put yourself first finally. And I’ll be just a bad dream you once had. It’ll be alright. It’s going to be alright. Life goes on.

I love you. Despite everything, I really do love you. I just can’t do this anymore. I’m tired. I need to rest. Maybe we’ll meet in another life. Maybe not. Either way, it was fun while it lasted. Thank you so much for the fun time. I appreciated it so much. It was everything to me.

Don’t think of this as a sad event, think of it as if I’m just taking a nap. A really long nap that I needed.