I'd like to share a suicide note I wrote a year agoI am so so so so sorry. There is no way that words can express how sorry I am to be doing this to you all. I have just been doing a lot of thinking and I have decided that the best thing for me was to stop living. It was a hard decision. You are all wonderful people, and it hurts me more than you can ever know to be hurting you like this. But I just can’t bare it anymore. I have no reason to keep going. I am sorry. First and foremost to my family. Please guys, don’t do anything rash. Support each other. Please know, know this because it is kind of like a death bed confession and those are always honest, that this is no ones fault. Please know that. Please. I am so so sorry, and I love you all. Support each other. I love you all. I impart no guilt, no one except myself is to blame. I truly mean that, and believe it deeply. I am sorry. I love you all.

To the various people who have supported me over the past life, thank you. Please know this is not your fault either. A therapist is only as effective as his patient is willing to share. I have never been willing to share anything, and for that I will pay the price, but I can’t let you. Go on with your lives, you great people, you have a life full of opportunity, you can help people more than anyone else. Please do it and know I have no blame for you. Also, specifically to the school, I am sorry that I did it on campus. I hope that doesn’t hurt anyone. 

I  am sorry to every woman or girl I have ever met. Please forgive me for existing. 

Practical stuff:

my passwords:
*not including because i'm not an idiot*

For all movies and books that you don’t want to keep, please give them to the Library. Anything else please give to the homeless shelter, whichever seems to need it more. Please give the money in my personal bank account, split equally, to the food bank, any suicide preventative non profits and Martin Scorsese's charity for film preservation.


I am so so so sorry. Please don’t try to understand, but try to live. Let the grief take its course, but support each other. Just don’t follow me. Please don’t. Here just talking to my family. I love you all so much that it hurts me to keep on hurting you. Please be good to each other. Please live your lives.

I love you,
theaccountismine


i want to be dead, and have made a few drafts, but this is really the best draft i have. this was from an attempt a year ago. im probably not going to use it, but if i did, would it work? would people be okay? im really cowardly and shitty. i dont want to get better, i just want people to love me. im sorry.