Im the loneliest person I know. I just need somebody, anybody. I feel like I'm gonna end it anyday nowI've always been kind of that type of person who has only a few friends at a time that they hang out with, and I rarely hang out with anybody regardless. honestly these lack of relationships in my life is literally killing me. I feel defeated just thinking about how I literally have NOBODY. Compared to ANYBODY else I can think of around me.

Yes I have "friends" (ironically considering this post is about being lonely) I have a bunch of "friends" but honestly at the end of the day it just feels like acquiatiences that I talk to often.

The problem is, all my "friends" are on the "yeah we are friends but we arent really close enough to hang out" tier. I dont hang out with anybody at all. I never have plans.

*I might make a brand new post or edit this if I feel this post didnt do justice because im somewhat sleep deprived/tired right now + had a few shots*

Anyways, I know almost for a FACT that if I told any of these friends my problems they are gonna pretend to care, or maybe they'll actually care (but not enough). Yeah they may talk to me for that night for an hour but will they check in the next day? A week from then? A month? Nope. I know for a fact that im not anybody's top tier friend and it honestly fucking burns knowing that. I scroll through my contacts on snapchat and I think to myself "wow... these are basically just acquaintances"

ON TOP OF THAT - I literally have NO HOBBIES. I am NOT shitting you when I say this. NONE. I HAVE NO HOBBIES - I dont think I REALLY ever had any ever. Alot of people meet friends by joining clubs, doing something they're interested in etc. When I do hangout with people on a VERY rare occasion I'm just kind of a follower and I'll do whatever they wanna do which is ok, atleast im doing something.

A little background info: I'm also a senior in HS as of writing this and I do online school. I have attended "real" schools in the past up until halfway of my sophomore year I got expelled because of literally a bitch making up a severe, bizarre lie and she knew somebody in law enforcement, so they took advantage of her close friends dad one night and it just turned into a huge mess over a fucking lie. I could go into detail about this specific story but this isnt really my problem therefore its irrelevant, im over what happened anyways.

So yeah, being in a "real school" would be a more likely environment for somebody to make a friend however I have minor social anxiety which prevents me from talking to anybody anyways, as long as somebody approaches me I am actually fine, but I always feel totally awkward making the first moves therefore it always relies on the other person.

My day literally consists of being in my house every day going no where, waking up in the morning, browsing any random thing on my phone, talking to my fake friends maybe, while literally doing nothing until I eventually just fall asleep again and repeat this same old shit the next day. Nothing about my life is entertaining. It's a combination of severe boredom but mainly I really feel like having authentic friends would cure this. For example I once had a few friends I would hang out with very often and I can honestly say back when I hung out with them my depression and suicidal thoughts were almost nonexistent compared to any of the severely lonely phases I had in my life, I am no longer friends with those people and I could go into detail on why I'm not but I already feel like this post is getting pretty long anyways...

I've literally heard it all "find a hobby!" "Meet new people!" "Talk to people!" "Join clubs" "Go somewhere and meet new people"

Honestly this is literally common sense to me and I can already feel tons of people replying to this post with something similar to one of those quotes. Not to be a smartass about it but yeah no shit, these would be a great opportunity to make friends. However I mentioned I usually wait til somebody approaches me instead of me approaching them. I have social anxiety. I usually meet new friends by meeting them through a already current friend. Saying this isnt helpful for me at all honestly. I cant think of a valid hobby in order for me to "join a club" and honestly not sure if I would want to regardless. What am I gonna do? Go on the sidewalk and just start introducing myself to complete strangers? I literally feel so hopeless and I literally feel like theres no sources for me to possibly get new friends.