2929


That’s the oldest I’ve ever been. It’s the oldest I’m ever meant to be.


I don’t remember when I had the first dream. It probably happened when I was so young that I wouldn’t even be able to remember. They are always fragmented and real… Real in the way that when it ends, your eyes open and you’re lying in bed wondering.


“Did I just wake up… or just fall asleep.”


The fragments don’t seem to follow a timeline; just clips like a hazy recollection of a night out. Remembering moments out of a long series of events.


In these dreams, I’ve seen the events of my life, tragic and wonderful, play out before me. Sometimes months or years before they are experienced in the chronological timeline.


It took time to get used to having these dreams; especially the dark ones, the ones where a friend or family member passes and I’m forced to spectate as a silent observer in their final moments. It wasn’t until my teens that I felt like I understood what they were. As stupid as it sounds, clairvoyance runs in the family. If you believe in that type of thing. I’ve cousins who experience the same. We’ve talked about them, shared our different perspectives of events yet to come and those that we didn’t understand until the timeline unfolded in front of us.


29


Out of the thousands of dreams, every one of which that has so far played in my synapses, not one of them shows me past the age of 29. My 30th birthday is now less than 60 days away.


I’ve lived with suicidal ideation for nearly two decades now. Before I had ever met my wife, I had come to a decision. I wasn’t going to live past the age of 27, in fact I was going to end my life on my 27th birthday. I can’t say for certain why I chose 27… Partially because I was an angst filled young adult who thought if I was going to die young, I should join the group of others who died famously young at 27 (except I’m far from famous). 27 also happens to be my favorite number, I could not tell you why, I’ve always just been drawn to it.


When my 27th birthday rolled around I was a newlywed of 3 months. To say that ending my life on that day was the last thing on my mind then would be to lie to you. The plan I’d concocted still toiled about in my brain that day. But my plans had changed.


29


It began to stand out in my mind that the dreams never showed me past a certain age. The limit was always twenty-nine. There are none where I’m a proud father, watching my children go. None of me in my golden years enjoying life with my wife who’s aged so much better than I over the years. After 29, they just stop.


We fixate on negatives, humans that is. It’s an exercise in willpower and determination to train ourselves to focus on the positives in life and not dwell on the negatives. I’m far from being a master at this myself.


“Why don’t I see myself as older than 29 in any of these?”


Is it because that’s when my story ends? Will my life be destined to have a dash between 1987 -2017? Am I finally going to break in the next two months and have the gumption to take my own piece off the game board?


Or is it something more positive… Does the family’s clairvoyant trait only take us so far in life? Is it a gift we are given to be shown, in part, the events of our future that will violently shape the people we will become? Glimpses to show us that, no matter how low and dark things are going to get, you are going to make it through this?


Maybe we aren’t clairvoyant. Odds are it’s just the family disposition for schizophrenia, another wonderful future to look forward to thanks to inherited genetics. I’ve already been dealing with auditory hallucinations since childhood, though one might argue those spawned from abuse and not genetics.


Is it going to end at 29… am I going to see the other side of 30? If I don’t, is it going to be my own doing? Maybe I’m not allowed to see how my own story ends, not until I experience it first hand, so as to not spoil the moment.


I don’t make a conscious effort to avoid my suicidal ideation. I did at one point, but then I accepted that part myself. The part that feels, knows, that suicide is an option. I can’t say I go more than a week without at least the tiniest thought of it coming into my mind. That thought of throwing yourself into the void when staring into it. The thoughts just happen and like other thoughts they are sometimes discarded immediately. Others are turned and inspected; what-if situations played out over and over.


“How would she react?”


“What would the funeral look like?”


How many dominos would fall if I cast my own down? Some may topple like my own, but there would be many that would wobble for ages… Likely never settling back down into their original position.


That’s the hardest hurdle for me, in regard to bringing myself to committing to ending it myself. My empathy for those in my life, knowing or at least thinking I know how my life ending would impact theirs. More so if it was self-inflicted.


It has always been easy to hurt myself. Intentionally hurting others that I care about though, has always felt impossible. I know I’ve caused harm to them without the intention of doing so and felt immense guilt after the fact, again and again. So I’ve never been able to follow through with a plan because of the line of thinking that happens at that point of the planning.


Within the next two months am I going to finally disregard others’ feelings and selfishly satisfy my own, I’m not even sure what to call it, desire or what I believe to be my stories already written ending? Perhaps it does end, but not by any doing of myself. Just the chaos of existence.


With some luck, maybe… Just maybe 29 isn’t the end… It’s just a new beginning.
