I'm 19/F and feel completely worthless, I will forever life an unsuccessful poor life.So Hello Reditors.
I'm Pretty new at Reddit and im coming here to Talk about how i feel about myself and my Life.
I'm a 19 Years Old Female born in Germany.
I've been Bullied pretty much since i've gotten to School and didn't Graduate High School because of that.
I Got Death Threats, Punched as hard as possible in my Stomach which resulted in me not being able to breath anymore.
Students told me to Kill myself and that no one would miss me anyways.
I've got told that I'm a Loser, a Freak, a Slut, a Bitch, a Whore, that I'm the Ugliest Girl in the Whole School and many other things.
They always pulled on my Hair, once even cut my Hair and threatend me with an Small knife to kill me if I told my teachers what they are doing to me.
There are many other thing's that happened as well, for example being almost drowned because a girl from another class put my head under water, being pushed around and even Slapped multiple times in my Face and so on, but that would be too much to write.
Even my so Called Bestfriends Turned their backs on me and told the whole school all of my secrets which i've gotten made fun of.
I got Emotionally Abused, Sexually Abused and Raped by my EX cause he got Angry at me for not Accepting that I wanted to wait with Sex Until I'm fully ready for it, I think we were like 2 or 3 Weeks into Relationship at that point.
I wasn't ready for it and he didn't care that I repeatedly told him to Stop while Crying.
3 Days after that he wrote me a long text basically saying that I will never reach anything in my life, that i'm the ugliest girl he slept with, that I look and dress like a Grandma, that he cheated on me 4 Times while we were in a *"Relationship"* and that he never loved me anyways.
It has been 5 or so Years ago but I still feel like this all was only my fault.

I never stood up for myself in school for being too Afraid that things will get even more worse if I said anything.
My EX BF also threatened me multiple times before he....raped me..that he will break up with me if we won't have sex, he even once threatened me with the same thing while I was breaking down in tears for finding out that my Mother got Cancer.
I should've just broken up with him, but I didn't.
I was so Dumb back then, if I wouldn't have been such an Quiet useless Idiot that never stands up for herself then my life wouldn't be so horribly bad like it is now. 
It has been all my fault...
I'm now deeply Struggling with Depressions, Social Anxiety, many Insecurities and even Suicidal thoughts.
My weight changed drastically from 68kg down to 39kg since these past Years and also was in Hospital once because I just don't find the strength to take care of myself.
I was dehydrated, puked Blood and was in general in a really bad shape.
I have changed a lot, not just my Weight but my Appearance in general..
My rather Full Youthful Face turned Extremely skinny and Boney, obviously same with my body.
I look most of the time completely Done with life.
I cut my Blonde hair short and dyed it Blue since it is my Favorite Color, I kept my Hair Blue for 2 Years just because it's so different and I tried to let my Past go so I wanted a big change.
My Personality also changed a lot.
I always was a Pretty Shy and a Quiet Person that loved to take Pictures of Nature.
I always was a Giggly and rather Creative girl that kind of lived in her own world and that had a Huge Passion for Doing Sketches, Singing and playing Video Games.
I also loved to cheer People up and help them if they needed my help even though I was pretty shy.

But now I'm not even going out to the Public, nor do I talk with anyone I don't know.
As soon as i go out from my House and see another person, Panic starts to kick in and i feel like running back into my Room breaking down in tears.
I start to feel extremely Nervous, anxious and I immediately see every stranger as dangerous.
I rarely Sing and never do Sketches anymore.
The only thing that I still do regularly is Playing videos games, and that only to escape my Life with or without my Current Boyfriend that helped me thru a lot in these last Years.
He's also the only one I'm really talking to and show how I really feel, he never ever put me down and made fun of me because of my past.
He tells me on a Daily basis how beautiful he finds me, that I should try my best to Eat more and that I should stop being so negative towards myself.
He's really really Nice and I can tell how much he loves me.
Even his Whole Family and Friends know about me and they all tell me how beautiful I am and so on, my Boyfriend also tries to help me overcome my Anxieties.
They are all pretty loving and caring,  but even tho I'm happy to finally have found a Man that Loves me how I am and is always Supportive and caring towards me, I just can't help it.

I still feel Disgusting because of what my EX did to me.
I just want to Stand the Whole Night in my Cold Shower, rubbing every Millimeter of my Body bloody Red until the Cold water makes my Skin go Numb.
I just want to Cry...
I still remember every single minute of that night, and i still exactly remember how I felt that night...
I felt so Hurt, Dirty, Unclean, Robbed, Scared, Cold, brittle and to a point even numb..
And I feel even worse knowing that it's my fault..
I was a Virgin, there was a Reason why I still wanted to wait..
Instead of just Crying and pleading him to Stop I should have tried to fight with my Arms and legs but I couldn't.
I was too afraid of what he could do if I did that..
He already reacted Aggressive towards me if I pushed him away or said no to Sex, I was just too much of an Coward to do anything besides pleading him to stop an crying.
And then there's the Thing with my School where many many people kicked on me and Teared me apart bit by bit, while simply having a smile on their face while they break me more with each coming day.
If I just hear the Word School in Real Life I start to immediately feel uneasy and like I'm on the Edge of crying.
I can't look at a Stranger without feeling scared and starting to feel a Cold running down my Spine.
I feel so Extremely ugly and Unattractive and even though I'm dying my hair blue, I generally let my Appearance really down and my lack of weight isn't helping with it.
I'm just so Broken although I had such an big Goal early on in Life.
But that Goal slowly got shattered and now I will never reach anything in my life.

I will never have an Successfull career.
All my Testomonies have either non existent or Bad Grades, I completely Stopped going to School when I was around 15 Years old.
I just feel like I'm completely useless and worthless.
I feel like I'm such an Burden for my Family and my Boyfriend.
I just don't want to Exist, if it wouldn't be for the people that care about me then I just would let cold water run in the Bathtub, go in and cut my wrists.
I just don't know what to do....
I'm feeling so lost and Frustrated, I don't even understand why I'm writing this now.
I thought that I would feel better if I'm gonna write my feelings down, but I don't.
...all I'm doing right now is wasting someone's Time, I'm truly hopeless...
I Apologize.