Can't Take the GuiltI've made a series of really terrible errors lately that have totally wrecked my life. Through really bad cyber security (seriously people, keep on top of it!) I have reason to believe nude pictures of myself and my girlfriend have been stolen, and a friend said he had seen them on tumblr. Since then I've been frantically searching everywhere to see if they've gotten out and messaged the blog to delete them (they complied), but I don't know if the pictures are still out there. They had no likes or reblogs but the uncertainty is killing me. Nothing comes up on reverse image searches but I can't escape the feeling it'll come back to bite me one day, maybe in a week maybe in 10 years. I don't know how to break it to her but I'm terrified she'll be so upset she'll hurt herself (she struggles with depression) or worse. I'm scared she'll think *I* did this intentionally somehow and will get me sent to jail. I'm scared one day I'll see our pictures on some website and never be able to remove them. I feel like I've committed the ultimate betrayal of trust by being so stupid as to let this happen. We made a deal to keep our pictures private and through my own total idiocy and short-sightedness I've potentially allowed the whole world to see our most fragile, intimate moments. 

On top of this, I'm turning 22 in a few days and I've started thinking how much of a failure I've been all of my life. How I've hurt the girl I love, how I've brought nothing but difficulty to my parents (they've cared for me through some difficult times with my depression) and how I am going to have to live with this forever.

I've been having panic attacks all day for three days straight now, and I feel nothing but intense guilt and regret. I'm physically sick to my stomach and can barely talk to anyone - it's just on my mind every second. I feel like the only thing I can do to escape is to kill myself but even then that just passes the hurt onto my gf and my family.

I feel so trapped and alone. I know I just need to tell her but I'm so pathetic and scared of the potential repercussions I just can't do it. 

Please someone help 