Last night I wrote a suicide note.First of all, I’m on mobile so sorry if the formatting isn’t right. But I wrote a letter to one of the main professional supports I have, to say goodbye. I wanted to kill myself today, but I couldn’t do it without saying thank you/goodbye first. 

She ended up sending me to the hospital. And while I didn’t want to go, I’m glad I did. So many people have showed me that they care today and I’m feeling a lot better.


The letter I wrote was
 

Dear [name]

Over the last five and a half years you have done so much for me. You’ve gone above and beyond to help me, and you’ve always had faith in me. You’ve fought my battles for me when I couldn’t fight them myself. You were my voice when I couldn’t speak up. Words cant even begin to describe how grateful i am. I just hope you can understand that this has been a 10 year long battle for me, and I’m ready for it to end. I don’t belong in this world. I have a dark stormy cloud that follows me everywhere, and i just cant get rid of it. Please don’t be sad, ill finally be at peace. No more demons, no more suffering. It has been wonderful working with you, and i truly do appreciate everything you’ve done for me. I hope you’ll continue making a difference in peoples lives. You really are one of the best.


I decided to take that letter and turn it around in to a thank you letter. 



Dear [name]

Over the last five and a half years you have done so much for me. You’ve gone above and beyond to help me, and you’ve always had faith in me. You’ve fought my battles for me when I couldn’t fight them myself, and you were my voice when I couldn’t speak up. For so long I’ve had a dark stormy cloud following me around everywhere. I still do. And I know it makes things difficult sometimes because it’s the only thing I can focus on. I can’t see any of the good in my life when this cloud takes over and I don’t have much control over what I say or do. But you’ve always understood that it’s not me, and you’ve always made things okay again. You make such a huge difference in your patients lives and I know I’m not the only one who appreciates having someone like you working in the medical field. You really are one of the best. 


I’m giving it to her tomorrow. I really hope she likes it.
