Learned HelplessnessAccording to Wikipedia Learned Helplessness is:

&gt;Learned helplessness is a behaviour in which an organism forced to endure aversive, painful or otherwise unpleasant stimuli, becomes unable or unwilling to avoid subsequent encounters with those stimuli, even if they are escapable. Presumably, the organism has learned that it cannot control the situation and therefore does not take action to avoid the negative stimulus.[1] Learned helplessness theory is the view that clinical depression and related mental illnesses may result from a perceived absence of control over the outcome of a situation.[2] Organisms that have been ineffective and less sensitive in determining the consequences of their behaviour are defined as having acquired learned helplessness.[3]

Over the last 5 years I had my wife leave me, was diagnosed with bipolar disorder, got addicted to drugs, and had my family essentially disown me. Life has been hard, and rarely happy, but I've gotten by. A month ago I lost my career, they said I was not emotionally "consistent enough" to lead a team and they fired me. Not great but I'll survive, right? So I got a job delivering Chinese food and signed up to take some IT classes so I can go into a better field. But now some old ass motherfucker wrecked my car in the parking lot. He's saying it was my fault, even though my car wasn't even moving, and I'm certain my insurance company will fuck me, and then drop me. I can't leave my house beyond where my bicycle can go (no public transportation in my town) and I can't earn an income because my job relied on my car.  I have $80 in my bank account, and over $800 of bills are coming due at the end of the month. Not to mention my $2000 deductible if they don't cover it. 

I've been trying so hard to be happy, and everyone else makes it look so easy. I wish I had a SO, or even some friends to talk about it with. But I don't, because I'm a fucking failure who deserves to be alone and miserable. I'm starting to think that whatever I do, it will never get any better. I just want the pain to stop, and I feel like this is my only option. 