A title is even a struggle to come up with.Where to even begin is a struggle in telling my story on why I want to end it today. My thoughts are racing and this post probably won't make sense as I ramble on and on. Forgive me if it's confusing. I merely write whatever sentences comes in next. It is even difficult to admit that I feel sad, thought it's a feeling I am very much used to. You see, I grew up sad but masked my life with happiness in the hopes that one day it will be true happiness. 26 years later, I'm still wrong and I can't handle it anymore.

I'm a love-child, or so we're called. An illegitimate son. "Illegitimate" is what I've been referred to for the longest I remember. That word itself makes me feel much less of a human being. Like I had chosen to be born the way I was.

My father had to go back to his family and mother had to work abroad and leave me to her sister. It was an abusive environment. I remember being beaten mercilessly so many times but I don't remember what for. I remember my aunt's husband saying "He's just jealous because he doesn't have parents" when I was 8 years old. I remember being treated differently because I'm "illegitimate." I remember all the pain and sadness even after two decades had passed. I can't shake it off.

Moving forward, 8 years ago my mother and I finally reunited. The most exciting day of my life. Today, she told me I'm not part of her family. She asked why do I hate my aunt so much and why am I angry. In all honesty, I'm not angry at all. I'm just very sad that my own mother wouldn't believe the stories I told her about how my existence to their family is basically a curse and I had to suffer for it.

I'm too old to feel like this. I imagine this sensation is only reserved for the ones who had suffered much greater pain than I have. Like losing a love one or something. And that I'm being a pussy for being sad about this shit. My mother coined "Didn't you get cured for that already?" Because I did go to a psychiatrist and that somehow should just take all this history away from me.

Anyway, this has been a wall of text and it probably doesn't even seem that important anyway. I can't write all that happened today because it wouldn't matter 15 minutes from now anyway. I don't remember my password for this account so I won't be able to reply. I'm sorry.

Even if life has treated me the way it did, all I can give and hoped to ever give to every person I encountered is love. And I may not know you but thanks for reading. And because of that I love you. With all my heart, I really do.