I don't know what to do.I've never posted here before, but I don't know what to do. 
I'm a 17-year-old girl. I don't even know where to begin... I've had an eating disorder off and on since I was 11, but it didn't really begin to get bad until 8 and 9th grade...my mother responded to it by getting angry and threatening me. I was forced to recover but still struggle. Presently, I switch between periods of starving myself and cutting myself. 

I am going into my senior year of high school, and am being pressured to pick a college to apply to. I don't know how I can make such a big decision. I don't know what to do. I don't want to fall into a miserably boring career. My teacher encourages me to go to art school, saying I'm good enough to go to Art Center or RISD, but I couldn't stand failing and my parents treating me with the "I told you so" mentality. I just don't see how the future holds anything for me. I am scared of going off alone. 

I don't have my license to drive yet, which attributes to my extremely low feelings of self worth. My parents seemed eager to help my twin brother get his license and even bought him a car...but they never seem willing to help me. I wish they would help me, but I don't know how to ask for it. Because of my lack of mobility, I alienate myself from my friends for fear that they judge me. 

I push people away from me because I don't like myself. Any boys that express interest in dating me I discourage. I don't want to be responsible for the happiness of another. I can't imagine anyone liking me when I even find myself repulsive. 

These are the basic issues I have right now. I couldn't even begin to address everything else that goes on in my head. Everything is too overwhelming for me. I don't understand how people deal with their lives. Why is it so hard for me? I don't want to go through another year of misery. I think about suicide often. I have easy access to 243mg of prescription sleeping pills and bottles of prescription antidepressants. I could overdose easily. I am also okay with slitting my wrists or my femoral artery. 

Sorry if this was all too long. Thanks to those who read it all. I just needed to say something and I've never talked to anyone before. My friends don't even know I had/have an eating disorder even though I've never eaten lunch with them before...and my parents are just oblivious, I guess.