just trying to reach out- having a dark nightIs there a difference between being actually suicidal and just sort of wanting to die?

The past week I have not been able to get up much. Mostly I just sleep. I try to do at least one small thing a day. Being pain is so hard, so exhausting. Tonight I'm doing this thing where I just can't stop crying. I have goosebumps and cold and hot sweats. My upper shoulders hurt so much. My heart is breaking over and over. I'm just sobbing alone and I hate it so much. 

I have never before made a plan to die. I know that my brain is just sick and telling me bad things. I know that it hurts everyone so much and I loathe the idea of having to put everyone in my life in pain or that someone will have to find me dead and that dying is never the answer. But its such a fantasy because I just want to escape the hurt. No one can live this way.

The thing I want to share right now is that I truly do love life and everyone. I know there is so much beauty to know and that life is good. It doesn't help, though, when this black dread, panic, and harm and coursing through me. My support system has dwindled down to almost nothing because the people I love the most, my friends and family, are made upset and sad to see me this way. Each time I reach out, they say my state and presence is hurting them. My boyfriend left me because he doesn't want a depressed person in his life. My family has enough problems and I make it worse. It kills me to witness. My friends don't understand this disease and are scared of it. I'm scared of me, too. I feel so alone.

No one understands how hard I have been working for so many years to learn to cope with this. Medicine, psychiatrists, individual counseling, group sessions with multiple go-rounds, alternative healing. You name it, I have been there. My feelings are my whole body. There is nowhere I can go. No drug cocktail that has helped me. I truly feel like no one can help me. Depression, anxiety, ptsd, all these things should be treatable. Why would my own brain want to kill me?

I feel so bad. I am trying to stay here so hard. I don't think I'm suicidal per se, but I was just hoping there was someone out there.