Ten days in to starving myself to death - how much longer do you think?I’ve been ill with ME/CFS for 10 long years now, and the last 2 years have seen me get worse and worse.  During a ‘good’ phase, I am ‘only’ bed bound for 6 out of 7 days!  Although this frequently increases to more than 2 weeks at a time.  Every week seems to bring with it new horrors, from another virus or bug, to the chronic diarrhoea which has now plagued me for the last 18 months!!  I have become intolerant to more and more food groups, it genuinely feels as though my body is rejecting me more and more.  If this was a terminal illness I would be prepared to struggle on - more for the sake of my family than anything else.  However, the reality is that my body could keep me alive for decades in this miserable state with literally NO quality of life at all.

For the last 6-8 months I’ve thought of nothing but wanting to set myself free of this torture - back in October I even set myself an end date.  The very last thing I want to do though is to kill myself suddenly for the sake of my family.  Although most of them are brilliant and supportive, none of them can ever truly understand just how much I dread waking up every day, and how very real my need of a guaranteed exit from living is.

I stopped eating on Sunday 19th January.  Initially, I also stopped drinking - but it is agonising!!  My mother called the doctor, and both have been trying to persuade me to eat, but I am absolutely determined that I will see this out to the bitter end.  I know it’s not going to be an easy road for me, but I think this will be easier for my family to accept - more akin to if I was actually dying of a terminal illness - as they will have some preparation and time to adjust.  Ironically, I do have access to enough morphine to kill myself quickly, but will only do this as a last resort.

I am only drinking water, so am making sure I don’t get any nutrition from fluids.  I’m a 5’1”, 45 year old female and weigh roughly 66kg.  How long should the process take to kill me?