Goddamn I am so tired of having to live23, never had a job in my life, and I'm about to fail college yet again. I have exactly one friend, but I'm becoming extremely frustrated at him, though not through any fault of his own. He tells me about how he hated being in college but was lucky enough to meet people and develop a social life to help him get through. He says to me that he probably would have dropped out if he didn't meet those people. How am I supposed to respond to that? Wow congratulations on being lucky enough for that to happen while I'm over here commuting and not talking to a single person every day. He doesn't even have to try to socialise. Girls always start talking to him first. It's demoralising hanging around with him.

College is a goner for me at this point. I've fucked up majorly for the second time. I just can't deal with the constant feeling of dread and anxiety. I can't even get up in the morning anymore because being awake at that time just reminds me of getting up for college or school. I hate it. I can't think straight unless it's dark.

My family aren't bad people and I had a regular if lonely childhood, but I feel no connection to them. It's horrible because my mum still cooks meals for me and washes my clothes but I feel nothing anymore. Just frustration.

I can't motivate myself to stick to anything. I just wrote two stories and can't write anymore. It's gone. I can't get myself to read books consistently. I do it for a month and then stop for three months. How can I get a job when I can't even stick to the things I like doing?

I can't even motivate myself to shower regularly. I only do it when I have to go outside. It's regular for me not to shower for a week, sometimes two. My teeth are just shit. Why can't I get myself to brush? It's such a simple thing and I just can't fucking do it. They're fucked.

Where do I see myself in five years? Dead. I can't fucking function in this world. I'm just in a constant state of anxiety and/or depression. It won't leave me alone.

I feel like your whole life is just a series of lucky chances and mine weren't so lucky. You might say that I have control over those chances but I disagree. Where does the motivation to enact change come from? I can't just will myself some motivation, it has to come from somewhere external. It comes from favourable circumstances. Life isn't about making something happen, it's about taking opportunities that come to you, and I feel like none have come to me except one.