I'm ready to be done. I'm throwing in the towel. I tried.But I'm not sure how to make sure everyone I know is alright before I go out blazing. 

Since the backstory doesn't really matter. Literally everyday is an L. It's only getting worse and my health's slipping. I'm in so much pain and I'm only 25 about to be 26. I'm not sure I can deal with living pathetically anymore and I've tried my best to change my financial situation and it either goes well that one time or it leaves me in a worse state. Don't worry I've like 2 family members left and they'll be fine. To prove how little it matters this is my actual account. Nor a throwaway. I've passed sadness and depression theres none of that don't worry. 

Before you ask, yes I work out at least 3 times a week. Yes I've tried talking to people. No it didnt work. No I cant afford a therapist. No I haven't attempted as I'd like the first time to be that last time. 

I've a partner though. Who (and this isn't meant to be sad) would be much better off if she could just go back home but can't because +1.

I've kind of devised a plan to get her back home and get homes for my pets but I'm not sure how to make sure that I've planned this out as best I can. I'm kind of all over the place with this post sorry. I'm trying to find a way to write this without it being sappy. I've been on my own for about 10 years now and its not going well. Shit might've been longer my memories are getting all jumbled now and my minds a mess. I can't get coherent thoughts out straight and people are starting to notice. 

Back to my question though. How does one prepare to leave the Earth finally? Is that in itself a dumb question? Should I just wait til my body gives out soon anyway? Maybe that'll do the trick before I get to it. 

I'll delete later but I'd love to hear some suggestions on what I should be looking into. I've never heard anyone say anything but "that sucks" or "wow" or something easily repeated but I'm thinking that's me being a negative ass person.