This is my last goodbye.Today has to take the crown of the worst day ever. Today I was suppose to take an exam to let me become an esthetician. The passing score was a 90... I studied all morning and all night for this exam. My mom kept telling me that I had this in the bag and I even believed it. Truth is, I was not ready at all.. This morning, I took my exam. This did not come as a surprise to me at all because when I finished my exam, I failed....

Everyday, I try and strive to be the best I can be.. I try and try my hardest to please my family; especially my mom and my birth dad, even though they have mixed thoughts about me half the time.... My dad thinks nothing of me at all. He left my mom and I when I was 1 because he basically "wasn't ready to parent", meaning didn't want me or her anymore. Now that I see him with a bitch of a wife and a boy who I can't fucking stand, my heart feels completely dried uop... and my mom.... I love her. I love her more than anyone. However.... I can't even tell if she's crazy sometimes... I also can't even recall the last time I heard "bitch" "whore" "cunt" or "slut" come out of her mouth, but that's what she's called me before...

The only person who understood me and loved me more than anyone in this fucked up world was my grandmother.. She died 10 years ago from brain cancer sadly.. The day she died was the day hell froze over my entire being.. This is just one of those days where I wish I could talk to her about what's been happening.. This is one of those days where I wish I could see her again... Soon, I will see her again. I'm setting a date for 6/6/17... Before I officially kill myself, I'd just like to say that I am deeply sorry for this. 

To my parents: thank you for loving me even in my worst moments. I never meant to hurt you guys but this is my choice.... Please forgive me one day. Mama, I am so sorry I have put you through this. I'm sorry I never told you how horrible I have been feeling lately.. I just wanted to seem happy for you.. Even though I'm no longer here, I still want you to live your life for me. I love you, endlessly.. Moww..
Dad, I know you won't give two shits or think I'm full of shit, but I'm sorry I did this to you.. Even though you pay absolutely no attention to me, you never call me or text me to see hoe my days are going, making me feel like I've done something wrong, I still love you.. Please forgive me one day.

To my friends, in houston and in arlington: you guys were hardly ever there for me but I'll miss every moment spent with y'all. Sabrina M. thanks for coming to ever party I invited you to. Sure wish you could've been there. Caleb R, my dearest, I'm sorry I never got the chance to tell you before, but I love you so so much.. I'm sorry I never spoke up before you did, I just thought you never felt any emotion of "love" towards me.... which, I assume, you didn't.. 

Please continue to live your normal lives' every day for the rest of eternity.. Until we all meet again..