Is there a delete button for life?I just want to press backspace and erase everything I've done so far. I want to go back to the last save file and start over. Everything is a mess and I don't know what to do.

I am afraid. 

The truth is, I don't really want to die.

But it feels like the world is conspiring against my best wishes. I have lost the two things that have always given my life meaning, that have always made things easier. My sense of community, and my sense of self. My friends are gone. All of them. My family is far away, and has a history of telling me to stop acting like a child and man the fuck up whenever I cry, or complain, or have any problems, so I don't talk to them about things anymore. I am alone. 

For the first time in forever, I am alone. 

I have already done everything I can think of to stop myself. I have been fighting myself all day, all week, for almost the whole month. I just feel like I don't matter. Because I don't. Maybe I do to someone, but not enough. Everyone who has come into my life, and who I have loved, or gotten attached to, they either leave, or come to hate me. I am beginning to believe that there is no one on this planet, who after getting to know me, all of me, who will stay with me. Am I really so worthless that people can just throw me away like that? Am I really such a mistake? Am I really such a failure? Why don't people want me around?

I have tried talking to people already. It hasn't helped me. Somehow, it just always makes me feel worse because I hate them all for leaving. How can I hate them? They were my friends. They have been the kindest people to me. They have saved my life. They have given me hope. Now they're gone, but how can I hate them? What kind of horrible person hates the people who showed her that there were good things in her life? 

I could go on for hours, but I don't know that I have the strength for that. Sorry I've gone on so long anyways.

I am pretty sure I'm losing my mind. 

I'll go down to the river. It's peaceful there. Take a mix of meds, alcohol, cut my wrists and just put myself precariously close to the rivers edge. That way, I'll be sure of success. I've given it a lot of thought over the years, and there isn't a better way to go about this. I don't think people can help me now. I'm pretty sure that I've expended my last bits of luck at this point. I want to do it before I lose the will to even move from this spot. The lack of motivation is coming and I can feel it. This was what almost killed me the last time I made an attempt. I'll give it a bit but time is running out for me.