Bipolar episode resulted in wife initiating divorceHi all. Update to last week.

Bipolar 2, no meds because I can't manage the blood draw. Freaked out thrice. Supposed to be on Lithium.

Last week I had a low mood set in. My mind decided to fixate on something and beat me down. My wife has been pushed to the limits of my bipolarity. The hypomania can manifest in anxiety (I jumped out of a moving car in a parking lot en route to a blood draw. I don't like needles.) and the lows love to entrench me in suicidal fixation at their worst.

I wasn't quite in the suicidal mood, but the last few weeks I've felt disconnected from my wife. Body language. Not wanting affection. Responding to me like I'm an idiot with day to day questions ("How was your day?"). Hanging out with friends more and more. Even her upcoming birthday is an all girls gathering I was not invited to.

Many of her friends have just separated or are in the process of, and she's been hanging around them more and more.

I mention all this to underline that I am not insecure or needy. However, on this low, the disconnection spiraled out of control. I wanted to talk to her, not about it, just anything, occupy my mind, but I couldn't find her in the house.

She had gone outside to talk to one of her friends about their relationship problems. She came in and wanted to go direct to bed. I mentioned I was looking for her and had wanted to talk. She invited me to, but as she got into bed.

I didn't want to bother her with my stupid ideations. Then it just came out of my mouth.

"Do you want a divorce?"

"No," she said. "Do you?"

"No. I just have this feeling lately. I'm sorry."

"Would you like to see our couples therapist again?"

"I'll think about it."

I tried to explain more of my mood, but she fell asleep.

I felt even lonelier. The suicidal thoughts came to mind. I drafter an open word-vomit letter to r/SuicideWatch. The site wouldn't take my post. Reminded me of the time I had called a crisis hotline and they hung up when they realized I was in the wrong zip code.

I felt lonelier and darker. I took the cord from my guitar amplifier and wrapped it around my neck. Tried to hang myself.

Didn't. Got myself free. I don't believe I was ever in any danger how I did it. I just wanted to feel something. 

I told my wife the next day. It was the day before she was leaving on a weekend trip. She fretted about me, and while I know how this sounds, I assured her (and assure you) that this incident was not intended to waylay her trip. It's just what I felt like doing.

She left on her trip.

I was still low, but I stayed active. As active as you can during depression. I cleaned the whole house, hand and knee, which felt like winning the Olympics in my depressive fugue. I wanted her to come back to something, to see I was pushing through the swings.

We were fine Sunday. Fine Monday. Fine Tuesday.

Tonight, dinner was like pulling teeth. She was cold, hostile.

I asked about the therapist.

She looked down. Didn't speak.

I had felt it for weeks. I knew then.

She told me she wanted a separation. Said it would be good for me. She's holding me back, I'm so productive when she's not around. Said we never had a marriage in the past eight years. Said she feels guilty for trying to reclaim her own life and mental health while leaving me at home to meet friends.

Said that I'd come out well in the separation settlements (she's the full-time worker). I said I didn't want any of that, I wanted my best friend, partner. She said she appreciates all the strides I've made, but that it was now too late.

I went upstairs to my office. Cried. Called my brother. Cried more. Called my dad. Sister. Mom and littlest sister called me. Spent all this night hurting, crying, understanding, not understanding.

I cried about our cats and what would happen with them. I hurt for losing my wife and being told we never had a real marriage for eight years. I got angry at myself and my disorder. I loathed myself. I thought about suicide, nothing specific. 

I just want to be done. To not feel. It hurts so much.

She came to check on me before bed. She had moved into the spare bedroom. Wanted to make sure I wasn't doing anything stupid. Said she cares about me, but she can't be my wife, can only be my friend. Too worn out from dealing with my moods. Tired of walking on eggshells.

I understand. It still hurts. It hurts when your best friend gives up on you.

She said nothing cause this, she was fine all weekend and yesterday. It was this morning. She woke up with clarity. Knew what had to be done.

I'm still ugly crying as I type this. I just want to reach some people, maybe be reached back. I feel so alone.

Everything hurts. Which is better than numb, I suppose.

I would like to be dead. I don't want to kill myself or harm myself. I would like to be done, though. This is a soul hurt.