I feel like this is itAlright, so I guess I should explain myself a bit. I'm almost 22 and have been fighting severe depression since high school. It was my 16th birthday the first time I thought of suicide as a way out and those thoughts have been haunting me ever since. When I was in grade 12 my long distance girlfriend was raped. I knew who did it and the worst part was that she asked me if she could go where she went and I said it was ok. I had a mental collapse. I fell apart at school and began cutting myself, until a couple of my teachers noticed the cuts and made me talk to the guidance counsellor. She set up an appointment at the hospital where they kept me for weeks because I said I wanted to kill myself after killing that monster. Me and the girl became very rocky, she started rolling with crips again (that guy was one) and going back into blow. I tried so hard to help her but I was so fucked up I probably only made things worse, the relationship became a constant toll. I tried to od one night, Christmas actually, i took as many pills as I could swallow before I passed out. I woke up hooked up to a bunch of tubes in the hospital about a day later. Anyways I met another girl. She really helped me get away from all of that, an angel, literally flawless (she hated me calling her that because she said it was hard to live up to) well this girl came to visit me in the loony bin, saw me at my worst, but we ended up dating. Fuck I fucked that relationship up. I was afraid of her getting close to me so I was constantly pushing her away, I don't know why, she made me happy to be alive, but it terrified me. Well anyways fast forward a few years of breaking up and getting back together, I went to the city where my ex from high school lived. I tracked down the fucker and I tried to kill him... This was last winter, and instead of telling my "then current gf" what I did, or instead of simply telling her nothing, I told her I cheated on her, I wanted her to lose her love for me, and she did. I wanted to be able to do it without killing anyone I left behind. After telling her I undid my seatbelt and sped my car up a cliff, my car rolled down the side and was wrecked but I was somehow unharmed. I told her the truth after that but she said she brewed in hate for over a month thinking I cheated on her and realized how shitty a boyfriend I've been. I have been trying relentlessly to get her back, I made her a scrapbook, spent the last of my money on a gift for her, but nothing, she says she still cares about me but could never date me.. I don't blame her. Now I'm living with my friend on the top floor of an apartment and all last night I was holding myself back from jumping off of the balcony, I just can't do it anymore. I really feel like I've lost my sanity, I can't go a day without crying and I've started doing blow myself, after always yelling at my ex for doing it. I'm just beat. Thanks for letting me rant... I used to get by by telling myself, "only a little longer, another year, then you can do it." But nothing has gotten better, I haven't cut myself since last summer but the want to end everything is worse than ever.