I had a really rough night last night, everything comes in waves.Finding the words to even begin to explain the feelings I feel is something I’ll never concur.
I can’t explain how my feelings go from 0-10 in a  matter of an hour.
It’s all physical the mental pain turned physical telling my brain I’m I can’t believe your doing this again.
I’m disconnected and self reliant.
Feeling abandoned in a room full of people.
Why are you here
Nobody likes you 
We don’t connect 
Anxiety taking over.
Your friends aren’t really your friends and they think your annoying, everyone is just playing nice because they like your other friend more.
Why are you acting weird 
Stop distancing yourself
No wonder you’re alone 
No one wonder your ugly/fat/disgusting 
It’s all your fault
Suicide is right, it’ll all feel better. The bridge is close and it’s all so easy. 
Those pills taste good and it’s all for the taking.
I can’t breathe 
I want to die 
All of the time and I’m constantly falling 
Felling alone and being alone are completely different but I have both and somewhat crave it.
This isnt about me you narcissistic price of shit
Nobody fucking cares 
Your problems are skin deep and you don’t know what it’s like to feel.
Crawl back into your bed where you belong and forget there was anything past those walls.
My mind races and I can’t stop it
I can’t stop my thoughts from eating me alive 
How would anyone understand anything I feel 
How could I begin to explain 
I don’t even know who I am 
I have no idea what’s wrong with me 
WHATS WRONG WITH ME 
WHATS WRONG WITH YOU 
stop yelling please 
I can’t take the volume
My head is in another migraine and my body is physically clenched to the point of causing my jaw to stress.
I want to curl up into a ball and deflate into myself
Everyone thinks your a joke 
You’re so dramatic 
Why would anyone even listen to the words leaving from you’re existence.
End it 
End it all 
You’re not worth the space you waste 
I can’t shake the weight 
I’m drowning 
But 90% of the time I’m fine 
Or at least that’s what I tell my self 
What I say to myself
Stop being such a pussy
Nobody gives a shit about your problems 
You’re suicidal 
But never brave enough to do it 
Or try to again 
AGAIN 