Running Out of OptionsMy life in general has been going downhill for the past year. It all started with the passing of my uncle who I felt quite close to. I suffered panic attacks and depression. I kept calm on the outside, so most people assumed I was ok. Around the end of May my I learned that my girlfriend of almost two years was cheating on me with another guy. I ended it there and honestly after it ended I was cruel to her and treated her poorly when she would try to be nice. I still maintained conversation with her for about a month. Around June my sister who suffered from Cerebral Palsy passed away. This is really were it took a turn for the worse. I had recovered decently from my uncle passing, but I couldn't handle my sister passing. I couldn't hide my emotions anymore. My ex-girlfriend tried to comfort me and be there for me, but I pushed her away and was very cruel to her. I became the cynical, rude asshole I am today. I developed horrible anger issues because I couldn't and still can't cope with stress. It's either I break down or take it out in anger. I went from being agnostic to full-blown atheist and I pushed away a lot of people. My close friends understand what I was/am going through and have put up with it. I feel the only reason we are friends is because we are all cynical and normally people don't like us. Fast forward to a little over a month ago. From August until early December I had missed my ex-girlfriend attempts to reconcile with her ended poorly because of me. I decided to actually try to work on my emotions and anger issues. Her and I had both believed we had changed in the approximately 6 months. It worked for about 2 weeks. My anger issues came back. When I realized what I was doing I stopped and her and I worked together to help me. Thursday she left me stating that we still need to change. Honestly this came as a surprise because everything had been going quite well and we had made some new steps together and even had plans for the near future. Now she doesn't want to talk about it at all. She talks about planning to be together in the future. She was the last thing that kept me going and now i've lost her. 