Why am I here?I have had suicidal thoughts that I can recall back to 7th grade. I even remember cutting myself in 8th grade. I don't think my parents ever found out. I am now 25 and have been living with my parents since having graduated from college a year ago. I smoke cannabis every night, rarely drink alcohol (Average 2 drinks per week, if that), and am not currently prescribed to any medication. I have talked to a few counselors and been prescribed all sorts of things from Adderall to Wellbutrin over my life, and I have grown to despise the pharmaceutical industry.  I haven't been prescribed to anything in over 4 years now and I never thought they helped very much. I was diagnosed with General Anxiety Disorder and ADHD when I was in 9th or 10th grade.


I feel like while growing up, I was always more concerned with girls and fitting in with my friends than on actually trying to make something of myself. I had some really great times in college and some extremely shitty times. I'm talking being fucked over by friends hardcore and being put in jail multiple times, on top of pretty heavy depression between breakups...that sort of thing.  Now, I have a useless degree and am living with my parents. I recently quit a job I had for 9 months and am planning on wandering the world with the money I saved from that, hoping getting out in the world and seeing things might help me. I just don't know what's wrong with me. 


I act like a complete asshole to my parents, who have given me the world and are the coolest and sweetest parents anyone could ask for. I feel like I am a burden on them (they threatened kicking me out about 6 months ago because they couldn't handle my attitude. that also happened the night after I told my dad I didn't believe in Christianity. I retaliated by telling them I don't appreciate being given an ultimatum ((either seek counseling or leave)) in a handwritten note left on the kitchen counter) and feel like my attitude has greatly affected our relationship. 

One of the main things preventing me from doing something drastic is the thought of the devastation that my parents would suffer through. My mothers brother killed himself, as did her cousin, and my dad's dad was an alcoholic who was never around and died when he was young.

I feel like all my friends are doing something with their lives and I am not.