I don't know how to get helpSo I know the title comes off as I don't know how to get help. I know I need a therapist or psychiatrist. I know I may need meds again. I know. I know. I. KNOW.

My problem is in getting help. I am the "strong" one in my relationship and family right now. I don't have time to fall apart as I am the financial provider and go to person. My fiance is easily thrown off when I get emotional. She can't handle it that well and probably needs a support group of her own for that. My family is not much help. My friends are not the close to me.

To be honest I had pushed away most of my friends during my depression and never really fixed those broken bridges in my life.

In short... I have no one to confide in. 

I'm also absolutely sure I've hit that point in my depression where I am a complete danger to myself. My stress levels and sleepless nights are really taking hold of me. I'm lucky to have a job where I can go in late and just stay a little later to make up for it. I wake up and it takes me almost 2 hours to get out of bed...

I'm exhausted. I'm frustrated. I sometimes cry on my commute home and I never used to really cry... I think about cutting myself like I used to. I ache to cut my arms like I used to because it used to keep myself here rather than up in my stupid mental fantasies of death.

I've tried exercising, writing, drawing, reading, gaming, working overtime, and just a bunch of things to quiet my thoughts. Those work less and less each year that goes by. I often find myself thinking about dying before I can even stop the complete fantasy of it.

I am losing control. 

I'm struggling with friendships right now. I need more than just my fiancee to get me by in a day I guess. My depression has distanced me from my fiancee emotionally. On the front I'm all there for her, but on the inside it's as if I've rotted to the core. I feel so alone. 

Just the other day I started deleting people from my gaming lists and now my social networks. I'm doing it again. I'm going  down that road and I don't want to do it but I REALLY DO want to do it.

I don't know how to get help without spending too much. I don't know how to ask for it. I don't know how to hide it from my fiancee and family. 
It's nothing to be ashamed of but I can't have them know. I don't want to feel like an idiot like i did the first time this happened. I don't like that feeling at all and I never got over it.

I know the damn answer to this but I need to hear it from the general reddit SW population about my options. What do I do? I've never been so needy before and yet so afraid to ask for help. Like I had nearly everything I wanted in life and my depression just swoops right in and starts to eat it away. I fucking hate it.