It was proven to me once again that no one cares about me so now I’ve made up my mind about my fateI think I’m done. I can’t explain this to anyone though because there isn’t a soul on earth who cares about me. I’m just putting this here as my small cry out into the universe, that I was here, that I felt, that I suffered so so badly. 

My partner called the police on me last week because I was pretty dead set on killing myself and had locked myself in the bathroom. The police officer came and went, wrapped it up as quickly as possible, and didn’t help at all despite me telling him that I was definitely going to take my life. 

He did put me on “alert” which meant a crisis counselor was supposed to call and check in on me every day until I could see my therapist. They never called once and neither did my therapist or psychiatrist even though I was assured they would be contacted and told that I need help right away. 

My family is extremely unsupportive. I think I decided I would definitely end my life the night the officer was called and I tried to call my mom for some kind of support, and she just immediately started talking and talking and talking about herself, never once asked me about my life. My own family doesn’t know, and never will, the shit I’ve gone through because of my mental health. 

I loathe myself down to the core. I hate my life, and I hate how fucking irrelevant I’ve always been. There’s just something about me that makes people despise me on sight. I know for a fact that the mental health services are screwing me over like this because they want me to kill myself so I’ll be out of their hair. 

Before the year is over I’ll be dead. I’m going to do it far away from home. It’ll take months before anyone even notices I’m gone and by then they’ll probably have expected me to be dead and have gotten over it anyway. There’s a dam in my town that has a lethal drop. I’m gonna jump. I hate myself as much as everyone else does, so I’m gonna take out the trash. 

Thanks for listening.