I now know for a fact that it won't get betterI should be happy right now. Under quarantine, for a brief period my responsibilities have been stripped and many people are getting a brief taste of what society would like with almost no "worries" (not that this is inherently good, I am not happy about the pandemic, this is just a side effect) about jobs, school, etc. I have been doing nothing but exactly what I want to do. It is peaceful and blissful, it's probably what life should really be like without having to work 8 hours a day until you keel over just to afford a shitty apartment. But despite everything that is objectively good right now, I still want to kill myself. 

I now know that being alone doing nothing instead of stressing ocer work and school makes no difference. I am inherently miserable and there is nothing that will fix it. Why should I continue? If this is a peak in my life and its the same as the low points, why bother? Why can't I just be fine and accept things for one minute? Why is it always about me in my head? A lot of people say they don't want to die they just want it to stop. I do want to die. I've fantasized about it since I was 11, my final panicked breaths and then peace forever. I know I have to do this.

If you ever find this, I want you to know I love you so much. I love you not only as a best friend, but as someone I want to marry and spend the rest of my life with. I never told you because I know you can't return it, and I know it would ruin you to see I was hurting, I can't have that. You'd turn the blame on yourself, which is the one thing Ive never wanted, it isn'tyour fault. This is all me. You're not a half breed faggot like I am. And that's okay, I didn't want to tarnish our remaning time together with unecessary strain, so I didnt tell you. I hope you don't feel lied to, and I hope you can move on. Please know it's not your fault, I have been destined for suicide since as early as I can remember. I should've done this sooner before I realized I couldn't live with or without you because it hurts too much either way. I hope you can forgive me for this one; I hope you can find meaning in this life- I couldn't. 
I love you