Okay I'm kinda at a low low pointSo, I care more about animals than anything. Literally nothing I care about more than animals. Seeing animals hurt fucking kills me and so what I've experienced just now tears me apart and now I want to die because I couldn't help the animals.

So, there's someone who is getting a hamster tomorrow and their cage is probs 2 feet wide by a food in length then a few inches at the bottom where they have bedding. If you know about hamsters, this is nowhere near enough room for them. They also have a plastic platform which, without the fact that a hamster can die chewing on it, even with the platform in it the cage is still too small in area. The UK rules is 620sm square UNBROKEN floorspace and that hamster has nowhere near that, I can assure you. This other person has theirs in a three floor cage which can't be more than a foot wide and half a foot in length. And I fucking told them to watch MunchiesPlace on YouTube (she owns a hamster rescue centre so she knows what she is doing) and everything these two people have done is incorrect (plastic platform, plastic ladder, plastic toys, those tube things which are far too small for a large hamster, barely big enough for a dwarf hamster, and so on). 

I tried telling them but they kept telling me to stfu and all calling me names and stuff when I now what I'm doing. Like, I look up EVERYTHING about animals cause I'm autistic blah blah so I know what I'm talking about but they just won't listen because 'their hamster hasn't died yet so it's okay wah wah' and I want to fucking slit my throat.

It doesn't help that I attempted suicide and lived, the exact same day my mum and dad's friend died from cancer so I now feel like I took the life of her because I survived my suicide attempt and, to be honest, I want to kill myself so those two people's hamsters will live and it fucking sucks balls. I think I will attempt tonight because I crave it now. Like, actually crave it, I want nothing more than to slit my throat or my wrists or take all the tablets in my house. I just wanted them to listen but, no, everyone gangs up on me cause apparently I'm annoying and stuff. I just can't with life. I'm nothing more than a miserable piece of shit which sticks to people's shoes and they can't get rid of it. I'm literally the lowest thing in existence and noone can tell me otherwise.