the only thing left to dolike for everyone on the planet 2020 has been bad for me. but this has definitely been the worst year of my life. my ex broke up with me a week after we told each other that we loved each other for the first time. he then tormented me emotionally for a month after the break up because he insisted on being friends and that i was his best friend and he’d never be able to be with someone again, while he went and got a new girlfriend a few months later, while i laid in bed everyday crying for a month because i had lost the one person who i could actually talk to without fear of judgement over my trauma, because we had both had difficult childhoods. i’m long over the emotional connection we had, but i still can never have any trust in a romantic relationship again. I thought i had finally started building up a relationship with my mother, who emotionally, verbally, and sometimes physically abused me all throughout my childhood. until she decided to choose her new fiancé over me and throw me out during covid, when i had already been kicked off my college campus because of the pandemic. i went to live with my best friend who i paid to stay with her, and she threw me out after an argument because i asked her to give me a heads up when she was leaving town for days at a time, so i could physically and mentally prepare, because i had no car, and no access to walk to stores to buy food because her place was in the middle of nowhere. this was days before she was supposed to help me move out of my dorm, and i had to scramble to find and pay for movers. she then made up lies and told people that i was violent towards her and listened in on her therapist sessions, all things i had told her my mother had done to me, that she tried to put on me. my dad found out about the situation, and when he tried to be more present in my life, and let me see my brother, my mom got her lawyers to tell him that letting me see my brother and staying at my fathers house was in violation of their divorce proceedings. summer wasn’t terrible, i was able to escape last minute to my grandparents. but the whole summer i had my one friend using me as her therapist, not caring about the gravity of my situation at all. crying to me that her mom wouldn’t let her use her trust fund, all while i was and am still struggling to pay rent and for school and maintain my scholarship, now that my mom won’t help at all (and she wasn’t much before all of this). when i finally stood up to her and told her that i couldn’t take her problems on top of mine this past week, and that i couldn’t be her therapist and life advisor, i was made out to be like i was horrible, and forced to apologize. my roommate in my apartment this year was one of my closest friends. she begged me to move in with her, and messaged and called me all summer about how she couldn’t wait for me to move in, and even pestered me to move in early, but i couldn’t afford an extra month of rent, which she doesn’t and will never understand, because she’s well off. she came down with covid last month, and when i informed people that i was quarantining, she berated and belittled me, saying that i was disparaging her name for saying i was quarantining, all while she was making jokes about having covid online. it got better and we moved past that , until she started purposely excluding me for another unknown problem she had with me. she’s refused to talk to me about the matter, and when i finally stood up for myself, she told me that she didn’t want to be friends anymore. she continues to make my life a living hell in this apartment, and won’t talk about the problem and just shits on me to everyone. people tried to tell her she was wrong at first, but now they just try and get themselves involved in the gossip. im the only one of my friends that’s gone through real trauma, and when they realize i do have trauma, they choose to treat me like this. they avoid to think about it, it’s easier to step all over someone than to actually show compassion and empathy. i’m just sick of being the bigger person all the time. i’m sick of being treated like i’m some toy for someone else’s self improvement, and only being seen for the benefits i provide someone else, until they deem me useless to fulfill their self centered ego. it’s clear reason doesn’t work. ending it seems like the only option. it’s not for revenge. but maybe a wake up call. that you can’t treat people like they’re nothing. i don’t want other people they encounter to be treated the way they treat me.