I don't know what to doHey guys. First of all, i'm from Turkey so English is not my native language. Please forgive my grammar mistakes. 

I'm a 16 years old gay boy from Turkey. Since i was a child, i've been through really bad situations. At this point, my life is full of problems. I have issues about everything. My physical health, my mental health, my family, my friendships, my dreams, everything. There is a lot to write and i don't know where to start.

I kinda lived a good childhood. Not that good but good. After i had started to grow up, my body shape changed a bit. People used to think that i was a girl, cause i had feminine moves, cause i sounded like a girl. And these things wasn't my fault at all. It was just the way i born. I was a boy but i knew i was not interested in girls. My whole life -from childhood to now- has been full of jokes, insults and abuse about my sexuality and my look. Everyone stares at me when i'm in public. Everyone observes me everywhere because of my look. I have no real friends because i am the weird thing that no one wants to be friends with. I got bullied at school like a billion times (sometimes even by a teacher). And these things were two times worse because Turkey (especially my city) isn't the best gay-friendly country. More than these, even if my family was supposed to support me, they just made it worse and worse. My father is the worst person i've ever known in my life. He is a total dickhead. He always made fun of me, named me (Turkish names that used for gay people like faggot etc.). My sister always called me "the princess" and she thinks it is funny. My mother called me ugly, told me "act like a man!" just because my hair was long. A few months ago i learned that she also calls me "soft" (disgusts me)  when she speaks about me to her friends. As you can see, my family(!) is here to ruin my life and be sure they are doing their best. 

All I told you is just a small part of my story. I have no social life. All I have lived caused anxiety on me. I have dreams like everyone else but I don't know if they will come true.

Nowadays, I've been suicidal because I'm about to lose my hope. I'm so tired of living with my sick/toxic family. I'm tired of getting so mad on myself. Last weekend I tried to run away from home but I couldn't. I turned back and felt like a loser. That's what I always feel. Everyone around me has a life. Has a purpose. And I'm like "wtf am I doing with my life?". I grown up so fast and queried life so early. I don't know what to do anymore. Every single day that I keep living with my family, I'm getting closer to losing my mind. I've been trying to meditate, think positive etc. but I can't stay positive with this family. I also have obsessive compulsive disorder because my psychopath father and sister made me paranoiac.

I want to kill myself because I'm hopeless. I feel so unsafe. I feel like I've failed everything. I feel so weak and unprotected. I am lonely as fuck. I didn't deserve any of these. 

I don't know what can I tell you more. Actually I could explain myself way better if I talked Turkish but there are no good Turkish web sites like Reddit. I just wanted to share.