I am not done with life but my mind is.Hi,

I am 19 years old and my mental suffering journey started in February when Derealization and Depersonalization kicked in because of prolonged stress. I somehow got it managed, the feeling passed completely. BUT HELL, my mind is in a painful, fragile state of excessive, destructive over-thinking! So until August, I was pretty good in coping with my thoughts and I thought my life would be going well...not knowing that things would turn into a nightmare again.

So when July ended, some creepy thoughts about future - which seemed inevitable to not obsess about - occured and put me in a state of pure agony - totally out of the blue.

Since August I've been in a dark place, I had a painful (anxiety) attack because of suicidal thoughts (I didnt want to commit suicide, but it somehow seemed to be so obvious, like a destiny thought). Since that day I cant look at the time without feeling like I should be already dead. I feel like something died in me. I feel like I shouldnt be here anymore. Constantly, the inner voice doesnt seem to quieten. I've worked so hard to quieten it, I intensified my exercises, went out for an intense run whenever those feelings occured.

From others, I know that it is common to be depressed after DPDR, but this is crazy. Exactly on the first day of the next month I have another exacerbation, on the 1st October was another. Since August I havent been able to sleep properly, I also look really really exhausted. My eyes are regularly red, because of the pressure. I have awful nightmares of psychiatric injections and that even this wont help me. I feel more trapped in this life from day to day.

I know what it is like to have severe anxiety. But this is much worse, I cant imagine anything worse than where I am now. Since the feelings have gotten severe the last three weeks, I've done everything to at least give me a glimpse of hope. When I had severe anxiety, those glimpses were so useful!! NOW they just give nothing to me. I see no way out of this Chronophobia, I look at the date and I freak out, I shouldnt be here anymore. I feel terribly bad everytime I wake up, with palpitations, knowing that there is another number on the calendar. When I feel happy, my inner voice tells me "no, suffer". But I cant seem to just give a fuck, no I cant just continue my life like there wasnt anything wrong inside me.

The reason I write here is because I dont see a light, the last thing I wanted to do is being filled up with drugs. Since August life has put my head in a noose and it just seems to tighten more and more.

I dont want to suffer, I want peace. I used to like life two months ago (!), but now I dont know what it is to have a "normal thinking mind". No matter where I am, I cant find comfort, nowhere. I seriously have no clue how I got into that misery, why I am so fucking sensitive because of a thing that is actually an illusion (time). I think my issue doesnt seem to be psychologically treatable because it is unexplainable, as much as DPDR was.

Life is now at a point where it gets unbearable, I see no point in putting any effort in my survival every day, every hour that passes feels like this noose in my head tightens. I hope for a miracle to happen. Seriously, I think there is a higher force that wants to kill me, or my mind which doesnt do anything but putting me in a state of pure hopelessness. I cant even explain what I feel, it is so confusing. I havent attended my first 2 weeks of university because I am severely depressed.

The scariest shit is, I cant picture myself in future anymore, when I look at the tour dates of 2018 of my fav. bands, I feel like I wont experience that anymore, it seems like suicide is inevitable! Fuck my mind.

The mind is my worst enemy.