just want to sleep forever, that's allI'm really sick of being.. well, sick. I've dealt with depression, borderline personality disorder, and PTSD since my early teens, not to mention a slew of anxiety disorders, and it seems every time I start to feel I'm doing OK something happens to totally knock me back down to rock bottom.

I'm in therapy, on medication, but if I miss a day's meds I go right back to considering self-harm, considering running away, or other (worse) thoughts. I missed an appt with my therapist last week and I can't even drum up the enthusiasm to call and reschedule because a) I'm afraid she'll be upset with me b) our last few sessions, I seemed to just be annoying her and taking up her time and c) I have nothing but the same old shit to talk about anyhow.

I got a job, a few months back, which I was very happy about. I love the company and I love the work. Problem is, the aforementioned issues make it difficult for me to be on time -- I have sleep problems and my anxiety issues often put me in a "fight or flight" mode so that I can't adequately prepare for events, even little things like getting ready for work. So right now I'm likely to lose my job because of my excessive tardiness. As you can guess, this only makes me MORE anxious and depressed than I ordinarily am!

I live with relatives, in an uneasy truce because they'd be much happier if I wasn't there at all, and they just returned from a two-week trip. I spent half my paycheck and all day today - my first day off since they left - cleaning the house, in the hopes they'd feel welcomed back and be grateful. When I went downstairs, I found an angry note calling me "inconsiderate" for leaving the dishes unfinished and not cleaning out the fridge. I finished the dishes and then sat in the car for an hour and a half crying before coming back to empty the fridge.

Yesterday and today have both been very difficult days for me. Twice today I had to talk myself down from a full-blown panic attack, and yesterday I got so upset while trying to clean my son's room that I accidentally broke a window while moving boxes. I sat for half an hour seriously considering self-harm and making gloomy predictions for the future of our family before I could go apologize for scaring him with my behavior.

I feel like my kids are doomed because they have such an absolute waste of life as their parent. They are the only reason I haven't already killed myself, even though, more often than not, they're the ones pushing me over the deep end into horrible depression. I feel like everyone in my life is mad or disappointed in me. I have no career, no education, no home, no friends, and I'm slowly destroying my relationship with the only family members who still give a rat's ass about me. And I chose all of this, I put all of us in this situation by leaving my husband a year ago.

I want to get in the car, start driving, and only stop when I run out of gas. I want to go to sleep and not wake up to this awful shame-filled life any more. I want to disappear. I want to run away. 

If there was enough alcohol in this house I'd drink myself into a blackout. If I'm really lucky I'd manage to give myself alcohol poisoning.

Sometimes I think I should be institutionalized again because these feelings keep coming back. The medication isn't helping, it doesn't even matter. Left to my own devices I just keep coming back to this emptiness, this guilt, this shame. I'm afraid, one of these days, I'm really going to act on these impulses, and then I really will be abandoned by everyone. Sometimes I think I'm just too weak to be part of normal society, because things that other people ignore hit me in the heart and destroy me for days. Like this - I'm probably going to be dealing with this until the week's half over.

Everyone in my life is too preoccupied with their own problems to pay any attention to mine. They treat me like a child but they seem to think, since I'm not "locked up" anymore, I'm "cured". I'm not. I'm deeply hurt and I just want to vanish so I don't have to feel like this anymore. I'm tired of apologizing for my own existence and my stupid mistakes. I'm just so damn tired of everything.



EDIT: hey, thanks for the encouraging words, folks. Right now I'm just trying to stay out of the house as much as possible and looking for alternate places to live. I don't think I can safely put myself back in psychiatric care without risking the loss of my kids to the state or severely damaging family relationships (not my relationship with them, but our relationship w other family members who might feel put upon to care for them), but I'm going to talk w my therapist about it and see what she says. 

I'm still very confused and hurt by the whole "homecoming" incident but I don't think it's very likely that my voice will be heard in that argument. Telling them "oh I'm super depressed right now" is just going to be brushed aside as an excuse. So I'm just going to go along with whatever they have to say and not put up any resistance and continue looking for somewhere to go. I don't particularly like that solution but it involves a lot less drama. They want me out of here anyhow. Part of me suspects this incident was planned as a way of forcing me to leave - partially because of the timing, partially because of its nonsensical and uncharacteristic nature. Obviously there's something going on behind the scenes that I am not privy to, and I'd rather live with strangers than live in a covertly hostile environment.

Still having a hard time, generally, but I expect - barring any further disruptions - I should be passably "sane" by Friday. If I can get a decent amount of sleep and manage to avoid any meaningful interaction with my housemates. 

thanks again, and here's hoping you can enjoy the holidays with people who care, or who are competent enough actors to pretend they do.