Read this or don't, life is pointless anyway.I don't want to die, I just don't want to live anymore. I took enough drugs that I just woke up after sleeping for 28 hours, and all I wanted was to do the same thing again. The worst thing in life isn't being suicidal, it's getting better and then realizing that you were just pretending to be better. Life isn't great. The people that have their shit together and go about their day and go to classes and do their homework and go out with their friends and graduate and get married and have children and buy a house and retire and then die are assholes.  How can they all possibly do that? How can you wake up in the morning and have the motivation to get out of bed and do the things you need to do? 


I hate everything. I hate being sober and I hate being alive and I hate that I have to do things that I don't want to do. I don't even want to post here, but there's nowhere else I can say all this crap without sounding but like an attention whore. I have no friends. Literally zero friends and not a single person I can talk to about anything of value. I spend my days going to college then going straight home back to bed. I sometimes have to hang out with my parents, but that really sucks because I have to pretend to be okay. I don't even want my cat anymore, who used to bring me so much joy and pleasure. I just want someone to come take her away so she's not stuck in the house where her owner is a miserable wreck.


I used to believe that my feelings were the cause of a chemical imbalance in my brain and that if I went to a psychiatrist then they could help me learn how to function again. I don't believe that anymore because psychiatrist are just regular people with their own problems trying to solve someone else's problems. 


I used to believe that if you surround yourself with positive people then their positivity can rub off on you. All I learned on that account is that positive people are just a different breed of humans that can somehow convince themselves that anything matters. 


I used to believe in love and family, but then I learned that love is a lie and your family is just stuck with you because you happen to share the same genes. 


I don't believe in anything anymore. I don't believe that life gets better. Everyone says that if you're suicidal then you have nothing left to lose and you can just go do whatever you want and eventually you'll find meaning to life again. Personally I think that's a load of crap. Life doesn't get better if you go do the things you normally wouldn't do in places you normally don't visit. All that does is make you miserable in another location. 


I just don't see the point of it all. What's the point of going to college, what's the point of eating, what's the point of leaving the house, what's the point of trying to find things to fill your time. Nothing gets better, and if you feel like it's getting better than you're just fooling yourself. I thought I was getting better, and I spent a few months being super motivated and super excited about life. And then I realized it's all just pointless. Life is just pointless. Everything sucks and then you die. But even killing yourself requires motivation, so I wish I just got hit by a car or something.


I used to be great. I don't mean that to sound like I'm bragging or anything, I seriously used to be great. I was always  smart, I was talented, I was pretty, I was good at school, I had lots of friends, I was social and I did things outside of my house, I was caring, I was kind, and I believed that my life was going to generally good. The past few days I have completely and utterly changed my outlook on life. No matter what I do I always end up back in the same place, here. I end up back at the realization that I don't matter and I never will. If I was gone the world would be exactly the same, the only difference being that for a few months my parents would be sad. Love and joy are a lie. In the grand scheme of things my existence doesn't matter.