There seriously has to be acceptable solutions and responses to people that seriously just want to end their lives with no pain.So instead of saying why I hate my life i'll just c/p my facebook post.

"
Boy I wish there was a way to like have income for family after death. And a way to instantly die painlessly. I'm Straight up sick of life. Living with family and now with fucking people I don't even know is miserable. Always being in debt is miserable. Being single literally my whole life is miserable, did you know I'm a 30 year old virgin? That's pretty fucking miserable and pathetic! Having a ridiculous amount of free time and nobody or nothing to spend it on/with is miserable. Having no clue what you would even be doing a few years from now that is positive is pretty miserable. Knowing there is literally nothing that is going to change any of this is also miserable as fuck.


Guess my plans this weekend is trying to find out the best way to keep to myself until i finally have the courage to kill myself!"

I guess since I hate my life I am an attention whore according to some! Judging by responses such as "You wish you had cancer after I told you I had cancer? You really are a miserable dick. Get a job if you need money that damn bad. I know blind people in wheelchairs with severe mental health issues who work. Stop making fucking excuses as to why you can't do shit. Maybe if you weren't obsessed with getting your 30 year old dick wet you could find some ambition. You don't care about helping others but you want all of Facebook to care about your virgin dick? Suck that shit up and do something to make your life better, instead of bitching and whining for attention."

Like there really is just nothing I can do right apparently. Joined the military when I was 18, pretty much was a failure most my time in there, my commander hated everything about me and made sure I felt like the piece of shit I am until I got out, got out tried to go to school, found out I couldn't even do that because I have some kind of mental block and I cannot retain information to save my fucking life. Been doing nothing but collecting my disability for the past 8 years. 

Now I just live paycheck to paycheck(paychecks that I dont even earn) while going to the casino and losing a lot of it and also telling myself I will "do better" and just never do it. 

I'm sorry for even posting this, I am just frustrated beyond belief. I know most of my problems, but I am either too lazy or unwilling to fix them and just seek attention. I guess i'm a masochist, I am just really sick of living such a pathetic life and really want a way for me to go away painlessly while not leaving my family behind with nothing to show for it and just hope things are just better.