I don‘t know what to do anymore.I suffer from severe GAD and health anxiety. I get random pains all over my body and other symptoms everyday, and everytime I'm convinced its cancer or a heart attack or something deadly and I just can't deal with all the fear anymore. I'm scared to death every day and its just exhausting. 
Whenever I hug a loved one goodbye, in my head its the last time I'll ever see them. If they don‘t answer the phone, in my mind they must be dead. Its so emotionally draining.
 
I tried meds and therapy, its not working. It didn't get better at all. Meds just made it worse, so I stopped. Therapy didn't do a single thing. I was just told things I already knew. Only thing that is working like a charm are benzos, but I'm staying the hell away from them after reading all those withdrawal and addiction stories.

Work makes me sick to my stomach. I never had a job I was happy in. I feel like a slave, doing stuff I hate to survive. When i get home I'm so exhausted that I'm just heading to bed. So everyday is work eat sleep repeat. I can't deal with this anymore. Why do I drag myself to work if I hate it so much just so I can survive until the next day to work some more? It's sick. I want to die so much. 
I already quit my job but I have to drag myself in for the next 3 months and the thought of this is making me want to suicide even more and when I think about my next job I just know that it will be something I hate too. I don't want to work my whole life for a fucking company I don't care a single bit about. I always wanted to help people, do something good, but where I'm from its nearly impossible to get into social work. I tried, I tried so hard, but failed again and again and I'm just too exhausted to try anymore.

Only thing that's stopping me from suicide is my family. My parents are the best parents one could imagine, and I really don't want to hurt them. But does this mean I will have to be in mental pain for the rest of my life just so to spare them pain? There has to be another solution, hasn't it? Can someone please tell me what to do? 
Suicide is all that's on my mind for weeks. I know that people like to say suicide isn't a solution. But when every day of your life is just pain and terror, and nothing you did makes it any better, what else can you do?