No one to talk to. Just need to let it out because it's worrying me how bad it hurts. NAWI need to get these thoughts out of my head and onto something else. They've done nothing but swim in my mind for months. I see a doctor and a therapist but my insurance stopped and I can't go back until July. I've had this handled before, it's been a very dark world for me since April.  I have want to hurt myself for the third straight day in a row. I wish I could talk about how bad this is. There is no room for me to be this way. Others around me have moods that are so up and down I can't bring myself to be that vulnerable. The other day I had to stop driving because the urge to flick the wheel one wrong way was so intense. 
I don't matter. 
I always grew up thinking things would get better. That I would stop pulling my hair to feel. That I wouldn't hit my head on walls until it bruised in knots under my scalp for days afterwards. 
Is this it? Am I only supposed to feel insignificant?  I don't want to be that. There isn't anything I can do. After all these years I've tried to stay strong and do something different if one thing didn't work to be better. I'm nothing. I don't matter. The world I live and exist in would be a better place if I weren't in it. All I do is make people feel guilty for the things they do. Why do I do that? Why can't I make people feel happy for the things they do? I only make people feel bad. What a shitty person to exist. That is the opposite of what I want to do. All I want to do is make people happy and I can't do that. Why can't I do that? So many people make me so happy. Why can't I be enough? I wasn't enough to make my dad stop drinking. I wasn't enough to my mom for her to even care about nearly killing herself for years. All I'm good for is for people to take out their bad feelings on and shut up while I absorb them. I am put on this earth to be a sponge to everyone else's problems and wrath. I don't do anything I can't do anything to be anything good. Which I don't understand because that's all I try to do. I don't want to live anymore. I don't want to wake up tomorrow. I wish I could tell someone how much I mean that. No one cares to be a sponge for me. Anything I put out get slapped back at me and just ends up hurting me even more than I hurt now. I don't want people to be sad if I died. I just want to be like I never existed. If I died that's when everyone would wish they listened. That's when they will say how much they cared. I need to hear that now. If I say "you don't care" all I get is yelled at now. If I fucking killed myself they would be crying saying how much they cared. Why doesn't anyone ever listen to me? Why does it always need to get drastic before anyone takes what I'm saying seriously? I always have to end up in shambles to be listened to and validated.  I don't want to live in shambles anymore. I was never meant to be a shattered person walking around this earth living this pathetic life. 
It's so hard for me to have my nails this long. Now all k think about is digging them into my legs until I break my skin. I don't want anyone to ask me questions, yell at me, judge me so I won't do it because I don't want to leave marks. I just want to be held and loved for no fucking reason. Not because I'm so pathetic. Can I just die already and get it over with? Living is really all so overrated. It makes me sad thinking back growing up I thought it really would be so wonderful. The only wonderful thing is that it will end. Just not soon enough. 