Reached the endHi everyone.

Tldr at the bottom 

First let me tell you about myself.
I'm a 26 year old guy from from Sweden. I am currently living and working in Bucharest, Romania.
I have no contact with my family and friends back home in Sweden, basically the only person I have in my life is my Romanian girlfriend.

I recently moved to bucharest from a different town in Romania, and my girlfriend is supposed to come join me in two weeks time.

Oh, I forgot to say that I am a compulsive gambler. 
Gambling has flipped my life upside down many times now.
The first time when I was 21.
I crashed my car and received a big lump sum from the insurance. I went to the casino and lost it all. This is where my addiction started.
I started pushing my family and girlfriend away. I ended up stealing money from my workplace to fuel my addiction. Me and my girlfriend broke up.
One thing lead to another and I moved to Ireland. This was back in 2012.

I spent 4 years in Ireland, working and gambling. I didn't save a cent even though I had a pretty good job. 
2016, I'm now 25. On top of the gambling I had also become a heavy drinker. Things spiralled out of control. I was depressed, had no friends and two addictions. 
April 2016, I stop going to work and get fired.

July 2016, I'm out of money and hope.
Out of the blue I get a job offer from a company in Romania. They offer to fly me over and pay me a 1000euro relocation bonus. 
I accept the offer and move.

December 2016, I loose all my money in the casino a week before Christmas, no gifts bought yet. I tell my girlfriend (whom i've been seeing since August) that I forgot my bag with wallet on the bus. She later finds out the truth.

January-june 2017, it feels like I started getting out of the gambling addiction. 
July 2017, I loose all my savings (4000euro, not much in everyone's eyes but i never had savings before) I have to sell my computers to be able to pay for rent.

August 2017, I move to Bucharest. First months rent paid with my last salary before starting my new job. Lose the remaining amount in the casino.

30th August 2017, I get paid from my new job. Lose it all in casino.

2nd September 2017, 3 days until rent is due. I sell my PlayStation (which would have been enough to cover my rent). I headed into town after selling it. I lost the money in the casino. 

I haven't told my girlfriend that I don't have money for rent and I'm not planning on doing it either.

I'm tired of my self destructive behaviour and how it negatively effects my girlfriend.


Tl:Dr

This is my last weekend alive. Sunday or Monday evening I am getting wasted and then cutting myself in the bathtub. 
The only person who knows where I am, my girlfriend, is a 6 hour drive away.
Kind of sad that losing 220 euro pushed me over the edge.

