Death, Suicidal Thoughts.I wouldn’t say death is something I look forward to. But I’m glad that one day, everything, everything from the tiniest atom to the biggest problems all first acknowledged in your life, gone. You won’t feel sad nor happy. You won’t even be yourself. You passed the stage of life and you’re about to experience something beyond it.

Suicide, not something I want to come to, but I’d say that because that’s ‘living’ in life. Coming to that for whatever is ‘after’ is considered moving on and away. But if I were to do that, I would just think of a day to consider it. And by that, I mean a pistol, sitting down, aimed to the head and playing a song to think it through. That song that takes you so deep into the suggest so you test yourself, to the point of a near-death experience. 

Hurting those around you, why would you want to leave a mark on earth? Why do you seek something once you’re gone? Don’t let anyone be hurt because you’ve moved on. The suicide note itself has to be different. Don’t bring tears and sadness while it’s being read, bring anger and hate. That will automatically heal them and you would’ve done them a favour. You would also be able to take that aspect of fearing suicide away. 

Once I sit down, I think of how I’ve lived life. 

Remembering the happiest moments, if I can remember them assuming they were just moments, as they’re no longer present/a result to anything. I realise and think to myself what I’m truly going to become. Think of the sadness that is yet to arrive. The people you love, dying. The things you’re going to wait so long for, vanished. 

Remembering the saddest moments, of course no one would have no trouble do this. I just realise how isolated I am in my mind. How many times I thought I was sure I’d never feel again, I’ve only been damaged even further. The times where I went beyond my guard and experience and try something I thought wouldn’t be possible to express, just another stranger.

And that’s it. I would just be a spilt second away. I’d find the courage to pull just half, and all of a sudden, accidentally, whatever, the bullet went perfectly through. You’re gone. You’ll be found, whatever it no longer matters. You no longer have anything to do with everything you’ve got now. 

Death is after life. It’s not a step backward. It’s the last thing you’ll experience. You either go to the so-called heavens or in the deepest of unknown space. Or whatever you could possibly, possibly imagine. Just like back in life, people telling you what life after death is like they’ve been through it themselves. All they did was just follow like sheep. Read and spread. Believe in some bullshit so you’re not even allowed to enjoy the only thing that you’re 100% sure is real, living as a human being.