i need helpi’m lying here sobbing into the covers bc i don’t want anybody to hear me even tho all i fucking want more than anything is to be held and cry into someone’s chest. 

why does everyone else’s trauma turn them into a good person? why did my trauma just make me angry and spiteful and malicious? i feel like a rabid street dog with no home no love and nobody but the fleas on my back to keep me company. my dog even prefers other people to me. 

i hate my job i hate where i live i don’t have any money and no matter how fucking hard i try no matter how many applications i submit (over 100 now! i keep a spreadsheet) my portfolio is never good enough. my art is fucking garbage and i’m wasting my time in any artistic pursuit. 

i paid someone to review my shit professionally and i’m STILL not getting any call backs. i feel like the world’s shittiest designer/artist bc even my craft shit feels like child’s play compared to what i’ve seen other people do with the same mediums. even if i wasn’t comparing myself i have no confidence in my abilities and not having a support system doesn’t make it any easier. 

i feel like i’ve been love starved my whole life and now when someone tries to show me compassion i reject it bc it’s unfamiliar, but i’m dying for a fucking human connection. i’m dying to have someone outside of my partner to talk things thru and spend time with. 

i don’t mean cheating i just want a fucking friend!!!! i’m so sick of sex i just want someone to fucking talk to. 

earlier today i was feeling suicidal and raked my brain for someone to talk to bc i needed a connection and found.... no one. so i had to text one of the hotlines in order to have a conversation with a human and start to relax. it only worked for so long. 

i hate that i can’t even explain myself without always making myself the victim. i hate that i don’t know how to human bc i was denied so much social interaction growing up. i hate that even tho i am so adamant about working thru things in therapy, i don’t find myself getting better, just repeating the same old habits and self sabotaging every single time. i hate feeling trapped i hate feeling hopeless but above all i just hate me.