Be me, alone.16yo male, alone. 

I’ve been alone for a while now. Since the 26th of September to be exact. I don’t have any friends, don’t have a girlfriend anymore, when I say anymore I mean I had one but she broke up with me after five days in September 2017. I am alone. I spend most if not all of my days alone. I go to school, I’m alone. I have people I sit with at break and lunch but they just ignore me, if I say anything they just act awkwardly and I’ve never seen them outside of school. I go home and I sit, cry, cry some more, and then wait for the next day to do what I usually expect to be the exact same thing. I haven’t been out with anyone from school since September, 5 months, almost 6 months since. No one wants to go out with me anywhere, people just forget I exist. 
No one thinks of me in their spare time, no one remembers I exist outside of school, or even in school at times. No one lays in bed at night thinking of me lovingly. Or even at all, maybe resentfully at most.
 No one ever seems to want to be around me. I don’t think anyone loves being around me, or treasures being with me. I don’t blame them, but still. It’s not like I’m mean to people, maybe they think I’m boring. Because people don’t go out with me I get depressed and because I’m depressed I look depressing so people don’t go out with me and so on. Do they think I’m a bad person? I haven’t done anything that I know of that’s ‘bad’ or cruel. 

All I want is for people to love me, and for her to be in love with me. I want her to look at me and say my name lovingly, caringly, adoringly. I want people to love being around me and cherish moments with me. 

I want to be loved.

But that’s not my life right now, that’s not the way it is for me. That’s a hope, a dream, a want. That’s not my life right now. 
I am alone, I don’t want to be, I love people.
I’m an extrovert without the chance to be an extrovert. A bird with its wings cut, bleeding and stomped on. 

I am sad but I don’t want to be, angry but I don’t want to be, depressing but I don’t mean to be.

I am alone, but I don’t want to be.