I may have ruined my brother's day.My brother spent the night with me on Friday because he was doing a show in town and had no place else to stay. I happily welcomed him since I never have any company. The next morning (that is, yesterday), we went out to eat. He had a gift card to one of the best restaurants in town so I happily took him up on his offer.

It was a wonderful place that served delicious food. Nothing could have ruined the experience, except for me of course.

Context: I am a fifth year college student who failed just enough to be one class shy of graduating on time. This means that I have to pay for my last semester out of pocket. I'm allergic to hard work but have one job that I almost never go to. I applied for a second job on Friday morning and will likely have to work full time and both jobs to afford this semester. My brother made it clear that if I couldn't pay for it all, I would have to move back home with my parents.

More context: my parents are the bane of my existence. I despise them, even if I love them. I love them because it is expected, but they have made my life very difficult for the last 22 years. They're religious nutcases and know I'm an atheist. For some strange reason, they've just ignored that fact for the last year, though they did disown me for a couple of weeks. They're obsessive and clingy and want to be in control of my life. They're incredibly stressful, and if I have to move back in with them, well... you'll find out in a second.

Enough context.

Upon having him tell me that, I promised him that I had a backup plan. He asked what it was: I looked him in the eye and casually said "a bullet to the brain." It was something of a joke, but in all reality that *is* the plan. I will die before I move in with them again. I've been suicidal on-and-off for the last four years, but if I have to move home that will be the breaking point.

Needless to say, he was extremely unimpressed. He gave me the usual "suicide is selfish" bullshit and then remained silent and refused to look at me for the rest of the meal. On the way home, he reminded me that "it could always be worse," pointing out the homeless people on the street, until we finally returned to my apartment and he left.

Writing this post has made me remember that I'm out of alcohol. I need a drink.