Hate my life, thinkin about killing myself.Hey, i'm 25 years old polish living in uk. Over one year ago, my wife cheated on me and left me for someone else moving back to poland and taking with her our doughter, she is 5 now. She turned her against me, and now my doughter doesnt even want to know me. Before we split my doughter beeb begging my wife to stay as she loved me to bits and she wanted to live with her dad... i still cant get over it. 11 months ago i moved and met this girl next door. She had 2 kids already and been alone with them. It all turned in to amazing relationship, Fact that she had w kids was even better for me because im too scared to have my own kids again, but i like kids and wanted to have a family. We used to be so much alike with this new girl, same priority's, same targets in our life's... Then we went for this holiday together with her parents, her parents always controlled her life, they picked car for her, they even picked wall colours in her house... For some uknown to me reason they didnt like me. And since then this girl started to backing off me. 2 days ago she said that her parents doesnt want us to be together, and that she love me but we cant be together anymore and there is nothing i can do about it. Now i just feel empty, lost my wife i been together with for 7 years (she was wrong person so i dont care), lost my doughter and she hates me now too, And now lost women that i thought she will be the one i will spend rest of my life with, gave her all my love, my heart, my time. Even turned down good job offer to not loose time with her. In the end i ended up living with my sister, have job i hate, cant quit because of car and other things on finance i took back then when i lived with wife and doughter to make theirs lifes better. Feel like i'm stuck in this shitty life, cant enjoy myself, everything that always matters for me was the person i'm with. Cant think about anything i could be doing. Cant change my life because im stuck in this job and got this finance. All i can think off now is to kill myself or someone else and go to jail.