I AM a Pathetic CowardEverything scares me. Everything. Not really the existential stuff, I can't even get that far. I'm to busy worrying about what that strange smell is. Is it an electrical fire in my walls? Is that chemical smell going to make me sick or give me a migraine? Am I going to have a flare-up and be in severe pain tomorrow? Will something I eat cause me to be sick? Will I run out of medication before I can see the doctor? Will the infection in my mouth travel to my brain? Is my dog going to get out of the yard and hurt someone or another animal? Am I going to have yet another severe panic attack? Will I ever be able to leave my house alone again? Will I survive this disease? Do I want to survive it? 

These are just a fraction of the questions that run through my head daily on a continuous loop. I have not progressed past age 16 even though I'm 39 years old.  I am utterly worthless and pathetic. The type of human being that is a drain on society and everyone else around them. I have no value, I contribute nothing to this world. The only way I can make it through each day is by promising myself I'll end it all tomorrow. My luck, I'll even fail at that. I am a living, breathing, worthless piece of shit. I am what others fear they might become. Hope is a four letter word. It's vulgar. It profane. I am a fucking pathetic excuse for a human being.

No need to reply, I don't deserve your time. There are younger people with actual potential that have posted here. Help them. They may have just failed a test or a semester and now their life is over. You know, real life problems. There's kids who's girlfriends won't text them back and now they want to die. You know, the real serious struggles of life. I feel bad for them, they have no idea how much worse its going to get. I just needed to rant. Please just move along but know that I existed. This paranoid' pathetic excuse for a human being, taking up space and wasting your precious resources. Thanks for reading.