I just need to choose a place...My car is almost ideal. It is in need of repairs and has been parked for months. If I hid in the back, my body wouldn’t be found for awhile. One problem is that once I’m in the car, I’m in; I won’t be able to smoke in the car and I won’t be able to get out of the car to smoke. My plan involves getting drunk and I smoke when I drink. I don’t want my plan derailed because my drunk ass needs a smoke. Another problem is that my car is the only valuable thing I’ll leave behind in this world. My family could sell it to pay for my funeral. I would hate to ruin its resale value by using it as a tomb.

I’ve considered getting a hotel room. I like the idea of prepping the bathroom for my suicide and then enjoying the main room until I’m ready to go. I also really like the idea of dying near running water, even if it’s just a shower that wasn’t turned off. The problem is that I would need the room for at least 2 nights. 3 to be on the safe side. I know I shouldn’t be worried about money because I’m dying, but the thought of dropping a few hundred bucks on a decent hotel room gives me pause. Also, would that dying near water thing be worth it if room service comes knocking the first morning to find out why I’ve been running the shower all night?

I’ve also thought about getting a tent. The upside to the tent is that my death would look like an accident if I did it right. My family might get a life insurance payout if I pulled it off. The downside is that doing it “right” would cost more than the hotel room. If I hid the tent in the woods at the edge of town, my body might not be discovered until the winter, but everyone would know what I had done. I don’t really like camping. The only upside was the potential life insurance payout. If I can’t finf happiness in life, shouldn’t I at least be content when I die?

I’ve also toyed with the idea of “accidentally” locking myself in the garden shed on a rainy night. Maybe I drunkenly lit the barbecue to keep warm and accidentally died. But the shed locks from the outside and the barbecue needs to be plugged in so I don’t see how I could make it look like an accident.

What do you think? Where would you kill yourself if you decided to end your life?