Everything is wrong, Nothing is wrongIf you were to take an objective look at my life, you would say that I've had nothing but everything given to me. My family didn't grow up super wealthy, but we were always comfortable. My parents didn't abuse me, they were actually the most supportive. I am pretty attractive, and I've always excelled at school.

There was an event in my childhood where at around the age of 7 three guy friends and I did sexual things. They were all of my age, and I don't remember anything being forced, but then again there's much that I don't remember.

I am currently a junior at a very respected University, but I have taken a semester off due to my issues. There's honestly nothing I remember from elementary school, very very little from middle school, and vaguely remember high school. 

By the time I was a sophomore in high school, I was diagnosed with depression. I started taking anti depressants and going to therapy. The medicine was pretty unnoticeable, and therapy didn't do much and still doesn't. By my senior year I was off the medicine and trying to decide where to go to college.

Up to this point my whole life had been on autopilot, and now I had to make all these decisions. I went with what I knew everyone wanted me to go with because ultimately I didn't care. Freshman year went and I hated my major, sophomore year comes and suddenly everything bad happens.

My girlfriend since freshman year and I had a nasty breakup and she left the whole country. All my mutual friends with her abandoned me because of reasons I'll get into later, and a close friend of mine suddenly decides I'm not who he wants to be friends with and calls the police to make up all kinds of stories about me. 

All of those things are crazy, but semi deserved. For as long as I can remember, I have been numb. Numb to myself and the world around me. That includes emotions. I can feel happiness and sadness and everything in the moment, but once I'm out of it, I'm back to dead neutral. I didn't feel a thing when my grandmother died, I didn't feel a thing when I cheated on my girlfriend (different one from earlier), and it's easy to ignore the feelings I do have.

All those friends noticed my lack of feelings, and combine that with a struggle to accept responsibility, and you could see a lot of psychopathic traits. And this is where all my conflict comes from.

Am I a psychopath? It really is easy to just not feel, and I don't ever regret anything. Every psychopath test that I've seen has said that I am one, but I do feel. I wouldn't say that I've ever loved anyone, but I miss people when they're gone. 

If I am a psychopath then there's nothing that I can really do to help it, and I will always feel the way I do. Or it's all depression and I can get better eventually- but I have seen no progress at all.

I have been very depressed lately, and I currently am semi suicidal. I'm not about to do it, but I almost did just slit my arms. In fact I did cut some, but there's just something holding me back.

I just feel like my life is a disaster and sad, and it's all my fault that it's like this. I don't know what I am, or what I want to do. The only thing I know is that I hate the world as it is, and one way or another I want to fix it.

I'm sorry for such a long rant, I'm just alone now and needed to just tell someone something.