I feel so useless and depressed for stupid shit reasons but I wanna ropeidk where I’m going with this at all, I’m just really really flustered and I feel like dying.
I’m not exactly the most mentally stable person, I’ve been depressed for years, it’s an up and down thing. Recently yesterday i felt so alone, even though I was with my friends, I felt like I wasn’t there with them, it was just my body that was. Just felt so empty, and lost. Fast forward to last night when I had a depressive episode and felt so lonely and wanted to make myself cry, I found the perfect outlet: reddit. i decided that the only way to make myself feel the shittiest I’ve ever been is to ask for rates. So I did, and I got one shitty rate saying I was way below average, which I honestly didn’t expect, but I achieved the goal of wanting to make myself feel like shit. After that I got some above average rates, but no I feel like these people pity me and my incompetence to have self esteem. I can’t believe I’ve reduced myself to a number.  I never cared about rates. From then on, I thought that small ounce of self esteem I had would still exist within me, but everything is gone. I feel like I’ve become socially anxious overnight. I stepped outside my house today and couldn’t breathe at all once I was exposed to people. Felt like an ugly contaminated piece of shit who is just contaminating the earth. A piece of shit that doesn’t deserve to live. I want to cry when I look at the mirror, and I’m dreading ever stepping outta my house, I just wanna rope , idk why I care so much about what people think about my looks, it just hurts a lot . I told my friends but ofc they’re my friends they would only try to reassure me that all this is true cuz then again everyone pities me and I honestly dunno where I’m going with this 
Also I’m useless af, people who are my age (20) already have careers of their own while I am still a useless undergrad, my family makes fun of me for being fat though I’m not, I’m ugly I’ve been sexually assaulted idk wtf is another reason for me not to leave this world and finally be happy except for my kind bf who happens to be the only one who genuinely cares about me and what’s so “awesome” is he is in another country 