Non-Combat Soldier Suffering PTSD/Suicidal Tendencies**originally posted this in IaMa but felt it more appropriate put here.**

Been wanting to let this out for a while. I am in the National Guard and deployed to Afghanistan recently. I traveled to multiple bases setting up communications equipment, some big camps, some small supporting route clearance missions. I am not infantry and experienced little small arms fire contact and/or direct fire. When we weren't on missions we were rocketed every day for about 10 months. A lot at night and some times 4 or 5 rockets and nothing for 4 hours, then 2 or 1 more and nothing for the rest of the morning. Every time we were attacked they played this horrible alarm over the entire base. I would look over from my bunk and see my buddy hit the ground and hope I would still be alive after the 2nd hit. After 4 or so months I didn't give a fuck about bunkers or barriers, if I was gonna die I would go out with my headphones in listening to NIN. The last month I had 2 rockets on separate occasions hit within 25-50 meters from me. One throwing shrapnel through a friend I had met earlier that week. Never saw her again.

I came home for R&amp;R and being it was the first day my family wanted to pick me up from the airport and take me out. We went from the airport to the mall and I instantly felt sick when we walked in. So many people, so much noise. The alarms from the arcade we passed sent me kneeling brushing my fingers on the floor. I remember feeling so fucking stupid looking at my mom and her tearing up trying not to be upset.

I am 25 years old, 2 kids from different mothers one of which left a month before I got home and later found out gave me a permanent std, divorced and homeless living out of my truck and storage unit and sometimes my mom's basement. If it wasn't for my great job I would be completely fucked and in jail from non-payment of child support. I barely get to see my kids, all I do is work and go to the gym. Sometimes when I drive I will go as fast as I can swerving through back roads practically drifting until I feel myself losing control. Randomly put myself in the most dangerous situations I can find... I don't consider myself a pussy, but fuck if I don't feel that way every day. Get deeply depressed, especially when loud noises make me flinch. I am constantly shaking and have so many nervous twitches I don't know where to start.

The fucked up part about all this is...... I can't watch videos from the war or see pictures without wanting to go back. All I think about is going back, like I am so out of place here, I shouldn't be here, I don't belong. I should be back overseas doing missions. I don't consider myself brainwashed, I barely agree with anything we are doing. It's just something inside me that needs more, like regular life is too fucking dull and boring.

My best friend I deployed with feels the same way and lives close by me. Sometimes I hold my glock staring at it...dry firing it contemplating getting the fuck out of this mess and my life. My friend is just as suicidal so calling him is a bad idea. His tent burned down after getting hit with a rocket 3 minutes after he walked out to check a computer. I don't know if all soldiers feel this way or what. I am so afraid to get judged by soldiers and civilians for feeling this way. I feel like such a bitch, never been blown up, never got shot(been shot at), didn't lose any close friends(lost people I knew and talked to but not close to), wasn't in the streets knockin down doors. I hate my fucking life.... I just had to tell someone because it is eating me up inside.


tl;dr: I am fucked in the head from rocket attacks and the atmosphere of war.
