Cannot Dig Out From Who I AmI have the distinct feeling that I'm too late, and have been too strenuously conditioned.  As much as I wish I could just be [anyone] else - just entirely change myself - I rationally know that's impossible.

I'm 33 now; I've been in therapy and hypnotherapy for five months, started my second month on meds.  Nothing is working to help ease my desire to leave  this body and personage.  I cannot possibly see any efficacy in taking these medications.

It feels too late, and too far gone to change my habits.  Additionally, although I've worked hard my entire adult life, I have about $12k in debt ($2k of which came from a 30 minute ER visit over being suicidal) and about $500 in savings.  I don't have the resources, time (if I want to live, and just keep sustaining myself), and no further energy to take some ill-fated shot at trying to be someone different 

I was with my Fiance for nine years, before she died from cancer at age 33 back in 2016.  I know she loved me to some degree, but now I feel as if I've realized that maybe she stayed with me because it was easier than the alternative, given her condition.

I was academically dismissed from University in 2006; My deep loneliness, severe inattentive ADD, depression and self-criticism made me just plain stop trying.  I ended up enrolling in classes I never once attended, and in one semester tanking my academic career.  My Uni was completely unwilling to hear me out or help in any way.  Out of shame, I enrolled in two other Community Colleges, each with the same end result.

I moved home, started working and met my Fiance.  For the next nine formative years - my twenties - I worked and tried to have a normal life with my Fiance.  I managed to work my way up from the bottom of three separate companies to some sort of middle-management or skilled technical job through sheer hard work, because the shame of my past full of failure laid at my core.  As she went in and out of sickness, I worked more, spent more time in Hospitals and Oncological appointments.  I don't regret anything I did to help her, she truly was special in every conceivable way.

But, here I am.  I've been depressed my entire life, struggled with ADD my entire life, and had trouble just socially being a normal person at any stage of my life.  I now live in Austin, full of young, vibrant, and successful people who want to live life.  People who sit in the sun, laughing and sipping drinks carelessly.  People who have lived diverse phases of life, who have desires and goals they feel they can accomplish, and have accomplished.

And I reflect on my life.  On my failures, on my age and the reality that it would be so difficult to turn ant of this around, despite what I'm told.  I ruminate on the fact that I've been trying for five months, working hard to rectify a lifetime of depression, and nothing is effective.  I acknowledge the fact that my family doesn't understand, that I can't talk to most of the few people I know because of what they experienced when my Fiance passed.  I hope upon hope that all of the pithy one-liners that anti-suicide Youtube videos, and mental health professionals, and that well-meaning acquaintances can give will help someone.  I have found that I am not that someone, no matter how hard I want to be.