2 months from now I shall dieI've tried to extemporaneously kill myself multiple times in the last week, and I'm going to try again. This time, I will, for once in my life, succeed at something. I will expunge the failure and disgustingly paltry scoundrel that is myself.

I don't want anyone to blame themselves; the fault is my own. No one made this choice for me. It's by my own intransigence that this occurrence surmised. You will all be happier without me. None of you failed me. Everyone processes things differently, and there was good intention behind each of your mental tapestries. I wish for everyone who was involved in my life to have wonderful lives. All of you are strong and capable, with vivacious potential.

My reason: I'm not capable of living in this world. All I want is to feel like a normal person, and to have a normal life—but that's unrealistic. I feel like an alien with respect to other people. I'm tired of the constant, unrelenting, internal, self-induced barrage of tirades. Where these tirades come from is essentially the cognizance that I am not a normal person. I can't remove this cognizance, and I don't think I can do anything about my abnormalities; I've been abnormal my whole life.

I wish my brain would work the way every other person's works; I hate my brain. I wish my cerebrospinal fluid was gasoline so I could set fire to it. I hate my anxiety-provoking hyperfixation with details to the point where accomplishing basic tasks becomes akin to a Sisyphus-level despair. I hate how each tarnished thought which passes through my head feels like a passing through Tartarus. I hate how I'm so incapable of asserting myself. I hate how I physically feel like shit all the time for no apparent reason. I hate the absent celerity of my internal thought processes, such that I feel mentally retarded. I hate how I'm never good enough for anything or anyone. I never will be. Especially considering my introspectively-driven tarnishment of each turbulating thought. I'm encumbered.

My family has never been particularly tight-knit. Similarly, I don't have anyone I'd consider a friend offline. Therefore, my family will forget about me, with there being no one to mourn my absence in-person. I am no one; I am incontrovertibly nothing. My online friends, likewise, will also get over me. I'm nothing special—aside from being abhorrently abnormal. Hell, I'd consider myself a terrible friend, actually—and a terrible person. My facetiousness herein, toward my friends and family, is evidence of the formers. I'm, of course, never good enough for anything or anyone, so all these assertions stand as delegated truths. All these factoids will come to fruition in my passing.

I really don't have a reason to be alive. I don't bring anything to anyone. I'm effectively useless and worthless. If anything, I bring despair to others by being an incessant burden. I'm not funny. I'm not likeable. I'm not smart. I'm not confident. I'm not good. I don't have a future. I'm not handsome. I'm not cool. I'm not organized. I'm not gregarious. I'm an embarrassment. I'm tired. I don't have any reason to care about me, and nor does anyone else.

I didn't ask to have an autistic-type disorder. I didn't ask to be so incredibly sensitive that basic human interaction causes me significant distress. I didn't ask to have my internal worldviews which are so out of tandem with society's general culture such that relating to others is painstakingly painful. I didn't ask to have a nullified childhood and adolescence. I didn't ask to be abused by people who were supposed to care for me. And, quite frankly, I didn't ask to be born. But now I'm asking to die.