I trapped myselfOk, I'm trying to describe what I am experiencing rn without telling you my entire lifestory. Also I suck at english. 

Depressed for about 10 plus something years now. Seeing the therapist for almost 4 years. Had 3 Therapys before him. 
Used to be a creative, but quit painting 2 years ago because it messed up my life. I spent all my time working on developing my skills (didn't work, obviously, hate all my stuff), until I ran out of money, had to quit studying and get a job. I was so broke I couldn't afford food. Had to go dumpster diving and ask my friends for money until I got a job. Job sucks, I get yelled at a lot, it isn't fulfilling work, it makes you feel like a dog that deserves some good kicking and all you want to do when you get home is drink and play games. 

My therapist managed to make me make art again. It was really hard, because I was really afraid to touch anything creatively ever again. Worked out fine for exactly 4 hours. Actually, I had about 2 really nice weeks afterwards. I felt like accepting the challenge of taking responsibility for my own life (cleaning my room, taking better care of myself and shit). But that changed massively. Unfinished stuff is lying on my desk for weeks now. I can't *just do it*. And when I do it, I can't just do it *a little*. I Usually spend entire nights and days just painting, barely eating and only showering like every other day. Once I pick up the brush and work, the burning self hatred returns and I feel like shit for ever. I can hear me yelling at myself when I'm even thinking about making art. Back in the day making art was the only thing I ever needed to do to feel alive and well. It was the only fucking thing that made me feel genuine *love*. When I quit painting 2 yrs ago, I felt empty the entire time. I was basically dead. But I was also terribly afraid to experience that terrible hunger again. 
Now I try to pick it up again and it doesn't work. I can't even enjoy that anymore. The only thing I feel is contempt against myself. For sucking at art, for not accepting any life without making art and for having such a useless passion. 

It made me come to a conclusion: I can't be happy anmore. Even if I had infinite amounts of money, power, and/or sex, there is no point in staying alive. I have killed off my only beloved *thing*, I am at the verge of alcololism, became pretty weak and fat, cut off all contact to my friends ages ago, started cutting myself again after 9 years of not directly harming myself and all I do is browse the internet for egdy memes and play games. Nothing I tried helped, no jogging, taking long walks, fresh air, seeing friends, making new friends, cleaning my flat, focusing on my job, eating healthy. Either it was just bullshit or I coudn't do it for long enough to actually make a positive impact on my life. I am constantly sabotaging myself to make my situation worse, because I don't feel like I deserve any pleasure anymore. 

I am sick of taking any life-advice from friends or family or my therapist. I just want to stop trying to fix a life I don't even want to live. I want to stop living. I didn't work out for me and that's not even sad. I'm fine with that. Life is amazing for most people. It just isn't for me. No hard feelings, it happens. I trapped myself in thinking I was born in the wrong dimension. Therefore I trapped myself in thinking it was fine if I just perished. I am not sad or devastated. Nothing has made more sense to me than the realization that I don't belong on this planet. I just wish I had the courage...