I don't existI just want to write this down, I don't know why. 

Even if I got the perfect advice I would never use it.

I am 23 years old right now and I'm living in my dads basement.

I'm currently  paying a very modest amount of rent to live here, but I'm unemployed so that's eating right into my savings.

I quit my job two months ago when my mothers health started to decline rapidly,

she passed away last month, and now I'm left trying to figure out what to do now that I have nothing holding me to this city. 

I'm not on talking terms with my father, we basically communicate at the bare minimum,  this creates a really fun living environment.  my family also owes my a decent bit of money that I was waiting for before I try to move out on my own..

I'm sell my belongings  to pay for my groceries and phone bill this month.

it seems like my only option right now is to rent a bedroom somewhere and work at McDonalds.. 

I throw ideas around in my head but I keep coming back to the whole offing myself thing,

&amp;#x200B;

I feel like I've been lethargic and lazy for the past 10 years, 

I took all the easy classes in highschool, never had a plan to go to college.

never had a girlfriend. 

never reached any milestones.

I'm addicted to weed nicotine and alcohol, when those stop working I move to other things.

last year I started taking research chemicals to try and have psychedelic experiences where I could figure out what was so fucked up in my head .

I ended up having a mental breakdown that inspiring me to leave the last friends I had. 

I just sent them a text saying I was taking a break . 

I still haven't talked to any of them

&amp;#x200B;

I have so many intrusive thoughts that I;ve given up on distinguishing between

&amp;#x200B;

I feel like my body still has the natural will to live,  but my mind gave up years ago.

working is just fighting so someone who doesn't even want to be here can keep slowly dying 

&amp;#x200B;

If you read all that I feel truly sorry for you.