I have no real plans for my future aside from moving out to a different state and taking my life.I’m 17. I have never attempted to end my life, but for nearly 4 years I have always had the urge to. My anxiety and what I assume is depression first became a real issue when I came back to public school after being homeschooled for nearly 6 years due to anger issues and teachers that would bully me. 

Having no social interaction for that long became a BIG issue when I finally HAD to go back. The first few weeks had resulted in panic attacks and on the rare occasion a violent outburst. When I finally got “comfortable”, I started noticing things as months went on, like past classmates looking at me weird as I pass by, caring too much about someone I shouldn’t then paying for it, and finding myself always wanting to be alone or punching walls where no one could see me.

These things would keep my mind rolling and going on rapid-fire. I began to overthink things and consider drastic methods. As my anger got worse, I started finding that inflicting pain on myself was becoming almost pleasurable and stress releasing. It would always be my hands and knuckles, but never anything else like cutting. I began liking the feeling of playing with fire or going to deadly cliffs that could break at any point. I wasn’t afraid of anything besides the fact that I wasn’t afraid. At some point of school stress and doing my hardest to live up to expectations I found myself staying in bed or sleeping all of the time, crying myself to sleep some nights thinking about what I can and can’t and who I should be. I wanted this feeling to stop so I finally sought out help.

This help wasn’t helpful. They threw me back and forth between this pill and that pill, this therapist and this one, but none of it helped or made me feel better. 

I’ve come to the conclusion that maybe I can’t be helped. I have had happy moments, but they’re gone as soon as they arrive. I’ve been fooled and called names by a “friend” who faked his death as a prank on me and laughed at me when I cried. My parents expect nothing less than the honor role in terms of grades and expect me to excel in everything I can’t. My anger has given me a love for feelings of pain, and I’m afraid of having friends or being close to anyone. I’m WANTING someone to pull up and kidnap me, or put a gun to my head so I can encourage them to pull the trigger. I want to be left and forgotten because I’m a coward, as my father told me. 

I told my parents I was going to go to a college in Chicago, but that is just so I could finally have isolation and no real guilt because I know they won’t find me in my room or the living room with a rope around my neck or my brains splattered, and they won’t have to know right away. I can just be alone and take care of it when I find my time. I am a coward, but I’m not afraid of dying.