I'm just a beta, and I'll never be an alphaI'm a short guy at 5'6, I don't even have an average dick (and yes, I have small feet.), I'm not muscular, and judging by how the other men in my family look, I'll never be muscular, I have small hands, I have trouble socializing, and when I try to be confident, it just kicks me in the ass, I'm a virgin at the age of 22, everything about me screams beta. No one likes Beta men. Everyone wants an alpha male, and that's out of reach for me. Suicide is the only option for me. Everyone tells me not to kill myself, but why not? It's clear as day that no one would ever take me seriously. If you think about all the traits a real man should have, I have none of them. I'm a true gentleman (not someone who's just nice to get laid.), but it seems no one likes gentlemen anymore. It seems like now, a real man has to be an asshole, but no matter how hard I try, I just don't have it in me to be mean. I'm just not a real man, and that's why I want to kill myself. Alpha men will never understand my situation. They think I'm just being a little bitch, but not being manly enough doesn't just affect my love life. No one wants to be true friends with a beta male. Everyone who is "friends" with one just uses him we a punching bag and take advantage of him. Beta men will also never succeed in life. They have a harder time getting jobs than alpha men, it's impossible for them to get in leadership position, even if they're capable, they have a 100% chance of getting bullied unless they isolate themselves, when they do get bullied, people think they deserve it, they're not allowed to talk to anyone about their problems because people will assume they're an overly sensitive bitch, etc. No one likes Beta males, and the world isn't made for us. No one here will convince me otherwise. Why? Actions speak louder than words, and people have proved me right by treating me like shit because I'm not manly. No amount of words will convince me that I'm not a pathetic loser who should die. People told me that I am by their actions for 17 years. Those things about how a real man has a heart of gold are BS. No one wants a man with a heart of gold. They want a strong, tough man with a big dick who never shows emotion. I know a lot people say otherwise, but I have never seen a short, emotional guy with a small dick get taken seriously unless he was born rich. Even then, if you're not manly enough, people will make fun of you. What do you think the biggest reason people make fun of Trump is? The fact that he's an idiot? His incompetence? His bad attitude? No, no, and no, though all those are true. It's his hands. Yes, having small hands is considering worse than who you are as a person. Imagine having small hands among other traits that are considered unmanly? I mean, I may have been considered attractive in another time, but in 2018, I'm not manly at all, and I'm not attractive at all, and that's why I think suicide is the only option I have. In fact, one trait that could be considered manly is my pain tolerance, but emotional toughness is FAR more important than a high pain tolerance, and today, that's not something anyone cares about unless you're in the military, and if you're mentally ill like I am, you can't join the military. (In fact, a history of mental illness will prevent you from joining the military, so even if I'm somehow cured, I'll never join. In fact, that's another thing. Real men join the military, and I can't do that, do that's another reason I'll never be a real man.

Don't tell me there's no such thing as alpha men and beta men. Even if scientifically, those don't exist, socially, they're very real, and they determine everything about you. Will you be respected? How successful will you be? What are your chances of finding love? How many friends will you have? How likely are people to actually care about you? What are your chances of being bullied? How likely are you to get a job? All those are determined based on if you're alpha or beta. While other factors play a role, if you're a man, your masculinity plays a huge role. In fact, you may notice that everyone hates feminists except feminists. Beta men are looked at like male feminists. A female feminist is bad enough, a male feminist might as well wear a sign that says "bully me." In fact, real men are supposed to view themselves as superior to women, but I can't do that, either. That just shows I'm not a real man and should kill myself.

ALPHA MEN, DO NOT REPLY! YOU'RE JUST GOING TO CALL BE A WHINY BITCH AND WON'T BE OF ANY HELP!!! 