Tired of tryingI don't even know where to begin. I'm a 30 year old psychologist, with training and a lot of experience in therapy and helping others, and I want to die. I'm sick of always being there for other people and them never being there in return; I'm sick of having jobs where I do good work but end up burnt out because of the crappy way the NHS works and the shitty management and bitchy colleagues that this field seems to attract; I'm sick of not having a job right now, I did a masters and got the highest grade and have so much experience but still can't get a job I would like to do; I'm sick of feeling like everyone else is moving on with their lives and getting what they want out of life and then here I am, hating myself and feeling worthless and that my worth is only based on how much I can do for other people rather than anything else. I'm sick of bad relationships, feeling like this is karma for leaving an unhappy relationship before, feeling like everyone just goes away eventually - is it me? Am I so terrible? I like to think that i am a really kind and thoughtful and considerate person, and actually I am, and I am REALLY good at my job and psychology and research and everything but where has this got me? No where. 

The only reason I exist is to keep my parents happy, because I know they would be devastated if I killed myself, and because I want them to be ok and they really need someone to look after them because everyone has flown the nest and I am the only one who seems to care enough about them to do things with them still, and I can just see that when I'm older my life is going to be caring for my parents when none of my siblings will help and they are elderly and ill.

But now I'm seriously thinking that they will be ok, and if I am not around then maybe someone else will step up. And so I've decided that if I can make my death look like an accident, that will be easier on my parents because they know I am clumsy and accident prone. So it's what I want to do. 

I don't even know why I'm writing here. I suppose the whole of my life I have just really wanted someone to talk to, who's not going to go away. I have a boyfriend, but he is on holiday with his family and his crazy controlling mum doesn't know about me because she thinks he doesn't need a girlfriend and shouldn't have one, so he had to go to sleep because she controls everything about him still (he's only a couple of years younger than me) and he needs his 8 hours sleep or I don't know, the world will end or something according to her. So i'm really upset, and he had to leave and go to sleep (8 hours ahead timezone at the moment). I am actually going to therapy recently too, and my therapist is lovely, but i feel like she is overwhelmed with all the new stuff I keep bringing every session. There's a lot of it. And I've been to therapy a few times before, and it's helped to a certain extent, in that I understand why certain people have done certain things adn the why some things are as they are, but it hasn't changed how i feel, that I am just alive for my parents sake.

So yeah. Sorry this is so rambling and crap and whiney. But I'm tired of trying all the time and the thought of just dying is increasingly irresistible. 

Edit: wow so bad formatting. 