I have no clue on this lifeFirst i want to say that i have no intention to physically kill myself so I'm not sure if i should make a post here. But it is too hard to live. I don't want to end my life because it will make my parents and family sad. But i am currently making them sad by living a passive life and a life without any willl to make it better. I want to do nothing. And I do not want to live. There are something i want to do, But i do not want to live a life at all. This seems contradictory.... It's very hard to live.

I do not want to live this life. And i don't want myself.

I don't want to confess what I have done because I've done this too many times. Or to analyze. Or make anything better.
I'm not sure if I feel sad, or what is sadness. Though when I type this I do cried. Though I am crying I do not know what I am thinking. I cannot give any conclusive thoughts.
It feels good to cry. And it feels good when I type the thoughts of killing myself, though I will never do that, most likely.
I am doing nothing about this life, besides eating and sleeping. I know this worth being scolded, laziness, exploitation, ungrateful. 
I have tried many times to make it better...bur not now. What I wrote above is a totally useless garbage.

After crying I am not motivated to do anything more positive. And I'm not even feeling desperate. I just want to cover my head with quilt and continue reading novel about other worlds, where men or women are doing good or right things or living their life. I don't know what is right... I should say I know, but don't want to do more about it. 
I want (as a human) to hear good words, but know I worth  being scolded and I understand condemnation on myself from too many perspectives . I've just ended a phone call with parents and heard some of it. But I'm still here. I'm not living, and I have not died. 

I don't know what I want from writing a post here, I was just writing what I was thinking. But thank you for reading to the end and hope you are good right now.

This life and myself is like a machine too old and broken, worn off, out of repair, and I am doing nothing on earth about it. I'm not living a life. I am living nothing.