Don't want exist anymore but I dont want to leave my childrenMy life is full of drama but one thing I was so proud of was being a mother. I was a wife till a year ago when we separated but through years of feeling unwanted or not good enough. I was never going to beat the list of beautiful woman he was friends with. Trust broke us but yet we continued to remain friends even after the biggest betrayal he caused me i then betrayed him. He moved on i couldn't I always loved him and always took him back to my bed knowing he never saw us as nothing more than sex yet he continued his new relationships.
I have never been with another man even when we separated he was my life and I did everything for us. I feel I cannot move on i do not want to he keeps me hanging by a thread and I let him. 
Then we started to be healthy again in a good place but whilst we were still sleeping together whilst he was in a relationship I took his mares number his best mate...why? No I don't know why either stupidity, revenge, spy? Never did we talk sexually was more him saying I was too good for my husband and was flattering but also just to have someone watching him....yes that was wrong and now I see all of that he cheated on me throughout our marriage and what I did is just as bad.
Well when he split up with gf I was elated we were finally coparenting and happy (yet i still kept his best mates number,). He saw i had him on social media and asked me never to swop numbers (shit I already did that how do I go back...
I cant im scared im going to loose him again) so I lied i said never would I do that i looked into his eyes and swore on our kids....wtf why did I do that. I panicked. Then we were great i didn't message his friend it was out of my mind (but the day I swore on my kids life was the day I should have deleted his friends number but I didn't) until 2 days ago his mate messaged me and rather than say then this is wrong delete me i continued conversation and belittled my husband. ME I DID THAT why did I do that we were finally happy finally on a good path and I ruined that I ruined his life as well as my own and my children for having their parents back in their life.
Now I have nothing he humiliates me every day showing me i have caused all this showing me what a horrible person I am. What a horrible parent I've become and prevented this family for being together.
All my life I wanted a family a mum and dad who love each other. Yes he ruined that when he had his affairs it broke me but why did I do this why did I ruin everyone's lives and happiness. I cannot begin to say how sorry I was but seeing as he posted all on social media what I did to him and how I betrayed his last ounce of trust he had and all the hate I have received by being publicly humiliated that I was bang out of order and never should have the chance to be trusted again breaks me. I do not want to leave my kids but I do not want to live with this anymore im not a horrible person at all but from his point of view and his followers I am. Im rotten and I dont deserve happiness as I overstepped the mark and rules. I didnt cheat on him but I may have well of done as what I have done us worse than cheating in everyone's eyes. I do not want that im not that person.
Months I've endured being second best and now I've ruined his life and my familys life. I wish mine would just end.