Am i a joke?Seriously. I feel like nobody cares about me. All people like to do is prevent me from getting a girlfriend and demanding that I remain single. That people pretend to understand what I'm talking about and then say "you need to wait, the right girl will come to you" that's bullshit. That phrase has been reused and rehashed for thousands of years. People just tell me what I want to hear to get me to shut up. No. I want something original, not something thousands of people have told me already. I guess being happy is out of the question, that I'm MEANT to be single and lonely for the rest of my fucking life. Im gonna be single until I'm 50 and get a whore who will reject me because I'm too old. I'm 18 and I'm out of high school but I have nothing to show for my shitty life. I'm still single and still a fucking virgin. People my age are fucking having sex and I'm still struggling to get a girlfriend. Maybe I'm just better off dead. My life has zero purpose right now. I'm an autistic piece of shit. When I turned 18, instead of moving out on my own, I moved out of my dads and into my moms. And its not any easier having my single father tell me constantly that more than five women want to date him and he says no to all of them. My mom has a boyfriend and they've been dating for over a year. My fucking SISTER even has a CRUSH on someone and the only reason they aren't dating is because hes 18 and she's 17. I went and socialized a couple days ago. I THOUGHT I hit it off with someone but nope, she has a bf too. I feel like everyone's taken but me and that just makes me feel even worse. I'm close to just giving up. And to make matters worse I have no friends. I THOUGHT I had three but one argues with me constantly. One fucking USES me because he knows I can't say no to him and one told me the other day "I'd rather stay at home and do nothing than hang out with a friend." I feel like a nobody. I want to kill myself but I'm required to stay alive, as if my life magically has a purpose. Yeah. My purpose in life is to be humiliated and rejected. Nice.