through the lips past the gums watch out heaven here I come...Im so tired of feeling down all the time. I feel like nothing I ever say or do is good enough or makes a difference. Ive been suicidal for over a year now. All the pain and suffering I go through day to day just makes me want to end it all. I keep hurting my girlfriend but I cant bring myself to tell her about how I feel or what goes through my mind. We fight a lot lately its always my fault. I got some texts on my phone the other day from someone with no number I couldnt return texts to or anything. One said "On a scale from 1 to 10 how is my sex and how can I make it better for you?" This made no sense to me at all so I just let it go figuring someone was spaming me with stupid texts. Well a few hours later I got another one that said "Ask her she will know what it means ;)" so I asked my girlfriend if she knew about them and if there was something I should know about.. she said no she had no ideas.. well later that day I asked if she wanted to do something later and she said she had plans. I asked what she was doing and with who and she got very upset with me accusing me of questioning her about everything... I was just curious I didnt mean it to be bad... now she wont talk to me pretty much. Ive sent her several texts saying how sorry I was and tried explaining what was bothering me and why but she just ignores those texts and wont respond. I asked if I could talk to her at her house for a bit and she said she was still very upset and needed her space.. I wish I could explain to her that im a very insecure person and a lot of things bother me. I dont do good not knowing things.. Im not saying I need to know every last detail it would just settle my mind a little to know what she was doing and with who.. Im just rambling on about my shitty life nobody cares about this. I just want out.. I want to go live on a secluded island away from everyone.. I want to die just go away. but I cant... I just keep on putting on my happy face and lying to everyone that im doing good not a problem in the world... when I infact spend my days and nights thinking about how to kill myself and how it would end the pain... sure it might hurt a few other people but I would be free.. I wouldnt hurt anymore. nothing would ever be able to hurt me again. I am trying to get an appointment at a local mental health place but i know they are very packed so it would be awhile before I could get in. Ive been there before and it didnt seem to help. although I had only talked to a social worker a few times and she had to write a case up to give to the psychiatrist or whoever id see to actually get help... really I just need to talk to someone and get some things off my mind... but I dont have any friends that I could actually talk to about this.. and I have no idea how to tell me girlfriend especially now that she is upset with me im afraid she will think im telling her bullshit to get her to forgive me... I need help... 