I lost my 12-year-old brother to an idiot with a gun.I lost my younger brother back in 2004. We played a stupid game of Rock-Paper-Scissors, of which he won, and I felt it was only right not to be a bully since it was Christmas Day. He climbed into the passenger seat and I climbed into the driver’s seat to control the radio until our father finished talking to the other adults. Gun fire erupted and the car was suddenly under fire. I remember looking at him as he clutched his chest; him voicing the words “Oh, God” as he began bleeding from the mouth; the fear that filled my heart as my 14-year-old mind was trying to process what I had just witnessed. The rest I prefer not to remember, because it is something that still makes me cry to this very day, 14+ years later. 

I wish I was a bully that day. I wish I forced him to sit in the other seat like I usually did. He was such a great kid. I looked up to him as a role model despite him being 2 years younger than me. I just know he would have lived such a great life, a life that pales my life in comparison. I think about the amazing chance at life I received that day, but all I ever think next is my life is shit in comparison to what he would’ve done with his life. I just miss him so effing much. I think about ending it all the time, but every single time I have my piece and I’m about to put it against my skull, I picture him looking at me. Life is shit. 

I have an amazing job as an engineer, I date beautiful women and I have a great family. I just fake my personality on a daily basis. Nobody knows that I’m never happy and haven’t been since childhood. Nobody knows about the scars that cover my body, because they’re easily hidden with clothing. Nobody knows about the piece I keep in my nightstand. Nobody knows I fake my laughs, my smiles, my everything, because I want people to think I’m normal like them. I want people to say “PolicyTrust killed himself?!? He was always so happy and such a nice person. I can’t believe it.” Because that will be better than people saying “PolicyTrust killed himself? It’s about time. He was always such an expressionless, moody, unhappy person.” 

Anyways, have a good time, guys. I know this account is new to Reddit, but only because I lost my info for my other account. See ya on the other side; gotta setup my livestream for my best video ever. Peace! 