Chronic Constant Anxiety for 6 yearsSo I've basically had anxiety since I was born. At 2 years old I was waking up screaming and having panic attacks. I would have 5+ hour long tantrums. I have no idea why since I was brought up in a loving home and wasn't deprived of anything growing up. I was put on medication for anxiety when I was 5 and it worked well to control the anxiety until I was about 17.

17 years old I started getting SEVERE muscle pain in my chest to the point I could not function. I have literally had this pain/muscle tension 99% of the time for the past 6 years (I'm 23 now). It is from constant anxiety. I think that from years of my emotions being suppressed from the drug, it's hard for me to even discern my thoughts. It's almost like my brain won't 'let me' feel anxious emotionally and instead just brings it out physically..Idk, it's very hard to explain. Even when I don't "feel" anxious and my thoughts are not stressful, the pain is there from constant tension. It's like my muscles literally spasmed and haven't gone back for 6 years. I cannot describe the level of discomfort in words.

I had to leave school and have been trying for the past 6 years to overcome this. I've been to 30+ doctors, tried various medications, been in therapy, tried MANY holistic/alternative methods like hypnosis and acupuncture, changed my diet,even got 4 endoscopies to see if I had acid reflux, etc. I could write a novel of what I have tried to overcome this. I live in constant severe pain and even when it's not at its worst I am always experiencing a dull ache in my chest that distracts me from my life. I have zero friends and because of the careers I wanted it's literally impossible for me to "catch up" now even if I were to get better (which it doesnt look like I ever will). It is not an exaggeration when I say that for the past 6 years I have spent 80-85% of the time in bed crying from pain. I feel like I literally have gone out maybe 30 or 40 times max in the past 6 years? Oh, and I also use food to cope with the pain of this and have put on a good 40 lbs. Before this I was extremely fit and conscious of my appearance, and it makes me feel absolutely disgusted and ashamed, But for some reason now when I try to eat healthy, the pain becomes 10x worse. So I have to just knowingly keep getting fatter because my body won't 'let me' eat right apparently. And believe me, if I had heard this years ago I'd be like "just man up and get some willpower"..it's not about willpower, its the fact that I get severe and excruciating pain throughout my chest and body when I try to diet in any way. It's literally not possible to just 'power through it'..Just another horrible thing that's come out of this. I feel completely trapped, in so many ways. I just want to be free.

When I was 20 I decided that by the time I was 24 if the pain was still here I would 100% kill lmyself. My 24th birthday is in 2 days. I don't really know anything anyone can say could convince me otherwise, but I guess it's worth a shot. I do love life and I feel like I deserve to live it, which is what's sad- I have to kill myself because the only life I can have now, isn't a life at all. It's just pain. It's very difficult to explain in words the worst pain of all of this, which isn't physical- it's the fact that I have missed a part of my life (youth) that is very special and I cannot get back. I also wanted to be an actress and it's what I was in school for, but good luck making it in the business when you're 24 and have never been on a real audition. My shot is basically over before I even got a chance to start it. I have been thinking about going to a residential type program for anxiety, but I don't know if they'd be able to help me since my anxiety mainly manifests physically..I'm also just so exhausted of looking for help and being disappointed when it doesn't work.

This pain is something I have that literally will never be gone. I'm ready to leave this world.