I'm really wanting to end my lifeI am an 18 year old, (mostly) closeted transgender lesbian, living in a small town in which the majority of the population hates people like me (hence being closeted). I've been wanting to die for a little over a year now and the thing that has held me back the most is that I know how it feels to lose someone I love to suicide and I don't want to make anyone else feel what I still feel to this day. It started last August when my girlfriend for more than 2 years left me for someone else. She was the first girl I ever really loved and when she told me that she met someone else, it completely ruined me. I planned to kill myself that night but 3 of my friends were able to make me stay. I fell in love with one of those friends and she fell in love with me in return, another became like a sister to me, the other, the big brother I always wanted but never had. About halfway through October, the guy I called my brother, committed suicide by overdose. The last thing he said to me was "be a good little sister" and then he stopped responding to my messages. He was gone. Less than a month after that the new girl I loved lost interest and she left too. Mid-December seemed more promising when I started a new relationship with a Dutch girl. We were together for 5 months (til May) before I had to call it off because she never had time for me anymore. In late June a coworker asked me out. I had to come out to her before our first date because if we were going to be together then she needed to know who I really am. She was fine with it and actually excited because she never had a girlfriend before. Up until last night, I believed that she was going to be the one that I spent the rest of my life with, the one that could make all the pain go away, but she broke up with me. She claimed it was so that she could focus on school but I can't believe that because it was just completely out of nowhere. All of the pain from before is back and is worse now that she's gone too. I've been thinking I should just walk out of the house, out onto the nearby highway, and just let it go from there. But I'm too much of a wimp to do it so I've been looking for someone that would do it if I gave them all of my money. I can't find anyone who would be willing to do it and I don't know what to do 