I've wanted to die my entire lifeYesterday I got pretty high off an edible.

I can't remember when was the first time I thought about killing myself, but I know it was over a decade ago. I have vague memories of when I was around 5 and I tried to jump off of my balcony one night. That memory lived in my mind as a funny story about how I sleep-walked and how weird and hilarious it was; apparently I was asleep when I tried to jump. My dad saved me. Not a lot of people know this story - or if they do, I only let them see the funny side. I felt confused. Like my memory wasn't my own.

I remember when I was 14 I had a huge fight with my dad that left me in tears. I was left alone in the house. I remember going to the kitchen and desperately looking for a knife. When I found one I pressed the sharp edge onto my wrist, but I didn't let it slide down to cut. I felt shame. Like I was trying to prove something to someone.

This year I attempted for the first time.

It's weird to say "for the first time", as if there were more to come.

It was March, before the pandemic. I cut with a kitchen knife for the first time. I had a flashback to when I was 14. I wasn't sure if my intention was to kill myself or not, but I wanted to feel pain and see the vibrant red dripping down my arm. So I did. I just needed to figure out if I needed more. Was this it or was there anything still holding me back? I was standing on the kitchen floor, so I remember walking to my room to lay down on my bed so it'd be easier for my roommates to clean when I bled to death. I didn't do it. I had a moment of clarity and called my mum and cried on the phone with her for hours. I just screamed into the phone, no words, just sobs. We weren't in the same city, so she heard me crying from kilometres away without any way to help. It must have been torture. She called my aunt and uncle who lived about thirty minutes away to check on me. She stayed on the phone with me the entire time until they arrived. I felt guilt. Like I was the worst daughter for not killing myself in silence, but begging for help.

Now I'm doing alright. I'm trying to get used to the idea of being alive. What if it's worth it? What if I'm worth it?