I feel so empty these days.Last week I found out my fiance of about a year has been cheating on me. Some background, I met this girl about a year ago in a really tough situation with her ex, she had moved down to my city from her home state to be with this dude but it didn't work out and she was stuck. I ended up falling for her and it was the same for her. She is very progressively minded so she butted heads with my family alot, but I always stuck up for them and fought for them no matter what. I ended up moving into a studio apartment with them to get away from my family, I'm a 20 year old college student that make about 800 a month working in a lab, so I could afford the apartment but times were rough. In the end I had a bad falling out with my dad, but I thought it was worth it because I had her to fight it out with me. My grandmother agreed to let us move in to her house as long as I helped out with the bills so times were good. Untill I found out she was cheating on me. I asked her to leave but her new guy sleeps on the floor in his aunts apartment and had to buy her a bus ticket for this coming Wednesday. So I've been living with them ever since and it's been killing me. On one hand I feel betrayed and on the other I'm terrified for their well being. This dude has no job, can't work and subsists off of his aunt, I know they won't be comfortable there. I love them but I feel so empty. I feel like whenever I let someone in they always find someone better than me, in fact I've come to accept I'm never the first choice of anyone and I'm not piece of s***t that doesn't deserve happiness but I'm so worried about them I can't sleep. I really want to die and have been cutting myself latelt, I think the only thing holding me back is I don't want them to find my body and I'm afraid of how much it would hurt, I'm not spiritual so that's no fear from me. I've been researching painless ways of death and really want nothing more than for this pain and emptiness to just go away forever.