Attempted something last nightI attempted to suffocate myself with a plastic bag but I stopped. 

I am a college student in NYC, 21 female. I just moved here from the middle of US 3 month ago, but I haven’t made any friends. I cheated on all my assignments and I haven’t finished any class recording, so now I’m failing on tests. I couldn’t find any internship that I’m suppose to find. I can’t go back to be with my parents because of the pandemic. Even if I go back, I’m just trapped there and lonely. 

My boyfriend broke up with me a few days ago during his trip to visit me saying that he cannot be my rock, he can’t be that person for me. I went through similar thing where a friend (roommate) told me that we aren’t good fit together. They both once told me that I was their favorite or very important to them. But they still can’t stay in my life. This hit me hard. 

I’m just trapped in my apartment in memories and pain. 

I attempted then, a year ago. I called the ambulance myself and stayed in hospital for a week. I was in psych ward for a few days. The only thing I found out is that, I can just lie my way out of this. I was so sure that no amount of medicine or therapy can help me achieve a healthy life again. 

Yesterday, I had my passport by my side, and my parents number and email written on a paper. I had my suicide note written the day he broke up with me. I was ready to go. I will text 911 first to report my suicide and then text him and my parents a note and my suicide note. I had everything ready. 

I pointed a knife on my rib cage for so many times during these few days, feeling exhausted for everything. But when I look down, I see my body, and on my bed I can just see him and I having a sweet time together, then I just couldn’t stop crying. I changed it to a plastic bag because I don’t want it to be messy. 

I ended up calling the suicide help line. 

I was connected to a lady for 1hr before the line broke. I was talking to her about how my boyfriend told me among his girlfriends I was his favorite. 

When the line broke, I just put the bag on my head. I was counting to 30 something when my phone rang again, the lady from help line called me again. This time we talked for another 1.5hr. She asked me some really good question to lead me to think about the choice. 

I then proceeded to call my mom. Magically, she knew something is wrong and she started apologizing for not being intimate when I was young and stuff. I have got the apologies or recognition I always wanted. I felt much better. 

I wrote my ex boyfriend a message saying that I’m thankful for him but I’m finally ready to move on. Then went to sleep at dawn. 

But here I am again. Not seeing any way to be out of the situation, wanting everything to end for good, thinking that’s definitely the easy way out. I don’t see a point in continuing this life I had.

On a scale of 1-5, 1 being the least likely to commit suicide, I’m still not a 1. Maybe not going to be a 1 for the rest of the eternity. 

I want to buy a gun, so that I have freedom at hand whenever I needed.