I need helpHi Reddit,

I've come to you in a time of great distress. 

I am a rising senior in college who has been emotionally damaged by a relationship and has lost the will to go on, for a lack of better wording. Let me recount my story as succinctly as possible:

My last relationship began in December of last winter (2015). Things were going well until February when I found out she had been sleeping with her ex. I made the choice to forgive her then, as well as all of the times that followed that moment in February until we broke up in April. With each time she cheated on me, I've forgiven her but felt that I was worth less and less with each incident. Maybe my post is best for a different subreddit like /r/relationshipadvice, but I can't stop this feeling of worthlessness. During all of this, I have helped her with everything possible, fulfilling all of her requests for me, from writing her midterm and final papers to completing the bulk of her work for her summer internship (writing lab reports). I don't know why I can't separate myself from her. She's hopeless without someone holding her hand through life, but I feel unappreciated for everything I've done for her sake. She still continues to do couple-esque things with her ex, and every time I ask her about it, she dismisses the question as unnecessary, stating that it's none of my business whether or not she's dating him. This issue of her ex has been giving me panic attacks ever since March or so, whenever I get a gut feeling that she's with him. 

I feel so worthless. Doing the majority of her schoolwork cost me my academics for the past semester, as I failed two classes as a result of staying up late at night to help her with school work and other matters. I just don't feel like I'm worth anything. I'm constantly keeping a facade up around my friends and family so that they don't see how much this (former) relationship has destroyed me. I struggle to wake up every day and get out of bed. I struggle with just trying to function day by day. I constantly feel like I can't amount to anything. I don't know how to get out of this horrible cycle. I know I'm being used - I know the telltale signs of abuse, as I've been through emotional abuse in former relationships. I just don't know why I can't let her go. Every time we have fights, she always tells me, "If you're gonna leave my life, do it," as if she's expecting it. But we both know how much I care about her. I don't know what to do reddit. I've been in this bad place ever since March, living in this constant state of feeling worthless. I just can't deal with this anymore. I want to be myself again, a person who loves his friends and family and not the social recluse I am now who toils away for a woman who shows me no love. I want to love myself again. I want to be loved. I don't want to feel like I need to question everything I do. I don't want to feel like I'm always in the wrong. 