I'm not sure if I deserve to dieI accidentally sexually assaulted my (now ex) girlfriend about a month ago. I was at her house helping her with studying, but we’d both agreed that ‘studying’ was essentially code for ‘making out’, so we were making out in the living room. I’m pretty sure everything was fine at this point. Then, her mother came home, and she became uncomfortable. She didn’t seem to object at first but after a while she began occasionally saying “stop, we should study”, in what I thought was a playful, flirty way. We had often talked previously about how we liked being ‘sneakily’ intimate when there was someone in the next room and I thought that the whole situation was a joke about that. I now realise that I am disgusting for thinking that consent could ever be joked about.

When I realised she was genuinely uncomfortable, I stopped and apologised, but I should have realised much sooner. She said that it was okay, that she hadn’t been clear, and that we could talk about it later by text, presumably because she was scared of being with me in person. Later that day I sent a very long message apologising again and I told her that I understood if she broke up with me and/or went to the police. She told me that I didn’t understand consent, that I made her feel sick, and that she didn’t feel safe around me. I tried to explain that I had never meant to hurt her but ultimately it didn’t matter to her and shouldn’t matter to anyone. My intentions didn’t stop me from doing something very hurtful and violating.

I know that she was right to break up with me. I haven’t been in contact with her but from what I’ve heard she’s mostly okay. On the one hand it pains me to admit that she’s better off without me, but on the other hand it comforts me to know that she’s safe from me now. I miss her, but I can handle the heartbreak. What I can’t handle is the guilt.

I keep going on about what has happened to my friends and family and I feel like I’ve become an enormous burden to them. They all keep lying to me and saying that I haven’t really done anything wrong. I know that they’re trying to make me feel better but I think I should stop talking to them about it because they all refuse to recognise how awful I am. I also feel like I should stop dragging them through my problems.

I can’t trust myself around other people. I feel like I have a disgusting and horrible person inside me that I’ve been trying to hold back for my whole life and now I’ve failed. I’m terrified of physical contact because I know that it’s only a matter of time before I hurt someone else. I feel like a rabid dog that needs to be put down. I’ve self-harmed a little but my self-preservation instincts are irritatingly strong so I haven’t managed to do any major damage.

I don’t know if I want to kill myself. I know my family would be distraught, and I worry that my ex would feel guilty for it. On the other hand, it might bring her comfort to know that I could never hurt her again, and my family might welcome the relief from having to constantly deal with me. I’m not sure if I deserve death or if I deserve to live in pain. I know that I should go to the police myself, but to tell the truth I’m scared, and I also don’t want to distract my ex from her life by dragging her through a massive legal process. I wish I could ask her if she would prefer for me to go the police or to kill myself but she doesn’t want to speak to me.

I don't think I'm at imminent risk of killing myself so I apologise if that means I've just wasted this sub's time.
