Why would a sub dedicated to people posting about wanting to kill themselves ban pro-suicide posts?\&gt;what if a meta post was actually someone being suicidal?

I recently posted here and said people who were anti suicide never gave a shit about depressed people in the first place and I'm glad I can still kill myself if nobody actually helps me to be less depressed. Normies only care about not seeing suicide, they're ok with ignoring depression. Post gets deleted for no discernable reason and my modmail ignored.

It's funny that this happened because it validated exactly what I was saying in my post about most people not actually giving a shit about depressed people. I made a post and talked about being depressed. It got deleted and the mods ignored my modmail/post. Look how easy it is! I'm just text on a screen so they don't actually have to give a shit about me.

I wonder if the mods will delete this post for being "meta" despite the fact that the meta aspect of this post is crucial to understanding my mental condition. A faceless intangible group decided I wasn't good enough to talk to them. I presume it's because my post was pro suicide (like most posts here) but how would I know? Maybe it's because I'm a self identified incel. Maybe it's because I'm right of center. Maybe it's because the people here just don't like me. But group judgement has been passed on me again and that makes me feel bad. 

I remember the worst times it happened was when I was in high school and many school and club specific groups were made on facebook. I was never added to many of them. I wasn't wanted there I guess and nobody told me why. 

Every time I get banned it's basically exile from a community. And many of my friend groups have shadow banned me. One day they just stop responding to me or acknowledging me. It's like my words aren't heard in conversations anymore. So I leave. 

My favorite reply to my last post was someone telling me that my post made a lot of sense to her because when one talks about suicide it drives people away. It shocks them and makes them extremely uncomfortable like one just admitted they enjoy eating shit as a hobby. Sucks that I could only see it through something that recovers removed reddit comments. It was the comment I most empathized with because of the many many people that have ghosted me and unfriended me over the years because I was just too depressing for them. I'm too depressing for this subreddit too I guess.

"In linguistics, a phatic expression is communication which serves a social function, such as social pleasantries that don't seek or offer any information of value." Examples of this include "you're welcome", "thanks", and rule 5 of this subreddit where the mods say "we **do** want to talk to you**." I've noticed this whenever I talk to *any* person about being depressed the near automatic response that this person "does care about me" or that "I love you and hope you get better." From experience from people's actions after saying these things (ghosting me, deleting posts without messaging me, etc) I have come to conclusion that a lot of what many people comfort depressed people with are "phatic expressions" and not actually to be taking seriously. Since I have &gt;crippling autism this wasn't immediately obvious to me and since nobody told me I had to figure it out myself.

Maybe my post was deleted because it didn't actually *explicitly* say why I was suicidal. Here's my thesis. I want to kill myself because I am lonely. I feel unaccepted and unloved. I personally see no solutions to being lonely and most of the advice others have given me is to stop caring about wanting fulfilling relationships. This is not helpful because this is something I want and I'm not going to magically stop wanting companionship by attempting to trick myself. 

I feel worse today than yesterday because I have been ignored and essentially wordlessly told to "fuck off" by another group of people in my life, in this case the mods of this subreddit who speak on behalf of the people here. Even though I have been rejected and considered anathema by many people in my life, it never stops hurting every time it happens. So now it hurts more.