I feel trapped.Not bothering to make a “throwaway”.  Fuck it.  

There are times when I make it a point to force myself to go out and meet people.  Tonight was one of those nights.  I had a few beers and more than a few laughs.  I’m a contemplative but “happy” person usually, just extremely guarded and distrustful.
This doesn’t mean that I don’t think about what it would be like.  I would love to just get it over with and say goodbye.  I have friends and I pretend to be “happy” and sociable.  I put on a mask for everyone so they don’t feel sorry for me.  When I’m alone I realize what a waste I am.  For my family, my friends, and I think how much better it would be for all of them if I just disappeared.

My life isn't the worst.  If anyone else had my life they would be fine.  It’s a living.  I have two jobs, wonderful friends. But I never feel like I can tell them what I’m really feeling.  I feel trapped.  I feel like I expected too much.  Then I feel guilty because there are people out there who would love to have a stable job (mostly stable) and a place to live.  I feel ungrateful and lost and stupid because obviously I don’t understand what it means to be grateful for what I have.

I’m surrounded by people and no one knows who I am.  I think “What does it matter?”  I want to connect and “do”, but hide continuously.  I’m afraid of dying, but would rather do so.  I know what’s waiting: nothing, and somehow find that peaceful.  Blankness.  Void would be preferable.  I never wanted to be rich or famous.  I’m just at the poverty line.  I just want to be happy.  I don’t want to be with someone, I just want to feel something other than sadness.  I want to live and not just survive.  I want to be, but I feel like I’m dying already.  Just killing myself slowly.  Waiting for the end.

No beer can help.  Weed only makes me analyze my awkward actions further.  When/how can I be at peace?  Nothing brings me close.

I’m a disappointment.  I’m not what I told everyone I would be.  I’ll never be close.  I’m a fuck up and everyone knows it but won’t say it out of kindness, bless them and fuck them.  To think I thought I could once help people like me!  How conceited.  How stupid.  I’m so scared of what I’m becoming and there’s no one that understands or would believe me because I’ve worn this mask of normalcy for so long.  It’s a wonder that I haven’t convinced myself.  

I wish I could.  I wish it was that easy.  Maybe you know someone like me.  Someone who hides behind humor.  Someone who tells a joke so they can go home and wish they really told you how they felt, but would rather not suffer the potential judgment.  I’m sorry.  I don’t know.  I feel like it’s too late.
