My Son (10)Typing this is difficult for me. My son is such a bright and cheerful kid I never thought I would be dealing with this. I automatically default to the theory that he is lying, or just trying for attention, but I don't want to be wrong.
A little back ground, I don't know if it is relevant but I want to make sure I am telling the whole story so anyone reading can give me their honest opinion. My son's mother and I were high school sweethearts. We split shortly after high school and both started seeing other people. About two years later we were both single and  produced this little boy. We weren't together at the time but went into this knowing we would make the best of it. It didn't go well. After she got pregnant we talked about a relationship for a bit but it was very clear that we just weren't going to be able to make it work. After my son was born I moved on but tried to be there for them. My ex made life a living hell. Fast forward 10 years we are both married and have other children. My ex mostly communicates with my wife, we rarely talk. 
Two weeks ago my son is at his cousins house and they are playing video games. Something happens in the game and he gets frustrated and slams the controller down resulting in a broken remote. His uncle tells him since now they don't have enough controllers for everyone to play he will have to sit out, his uncle then leaves the room. A few minutes later my brother hears the kids screaming and runs back to find that my son has wrapped a belt around his neck and is pulling it tightly. After defusing the situation my brother calls me and my ex over and explains to us what has happened. My sons reasoning was that he feels he has made too many mistakes in life and is tired of failing. The thing is he is the kid that never gets in trouble, he is an A-B student, plays football, is extremely respectful, very well spoken, he gets compliments everywhere he goes. 
At the end of the conversation we agree that it is best to bring him to a professional and let him talk to someone. We tell our son this and ask him to keep this between us until we do. Well he goes to school and tells all his friends and that he tried to commit suicide over the weekend. Of course this prompts a call from school where we are asked not to bring him back to school until he has talked to someone. 
Monday a week ago was his first appointment. The Dr called us to the back and had my son and I sit together in a room while he asked him a series of questions. He answered them as if he was taking a test and knew all the answers. It was very clear he wasn't being truthful. At the end of the appointment he clears him to go back to school but schedules a followup visit with another Dr in the  office.
Upon returning to school my son again starts talking to all his friends about whats going on. He also tell one of his teachers about what is happening and that he had to go talk to a Dr but he wasn't comfortable so he wasn't truthful to the Dr. His mother and I decided to try and take some sort of action. We restricted his access to his video games to try and ensure he was spending more time around family members rather than alone in his room playing games. We also though it would be sort of an incentive for him to get better. We saw no change throughout the week, and went to his second appointment yesterday.
His mother took him to this appointment, and it ended with the Dr telling her she needed to bring him into the children's hospital and have him admitted and tested. We haven't done that yet because neither of us believe what he is telling the Drs. When the 2nd Dr asked him what he had lied to the 1st Dr about he admitted that during the portion of questions where the 1st Dr asked if there was anything in his life he would like change my son's answer was a lie. He originally told the first Dr that there was nothing that he wanted to change. When questioned by the 2nd Dr he admitted that at his Mom's house he would like more milk, and more time to play with his little sister. He also said that while at my house he wanted his step brother to be nicer to him, and that he no longer wanted to come to my house on Thursdays (which is part of our custody agreement). This brings us to today and we are at a loss.
We aren't sure where to go from here. His mother and I both feel as if he over reacted when he broke the controller and at this point he feels if he comes clean he will be in trouble. We don't want to just tell him that because we don't want him to feel like we are calling him a liar. we are trying to be as supportive as we can but are worried he is seeing all this attention as positive attention and that is what is driving him to keep up with the story. So at this point we are stuck. Any advice from anyone here who knows anything about this and can offer any advice we would appreciate it. 

edit1: Update. School called me in on Wednesday and asked that he once again not return to school until he actually goes to a hospital and gets a clean bill of health. After much debate and feeling like I am failing his mother and I brought him yesterday. They committed him. I'm dying inside, they essentially took my son. I know it is for his own good but I feel like a complete failure. I feel as if I wasn't there to protect him. Most of all I am kind of numb, I just don't know. We brought him in through the ER and the Dr spoke with him privately. I'm not sure what he told the Dr but it warranted action. He signed a PEC and at that point we couldn't take him home even if we wanted to. Last night was his first night, I get to call at 11:15 am CST to check on him. The nurse who checked him in said the average stay there is 5-7 days. I failed.