I don't want to carry onHi, I've never discussed my issues on an internet forum like this, but I didn't know where else to turn. I feel like I'm at the end of my tether and I need to tell at least someone about the hell i'm living.

People always tell me I shouldn't be depressed because I have nothing to be depressed about. Sometimes I think they're right. I managed to make it to a decent uni with good grades despite suffering depression and anxiety since I was quite young. I know how privileged I am but it doesn't help. I've tried to be happy, I've tried to "fake it till I make it" and it's just absolute rubbish.

Hardly anyone knows about the physical and emotional abuse my mother put me through, or the sexual abuse I had at primary school, and why would they? I learnt very early on I couldn't trust people and that I had to bury my emotions deep deep down so mother couldn't use them against me. If I was anything other than a vision of perfection, all hell would break loose. It might've been easier to cope with if this torment was shared with my younger sibling, but he got off lightly. Something that both saddens and gladdens me. Mother hated me and only me. She still does. I hate her back, and yet I am bound to her unrealistic expectations of me and the pressure is immense, even across the 100+miles of physical distance I've put between us. I can't cut her out because of the effect on the rest of my family, especially my dad, who tried/tries to protect me all he can. I love him dearly and want to hang around for him, but I can't do it anymore.

I can't be perfection. I've really really tried. Every little tiny imperfection used to upset me, but now I can't even be moderately good. Everything is cascading down and I can't stop it. I am doing badly at uni. I hate it. I am so lonely and isolated that I pray my flatmates might hear me crying at all hours of the day and come see if I am okay. It's pathetic. Everything I do is pathetic. I can't even feed myself properly and my grades are getting worse and I'm just so tired. I just want to fall asleep and never have to feel this constant stress and pain again.

I intend to see my dad one last time for Christmas, as one last goodbye, then do what I've always been too cowardly to do.