If you think you're in a bad situation, maybe this will cheer you up...Everyone here is in a bad spot for whatever reason, and everyone has a tough time...so I guess I'll share my situation as well, in hopes it makes me feel better, as well as whoever might be reading this crap. 

If you think you're in a bad spot...have a look at this specimen of grade A worthless loser:

1) 30 years old

2) No job (ever)

3) Double university dropout because of issues I'll get into further down the line, even though in both universities i did extremely well at the beginning until I got demotivated by my life being utter shit.

4) Never been even remotely close to a relationship, haven't held hands with a girl since I was 12, let alone anything else. Never felt love, or belonging, or what it's like to be appreciated by anyone.

5) Always bullied since I remember, since preschool, elementary school, high school, even university, except physical bullying slowly turned into mental bullying instead. Still people made sure to make me feel like a piece of shit whenever they had a chance. I was the one made fun of. I was the one always picked last when we played sports. I was the one nobody played with. I was the one nobody wanted to hang out with. I was the one sitting alone in a university hall full of 200 other students. And I don't know why. I'm not ugly, I'm at least average, not fat, or thin, or dirty, or smelly, or poor. Never argued or attacked anyone, or did anything foul to people. I guess people saw weakness in my and abused it.

6) Zero friends,  and I mean ZERO. The last thing close to a friend happened to me over 10 years ago.

7) It's been almost 10 years since I talked to anyone for more than 30 seconds willingly.  

8) No emotional attachments to anyone or anything.

9) Family either ignores I exist or hates me for existing.

10) No money, and no way to make it either. I don't have a degree for a decent job, nobody will hire me for lesser jobs because I have no experience at 30, which is fucked up and weird.

11) Forced to live at home where parents literally burn me with their eyes like some hate lasers, I literally feel like they want to murder me at night in my sleep, that's how much they despise me.

12) Nobody obviously ever cared about me or my mental health. Nobody thought it was weird that a 15 year old boy sits at home all the time, has no friends, never smiles, has no energy for anything, etc. 

13)  Huge expectations from everyone, despite clearly being in a state where such expectations weren't realistic.

14) It's too late to fix anything now. 

15) Even if I did everything perfectly from this point on, my life can still never be good, and I could never recover from my situation.

16) I don't even want anti-depressants now, I don't even want professional help anymore, because the way I see it, if I do get help and wake up all happy and cheerful one morning, I'll just be even more fucking miserable becuase I'll fully realize what I've been missing.

17) The best years of my life are gone, and I don't have a single fucking memory to share with anyone, other than pure misery, loneliness, anxiety, frustration.

18) I cant stand seeing people that used to look like they'll never achieve anything in life as teenagers do things now that I wish I could. People have kids, families, happy lives, jobs, careers, etc. I don't even have a fucking toothbrush that I could call my own. 

19) The part that fucking pisses me off the most is that despite objectively my life sucks, I have no life, NOBODY AROUND ME SEEMS TO CARE. It's like everyone think I'm perfectly fine and just lazy, when in reality I fucking cry myself to sleep and then cry again in the morning because I woke up.

20) ANd yes, finally, I do want to die, but at the same time, and no matter how much I fucking despise my parents for letting me get to this point and doing jack shit about it,  I dont want to do it to them. I know how horrible it would be to them. They both actually had hard lives, and they did things to me with good intentions, but I think they got lost in the "we had no money when we were growing up, so we'll just give him all the material stuff in the world" philosophy, which obviously didn't work.   I also feel guilty for being this way, because I shouldn't be. I'm from a middle class family, I never felt what its like to be hungry, or to be missing something material,  but I've always been isolated from everyone, always felt alone and like I was looking at the world from a 3rd person perspective. 

So yes, the only reason I don't kill myself is because I'm a fucking pussy, AND because I don't want to additionally hurt my parents. That's why I'm currently hoping to get some sort of terminal illness, so at least I'll hate a fucking legit reason to die. There's a mold on my skin that's been growing and looks awfully juicy, so thats my ticket out, hopefully.