I really, really hate being on the autism spectrum. Everyday life is just not doable.The title sums it up nicely. I'm 20 years old, I'm a college student and my life is an absolute trainwreck. I'm currently living with my emotionally abusive dad in his roach-infested house with no means of driving or getting anywhere beside rides from my dad, both because I am too afraid to attempt to get my license and I don't have the monetary ability of buying a car. I feel like i'm not made to exist in society; I feel like I'm functioning at a much slower pace than everyone else. I would like to move in to an apartment closer to campus but I do not have the slightest idea of how leasing works. The anxiety of everyday life is absolutely debilitating and I feel like I am not cut out for adult life. I feel like it's too late to try and get my shit together as I am already supposed to be an independent, contributing member of society. I have no idea how I'm supposed to survive if something as trivial as a conversation is above my level of comprehension. The only thing I have to be proud of is my autistically-good musical skill, which are why I'm in college; to enhance those skills to a level of being able to teach them to somebody else. But that seems so far beyond my grasp at this moment. I can't drive, I'm living in a garbage pile with a man who does not like me, and my only income comes from scholarships, federal grants, and student loans. I feel hopeless and I feel like my suicide is inevitable. I feel like my body is not made to exist beyond this lifestyle. I want to progress but my brain says the contrary; I'm made to be dependent on others and I hate it. I want the freedom to do whatever I set my mind to without the worry of trying to appear like a non-autistic person. My autism constantly pushes me back to the life of a teenager and it's not cool anymore. I'm an adult and I need to act like one. I don't want too much noise to be one of my main worries when going outside. I want to have job interviews without days of no sleep and panic attacks preceding them. I also want to be able to drive without the fight or flight instinct setting in. I don't know how my life is going to look in 5 years but I feel like it's not going to be good. I just feel like ending it now is the most efficient option. To not have to suffer through another 5 years of turmoil and to not make others deal with me any longer. I just think it would be my best bet.