Planning on killing myself tomorrow while my son is at school. I am very serious.I was going to use my main account for this, to show that 1) I'm serious, and 2) Maybe give you guys some context of what I'm going through, but then I realized a simple google search of my username could reveal my real name and I knew one of you idiots would call the police or something. Anyways, so what am I supposed to do here? Write a whiny list of how terrible my life is, and then you're all supposed to shower me with attention and tell me how everything is going to get better? Oh, or maybe you show me the "read this before you do anything" links and those are supposed to change my mind? 

Well I've read them, and they sure didn't change how I feel at all. Suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary problem? Awesome! A permanent solution is exactly what I'm looking for, what a great sales pitch for suicide. Or it will tell me to think back about how I didn't used to feel like this. I know. My life has been in steady decline for years. It used to be better, reminding me of that won't help, it just makes me feel worse.

My depression isn't a chemical imbalance in my brain. It's a totally reasonable response to living in a world of utter shit. I went on anti-depressants. I'm pretty sure they worked, but there's only so much bullshit my brain can put up with before being overwhelmed with the reality of how fucking awful my life is. Things aren't getting better, they're not going to get better, and if you were to put up a chart of my life you would see 20 years of steady decline. So don't fucking tell me it's going to get better, it just takes a little bit of inductive thought to work out a pattern and see that things will just get worse.

So let's get going with that whiny list thing. Let's see, I just went through a break-up with my girlfriend of 8 years. She had borderline personality disorder and was abusive as fuck to me, but I still feel like I've lost the only thing in my life important to me. She left me to raise a severely disabled son. He's autistic, severely autistic. He's never spoken a word in his life, needs 24/7 one-on-one supervision, and still can't use a toilet. He just smears his shit everywhere to be cleaned up. Don't tell me he needs me, he has absolutely no awareness of other people and honestly would probably be happier being raised in a specialized group home setting anyways. I work my ass off in a demanding job, but I still don't have enough money to get by. I don't even know how I'll pay the bills this month. My house is in utter ruins because of my son. Carpets are ripped up, there are holes in the wall, I'm too embarrassed to even have anyone over it's so bad. I have no car. No money. No free time. And worst of all, absolutely nobody to even talk to.

I really want to kill myself. I'm not just thinking about it. I'm planning it, and I know how I'm going to do it. I was going to say how, but I saw there's a rule against that (wouldn't it be funny to be banned from /r/suicidewatch for seeking out help though?), but suffice it to say I'm going with a method that's pretty much 100% effective. I'm not some emotional 20 year old thinking they're the only ones in the world who feel pain. I'm 34 years old, I know what I'm doing, and I'm serious about it. But I'm giving all of you here the benefit of the doubt. See if you can talk me out of it. Some guy on the front page of /r/all said you made all of his problems better, so what the fuck, I want to see what you can do.