i don’t want to die but i think i have to.i’ll just shortly summ up what’s going on: basically, the rona has made me 1000% more depressed, i used to be a straight A+ college student (got published research, top of my class, mission work, etc), but now i’m probably going to get expelled since i’m failing all my classes and there’s no coming back from this. deadass looking at the end of my life rn. i find it so stupid how just ~4 months of severe depression could fuck up my life this bad. life is so unforgiving lol. 

it’s so sad, there’s so much i want to live for too. i have a puppy i want to watch grow up, i’m in a great relationship, there’s still things i want to do but the semester is ending in 2 weeks and i can’t bear the thought of having to deal with this shit, when i get expelled my loans will go into repayment. oh and on the topic of finances, i’m pretty sure i’ve lost my job. it was a casual job at the hospital where you were just required to work a shift every 2 weeks, but i haven’t come in in a month now so i’ve likely already been fired from it. losing a job over stupid shit like this in the middle of a pandemic... cant get more stupid or lazy than this. anyways, it looks like i just can’t do anything for myself anymore. rereading this all, it looks like i just want to partake in all the fun parts in life, but i’m not willing to put in the work. but even if i did now, it’s too fucking late. my parents won’t forgive me for wasting an entire semester. they don’t help pay for college but they did co-sign my loans . even if i want to cut them out, it looks like we’re bound together until my loans are paid off so i might as well go to hell even tho aside from co-signing loans, i’ve been 100% independent financially and have lived alone since i was 18. . school is the main reason i have to die rn, my parents don’t give a shit about me and shit is really going to hit the fan when they find out about this. i really wouldn’t mind just being a waitress or something until i have my life figured out more but my mom has anxiety that she doesn’t manage and she’s just gonna flip. if i kill myself, the loans are forgiven (i’ve checked.) i feel so trapped now and i wish i killed myself earlier in life when i really had nothing to lose and doing it now will be so bittersweet. i’m not ready to lose my life but i’ve reached a point now where continuing it will not be a life worth living, it’s so shitty i have to kill myself because my parents who are barely in the picture at all will make my life hell. i’m really worried about where my puppy goes since none of my friends are going to be able to take him in and i don’t trust my family will take good care of him. i’m so regretful right now, i just wanted today to have a good last day with my dog but i’m just sitting here crying and he can probably sense i’m sad rn