Idk anymoreWhy am I writing this? I’m not entirely sure because at this point I really don’t believe in talking any more. It’s been 7 years and talking and looking for answers did nothing and I feel worse. At this point I don’t even hide my depression not like I go out much but still when I do I’m just like please help me. The only reason right now I’m not dead is for 4 family members that if I killed myself I don’t really know how’d they cope. My moms told me on several occasions that she would kill herself if I died before her especially if I killed myself. I don’t write much anymore sometimes I’ll go on these long rants to people about shit but really they are just random people online and I scare them and fuck it up. I had a therapist for 3 years and since I moved I haven’t had one but honestly I don’t feel like it will help. I cut myself and drink and smoke weed to feel otherwise it all feels arbitrary. I was clean off cutting for 6 months and I got back into it like 3 months ago almost and now it’s turn into ecstasy and sexual almost. My thoughts are fucked even when I’m doing good I still have these intrusive thoughts that are absolutely putrid. I don’t go outside or really get out of my bed much unless my friend of 7 years who I can’t talk to about this stuff and believe me I’ve tried it’s just different with guys sometimes it’s more about jokes for us it’s hard for him to get to that level no matter how hard he tries. Everything I like doesn’t feel like anything tbh I don’t even use tv shows or games or movies to distract myself that’s how disinterested in the world I am. I spend my days on reddit looking for a girl who similar to me because a girl broke my heart 3 years ago that I dated on and off for 4 years and knew since preschool fucking cheated on me and now that and many other things cause me to be scared of trusting. So many people have hurt me and abandoned me. I never had a father and was always poor in a rich area with a mom who was always working to try and keep us afloat. I also liked videogames and grew up on the internet probably fucking me up more tbh but my dad was a big gamer and people made fun of me for not having a dad and playing games which now is cool I guess. I can barely talk to anyone my age because I mean yes there are depressed people my age but I can’t seem to meet them in real life. Oh yeah I’m fucking 18 and I’m constantly questioning everything probably due to my ocd, social anxiety, and major clinical depression which has been in my family was for what we know at least the past 4 generations. Also they were mostly bipolar so I might have that and the doctors said I might have bpd so yay. I absolutely despise this world and see no point in it other than love which can range from friends family and relationships but I’m losing faith in that. I’m still a virgin because I was saving myself for someone I really loved and still kinda feel that way but kinda losing it it’s not even like I want sex I mean ofc I do I find it really intimate but I really just want someone to fucking hold me and I’ll hold them if they want and we can cry together which I can’t even do anymore. I’m not normal and yes I understand normal is something we wouldn’t even want to be but fucking christ everything is wrong with me and more I can’t even interact with people please why can’t I just end it or someone kill me? I also have fucking body dysmorphia due to some meds which don’t even get me started on I’ve been through so many anyways I got kinda chubby and now I’m off them and have lost more than I gained and I still see myself as worse so I’m making myself throw up sometimes and starve. I also hate how I look no matter how much people say otherwise probably due to kids bullying me all my life for many reasons especially my looks. Suicide is the only option.