I have lost my will to live at the age of 21 (Edited)I have lost interest in doing the things I used to love. I am in the debate varsity team in my.college but now I have secluded myself from my team and no longer communicate or practice with them.
In highschool I am a two-time national debate champion and is still known to be an esteemed debafer in college

However, I have lost my confidence and ego and feel that I am no longer really good at anyrhing.
I feel as if even the simplest of tasks, even just getting out of bed, reading or studying seems too hard to do.
I feel like such a failure. 

I have deactivated all my social media (Facebook, Twitter and Instagram) as before I was an active and social person but now I have been isolating myself for these past two months.

I have been playing games as a means of a coping mechanism - but as I do this, I feel as if my life has no meaning and I am wasting all my time on games and it makes me more depressed. But I cannot get out of this cycle because everything else besides gaming just seems too hard to do. I am honestly just so sad and lonely.

Background story: My father passed away when I was 18 and he was a big part of.my life, my best friend, and someone I can talk to about anything. I was diagnosed with clinical depression at tbe age of 19, back then gaming was my coping mechanism but I got out of that unhealthy coping mechanism and looked towards friends, and gym.
I got a girlfriend at the age of 20 , and I  felt a lot better. We broke up 
but I actually felt secure with myself even being alone.
Recently, I got a girlfriend again and I loved her so much - but unexpectedly we broke up and it really broke my heart. It feels like I have no reason to live anymore. It feels even harder to go gym or make close ties with friends as I have little to no motivation to do so.

I do not talk to anyone, because I do not think anyone would understand and just end up pitying me or sermoning me -- nor would I want to burden them with such negativity - even if I  know there are maybe some friends out there who may probably want to talk but I am hesitant to reach out.



- eflo

p.s thank you to anyone who listens.
* done with my final edits *