My ex keeps telling me he wants to kill himself and I don't know how to help himSorry if this is the wrong sub. I just need someone to tell me what to do. 
Some back story: I met him in April when he started working at the same place as me. We became really good friends almost immediately. He was on probation at the time and ended up getting a one year house arrest for his drug charges around June. Anyway we started spending a lot of time together, but from the start I told him this was not serious, not exclusive, and I was not his girlfriend, etc. well he started getting super obsessive with me. Getting mad every time I hung out with guy friends. He'd start accusing me of being a slut every time
I went out with friends and eventually I told him I had enough in the beginning of December. Now since then he calls me and texts me every day about how depressed he is and how he wants to kill himself and I feel bad because o know he has no one else. None of his friends visit. His parents are over his shit so I'm the only one who has given him any compassion. Last week he was trying to guilt me into coming over and told me he Has stage 4 cancer. I called him on his lie but ended up over there anyway and he just cried for an hour until I just had to leave. In the last few days he keeps sending me texts about how he wants to kill himself since I don't love him. By responding to him I'm giving him what he wants but if I don't I'm scared he actually will do it. I don't know what to do because I do care about him. I spent almost every day with him for 8 months but I'm emotionally drained. He's not my responsibility and if I give into him, I know he will do the sane thing tomorrow or the next day. But he sent me a picture of a shotgun barrel in his mouth so now I'm worried. I don't know how to help him without getting him into more legal trouble. Because he's only got 5 months left on house arrest and I don't want to fuck that up for him. Please someone tell me what to do. I can't focus on any of my own problems or anything right now cause I've been so focused on him for so long. 