i need help but am afraid to check in to an ERMy woman left me on our anniversary tonight. I dont know why. She couldn't explain. She said she had things to figure out. Everything weve built together is gone and i have no idea why. She won't speak to me or return calls or texts. I dont know what happened. Everything has been good. We have had fights just like any couple does and this is so out of the blue. Ive been staring at a wall and for the last six hours my thoughts have become progressively darker. Ive thought of methods and that doesn't frighten me anymore. The pain and confusion and lack of context is overwhelming. Ive had depression most of my life beginning as a teenager. Ive been prone to drug/alcohol abuse in the past. I dont own a gun because i know i have these tendencies. The woman i was with knows i had some trouble with these kind of thoughts. She had too in the past. I cant bear the thought of life without her. I can't bear the idea of seeing her smiling with someone else. We have always been open and faithful to each other and this comes as such an unexpected and inexplicable shock i can't begin to rationalize it. In my mind the question why is dominating my thoughts. I dont know why she left. I dont have a clue. The life weve built has disappeared without a reason or warning. I want to tell her i feel this way but i feel guilty if i did. I feel like shed think i was trying to manipulate her or get her attention and thats the last thing i want to do. She was my best friend and this is insane. If i just knew why then i would know how to feel. If she was seeing someone else then at least i could be angry. If she wasnt happy at least id know id failed her. But i dont know a thing. She wouldn't tell me. Just that she didn't want me anymore and that she was leaving. I feel used. I feel an incredible disillusionment knowing she doesn't want me anymore. Everyday we gave each other love and dedication and i dont know why she wanted to leave. Thinking about it knowing shes so close but so far away makes me feel incredibly powerless. I was going to marry this woman. I stopped drinking for this woman. It feels like ive been shattered. I never sinned against her. She always told me i was perfect to her. I just want to know what i did wrong. 

I want to check myself in to a hospital. I want to get help. Im normally averse to being anywhere near a hospital because i cant stand them. If this were just a fleeting ideation i wouldn't go because id be too stressed out about paying for the ER visit and knowing that i feel that stress would mean im not committed to this train of thought. But i feel nothing at all. I know id hurt my family and they'd never understand but that doesnt matter to me right now. I know itd hurt emily and thats the last thing i want to do. I know itd hurt my roommate but right now none of these things matter. Im afraid to drive myself there because of my thoughts right now. I am scared.

Its incredibly frustrating because as bad as that sounds i suppose i remind myself in the grand scheme of things what does it matter? The universe is indifferent to me as an individual. My pains and problems are of no consequence. Death is an inevitable fact of life so why shouldn't i be the one to choose the time and place and method of my departure? Earth is a depressing place as it is. I met someone who changed my view on life and made me want to be more than i am. I met someone i could dedicate my being to and then found out i wasnt wanted anymore. Its breaking me. I know i wont be able to cope with out emily in my life. I know ill relapse back into alcoholism and depression and drugs again. I know i won't be able to focus at work and i know going back to drugs will prevent me from finding work i can invest myself in. I feel like the best option is to die on my own terms. I hate knowing the wake such an act leaves on people close to me but i also understand death is there at all times waiting to pull us from this world. I dont understand why people cope with death differently if its intentional instead of an accident. I think itd be best to make it look accidental that way my family can cope with it as a tragedy instead of something they would feel guilty about. I want to go to the hospital but i think i would panic and end up restrained against my will. I dont want to be medicated or restrained. I dont want to be told life is worth living. I didnt ask to come into this world. Why is it unreasonable that i should want to leave it? Why does this hurt so badly that i would rather lose my sensory ability to even conceive of what pain is? Ive done so many hallucinogens, LSD, DMT, that i have deep seeded disillusions about what life or afterlife or spirit even mean. I made my peace with my mortality a long time ago. I know my consciousness will cease when my body can no longer support the physiological processes and systems occuring within this vessel we call a body. I dont know how to articulate this well. I feel i am just random matter and awareness and that my sense of self and identity are simply a construct of relativity. I feel like i have suffered an irreparable wound. I dont think she and i will reconcile whatever this is that has caused her to want to leave. I dont think ill ever get to know why and i the thought of spending everyday of the rest of my life not knowing why. Thinking about what could have been. Thinking about why she gave up on what we had together is more than i can bear. I dont know how to face the world without her. Everything i have been doing in my life, has been to build a better life for us and now its gone without explanation. 

I feel if i go to an ER im going to be given medication. Im going to talk to some stranger who has shallow life view about how life is precious and going to tell me to think of my loved ones. I have thought about that though. I know life is precious but id rather not feel than go through this uncertainty and confusion. I feel if i went to the er and got help i might end up not being allowed to leave. I might not be allowed to go to work and end up losing my job which in turn would prevent me from paying my rent, car note, etc... It seems like it would make life even more complicated and uncertain. It doesnt seem worth it. The only reason im holding on is in the hope i can talk to emily again. Just to see her face one more time. To see her smile. But in the back of my mind i know thats gone already. Like dropping a ring in the sea. Its gone the second it slides beneath the waves and right now i feel all the justifications to stay alive are leaving me just like she did. Im hesitant to even make this post. I found this thread googling what to do if you're suicidal. I can't articulate my thoughts well verbally so i didnt want to call a hotline. Ive lurked on reddit for a long time and i feel ridiculous making an account for the first time just because the faint possibilty she wants to see me again might exist and it wouldn't be fair to her for me to do something until i knew with absolute certainty there's no coming back. I really dont know what else to type. anyone please talk to me.
 