Unlucky or just plain stupid?Look I'm gonna level with you guys. Im at the end of my rope here. I don't know where to turn and I don't know how I can rectify my situation when suicide seems like the only logical way out. I'll try to wrap up the last 23 years of my life in a 1000 words or less. Abusive family, insanely abusive. I was beaten on a daily basis as a kid. We're not talking spanking either. My mother owned a studded belt and loved hitting me in the face. And my step dad was very physical even going so far as to break my nose at 10 years old and abandoning me on the highway to walk 20 miles to home at 12. My parents didn't care enough about me to protect and preserve my birth certificate or my social security card, so you can imagine finding work is a bitch and a half for me. I only managed to get a driver's license because my mother got divorced and my ex step dad tried to have me arrested for driving without a license. Which I did not do volunteeraly, my parents were just too lazy to drive there own children to school or go to the store so I had to. And when I finally got a little documentation at 17 I think my mother kept it for "safe keeping" so you can imagine it's no longer existant. They had me drop out at 16 so I could go to work and help pay bills. I barely managed to get a GED thankfully. But I have no documentation to get a job because my mother keeps it from me. I'm expected to clean up after her 4 other children who while I'm in one room cleaning there in the other destroying it and they don't have to do chores because there father says so! My mother is dateing a cheating alcoholic that doesn't help the situation at all. They had a child together. My ex step father is very hostile and violent and my mother refuses to enforce her parenting plan. Even when he crashed my grandfather's death bed just to pick a fight with my mom's current bf, I had a girlfriend at one time. But with all the abuse and constant bickering from my family, she couldn't handle the pressure and left me. I can't get a job, a car, a girlfriend, my only real chance at life is to be homeless and even then I can't get documentation because I can't prove who I am and my mother won't help and I can't expect my own father to help who is a heroin addict that flew the coop when I was 2. The rest of my family consist of meth,heorin addicts and even drug dealers, gang bangers, and prositutes. That's my support system! I hate all of them! I hate gangs I hate drugs and alcohol I hate fighting! I just want one single day of peace and quiet! And anyone else outside that immediate family disowned us long before I was born so I couldn't find them to save my life. So my point is what do I do? I'm already 23 . Do I go homeless and hope for the best with no documentation. Or should I just off myself now and save myself from any further suffering? Sorry I know that's alot to drop but Jesus fuck! Shit isn't fair! God is one sick mother fucker 