The only thing that's stopping me is the thought of my family finding me and my friends getting that phone call.I don't hate much, but I hate myself. I have yet to meet a person as despicable, abhorrent, useless and repulsive as the one I see in the mirror. My self loathing runs so deeply it's like it's embedded in my DNA, and I succumb to its insistence for self-punishment by mapping out my inadequecy in angry red lines that criss cross the imperfect plains of my upper thigh.

My self esteem is festering in the gutter, and it's lead me to do some truly sewerage-level disgusting things. I'm only 17 years old, yet the number of hands that I've let touch me, the number of eyes that I've let see me is enough to last me a lifetime. And that's the thing - I *let* them do all those things. I feel so unworthy of love and affection, I literally cannot fathom someone actually wanting me for anything more than a piece of meat. So when we're in the bathroom at the party and he starts to push me down on my knees, I do it, I get right down, and I do it with a smile because this is exactly what I deserve and it's all that I'm ever going to get.

And the funny thing is, for so long I saw myself as mature, fearless, an *empowered* feminist revolting against our stiflingly misogynistic, sex-negative culture by embracing and expressing my sexuality. But the truth is, I'm a child playing an adult's game. Nothing has made me feel so small, so insignificant, so vulnerable. I'm in way over my head.

It's brought up all the latent insecurity that I thought I'd dealt with in the past. The self immolising monster that lead me to disordered eating in the past is back now, and it's hungrier than ever. This time, I'm not sure if I can fight it. I'm not sure if I deserve to fight it. I'm weak, I'm lazy, I'm repulsively ugly, there is nothing virtuous to be found in me and rightfully, no one is ever going to want me for anything other than a convenient fuck.

I'm completely aware of how pathetically self-pitying this whole post and indeed all my "problems" are. That's why these thoughts of just ridding the world of the burden of my continued existence are becoming stronger and more frequent. The only thing that's been stopping me so far is the thought of my family finding me and my friends getting that phone call. But it's getting harder and harder to resist. I sleep all day because I hate being awake, but at night I lay ostensibly awake as I'm torn apart from the inside. I find myself wishing that I'd just fall asleep and never wake up. 