I'm over everythingI'm 22 and I've just been mentally fucked since I was a kid. My parents and apparently everyone around me growing up just thought of me as a lazy and shy, awkward child, so that's probably why I still have such a hard time opening up and trusting others. I don't know.

My dad's a raging asshole. Disabled, but highly functional, yet highly lazy. I make all his meals, get him all his drinks (aka nothing but soda), run to him whenever he calls for some dumb thing, then listen while he tells me I'm so stupid I'll just end up getting raped and murdered one day. 

I love my mom to death and she means well, but she always guilt trips me and I've given up on reaching out to her for help. I say I've had a bad day, she replies back with 'I've had it worse.' Like thanks, mom. Tonight, she told me to just go to sleep when I'm tired (pretty sure I have some sleep disorder, my sleep has always been messed up and my entire life I've been regularly exhausted), and five minutes later my dad is talking shit about how I went to bed too early last night (literally two am what the fuck) and how he was in pain and needed me. That's why I can't go to bed when I want, because I'm nothing more than a god damn maid. 

We have a lot of pets. Way too many for our small house and three people to take care of. While they get all the food and basics they need, I feel stressed and horrible every day because some of them don't get the attention they need and deserve, but we can't rehome them to someone more fit because they're too "emotionally attached." The last thing I want to do is give up some pets, because they're family to me, but I feel like fucking trash when I'm the only person in this house who seems to care.

I have two older brothers who've moved out. I'm so jealous they're older and got out when they wanted to. Every one just tells me to move out and leave, but how can I. My parents depend on me so much and if I leave then my pets will just be even more alone and the house will get trashed. My dad is practically a horder and my mom's always too tired from work. I feel so stuck.

Whenever I talk to my best friend about how I'm feeling she just makes me feel bad for not confiding in her more often. Her main thing, too, is just telling me to move out. Like it's that easy. I love her so much, but I can't rely on her like that. I feel so embarrassed. She has it so together and just doesn't fucking understand it.

I just started going to college a while back, I finally realized what I wanted to do as a career. My spring classes just ended and I didn't do any summer ones, just because I didn't get financial aid this past year, so I had to drop almost $1,000 on school, almost all my savings. So now my bank account is fucked, too. I'm really excited to start up in the fall, I honestly wish I could fast forward to then. It's the only thing that makes me happy anymore. 

I keep thinking about my ex. He dumped me because he didn't love me anymore. I know I'm a fucking catch. Other than my mental health, I'm honestly great, but the breakup fucked me up. He was my first everything and it's just so hard getting over it. He's on my mind literally 24/7 no matter what I do. I just think about how his family seems so perfect compared to mine, how he can sleep whenever he wants and how they have fun family dinners and they only have one super sweet dog. I miss him and his quiet home so fucking much, and I'm so embarrassed by what I have. 

I'm at the healthiest weight of my life. I exercise more than ever before and physically, I feel great. My sleep is just so fucked and my family blows and I have no money and I can't seem to land a job after the place I used to work for closed. My problems seem so small and stupid and I feel horrible for wanting to kill myself when others have it so much worse. I keep telling myself this is temporary and it'll get better. 

But I'll have depression and anxiety my entire life, and no doubt these shit feelings will always come back. I try to do everything right, but no matter what everyone always sees me as a lazy screw up. The only reason I haven't killed myself is because I don't want to leave my mom behind. Honestly I don't care about how my brothers or friends would feel because I really don't think they'd care much, if I'm honest. I don't know how they would. The thoughts are on my mind all the time again and I'm not even scared anymore. Makes me feel a little free. Sorry for typing so much, just had to get this shit out. Thanks.