37 hoursI do not know what to feel, to be honest. It is a mixture of stress, anger; anxiety, jealousy; loneliness, emptiness, numbness, and sadness. Mostly hurt and unappreciated. I am nearing the end of my contract in the Armed Forces. I put 110% of myself into the military, my leaders, and my subordinates. As I progressed throughout my career, I faced many obstacles. Had ex-girlfriends cheat on me, lost brothers and sisters, and lost friendships. Had multiple near-death experiences. 

Good friends have been killed in action. Brothers have suffered with PTSD and committed suicide. It is even more heartbreaking when the person you are in charge of takes his own life. You feel an unsurmountable amount of guilt. If only I had paid more attention and saw the signs. He had a good marriage with beautiful children. Finances were in check. Had a happy life with the wife. No one saw it coming.

You cannot be an individual; your life and buddies' lives depend on each other. I gave my all to them. Did everything for them to make sure they were fed, hydrated, cool in the blistering heat, warm and dry during rain/snow, bought snacks, drinks, and tobacco to boost morale, you name it. Yet, here they are, saying I am never around for them. Saying they never see me with the guys as if I am looking out for myself and no one else. 

I met a woman a while back. We made a great connection instantly. We shared the same goals and wanted the same things, or so it seemed. I did everything for her, gave her anything and everything she wanted. Fulfilled the voids that she had been missing from her past relationships. Then having the woman of my dreams leave me in the dust while I am away, just like the previous people I dated before, to date other people. I should have known it was coming, for she was unfaithful in her last relationship. As the saying goes, "If she cheats for you, she will cheat on you." 

These two predicaments happened simultaneously, and the effects have been ongoing for months. It does not help that I have family members who have told me that they hated me, so I cannot turn to them. I have tried speaking with good friends and old friends. They are tired of hearing the same thing over and over again, so they have decided to disassociate themselves with me. 

I have never feel more lost and alone in my life. The people here in the stateside will never be able to understand what we go through over there. Transitioning back home is worst than hell. The people I knew are not the same. I come home, but I no longer feel like the person I once was. I feel disconnected, isolated, and misunderstood. I am just over everything.

Shit hit the fan last Wednesday. It was actually worst because I had already been drunk at 11am when it fell apart. I was told I do not mean anything anymore, that I am stealing inner peace, that there is peace without me. My drunken state of mind took that to a whole new level and I did something I would never have thought of. I tried to take my life.

Fortunately, I did not, as I am here writing this. Unfortunately, anyone who found out about my attempt labeled me as emotionally manipulative for "making a scene for attention." I was drunk and in a terrible state of mind. I would not have attempted suicide, not thought about it had I not been pushed to that point. Now, everyone I know has officially stopped communicating with me. My calls and texts go unanswered along with few people blocking me. It makes me wish I went through with it in my drunken state of mind.

Every since that day, I have been thinking about taking my life. Not purposely, but my mind just wanders to it. I purchased a firearm. There is an 11 days waiting period, for people to calm down and think through their impulsive actions. My mind hadn't changed in the past week. Now, I am counting down the hours until I can pick up my firearm. 