Seeking Life AdviceI'm one of those people who, if I were to kill myself, would probably generate the reaction of "he had everything going for him," which, on the surface, is somewhat true. I grew up without a financial care in the world and went to a top private university. As an adult, I'm in perfect health, decent physical shape, I'm close with my family, have a few really good friendships, and have dated and continue to date accomplished, attractive women.

The problem is that I'm in my early 30s and completely financially dependent on my parents. I dropped out of law school a decade ago to pursue my passion of a career in the arts. I have received a few legitimate positive notices for my work, but it has not generated meaningful commercial interest and after 10 years of honing my craft and putting myself out there, I have not made a penny and seem no closer to doing so anytime soon.

In the meantime, I've held down low-paying and unpaid jobs and internships. I recently quit my job of 3 years at a small non-profit that paid me very little to do clerical tasks. I eventually took over a marketing position there when someone else left, but knew nothing about marketing, was relatively terrible at it, and ended up quitting after a year of it with poor performance reviews. I'm very shy/sensitive, feel highly unsuited to office jobs, and don't seem to fit in with co-workers. I discovered towards the end of my time there that I was being mocked behind my back as though I were still in middle school.

My degree is in a useless liberal arts field, and despite hundreds of job applications, I haven't received any responses to the positions I've been interested in applying to, probably because of a lack of experience. I don't even know what I should be applying to anymore. My only true passion is my creative pursuits, and while I continue to hold out some hope that eventually people will take interest in my creative work, it feels like a pipe dream.

I have no "network" to draw upon to find good jobs. I can't identify a practical graduate degree that I would be interested in attaining. At best, I can take yet another clerical position somewhere, but that just seems like a ticking time bomb.

I feel horrible guilt and shame at living in a nice apartment that I can't afford. I've been in therapy for years and various prescription medications have done little to help. I also feel guilty for even having these feelings, because other people have had real traumatic experiences in their lives and want to die; my suffering pales in comparison and I still think about killing myself all the time. I don't want to live a life of a failed dreams with zero passions. I don't want to be an office drone. I want some kind of recognition of my intelligence and creativity and to use it in a way that earns me a decent living. Earning money doing something I hate isn't enough. My creative pursuits don't satisfy me as just a hobby.

I know killing myself would hurt those who care about me, but I obviously wouldn't feel guilt (or anything!) after I died, so is that reason enough to stay alive? Should one choose to stay alive for the sole purpose of preventing others from unbearable grief?

I feel like I'm failing at life and there is no guidance of what to do and I am a disappointment to my well-adjusted family. I often go sleep wishing I won't wake up. Life just feels incredibly disappointing and unfulfilling and if I had been given the choice of whether or not to exist, I wouldn't have picked this.

As I said before, I know my problems are very "first world," but does anybody have any advice on how to move forward from this kind of situation? Is there a way to trick my brain into not caring about my passions and finding meaning in a bland existence?

Thanks for any help/advice! 

 
