[Need Advice] Can't change into my real self,can't live with it anymoreHello Everyone,

So this is a Story of myself,about self-hate,Anorexia,Body Dismorphia and gender dysphoria.If you are not comfortable with that please switch to the next post,Thank you

But anyways:

&amp;#x200B;

It all started at 12,i wasn't like the other boys,i had long hair,secretly loved the color pink and purple,sometimes even tried on girls clothes. ( Now you know where this is going,if you dont tolerate it i ask you to stop reading now. ) Anyways,in School i was bullied,beaten,followed home sometimes,this went to a degree where i even kept some spare change in my pocket in order for them to leave me alone.When i graduated with 15 i struggled to find a job,i didn't like being a mechanic as i didn't find any interest in cars.So i picked Cook,thanks to my aunt who found a position for me.It was poor pay but it didn't bother as i lived with my mother,i don't know my dad.He left when i was 3.

Now when i came to Job school,which i have to visit for 2 months each year,in my first year there i developed Body Dismorphia and Anorexia, as i was seeking treatment i was diagnosed with Body Dysmorphia and something called gender dysphoria.As you can see they didn't think i was anorexic as i wasn't ,,providing any evidence''.But when i got down to 51kg with 17 years old (male) i couldn't stop.I wanted to be thin,skinny,lovely,just like a girl.

&amp;#x200B;

But due the lack  of empathy from society i suppressed this thoughts of being a girl.I started working out because i thought every ,,men'' does that.I hated myself even more.So i stopped working out and due the lack of food i got from working out,i went on a binge cycle.you know-eat,gain,puke,fast,repeat- .I sometimes stood in front of the mirror and if i felt bad,which was almost every single time,i skipped the next meal.but my anorexia  is a different story.

Its been 1 week since i found about the whole MTF and trans thing,it was like a new world.Icant afford surgery,and living with the fact that then, i needed to take supplements and hide my real voice ,remove this disgusting facial and body hair,also living with the fear to be exposed as a male made me feel sicker then normal.

Now ,i cant change into what i want to be and hate my appearance,body,basicly all of it. I have lost all interest in my hobbys,and i dont make much out of friends..To be clear,it's not the usual ,,i hate myself but am too lazy to change anything'' talk,like i really can't do much about it.It has gotten so far that i took my bike last night (around 2:AM)and hiked to the woods nearby my city ( about 10km away from my home) and searching for spots to hang myself.

Now the Piece of Advice im looking for is a reason to keep myself alive,because i don't seem to find any.I don't care about the sadness im leaving my family,music doesn't help me cope anymore,no interests,just feeling weak in my own body.I can't change,because if i do,i will feel even more ,,fake''

What should i do? There's only one way out..

&amp;#x200B;

Thank You for taking you time to read my story.I really appreciate it.