Probation. Felonies. Family Deaths. Mental Illness. what's next? How do I a life that seems to be going no where and seems like it won't go anywhere?I can't go into all the details. But put it this way, I've recently gotten into trouble. Trouble which affects me in many a ways. I'm only 22...I got in trouble when I was 20. I got in trouble just after my great uncle died. I feel guilty because my family couldn't go to his funeral because of me. While going through court proceedings, my grandfather became ill. Luckily he lasted until after the court proceedings but he soon passed after that. I have felonies on my record at 22 that will be there for life and will effect me getting a job and living a peaceful life. I've been diagnosed as having bipolar disorder with Auditory and tactile hallucinations. I have no job experience in my life at all...my chances of getting a job are slim to none. I just don't know what to do anymore. The only girl I ever truly loved quit talking to me months if not years before I got in trouble. The only time I ever really felt happy was with her and that feeling was new to me and I went and fucked it up and then went and proceeded to fuck my life up. I see no coming back from this. I have no college education, I do have a high school diploma but most jobs in that field are low pay and I'd be less likely to get it due to everything. My family and I always fight. I love'em, I really do, to the point that when I decide I want to kill myself I think of them first and that keeps me from doing it. I can't do it, because I don't wanna hurt them...but in that process, I'm just making myself hurt more. Constantly telling myself I'ma  failure, that I'm never going to amount to anything. That I'd be better off just not being here anymore... "why?" That's always the question I ask myself when I lie down at night in a dark room. "Why did you make the choices you made? You're so fucking stupid, you know that?" The only way to get through the day is to occupy my time with...anything...anything that keeps me from my own thoughts...


What do you do when you're broken beyond repair at such a young age? 