I feel trapped, lost, unmotivated and useless.Note:  I'm not sure if this belongs here.  I'm not necessarily planning to commit suicide, but I've been plagued with depression suicidal ideation for years now.  I'll explain more below:

I suppose the best way to put it is, I feel lost.

I've been dealing with depression for a huge chunk of my life.  Started around high school.  Seems natural, being hormonal around that time.  I eventually turned to cigarettes, marijuana, drinking.  My college years saw me trying some other things...cocaine, mushrooms, ecstasy.  Thankfully, I walked away from all that with only a cigarette addiction and occasionally smoking weed and drinking.  I'm trying to quit cigarettes and I'm debating as to whether or not I want to do any sort of intoxicants anymore.

On occasion, I've felt suicidal.  Always for different reasons.  In high school, I had a crush on some girl, and her rejection made me feel that way.  As time goes on, I'll feel depressed about lost friendships, or girls in general.  I dunno why, but I sometimes just feel weird around them.  For some reason, their opinion of me is incredibly important to me.  I guess its because I grew up with the idea that I was a nerd and that girls didn't like nerds.  I know now this isn't true, but it's still burned into my brain today,

I always seem to fixate on some girl.  Again, there was a girl in high school who I had a crush on and for some stupid reason she drove me to depression.  She didn't even do anything wrong.  I think I just made up in my mind who I wanted her to be, and when she didn't fit the bill, it made me depressed.  I've done it again with a girl I met in college, only she was a bit more volatile.  She was a close friend for some time, close enough to try and give me life advice, but then I drove her away by being attracted to her and having depressive episodes.  We don't talk anymore.  I feel guilty.  Why do I drive these girls away?  I have plenty of friends who are girls, but then I'll become infatuated with one and ruin everything.  I wish I could just be more confident and stop being so stupid about it.

On top of that stuff, I mentioned earlier I feel lost.  I don't like my current job.  But I honestly have no idea what I wanna do with my life.  I have an English degree and I like video games, but I just don't see myself writing about them.  I have a slight interest in video...I've edited video at a real estate company...made some promotional videos for them...it was fun, but again...I don't feel a strong pull towards it.  I can't call myself a professional videographer because I don't have all the know how   And for some reason I don't feel motivated to learn more about it.

I've been told (by the girl from college) that I may be afraid of failure, so I never commit to anything.  Maybe she's right, but how do I stop this from happening?  How do I just push myself to learn, to better my self?  I'm also a musician, and I've been told I have talent, but again, I don't have any motivation to improve.  I'll have random moments where I do...like for music, I'll set up a Myspace page or a Soundcloud, amass some followers, but I never stick with it.  With video...I have a Youtube page, but not many followers...but I don't have the motivation to find out how to change that.  I can see how, but I guess I feel like its too much work....maybe being lazy is my problem....maybe its being lazy and afraid to fail...I don't know.  I want to change myself.  And that alone seems daunting.

These are the things that lead me to feel suicidal.  I've never acted upon it, though.  I don't know if I ever could.  I think about my friends being pissed at me, and I don't want to piss off my friends.  I think of my family being pissed, or my mom being utterly devastated.  I think of how I own a cat and how she would be screwed without me.  And not only that...what real impact would I have in death?  It feels like I haven't really accomplished anything. If I were to die tomorrow, I can't help but think I wouldn't be remembered for some grand thing...just as a man who was too afraid to make something of himself.

So I guess I feel like I'm trapped...caught in a fear to commit to my dreams and a crippling laziness to put in the hard work to get there...I just...I dunno, I just don't know what to do.  I wish I wasn't depressed.  I wish I could be happy.  I wish I could accomplish my dreams....I wish I had the willpower and the work ethic to get there....why don't I?  How to I get it?  Why can't I just be a hard worker?  I wish I didn't just give up so easily...I think that's where the suicidal thoughts come from...I just give up when faced with these things. I'm just tired of feeling inferior, lazy, alone, stupid and depressed.