done with the life stuffIt's a little hard to start this off. I don't know where to begin. I've been depressed my entire life. And there have been points that might've been worse than this, but this is the one that has me writing here. I don't know why I'm writing here. I have a therapist, I don't need to see her that much. I've been in therapy for a decade now and I know everything that she could advise me anyway... the only reason I keep going to therapy is so that I can get this stuff off my chest, and I can't even tell her everything because there's not enough time in our sessions and I don't see her often enough. She's the best free therapist I have at my disposal, but she doesn't have time to see me every week. Some times I feel like no one has time for me.

I have a boyfriend, sort of. He's handsome and charming and literally everything I've ever dreamed of in a man, but he's also always so busy. I can't tell him about my sadness, that I have bipolar disorder. I can't tell him that he's one of the few things in this life that makes the pain disappear for a little while... If I were braver I'd tell him I love him and need him in my life. He says he's crazy about me, I shouldn't be afraid to just hint that I want to see him more, but I'm so afraid. I'm afraid if he got to know me he'd see me for the broken person I am and not want me anymore. And even if he wanted to stay with me I'm afraid his perceptions of me would change too much if he knew how I felt right now.

Right now I feel like dying. Not the figurative sense either. I really want to die. I keep looking at my healthcard on the table and thinking about how I should get help instead. I've been admitted to the hospital for mental health before, but I've also been rejected. Being rejected is so hard. Who are they to decide whether I want to die badly enough? When I attempted suicide I didn't have some grand plan. I didn't spend a week saying goodbye or any of the stereotypical suicidal warning signs they look for in the hospital. No I just realized one day that I was going to kill myself eventually either way and it might as well be then. There was no scheming to die. This time is a little different. Plus it's been almost a decade and people change. I've looked up different types of suicides that I could use. I like the idea of hanging because it's the easiest for me to do. But it's got a pretty high failure rate and I don't want to ruin the life of whoever discovers me. There's a train track near my house. I hate the idea of ruining my face, but at least with the train I wouldn't know the people cleaning my body from the tracks. 

I should tell you a bit about myself. I'm female, I'm 23, I'm dating someone much older than me who I'm in love with. I have bipolar disorder. I'm deeply depressed and I need better excuses to stay alive. So far my excuses tend to be along the  lines of "I'll get to see my best girl friend on Wednesday" or "I'll get to see my boyfriend this Thursday" and while those things are nice... just seeing people for a couple hours isn't enough to make me want to live forever. I don't kill myself because I'm afraid of failing and having to actually deal with losing the people I love. 

I wish I could tell someone real how I feel. It's not that easy though. I think with anyone there's a "two crisis limit" so after they help you out with your issues twice they won't want to do so a third time without compensation. I get it I guess. People don't want to think of me as being sad. Anyway my best friend has a surgery to heal from and I don't want to use up my two times with my boyfriend this early on. Today I really need someone to talk to, but no one is available. Sometimes it helps just to hear my loved ones talk about themselves, but they're too busy for even that right now. I want to die so badly. I don't think I can hold on much longer. I'm waiting for the 16th because it's the anniversary of my first failure to commit suicide and it seems like it'll be one of those nice days. I should probably wait longer than that though. I should probably be there for my friend when she recovers from surgery. I should be around next week because my boyfriend asked me to spend the night out of the city with him and I really want to do that. But then if my friend is too sick to see anyone and if my boyfriend is too busy to see me for more than a couple hours... then I think  it's time. I keep putting it off because soandso is having a baby and it's always a bad time for the family... but it's time I die. And suicide is always selfish anyway so does it matter if soandso goes into labor while I'm tying knots?

Please don't tell me this is just another phase I'll get through. You're probably right, but since I have bipolar disorder I can pretty much guarantee I'll become depressed again anyway. Please don't say I should be more grateful that I'm not starving in Africa or maybe I should try doing good for other people. Mostly I feel bad that children suffer anywhere and reminding me about the starving children won't actually change my situation. I don't have the energy to do good for others, but I probably should. Things will get better and then they'll get worse. And anyway I haven't told you about the traumas I've experienced. That's just because I don't think it matters so much how I got here, it just matters that I'm here. People have been depressed over less than me before, and some people it takes more than this to be depressed. I just know that my sadness is a good enough reason for me. 

I got depressed when I was 5. Since then life has been a shitstorm. But on the bright side I'm starting to feel used to it. I still want to die. I dream about it, I fantasize about it, I write about it. I'm mostly just afraid I would fail and have to deal with the consequences of my actions.

Well this has become a rant. I don't know what the point was of this and I'm sorry for wasting anyone's time. 
