Drowning. Fuck. I don't know where to start. I have to get this out of me. All my options lead to suicide. My brain keeps telling me there's enough to not screw over my partner's parents who co-signed his side of lease. This is it. This is my way out.

I guess I should start from the beginning. I got really sick a long time ago. Brain damage, depression, the whole deal. I had to relearn to count and spell and all the while attempt to not fail out of school. That was the beginning. That was 10 years ago. Since then, my life has been a downward spiral. I get told how proud people are of me that I pushed forward. That I made it. And that I even graduated from high school even though I didn't think I could do it. Not when you have to relearn the basic concepts of kindergarten at 14. But I did. Shortly before graduation, my body began collapsing. Soon, I would crumple at various times throughout the day. Another diagnosis. Fuck. I went college. It took me six years, a serious drug problem, and a host of doctors visits, but I did it. I graduated. Another fucking tick mark. 

I left my family after graduation. I couldn't take the disappointment. I knew that if I stayed, I'd end up killing myself. I moved 600 miles away, moved in with my partner, and began a "new life." I got a job. I told myself all I wanted to do was change the world. Everything is fucked and if I don't stand up and try to fix it, then I'll consider myself a failure. I found a shitty apartment. My partner had to have his parents cosign on his side of the lease because his credit is piss poor. I told myself I had made it. That this was stability. A job. A roof. Some ramen. I tried so hard to be happy. To stick to my ethos.

You see, I have this problem. I can't function. I work and work and work and drive myself into the ground and hate myself and throw everything I am just to get through it... And by the end of it, I'm exhausted, a poor employee, and about to be fired. All because basic things like punctuality, time management, and communication get put aside just to do the basic tasks of the job. I lost my job on Tuesday. We have 1000 dollars in savings. I thought we'd be okay until I could find another job. 

I got a call on Wednesday. It was a collector. I had a fender bender with a coworker a long time ago. He ran into me, but I didn't have insurance. I talked with his insurance about everything. They said they'd send me a bill. I waited. No bill came. No calls. I wondered if it was his fault then I wasn't liable. I didn't know. The collector calmly told me that I owed 1700 dollars to his insurance. That they couldn't contact me. That I was unresponsive. Oh god, why now. I cried on the phone with the collector. I told her I didn't a job. That I don't have any money because it all goes to medical bills. That I literally can't pay that. She was nice enough to cut it down to 900 dollars. Its due by the end of the month. They said they'd take my license if I didn't pay. That leaves 100 dollars until I can find a new job. 

100 dollars in an economy with a high unemployment rate. Recent grad, few work experiences. I'm fucked. We can't pay this. They'll take my license, meaning I won't be able to even get to a job, let alone get to it. 100 dollars. What about rent and bills? I haven't been eating already. I'm already hungry because we're broke. Wake up hungry. Go to sleep hungry. Repeat ad nauseam.  

We have a 1000 dollars. That's enough to cover my partner cancelling the lease after I'm dead so they don't go after his parents. My body's already broken. I'm already a failure. I don't have any more options. This saves my partner and his parents from failure to pay bills. This'll get him back to his folks until he can find another place to stay. He'll have food and shelter and won't be facing what we're facing right now. 

This is the only way out. 