Throwaway... through a proxy.. and TOR...So...

Quick background. Was regularly molested (along with my brother) from my first memory until I was about six years old, by a man and a woman. (Relatives, not my parents)

Had a pretty tough time with all that. My brother and I both have problems. I've been diagnosed with clinical depression, bipolar 2, severe anxiety, and severe PTSD.

I managed to pull my shit together about five years ago at 20 years old. I did okay in school, even pushing through panic attacks (which I assumed was just my weakness and everybody else just dealt with shit better than I did).

At this point, got a good job, I'm engaged to a beautiful woman, and we're living very comfortably. Everything should be fine.

Except the last couple years I've become attracted to people I shouldn't be. Namely, girls in the 9-12 age range. I fucking hate it. I see some girls in that age range and the first thing that pops into my head is 'sexy' and then I mentally beat the shit out of myself. Fucking awful.

I really hate myself, a lot. I'm always worried that my fiancee will figure out that there's something wrong with me. My niece is entering that age area, and I've noticed her recently and spent a couple weeks beating the shit out of myself. I've thought about driving off the road at ~90mph more than once, but I've chickened out before I yank the wheel. So I'm a pussy too.

So on top of this, I've been drinking a lot since I started having these urges. I drink to alleviate the stress of how I hate myself, but when I get drunk these ideas suddenly seem like a good idea.

I've never touched anybody who wasn't adult and consenting, I've never let myself get into a situation where something like that could happen. (Ie. I'll make an excuse *not* to babysit my niece)

I really, really hate this. The more it goes on the more I don't want to deal with it. I'm still completely attracted to my fiancee, and I have no problem with normal porn, but there is something that arouses me like nothing else... with something that makes me hate myself.

I'm not like... sitting here on the edge of ending it... but I wouldn't hesitate to end it if somebody found out about this, or if I ever did anything I'd regret in retrospect. I couldn't handle either of those things.

=/