I feel like dying would be okay, but i don’t have any desire to commit suicide, and I don’t have a plan, I just wanna vent about this a bitIf you don’t want to read all the way through, I understand, because this is long, and I don’t wanna waste your time

To start, my mom is abusive. She yells at me, hits me, threatens me and my brother, and overall is a complete bitch. She controls me, never lets me go anywhere, etc. She forces me to work in her coffee shop for gas money (about $45/week) which is less than a dollar an hour because I’m there all day, every day, Monday through Saturday. I also work another job to get some spending money, but it’s not much, and I barely ever work there and my boss treats me like shit and never schedules me any times except nights so I have to work all day at my moms coffee shop and then go there so I can have some money to spend on gas and car insurance

Secondly, I can’t even tell anyone my mom is abusive because my brother tried to report my mom to the state of Michigan for being abusive but she manipulated me and made me feel sorry for her, so I told the caseworker that “my brother was just lying” and “she’s a great mom” and such and such. I fucked up there. That was four years ago, and I feel like such shit about it. I could have ended her shit right there but I was too much of a pussy to do so. 

And before you ask, no I can’t even tell anyone about this abuse, because I stole money from her a lot a while back to go buy treats and stuff because my depression and all that manifested in a compulsion to shove as much sweets into my mouth as possible. This still persists today. I stole so much candy and sweets and money, probably hundreds of dollars, from her that I’m afraid if I tried to report her abuses, she’d just say I’m angry that I don’t get food I want or something.

Also, in the coffee shop, I’m usually depressed and angry, so she’s the more chipper one and all the customers see it that way, and they might testify and say she’s not in the wrong but I am. 

And despite all this, I don’t even know if I could bring myself to report her to the police, because for some reason, I’d dread it if someone found out she was abusing me, and I think I have Stockholm’s syndrome or something or other. 

And I haven’t even got to the worst of it.

For those of you who look through my post history, you’ll see that I’m a transgender girl who’s unable to transition right now due to my shitty mom, but let me rewind and explain it all to you.

For the longest time, I’ve felt off. My friends called me an old soul a lot because I really was back then. So whatever, I went through the motions, struggled to find my purpose in life and all that. Until i met her. Now, I’m just gonna call her M, because her first name started with an M, and I want to preserve her privacy. The last week of my sophomore year of high school, I met M. We immediately hit it off, and It was amazing. I couldn’t remember the last time I had a connection like that. It was amazing! She was my best friend in the whole wide world, and I truly, deep down, loved her, and I still do. 

We talked so much during that summer, and snap chatted back and forth when we traveled and didn’t have service, until the day she sent me a picture of some girl wearing a jean jacket. I replied “who is that lol, ur mom?” And she replied “u weren’t supposed to see that” and I was like “oh no I don’t wanna get you in trouble with your mom, don’t snap me if your mom doesn’t like you talking to boys” and she was like “no that’s not my mom that’s my *girlfriend*”

So it turns out she was gay, and I was devastated. She was the third gay girl in a row that I’d fallen in love with, and I felt like such shit. I felt really depressed, but still wanted to hang out with her, selfishly hoping she’d give up her girlfriend and date me or something. 

It actually got me thinking, and started me down the road to realizing my identity as a trans girl lesbian. I kept this a secret from m for some time

So time went on, and i actually sort of became friends with her girlfriend, so good of friends to the point where I told her before anyone else that I was trans. I ended up helping her out with her problems (I won’t even get into that, she just had a lot of problems) and long story short her girlfriend ended up blocking me and threatening to commit suicide so I lost it and confessed to M that I was trans and was still in love with her.

To say M was shocked would be an understatement. She was like “wait are you joking?” And I assured her no, I am not joking, I’m opening myself up to you. This led to some awkward conversations, and the beginning of my problems. This was around November of last year.

Around this same time, my mom found out that I was texting M and she also found out that M was gay and I was trans and gay. She yelled at me the whole night about how I wasnt a girl and would never be a real girl and I wasn’t a lesbian but just a straight guy. Soon after, M’s girlfriend got jealous cause she thought M and I were back on cause she knew I was trans. So M slowly started dropping out of my life and even faked her girlfriends death to get away from me. 

I was left with no support system, with my mom hating me, and the world closing in around me. I told a few, select people, but one of them got loose lipped and started telling everyone. My depression at this point got really bad. I stopped going to church group for fear someone would find my secret. 

I cut off a lot of my friends, started spiraling down. Around January, it got so bad that I had to tell my dad and stepmom, and thank god they were accepting. However, things kept getting worse at school. The people I once trusted started threatening to reveal my secret as a joke, or as blackmail for me to do work for them or other stuff.

School started spiraling out of control, and my mom, thinking she had repressed everything about my identity, kept pushing me to seek help to get the thoughts out of my head. I did the opposite. I asked my dad for a gender therapist, but it was too little, too late. I barely passed Junior year of high school. This was two months ago. 

Now, I’m just a sad mess of wasted potential. I was always in gifted programs when I was younger, and my counselors said I should take some AP  classes in my junior year, which ended up hurting me in the end.

No matter how much I go to my therapist, my mental health doesn’t seem to be improving much at all, I’m constantly depressed, I’m more overweight than ever, and I’m no closer to being a girl. My mom won’t let me grow out my hair, I’m so fat that I’m not even sure I’m going to be considered healthy enough to take hormones to become a girl and I don’t even know if I’ll be able to pass senior year, let alone get into a college. 

It all just really sucks and if I can’t start transitioning soon I don’t know what I’ll do

Any advice would be appreciated