googling ways to kill myself. I'm going broke and I'm disabled.I hate everyday, I try to not want to die but life throws me shit to deal with and It's becoming harder and harder to convince myself to not do it. Basically my whole family is sabotaging and judgemental and many of them have contributed to my problems and expect me to fix everything for everyone. Yet no helps me and everyone expects me to help them because "I'm a nice person". The word has beaten me down so much, I used to be a curious cheerful little girl.  That person has just felt so much pain that I don't believe there is ever a light at the end of this darkness and I'm almost 30 now. I'm very sure it's not going to get better for me. I know my shitty life is just going to continue to get worse and I can see it right in front of my eyes happening. I try everything I can with all my energy to fix everything and make my life better but it wont get better. Things just keep getting worse regardless if I am actively doing things to make it better. I've been trying for over 20 years and I'm starting to think that maybe It just isn't possible for me to be happy or to want to be alive. I think I'm just going to end up suffering until I die of a complication of the disability I have. It would be horrible and painful but at least I know I probably wont be an old woman and have to live like this for too many decades. Hopefully that will happen soon and I wont have to continue to try and fix everything all the time. I try to give up on that (trying to fix everything) but then my life gets so much worse, I've been trying to solve my problems ( and other peoples problems that they are incapable of doing) but nothing works and everything is shit. I have so little motivation or energy because I've burned myself out from trying to fix everything all the time that I have so little (spunk) left to fix anything and at this point I feel like a zombie carrying out tasks that need to be done but my "heart and soul" are dead and or dying. My dad who was also my best friend died a few years ago, at this point I wish I just did kill myself like I wanted to right after he passed, I've been experiencing complicated grief and the majority of the people in my life are not at all supportive of me emotionally or supportive at all. I have some old friends that dont live in the town I am living in right now that I call or text but that is it in terms of emotional support but we are not as close anymore because I because very introverted after my dad (best friend) died of ALS. At least he's dead and can't see how miserable I am, I know he would have hated that. He was the greatest person I have ever met, he was incredibly emotionally supportive and I feel so lucky every day that I got to have a dad like that. Its just really had when you lose something so wonderful and find out no one else has my back or actually really cares about me to a similar degree. I'm technically engaged but he has become a drug addict  in constant recovery and having issues in doing so (financially and a strain on my life emotionally.)  He is very preoccupied with drugs now and I feel very alone dealing with all these problems I didn't create. He is too preoccupied to be emotionally supportive, even though he has expressed that he wants to be more emotionally supportive, and financially supportive of me ( like I have been for him) but I know I cant rely on him and I am constantly trying deal with everything on my own.