Man I'm patheticI seriously don't know what to do with myself right now and it's been bothering me again for the last few weeks. Literally everyone else I know has some form of income one way or another yet I struggle to find a job for over 4 years ~going on five~~ and still can't nail down just what I'm doing wrong, if anything. I get fucking tired when people say "just get a job" like it's really fucking easy, (even though it probably is), but I can't figure out what to do. There's no guide, steps, or specific way of getting a job, the only thing you can do is fill out an app of where they're supposedly hiring and hope for the best. Even getting an interview isn't garunteed cus I've had plenty and even after them I've gotten the response telling me they declined me or more likely I just get no response at all. I don't have any skills or trade to fall back on and by the time I do learn something I'll end up on the street asking for spare change with a broken cup. Like I've seen people who handle having their own damn business, and freelance art. Can run college and a job like it's no big deal or you know just have their shit together in general and are 2-3 years younger than me. I know at this point getting a job won't fix most of my problems becaus even then I have a serious lack of self-esteem from comparing myself to other people. But I feel like most of the events of my life are a sign I'm not supposed to be doing anything special anyways, or even anything normal for that matter. I doubt someone who's parents divorced when he was 10, failed the 4'th cus was too lazy to do homework, didn't go to a normal public school because parents thought other kids were too ghetto,
couldn't even get a damn transcript after finishing school cus on top of having to pay $500 a month to go to the damn school he didn't want to go to they wanted an additional $1000 for a final report card, can't get a job at 23, doesn't even know what to do with his life is exactly going to be the next president. I have days where I do nothing but sit in the bed and periodically cry because I don't know how to get myself out of this situation. I'm getting tired of putting in all this effort to get out of his and having not even the faintest result, essentially beating my head against a wall.  If this keeps up I might end up hurting myself or even worse.