Found Evidence that 6yr Long Term S.O. Cheated with a "friend" I introduced him to. Not sure how to go on &amp; cut myself for the first time in over 6 years. Feeling worthless and foolish. What reason is there to go on?I am not sure what the rules really are for this subreddit. I am sorry if I am not meeting them but I don't know where to turn or how to see the light right now.

As title states - found incriminating message between S.O. and mutual "friend". Thinking about the many subtle and not so subtle clues I have been given that this had occurred a while ago. Not sure when exactly it happened - 3 years ago? 4? 1 year? Was it ongoing or just once?

This will be the 3rd relationship in a row where I have been cheated on. Now at this point the question is am I so defective that I caused this to happen and I deserve so little respect or did this happen because I have horrendous taste in partners? I really thought it was different this time.

I have messaged my S.O. (who is currently sleeping) a screen shot of the message in question where he says they had sex and she responds with how her ex basically pushed her into his arms and that their partners caused them to cheat due to lack of intimacy.   I can't go back now unless I delete the message from his phone but he will probably notice the cuts on my thigh unless I am careful.

We have 4 pets together and a lease for 8 more months. I work a shit job that kills me inside day after day and I have been trying to replace with a more stable job that pays enough to support myself. How can I even get out of this situation? I am so hopeless because I am pathetic and can't even afford to be independent due to poor financial management and the S.O. contributing to putting myself into debt due to him not finding stable work until this last December as well as a recent move. 

Why? Why do we have to suffer as human beings?

How can I ever have faith in another human being again? I feel like I see so many awful sides to people especially if it was someone I loved. I feel like a long long time ago I could believe that people were capable of being basically good but now I don't know how I am ever going to look him or anyone else in the eye again. There is just lies and there is just selfish hurtful behaviour.

I already hate myself but now it is just so much more. Why am I such an idiot? Why didn't I pursue the clues from before? Why did I waste my life with all of this? I think I really thought he was the one. I feel so sick and only now have  I stopped shaking. I wish I had the courage to just end this all quickly - to leave him all this mess to clean up. I don't even have the follow through...