For the first time in a long time suicide seems pretty reasonableI am an addict.  I work my ass off for barely enough money to drink and smoke my drinks and smokes of choice.  I have been struggling for ten years with this.  

I am a big naive idiot, too.  I get myself fucked over by the sharks we call humans regularly.  Now it seems my living arrangement is going to be shut down and I have nowhere to go.  I do think I will be homeless in a month or two.  

I am sick of this shit 100%.  My family is nearly done with me so like fuck I am going to mention it to them.  

I have struggled with suicidal tendencies for half my 30 year life, and now I am alone in a fucked up city being fucking evicted for the second time in a year through the fault of being naive and trusting and I can honestly say that fantasies of death are taking me over.  I have plans, concrete ones, that I can execute.  I need a little hardware first.  I was gonna wait for my remaining parent to die first but honestly what's the point if I can't even begin to get my shit together?  Why even live like an example of failure when I could be remembered as having so much potential?  

Last weekend I came close to checking in the ER.  Parts of me surely want to live.  Yeah at this point fulfilling my plans seems like a really good option.  I think about it every day many times.  Way more than I had been.

I am just so tired of picking myself up off the ground I think I would rather become a part of it.

I don't know why I am here.  Because I have to miss work if I report to the ER.  I don't want to hurt my family.  All my dreams are dead.  Unattainable and locked behind the panic and fear which ties me to the dirt I long to become.  I am alone and beyond that I am fundamentally lonely and unable to express myself in even the simplest of ways.  I believe in the core of my being that I will never make myself understood and my life will be a stammering disgrace just as it has been for thirty. fucking. years.

Sorry.  Posts like this are why I unsubscribed but I am at my wits' end and it's either here or the ER that I am aware of somebody who I can talk to.