Feeling suicidal after my Mom was denied unemployment for "quitting."Back in December my mom was in the hospital multiple times for heart problems. We were behind on all of our bills and she had to fight for short term disability twice. She was still behind on everything, and we had it rough then. She had a mini stroke while working one day due to a blood clot, she had also had a stomach ulcer due to stress. She was in the hospital for awhile, while she was there a doctor changed her anti depressant medication and it had a reaction that made her very suicidal. I had to call the police twice because she was starting to OD on pills. She was sent to the 6th floor for suicidal thoughts. While she was there she kept her Job notified the entire time. The day she was going to be told about when she would be released, she was called and told she was being let go from her job and that she did not know yet when she would be able to return to work yet. She found out later that she was being released the 9th of January and her FMLA that had already been extended once would not be able to be renewed.

Her boss told her she needed to get her life together and was told that they would not fight her for unemployment. This however was not true and here we are now. The only witnesses my mom had still works for the company, and the boss lied and said she quit. We have already appealed it and they chose in her company's favor. Now we are at a risk of losing everything because they lied and said she voluntarily quit. We can't afford anything. We have food stamps and all but the stress of all this is unbearable. I feel suicidal, and I am scared. How can people be so heartless. We have no family to help us, our friends can only do so much. We have nowhere to live. I love my Mom, and I always feel good around her, but when I am alone I start crying all the time.

My mother worked for this company for 18 years and was 2 years away from retirement. I think about that YouTube video about that old lady getting bullied on the bus, and there are some good people out there. But we are alone, I feel alone and dead inside. My job is becoming more and more stressful since I work at walmart and push carts. Seeing my Mom so sad is too much for me to bear.

I have been on anti depressants since 2008, and have tried to help people the best I can. I am a good person and so is my Mom, and seeing stuff like this happen to us is unbelievable. She has been depressed all of her life and we can't get a break at all. Nowhere. 