I just need someone to hear my story...I’ve been having suicidal thoughts for a long time. They started when I was 13 and I was raped by my big brother. It happened a few times before I got the courage to tell my parents. I thought that would help, but it didn’t. They did nothing, but I don’t blame them. I wouldn’t know what to do if my son raped my daughter. I don’t know if they ever talked to him, but I know they never talked to me about it. Never asked how I felt, never took me to a see a psychologist or anything. It was like it never happened. One time my mom found me crying so bad and she asked what was wrong, I told her I wasn’t comfortable been near my brother and all she said was “if it hasn’t happened again you should just let it go”. Yeah, like it’s that simple. I was forced to live with my rapist and pretend like it never happened while everyone else continued living our “perfect life , with our perfect family”.  Sometimes I just stopped talking to everyone and my parents said I should stop being so rude and “be a part of this family”.
My younger brother knows nothing about this, and he asks me why I am the way I am (distant, rude, indifferent) with my older brother (he admires his big brother so much). But I can’t tell him the truth, it will break his heart. 
Sometimes I want to talk to my parents and brother and tell them they should be ashamed of what they did. My parents for ignoring the problem, not giving me a hand in my healing process, not being able to protect their little girl from a monster they raised. To my brother I wish I could say “go fuck your self “, but I’m a coward and I just can’t do it. I don’t really blame them, it’s a weird/difficult thing that happened I’m sure no one can handle the right way.

But I just wish I could help myself, I can’t stop feeling insecure, worthless. I know no one except me can drag me out of this dark place I’m in, but I have no strength. I’ve tried talking to people, friends, boyfriend, shrinks, but no one really understands my pain. They just give me a sad look feeling sorry for me, but there’s not much they can do. My best friend says I’m so brave for going through this all by myself, and still be able to greet everyone with a smile, treat people nicely, be supportive when friends need it. She says I’m a loving person, always going the extra mile when it comes to helping others, always doing whatever I can to put a smile on someone else’s face. You could say I’m a really kind person, and I know it’s true, but i just wished this helped me put a REAL smile on my face. 
I’m tired of pretending I’m happy. Getting out of bed every morning asking God why I’m still alive. I’m tired of thinking about driving my car off the road on purpose, tired of crying my self to sleep every night, tired of feeling like shit knowing no one really understands what I’m feeling and specially tired of not knowing how to help myself heal. 
I need healing and I need it so bad. I’m afraid one day I will give up. I don’t want to, but there’s not much strength left in me.
 I want to kill myself, but I’m a coward. I can’t do it and leave all the people I care about deal with that pain. I can’t let them feel that they could have done more. I can’t hurt them, I don’t wanna cause them pain.
That’s the only reason I’m still alive. I would rather let pain kill me that inflict it on some one else. I guess I know what it feels like to be broken and I would never wish that on anyone.

I’ve never said this to anyone, but writing it makes feel a bit better. I know this will only last a few minutes, but it feels good to let it all out.