I’m getting a promotion at work but why don’t I feel betterI have been suicidal for awhile now, but how intense the thoughts surrounding it vary depending on my current environment. I recently graduated, but with the pandemic and other personal reasons, I’m unfortunately living at home and despite being fortunate enough to be working, I was still in an intern position at a company I had been working at for over a year and half now. I was (fairly aggressively) applying to jobs since graduating in May, but nothing was working out and any positions that followed up with me were essentially to say, ‘we think you’d be great, but we’re not hiring atm bc of the pandemic’ which definitely started to hit hard after the first few times. With this, my parents were actively encouraging me to pursue my masters, which I did want to do, but I needed a break. 

All the stress has started to compounded and lately I’ve been consistently having a steady stream of thoughts in the back of my head. At first it was about how I could die and I wanted to die. It then moved to I need to die and I should just die. This is definitely new territory for me, and although I’m not self harming and I havent in years, the fact that these thoughts won’t leave me alone is really upsetting me. When it started, I thought it was caffeine related, but it’s just all the time now and I feel like there’s no end in sight. 

My boss is great and he was fortunately able to work out a full time salaried position for me that I will be moving into within the next couple of weeks once some paperwork gets sorted. The expected salary is much, much more than I anticipated it would be, and frankly feels to be much more than I deserve. I feel like this should make me happy, as it takes some of the stress of finding a full time/ well paying job, but I’m not. My boss stopped by earlier to congratulate me and assure me that I deserve the position, but I think he could tell something was off, because he stopped for a moment to ask ‘are you as excited about this as I am for you?’ I reassured him I was before sending him on his way, but I’m not. I just feel so exhausted all the time and I constantly have headaches, which have worsened recently. 

Theoretically, I should feel better, and I feel like such an ungrateful brat for not. But I can’t seem to shake this and if anything, I feel even more stressed out for seemingly no reason. Has anyone been in a similar position? any advice is much appreciated