I’m ready to end it.I can not take the constant fails in my life any longer, I’ve been homeless 3 times and I thought I would never have to experience that again. Now I’m at risk of losing my apartment next month on my birthday. I have no family to help me and I feel as if I’m being negative complaining to my friends so I just gave up. Everything is crashing around me . I was drugged and raped on august 27 2020 by someone I trusted and loved. That same night I lost my job because I couldn’t bring myself to leave my home . Not to mention before all of this I feel in love with an abusive narcissistic man who was addicted to meth and after meeting him I became addicted. When I decided I did t want to do meth anymore I was dumped as if I never really mattered. I accepted that and he wanted me to move out ASAP so I hustled and found an apartment with a great roommate. After my rape I didn’t leave my apartment by myself for 2 months. I couldn’t bring myself to walk passed his house. When I was drugged and raped I lost 4 hours of what was done to me. Till this day that torments me. And the people who know what happened to me think that I am ok because I tell them I’m ok and put on a facade that everything is fine, only to not be a burden or that one friend that always has drama. It took me a min to trust again. And I met this guy online that I thought was pretty sweet and genuine and we started dating. It was the best time that I’ve had in a while since that night. We would play video games ( ion even like video games but I was falling for him so I was willing to learn his favorite things and In time they too became my favorite things). Well things were going well until he started treating me like a stranger, no hugs , no more kisses, and no more late night convos on the phone while he traveled for work. I finally got the courage to ask him what was wrong? His reply shattered ever string In my heart “ I’m just upset because I love my ex and he doesn’t love me , I want him and he doesn’t want me” silence . I’m staring down at my phone screen tearing up. I reply well what would make you feel better right this second so your anxiety doesn’t flare up? He told me “I just want him to love me the way I love him”.  This coming from the person that told me his ex was blackmailing him to keep taking care of him while they weren’t together, the same ex that terribly attacked him before they broke up 5 years ago. Thoughts ran through my mind about the times I’ve tried to prove myself to him to let him know that I was falling for him, hell he told me he loved me and than just like that stopped. That was my first straw. He ignored me for an entire month and I’ve repeat tried to reach out to him. If he’d answered I’d told him that I’m about to lose my apartment on my birthday , that I tried to hang myself the other night but the rope snapped, and that I’ve given up. I’m hurt because I gave someone a part of me after that night that I was really hard for me only to feel abandoned and it bought up the times I’ve trusted friends this past year that abandoned me , the repeated risk of homelessness I’ve been facing alone , walking three hours to interviews because I have no money, not getting the jobs because I don’t look presentable, and having my phone turned off by my ex right when I needed my phone the most which cost me tons of job opportunities. I feel that I must be the problem and that I should just exit out of everyone’s life. I’m tired of working hard and not giving up. Today was my final straw. I give up . I sat down I wrote my suicide notes for those who I know will want answers . I sold most of my things and have prepared to disengage from all social media platforms. I cried but I cried because I’m tired . I’ve literally never given up not in foster care not when I lost my dad , my mom , my grandma. I kept pushing, but this time I can no longer. I feel so alone. And it hurts . It hurts because I tried . I’m doing it on my 27th birthday on December 8th.