It's like I'm not allowed to be happyI've only wanted to die once before, but in hindsight I'm pretty sure I never would have done it, given the circumstances at the time. Now though, I've never felt more unwanted or worthless in my life. In the past 3 weeks I've basically watched my life fall apart in front of my eyes. I've gone from waking up in the morning with a smile on my face and hopefulness and excitement for the day, to not even waking up. This is because I'm to sad, angry and wound up to sleep these days, I wouldn't have the motivation to go to work except for the fact I'm so irritated I simply have to get out of bed and get the first bus of the morning to work because I cannot stand to lie there and be tormented by my own mind any longer. This whole situation of me feeling like this began with my girlfriend, who was my first real one who I wanted some kind of a future with. She decides to break up with me, over text, while I'm at work, understandably this causes me a great deal of stress and emotion, so much so that I go home as I cannot cope with being in the office any longer. The next day my boss calls me and has a meeting with me regarding me leaving early the previous day, it dosent end well, as I was going though a lot of shit at work at the time anyway, this did NOT help. long story short, I've been told I'm basically going to lose my job within the next month, and now I have no girlfriend, and also, timed perfectly along with all this, my friends for some reason that i cannot figure out have decided to distance themselves from me and not want to associate with me. I've gone from enjoying life and having a great love, social life and a (relatively) stable job, to hating myself and my life. All this shit in so little time is just too much. I honestly don't know what to do, it feels like as soon as my life gets good, something (or in this case a whole fucking load of things) has t come along and fuck it up for me. It really is like I'm not allowed to be happy, and I don't want to do this anymore.