I can sense myself making plansMaking plans for when my parents leave me to watch their house and take care of their cats again even though I clearly said I did not want to do it for them anymore. I do not like being alone here. Do not give me advice to just leave, I can't go outside anymore because people constantly are hitting me and it triggers me, I cannot risk going anywhere in public to meet people again because I have agoraphobia. And I am feeling trapped inside my house and it closes up my chest makes it difficult to breathe. This is a safe place, yet also a place where my family caused me physical pain. The violence of this city I live in, the alcoholism of my family, the abuse.
My plan is to protect myself, free myself, not harm myself. Do not contact law enforcement that will cause me more harm.
(long pause in typing)
These are my thoughts, turning into feelings. Just change my thoughts I say to myself. Reach for a better feeling thought, your gratitude list. Believe that everything is always working out for you, or take a nap.
Can't take a nap, my thoughts never stop. My arm is in pain from someone "play hitting" me over a comment I made. To do so is to assault someone, it is illegal, you should be put in jail for committing that very clear crime.

I have no superpower, the wherewithall that Abraham Hicks spoke of has not come to me. That is lack based focus. Turn your attention to what could be, or meditate like you're trying to do.

SHUT UP! Fuck this inner voice debating, angel devil shoulder crap.
All my friends won't talk to me anymore because I lost my temper. My car got stolen. I can't get a job. It's hopeless.
Lack.
Stuck.
Trapped.
Fear.
Excitement....
Joy....
Cats, man I love cats. Tears streaming down my face 33 year old man.
I love myself. Protect myself from people who do violence. Its already done, Im still hurting for it.
My yoga teacher says "healing is inevitable" 
(long pause in typing)
I have to go back in time and run away from home. I can't get there from here.
(long pause in typing)
I put up a facebook event and invited 30 people to come to my house while my parents are gone. I'm calling upon them for support, but if no one shows up again..........
(long pause in typing)
hahaha im so stupid.