A question about suicidial thoughts I am too afraid to ask people I know in real lifeOkay, so I can't believe I am actually asking this on the internet but I am kind of desperate.  When I was 14 I was hospitalized for being "highly suicidal" though it was just really not *that* serious. Of course I did wish to not live but I never even thought about the "how". It was later described as something everybody goes through and the actual reason for my stay was anxiety. I was treated for 3 months before I went home and continued therapy for two more years. Now I have been in for a second round for the past month. I am now almost 18 so a bit over a year has passed since my last therapy.   
I am going to my old therapist since it all had to go fast (school was pressuring) and with the current situation therapists in my country are hesitant to take in new patients which is completely understandable.   
She would have to notify my parents if I were to tell her that I am thinking about suicide and my family dynamics isn't exactly ideally for that. This is not a case of me being afraid to tell them because I think they wouldn't be happy with me or understand. I know it. My therapist has said the same thing. It's just very complex when it comes to my family (to the point of them yelling at me for telling them I am thinking about it, yes that happened before), so, of course, I have become VERY hesitant to even do as much as mention the topic.   
The thing is that I have been spiralling a lot and while I am definitely not okay, I don't think about commiting every day. Some days I don't even think about it at all and on other days I am actively considering the hows and whens. Those days are the worst. I start impulsively pacing, crying, thinking about it, just to grab something, put it down, sometimes I start laughing histerically at how stupid this seems in that moment.   
I know that suicidial thoughts are nothing to be ignored and should always be taken seriously but I am just wondering how serious that situation I find myself in right now really is.   
I will most definitely mention it to my therapist... when I am ready. For now it would just really help me to know if that still belongs to a "normal" range or is actually already really concerning. I am really at loss right now.