Life is getting worse by the dayEver since I was feeling like shit last year, I feel like life has gotten more stressful for me and making me inch closer and closer to killing myself. Nothing I do is feeling fun anymore, having to deal with all this shit is making me pissed off and making me feel ready to scream at any point. As much as I want to kill myself, I just can't find the time to do it, or I get worried I'll be caught in the middle of an attempt. At the same time, I'm thinking about running away from home in the middle of the night, but I wouldn't be sure on how to execute such a plan, because the last thing I need is for people to be looking around for me wondering where the fuck I'm at. Honestly, I could care less if someone were to gun me down or if I get stabbed to death. I just have no will to live, and would rather live my last days just walking around minding my own business. I don't care about money, or getting a home, or getting a good job in the future, or anything for that matter. I just no longer have the will or motivation to live. I feel like every day is another day where I have to question myself "Will I even make it through the day or will shit hit the fan?". I can't stop thinking about it throughout the day.

I've tried talking to my parents about it, but it seems like there is no use in trying to talk to them, because they always seem like I have some reason to live, but I just don't see a point when I'll be doing the same routines for pretty much almost all of my life. Not to mention, the only time they seem to talk to me about it is when I bring it up, and that's it. As much as I love them and they love me, I don't think they are good with those kinds of issues. There is no way I'm calling some suicide prevention hotline either, because the last thing I need is someone showing up at my house trying to admit me to a hospital against my will. I think going to a hospital isn't a good idea either because I've heard some of the shit they do (although I'm not sure if it's even true) and I was told I could be kept in there for "weeks" and I'm not trying to get even more fucked up because of shit like that, fuck that.

I think at this point, death or going into hiding sounds like a better option at this point. It would bring me more peace than I ever felt since last year.