Longtime abuse by my mother and her evil domestic worker I grew up in a pretty much dysfunctional family, by all accounts. My dad for the longest time has been the sole breadwinner for my family and as he distanced from us by working abroad he developed a perfunctory attitude towards our family relationships. And right now my mom literally just came screaming at me as I type away on this mechanical keyboard that isn’t the most silent as I have mentioned to her about posting about this on a forum before.

It began in January when I had gastroparesis after eating uncooked rice my mom’s new helper gave me. I knew nothing about this helper; she was someone my mom insisted my dad to spend money on to curb her loneliness and assist with chores. So I vomited for a week and mildly confronted the self-proclaimed highly experienced domestic helper for her failure at cooking rice. My mom came out and accused me of bullying the maid and a dim-wit for eating uncooked rice when I knew it was uncooked. The helper never apologised to me and I never cared much. The next incident I remember was in February when I was alone at home. The helper and my mom had taken a taxi to the hospital for my mom’s check up. I ended up trying to wash a dirty greasy knife and accidentally cut my finger. When my mom and her helper came back I asked the helper to help me cut some potatoes as I was in the midst of making [soup](http://livingwithgastroparesis.com/gastroparesis-winter-vegetable-soup-recipe/) more than enough for 3. I did not know what was up with my mom at that time as she ordered her helper to never help me, “SHE IS MY MAID NOT YOUR MAID!!!!!” She sat down on a chair and started laughing hysterically.

Since April, whenever I wanted to go for a run, my mom would throw things at me and accuse me of potentially murdering her by contracting coronavirus. Once, I forgot to bring the key as I went for a run and that was already in June. To my dismay, I was locked out for a whopping 20 minutes after I came back as my mom only opened the door after I called my dad who was overseas and my dad called her, I was lucky to have taken my phone for the run that day.

I worked for a few months and got laid off. After some aimless weeks spent at home I began doing freelance tutoring. My mom managed to convince me that I had coronavirus by giving me spicy chilli. My body temperature rose without restraint. My mom said she ‘forgave me for spreading the virus to her and everyone else living in the house' and convinced me to quit the tutoring job. Plot twist: I never contracted the virus in the first place. On any other random day, she would never give me peace. She attempts to either slash me with a knife, whack me with a vinegar bottle or stab me with her cutlery.

She said, “Please come back. You can for once in your life experience having a maid to take care of you!” But this ‘maid’ has been destroying my personal belongings to no end and my mom steps in not to stop her doings but tells me to enrol myself into a mental institution.

I was sweating like a dog the day I tidied the entire storeroom, cleaned up the dust and mould and threw out more than 20kg of items no longer needed. I managed to dug up my mom's old diaries and articles buried all the way at the back of the storeroom and she snatched them away with no sign of appreciation. The deep cleaning took about a week and my mom insulted me every day that week for blocking the way in the living room with the things I was organising. Her domestic helper offered me no form of assistance except for stealthily taking photos of the apparent mess and sending them to whoever the fuck as a complaint and recording me screaming when I was pissed at something behind my back.

I’m sure my mom is a severe hoarder. Even to help with her illogical thinking, I prepared some puzzles and brainteasers for her only to be treated with retaliation as she accused me of “forcing her to do what she does not like to do.” I have believed that my mom and I lived like sisters and we have been quarrelling a lot even in the past. But now leaving her for a night to cool off doesn’t work. She traps me in a cycle of abuse and I want her to have a taste of her own medicine