I feel trappedLet me start of with a bit of back story.

From a young age I've always been second thought in my family due to other unfortunate things. My oldest brother was diagnosed with cancer when he was 6, my second oldest brother was diagnosed with ataxia telangiectasia at the age of 7 and so far I've been fine. There is a 3 year age gap between each of us, so me as the youngest I've always kinda been in the background helping out when ever I can.

Going back a few years my mum was diagnosed with cancer as well, I was around 7/8 at the time and had recently lost my nan that I used to spend every waking moment with. The thought of losing my mum as well was extremely overwhelming for me. My dad having never really looked after 3 kids on his own was quite a challenge for him, so when my mum was in hospital for months on end he'd just get us takeaway food every night which led to extreme weight gain. Thankfully after 3-4 years my mum was given the all clear of cancer and came out fighting but this left me as a obese, 11 year old kid that was bullied every day at school but trying to keep a brave face on for my parents, as they already had enough to deal with caring for my disabled brother everyday.

Fast forward to 2-3 years ago I had big plans to go on and be a Game Designer and hope one day that I could create games like the ones that I my self use to play when I wanted to get away from the real world. So I went of to college to study Game Design, Animation &amp; Motion Graphics. Then that all fell through when the course tutor decided that there wasn't enough people on the course so they changed it to Photography and Claymation.....

Now, I've been out of school/work everything for around 3 years and I feel trapped. My brother, for lack of a better term is a vegetable, I absolutely love him and wouldn't change it for the world but now that my parents are getting on in life they aren't able to tend to him as well as they were when I was younger. So I pretty much help move him around, lift, clean etc etc. But now that I kindof act as his main carer which was lumbered on me since I was 10-11 I can't help but think that I have to stay at home and try my best to look after him. Now I can't help but fell as I am trapped and can't leave as it is my duty to look after him.

Every day I feel like it would be better if he just died, call me a horrible person but he has no life. Everyday I become more and more depressed looking at what I wanted for my own life but it has been taken from me. It may sound selfish but I can't help but think there is only one way out.