Let's try this againPosted here once before, but left all personal details out. I am willing to try again, with a little more transparency. Not even sure where to post because I have so much going on in this post. Bear with me. I'll give the condensed version:

28yo female. Two years ago, my open marriage dissolved as amicably as possible. Because I'm gay. I left my husband and best friend for a woman. My  family disowned me. I moved to a different city, got a decent job. 

A year into it, I had a psychotic episode, was hospitalized for awhile, diagnosed bipolar with obsessive-compulsive features. Upon my eventual return to work, had a bad reaction to my medication and began having seizures. Had to go on disability. I am not able to take antipsychotics for this reason, and am stuck with just a mood stabilizer (less effective). 
Not long after, my car was totalled. And not long after that, I found out my girlfriend had been cheating on me for quite some time. With nowhere to go, I resolved to stay in this relationship. 

I have a history of IBS, but had managed my symptoms until that point. It's been unmanageable for the last year, and I am now underweight from the many many diets suggested by doctors and specialists. Again, no medication has been effective. 

I also have sensory processing disorder-- diagnosed very young-- but have been lucky to have the resources to cope with it until now. My biggest sensitivity is to sound, but sometimes clothes are altogether unbearable. Heavy lifting has always been my coping mechanism. 


I also have severe skin problems-- both psoriasis and eczema-- and keep breaking out in what my dermatologist calls a "stress rash" all over my body-- incredibly painful and at times impossible to move. Today, the swelling is so severe under my arms that I can't put on a shirt. Struggling with finding an appropriate medication, because I also have a heart murmur, and many new generation antihistamines can negatively effect that.

I lost my disability coverage in November 2017, and have since been living off my savings. I am amazed at how impossible it is to get a job. I apply for jobs on Indeed, and at the bottom of the posting are things like "300 people have applied for this job." I have a bachelor's and some graduate work, but can't even get interviews for minimum wage positions because I am "overqualified." I've also tried applying without listing my background. No dice. Currently I am a substitute teacher, but the jobs are few and far between. I have been in the county's system since December, and have only managed to get one of work this entire time. One day of work in three months...Thinking about filing for bankruptcy. I have stopped seeing my therapist because I have only $40 to my name. I have some debt, and this month I am not going to be able to make even my minimum payments. 
(Note: I've been to the unemployment office. It's a joke.)

Grateful to have a place to live with my gf at her family's house, but it is a 24 hours a day party house.  With the SPD, my overload is at a fever pitch due to the chaos. Most nights, I cannot get to sleep. Like I said, heavy lifting has always helped me cope, but I am so weak from not being able to eat that I can hardly lift anything.

I was homeless once before, and I just don't think I can do that again. That was ten years ago, and I was in much better health. It gets unbearably hot here. I mean people die here every summer because it regularly gets up to and above 110 and doesn't cool off at night. In the current state of my health, I know I could not survive that. 

The future does not look good for me. I do meditate every day, and I used to work out and do yoga, but at times it's just not possible with my level of physical pain and weakness. I also keep a gratitude journal, and I know I have a lot to be grateful for. I try to write in it every day.

But things seem really bleak. I feel like this might be it for me, and the only advice I find online is that somebody somewhere cares about me. Who is that? And even if there was, how would that change any of this? And please do not comment that you care about me, because that hardly qualifies.  

Some of my "odd perceptions" as my therapist calls them, are returning. It's worse under stress. I feel scared. But also helpless to stop it. 
I have read a lot about learned helplessness, but nothing about what to do if you're actually helpless. 

I also want to note that my brother committed suicide 8 years ago, and so I do know what happens in the aftermath. I know how hard it is. I know that it's hellish. But I also know there are many hells, and this might be one of them.

Does anyone have a clue as to how I can survive this?

