Why are we the selfish ones?I think that's one of the worst parts of being suicidal for me. Like, for me personally, everyone in my life has admitted at one point or another that they are genuinely baffled at the fact I'm still kickin. Yet I'm selfish for being exhausted of existing PURELY so a couple people don't have to feel guilt they're going to have to feel when i die "naturally" anyways. I'm not even 19 yet and I've already had so many attempts I'm not even exaggerating in saying I don't remember the exact number. I remember my first attempt and a couple others, but not all of them got.. dealt with. I was either unable to get to a hospital, not allowed by abusive parents, or I just didn't tell anyone and had to bring myself back from the edge of death. I spent most my childhood in therapy, the psych ward, or residential treatment, which only further traumatized me. I was born worh multiple mental disorders and physical impairments/ ailments that cause me to suffer immensely, physically, emotionally, and psychologically. Even when I try to escape through sleep, I have night terrors every single night. I BARELY scrape by on $200 a month I get from a relative since my physical ailments, psychosis, and bipolar keep me from being able to study or work. And that fucking kills me because I want nothing more than to work and go back to school. I want to be able to be fucking normal but my brain and my body will not comply. I know meth addicts who can hold full time jobs but I can't even do simple household chores without having a meltdown and severely hurting myself or worse, having a psychotic episode were I hurt those around me in fear and confusion. Every single minute of every day, of every night, is overflowing with any pain you can imagine. Migraine? Check. Scoliosis? Check. Kneecaps that dislocate and ache constantly? You got it. Constant Nausea and stomach cramps due to stress and anxiety? Mhmm. OCD telling you to kill yourself or your boyfriend over and over and over for weeks on end? Bingo! Bipolar making you feel nothing but emptiness, mania, or rage? Yea boii!! ADHD making even the most basic of math basically impossible without half an hour and google to help you work out the problem? Let's throw that in for free just so you're extra unemployable! Oh and for a bonus, here's some ptsd and personality disorders to make sure you can't remember shit and don't trust anyone!! Perfecto!
Sorry, I'm just venting now. I guess what I need right now is to know Im not the only one playing puppet. Why can't it just be accepted some people aren't going to recover and no amount of bullshit "you have to want it!! youre just underestimating the power of positive thinking!" is gonna make us. its like god no offense, but positive thinking isnt going to give me a whole new completely neurotypical brain with a 100% pain free body and enough money to keep me living comfortably and not in poverty at the mercy of those around me. I damn fuckin wish.
Sorry for the typos and horrible grammar. Its 7 am, I havent slept, and I'm just trying not to actually attempt. i havent in at least 2 and a half years, i thought that meant i was getting better but i think its honestly just cause im too tired and dont want to risk half assing it. well, guess its time to say later losers. later, losers.