Why this 16 year old want to kill herselfMultiple reasons, but I'll start somewhere. One is that I’ve failed 6/10 GCSEs by certainty because I didn’t go (I don’t want to talk about why) and on Results Day my life and future is going to be shattered with a hammer. I am ashamed of myself beyond words, and there isn’t another option for me next year, other than my school’s Sixth Form. At least not one that involves education anyway (I’ve said that to a few teachers but they’ve never got what I was implying). 
I was one of the super smart kids. I am the biggest disappointment of my Year grades-wise; highest benchmarks (six benchmark 8s) to lowest GCSEs (failing MOST). I NEVER revised ONCE in all the years. I’ve wasted my education and wasted everyone’s time. I’m BEYOND what you call a disgrace. There is no college that will have me and I can’t go to college. I struggle to make friends as it is. There’s no way, college is all wrong for me. My sister is going to be getting good GCSEs. She’s passed them all and is expecting a few 9s (A**). I’m the biggest disappointment everyone knows. I’ve let down everyone I know; my family, my teachers, my peers and everyone else. There is no happiness for me if I don’t get into Sixth Form. You need 5 passes and I can get 4 at the max. I’ve thrown away my shot. Especially as I’m very naturally intelligent, it’s so embarrassing that I’ll probably be getting a 2 or 3 in English. My sister is expecting a 9. I don’t know how I’m going to react on Results Day when I open that envelope and my world comes crashing down. I will probably be in shock. I’ve ruined my future. What is there for someone who gets, say, 2 GCSEs. It’s 2019.

I also believe, especially as, as far as I know, my school’s never had a suicide, if anyone should kill themselves (not that anyone should), it should be me. It would have the biggest effect if it was me. I was very severely bullied every day for 4 years by 13 people, and about 6 at once. The teachers had never seen bullying so extreme. The ENTIRE YEAR hated me and almost everyone knew it. I was the most hated person in the year, maybe even the school, for NO REASON. Bullying is one of the most horrible things of humanity. I have been depressed for about the last 2 years. And I have very very few friends and no social life at all. Having few friends slowly erodes your self-esteem, not that I had much left after being bullied and being the laughing stock of the Year. I never did ANYTHING to the people who bullied me. I just burst into tears writing this. I didn’t deserve a single SECOND of the hell they gave me EVERY DAY for 4 years 😭😭💔💔.

If I killed myself, all those kids would think “She really did it” and would say “WE drove her to this” and kids at neighbouring schools would say “You know (my name) who got picked on? She committed suicide” and “A girl from (my school) killed herself!” And “Everyone made fun of one girl for no reason and always made a joke out of her and were so mean to her and there were always so many bystanders but NO ONE EVER STUCK UP FOR HER because they all just wanted to follow the crowd, thinking “Oh it’s (my name) so it’s okay to treat her like SHIT and look down on her and tell her to KILL HERSELF” and now she’s dead.”

No one really cares about me. Or maybe they all care, just not enough. 

Also if I kill myself before too long after I’ve left Year 11, the school will sort of take responsibility and will put up a memorial (I should hope) and try to remember me and do memorial assemblies, etc. I do have bonds with some legend teachers though so that would be sad. I just hope to god for my own HAPPINESS/LIFE they give me a  Sixth Form place without the required grades because of ‘exceptional circumstances’. I went to Sixth Form Induction Day and I LOVE it. That day was an amazing day. It’s something positive to look forward to - I’m so excited about it but it might not get to happen. If I’m going to end my own life at some point in my life, it should be in high school because they are the people who started the chain of events that will ruin my life (although the bullies should know they have done that already to me). If I do it as an adult, they probably wouldn’t even know or would remember me as merely “someone from school” so it wouldn’t have a good effect. However, if I did it while in school, all the people who hated/bullied/laughed at/teased me are in one place and you never know maybe they’ll actually care about me or feel sorry for what they did when they know I ended my life. Also if I do it in college or something (if I have to go there, god forbid), school wouldn’t make a big deal out of it. I’ve just realised this sounds like I want to do it for attention but that’s not it at all, it just sounds like that because I’m writing about what they would do if I was gone which is what I sometimes think about. 

Also, I have caused 2 people I live with health problems. I gave my mum chronic fatigue, which meant she was out of work for 6 years, by being an incredibly stressful MONSTER of a young child, and my sister has anxiety which she 100% blames on me. I am no good for anyone. I wish my mum didn’t have twins and just had my twin sister and not me. I feel very sorry for them that they have to live with me. My mum called me “the most difficult child in the world to live with” and calls me disgusting so much I should start a tally. My twin sister said she is DISGUSTED, EMBARRASSED, HORRIFIED and ASHAMED to be related to me. I don’t deserve anything. 

I’m a waste of oxygen. 

Sorry this ended up longer than I thought. Sorry for wasting your time and thank you for kindly reading xx

P.S. It's 11am and I haven't slept yet and I haven't eaten since 8pm yesterday and yesterday I work up at 3pm so I skipped breakfast and lunch 😬

P.S.2. A bit about me: I love Panic! At The Disco, I love music in general, I love my cats, I love musical theatre.