Feeling like ending it all.I don't really know what I want to get out of this. I just know that I feel like shit, and it's been years since I've felt anything else. I'm 20 years old, turning 21 in August. The last 4 years have been specially hard for me. 

My father left me and my mother when I was 16 years old. My mother divorced him because it turns out he was cheating on her and had another family some other place we did not know about. I was never really able to get along with him very well, but still hurts me to know that he left us. I feel he should have been a more honest and loyal man, but he obviously wasn't. Yet he was a very handy man and had plenty of knowledge about a lot of things. I guess I resent him for it to this day. Unlike him, I feel I am very useless at anything I try to do, like I don't have any real talent. I have tried doing multiple stuff, but just can't seem to get the hang of them. He could have helped me learn many things, but he never taught me and he never will. 

I've never had a job. I have applied to countless places for months with no luck. I really want a job to earn money to help my mother and have some for myself. Feel like things could get a bit better if someone just gave me chance, but that is not happening. I'd say I am a good student. I'm getting good grades at college for the most part but I am struggling to pay for my classes. I sometimes fear that I'll have no choice but to drop out since I can't find a job to pay for classes, and I would hate to stop studying. 

Last year, a girl I liked suddenly started showing interest in me and we started dating. We only dated a few months, and it was during these few months that all of the things I thought were wrong in my life suddenly seemed lesser, like I could get through them. This all changed when she broke up with me earlier this year and I fell into an even greater depression. You could say we are still somewhat friends, and I think she still cares about me a little but I'm not sure to be honest. The whole situation got even worse when I recently found out that she might be pregnant by some other guy. It hurts me to know that this basically means I'll never be able to get her back, that I'll have to deal with watching the only person I know has felt something for me and for whom I felt deep love in return be with someone else. It depresses me to see one of the only real human connections I have been capable of making just disappear like that. 

Probably one of the only good things in my life I have left are my few friends. They are great people and all and try to support me when they can, but I fear that one day they'll get tired of not being able to help me get over all my problems and they'll give up on me, leaving me alone. I really just feel like I just don't know how to be a good person like everybody else around me. I am not the best at being social and can't make new friends very easily. As every day passes by I feel more and more detached from this world and the people around me. I begin to feel frustrated, I feel like I lack empathy for others, and overall feel like there is something seriously wrong with me. 

I keep on trying to find a solution to all of this but I just don't know how to fix it. People often say that I'm a nice person and that I'm intelligent. However, what is the point of being all that if I don't know how to feel happy with this life? I try being an optimist every time something goes wrong. I foolishly think that things will get a little bit better, that all my problems will get better with time. Nevertheless this is never the case and life just keeps kicking me in the stomach while I'm down. I don't know if my problems are a valid reason to make me just want to end it all, but I can't help but feeling hopeless. The only reason why I think I have not killed myself yet is because I haven't found a good way to do it. Sometimes I think life is just playing games with me, but I don't want to play anymore. I think death would bring me the peace I can't seem to find. I only really came to this place because I don't have anyone else to talk to right now.