I don't think there's anyone left to help me.Brief preface for the reader: I am 20 years old and I live in the western United States.
    I've been to two psychiatric hospitals in September and October-November. I've seen a highly-educated therapist for about 1-1/2 months immediately after I was discharged from my first hospital. Early November was when my therapist decided that my condition required more visitations which they were unable to provide, so they asked me to go to an Intensive Outpatient Program. I was in IOP from November 12th to November 30th, I left because they could not give me what I wanted the most.
    What I want is to be overwritten, to have my identity replaced by something more genial and empathetic. The psychiatrist that saw me at my second psych-hospital said something to me that I couldn't get out of my head. They said that the commissure in a man's brain is smaller than that of a woman's. I was born this way, I was born to be slow and have flat emotions. The only thing this psychiatrist did was validate my insecurity. 
    There is a woman I admire greatly, she also happens to be one of the higher-ups at my workplace. I've overheard her talk about an older customer giving her many compliments and being overly-honest, in other words, this person was being a "niceguy" to her. I am deathly afraid as coming off as a "niceguy", and I'm afraid of being near this woman because I don't want to come off as a creep or an onlooker. 
    I don't have any dreams, and I do not want to live in the shadow of another person's dream. I don't want to be a mere pebble that would pave the cobblestone path for another person's fortune. I want to meet my equal, someone who I would look up to but not be afraid of. The woman I love is very kind to people, and treats their fellow-coworkers like a friend. I deeply envy her, she probably grew up with many friends and had a happier childhood than mine. Before I was placed on medication, I used to have many nightmares where she would die and I could do nothing to save her.
    I want to be her, I wished that I was born as the woman I love, where I could be beautiful and lighthearted. I do not want to be someone with no identity. I do not want to be a man, I do not like this masculine face, my broad shoulders, my short hair. I wished that I could be physically altered and then given a medication that would erase 16 years of my life, where I would have the mindset of a 4 year old so that I can grow up as a woman. Nothing, no amount of therapy, inpatient stays, participation in IOP, or mood-altering medication could give me that. I cannot tell my family that I want to be a woman, nothing would come out of it anyway so why say it?
    I've been starving myself so that I could resemble the woman I love. I need this to happen, I don't want to barely function in life, I want to be happy with myself and my body. I haven't cried for fourteen days after my meds were changed this November.
    On November 30th, I went onto 4chan to look up gore and footage of people shooting themselves in the face. I had the morbid curiosity to look at rape/humiliation porn because I wanted to see how an oppressor/sadist would portray women in these drawings. It got worse, and worse as I scrolled down the page. I saw drawings of women who were crying, being beaten, or being regarded as "live cargo." I cried because the pain on the faces in these drawings were too graphic. Is this how women think of men sometimes? Could this be a "background thought" in the minds of women when they are near a man? Is this how the woman I love thinks of me?
    I've been keeping to myself from my family and I've been slowly breaking apart from the inside. When I die, my existence would be that of a pebble among stones and boulders. Please, I want to be overwritten, permanently altered. I want whatever you would call my personality and my identity to be chased out into darkness, to be discarded. I can't do it, I hate this body. I am a result of a litter, a default character, a brick in a brick wall.
    When I return to my job, I'm going to the bathroom and I will take Vistaril which will prevent me from throwing up, and then I will chew on all of my buPROPion so that I seize and die. I wished that I was never born as a man.