Want to move, leave everything behind, but don't want to lose everythingI'm too tired to continue I just can't do this anymore. My whole family is fucked and I need to get away. Im in class for public speaking at a community college right now and I can't keep my head up. I'm unemployed parasite off my mom yet I'm fucking done with minimum wage. I looked into temp agencies and I just don't have the energy to even finish my resume let alone actually talk to someone and present myself. Ive been drinking more and I know I shouldn't be. Music is the only fire in my life, I'm very pasionate, I have good music in my head and want to make my own. I just discovered the animals andve been listening to we got to get out of this place and the rising sun over and over. I want to get a job just to get a new guitar and maybe an electric drum set, like the only reason I want a job is for new instuments. I should be focusing on paying for school and my car but I just don't care anymore, just want a new guitar. When I drive home today I'll want to just keep driving like always. I have 1500 bucks in baby bonds I can cash, I want to just fucking drive away from everything, I need to start over away from everyone and everything I've ever known. I need to do something, I need to experience things, but I would be making a life desicion that would definitely screw me over later in life. To give up school and free rent to live in another state where I would be homeless is a bad desicion but I want it more everyday. I fantasize about killing myself and think it would he so much easier. Everything I've read about peoples near death experiences is that once they realize they're dying, they feel so calm, peaceful, and serene. That serenity is what I need, just fuck it all, give me peace.. I just don't want to deal with this bullshit anymore, no matter how hard I try I fail and fail and fail... I'll never amount to anything no matter how hard I try. IdI why I'm posting this just need to talk to someone. I really might just cash my bonds and pac my shit and drive across the country. I don't know anymore
