Don’t know where else to put this but I hope it can help someone. Sorry it’s longI put this on my FaceBook and want to share it here as well. A little backstory. About 40 years ago My grandmother lost her father to cancer and then within a month her only brother took his own life. Today there’s still a rift in the family. My grandmother is in and out of the psych ward at least once a year and even tried to take her own life about a year ago. 5 years ago a childhood friend took his own life. In the last month I’ve had 2 people that I have been very close to at one point take their own life.... with all that being said I posted these to Facebook in two separate posts. Mods please message me to correct anything that I need to or anyone else please coach me on how I can try to reach out and help anyone in a constructive way.

While I was camping I found out that a friend of mine took her own life over the weekend. This is the nicest woman that you might possibly ever meet. Always friendly and smiling. Attends church every Sunday and I’ve never heard her say a single negative thing about anyone. I don’t know all the details but Please pray for her husband and family during these times. And Please if you are ever in pain, If you are ever lost, if you are ever at a point in your life that you don’t know where to turn and you feel that the only way out is suicide please reach out to someone! Anyone! There is someone that loves you, there are hotlines there for you, there are Church’s that will listen! Someone somewhere needs you whether you know it or not. Your single choice to take your own life will still be felt 40 years later and you will be extremely missed! I know from personal experience. Get help! Talk! Reach out! I can not say it enough!


I just want to share this again and say it again! If you feel lost or broken it’s not over. All you have to do is ask and someone will tell you and show you how much you mean to this world. However insignificant you think you might be I’m here to tell you that you’re wrong! You matter! You are important in someone’s life! Don’t be scared to reach out and ask for help. To everyone else tell someone or multiple someone’s that you love them! That they matter! That they’re important!

Edit- I’m ok for the record. I’m sad by these losses but I’m ok. I just want to help. I’ve witnessed depression and anxiety in my family my entire life and I want to stop the cycle and help others somehow.