I have an inferiority complexI have a severe inferiority complex. I've had it for almost 3 years now, and it's cost me pretty much everything. It started with me losing my best friend because I was a belligerent asshole, then changing my behavior completely and trying to become someone I'm not (specifically, someone with empathy and humility), and then meeting new people that made me revert to my old personality. I've never been a good person, and I'm not just saying that, if you saw the things I did behind closed doors you'd beat the shit out of me. I've blackmailed people to get them to keep talking to me, stole people's social media passwords to see what they were saying about me and conspired with other groups of people to get back at those who "betrayed" me, even if their betrayal was completely justified. I am the most pathetic, genuinely disgusting person I've ever met, and because of recent events I was just reminded of that. My friend group has cut me off, and like last time it stings really bad. They stopped talking to me because I was jealous of my best friend spending time with someone that disliked me, someone whose presence I hated so much I tried to stir up shit to make them hate each other. Once my grand scheme was found out they stopped talking to me. That was it. I'm blocked on social media, I can't send texts, and if I approached them in real life they'd probably call the cops. So here we go, once again, I'm all alone and have to meet new people so the cycle can repeat. 

I think the term "antisocial extrovert" fits me perfectly. Not because I avoid socialization, but because I end up completely ignoring the norms, which results in a majority of people not being able to stand me. I always end up making friends that share my traits, and our friendship is toxic as a result. It always ends the same way, too; they do something that pisses me off, I do something in response, they cut me off and I go full stalker mode and try to fuck them over in whatever way possible. It's going to happen now, it's going to happen in the future, it probably won't stop until someone kills me or I kill myself. I am dependent on other people but I can't respect their feelings, and if I try to change that I'll just get bored and go back. 

Fuck my life.