My life is a mess. I'm too many different kinds of hopeless. (It's long, sorry...)Edit: This is really long, I'm sorry for that. I just need to get this out of my head.

I'm not sure where I should start, here, really. I guess I'll start from when my life really changed, almost two years ago.

I'm transgender. I've always known I was a girl, since age 4 or 5, but my body was unfortunately quite male. I started seeing a therapist in early 2010, and in September, I had finally gotten my hormone prescription, and a start to a new life. My then-girlfriend, whom I had been dating for almost two years prior, was initially supportive, but when the realities of my transition set in, she was very much against it. She and I continued to fight, and one day in May, 2011, we broke up to her words "Fuck you, its over.", ending almost 7 years of unfulfilling, financially draining, almost sexless relationships, 3.5 from her and just under 3.5 from the previous. I'm also left with near $5k in credit card debt and a student loan that didn't accomplish anything because she was needy and didn't let me study enough.

A mutual 'friend with benefits' of ours was there for most of the fallout, and sided with me, mostly as making me his little sex kitten (no love, no romance, just sex) and I was fine with that. I wanted to get out, let loose and catch up on lost time. I'd been locked down to one person since I was 17 (I was 25 at this point) and I was suddenly available, and through my friend, liberated and swept into a local community where I was very accepted and desirable. It felt very good to just have attention, and to be wanted, and to feel like I was good at something. I wasn't a sex slave or prostitute or anything illicit, I was just a carefree person that enjoyed sex, and was apparently quite good at it.

I didn't have a lot of partners. Over about 6 months, I had been with maybe 10 people, 4 of which were regular partners. I used protection, but I had a few (my initial friend included) that got regular STD tests that I didn't use protection with. It was explained by my 'friend' (he initially coerced me into going without it) that they still had sex with others, but they only did unprotected with the inner circle, so to speak.

So time goes by, and I meet someone. We'll call him, um, Van. A very nice, accepting, guy who was funny, talented (he's a pretty good artist) and dynamite in bed. I fell for him, and after a short while, I decide to leave my wild, carefree sex days behind. I moved in with him and despite my debt and my bills, we're able to make it work, if only just.

I found out through a friend (one of the four frequent partners I mentioned earlier) that my close friend had been very risky with others (unprotected with pretty much anyone, it seemed) and I needed to get tested. I initially didn't really worry about it, but I promised to get an HIV test.

So, on February 17th, on a rainy Friday night, I go to get tested at a local LGBT center that does 7 day HIV testing. I go in, and I'm all smiles, laughing and joking as I basically go in to get the same test I had before, basically just to get the clear paper to shut him up and get on with my day.

So then the counselor gets this grave look on his face and tells me we need to do another test, because this one just turned up reactive.

My heart stopped.

 He did it again, to the same end. Positive.

He was talking about all the programs for treatment, and how it's not a death sentence anymore, and telling me that my life is far from over. I couldn't hear any of it. All I could hear was... Silence. Like the ringing in your ears after a gunshot or a bomb scene in a movie.

Eventually, I heard him finish telling me I'm going to be alright, and the emotion hits me like a bird getting sucked into a jet turbine. I fucking lose it and start crying the tears of the damned. I have no idea where it really came from (other than a good guess, of course) and my worst fears are that I've given it to... Fucking everyone that's ever touched me, really. But then I see Van's face in my mind. And I think that I may have infected him. I felt lower than... I can't describe it. I felt I deserved death just for exposing him to that.

Eventually, I was able to hold myself together long enough to leave the test room. It was 8:20, and there were two people waiting for their tests. I walked by, red faced with tears streaming, thinking, "They know." as I slowly shambled my way to my car. I got behind the wheel and lost it again. I cried so hard it physically hurt me. Eventually, I started the car and began to drive. I wasn't sure where to, I was just headed for the interstate.

I called my mom, and, through the bawling and sobbing, tell her I love her and I'm coming to see her. I start the trip down the long, empty road home, listening to all the saddest songs I had on my phone. Everything Burns, Had Enough, So Cold, Dear Agony, Hide and Seek, Chasing Cars, all of it, through the tears, and 40 miles of lonely interstate.

I didn't know what to do. I wanted to end it. In fact, I could have at any time. I have a concealed carry license, and my gun was in my bag the moment I got the news. I knew how to use it, and I knew where you have to shoot to kill a human instantly... 

A slight taste of gun oil. Click. Darkness.

But I couldn't do it. Not yet. I owed the people that loved me an explaination.

I got to my parents house, and I found my mom. My parents took my gender identity hard, but my mom has always loved me the same. I walked with her outside, and I looked at the stars above. The clouds had parted, and the black sky was filled with glowing, beautiful stars.

She asked what had happened. I told her. Even in the darkness of a barely moonlit night, I saw the color leave her face. She put her hands to her face and said "Oh, my God..." and I lost it again.

My dad heads outside, and by our reactions, he assumes I've been raped. That's the one time in my life where that would actually have been a welcome alternative to reality.

Soon, I have to leave, because Van is getting out of work at midnight. I have to get him home, and I have to tell him. In my heart, I know he'll break up with me, but he needs to know. My life, and my happiness, don't matter to me at this point. As I get into my car, my mother and I say our goodbyes. In her voice, I almost feel that she doesn't expect to see me alive again. I can hardly blame her.

Another long, uneasy drive, and I'm outside Van's work as he's closing. He usually has to stay late to clean up the place, so I park to wait for him, and to keep my distance to regain my composure.

He motions me over to the door. This is it. Fuck.

He started to tell me that closing was going to be late tonight because of something, and saw my face. He had no idea. I didn't tell him I was getting tested.

He asks why I look like I've been crying, with genuine concern. I try to say my allergies are bad today. He calls my lie and asks me what's wrong. I beg him to finish closing first. He refuses. I cry... And I tell him. He freezes. He says he's closing. He shuts down everything and leaves a note. I'm outside sobbing on the sidewalk. We cry together. I beg him to leave me, get tested, and never forgive me...

And he refused. " I love you, and I'm not leaving you for anything!" he says through tear soaked eyes. He wasn't going to let me suffer alone. I'm speechless. My life is over, but this man, whom I've known for just under a year, and have dated for only a few months, wants to stay with me? How? Why? I'm dying, God damn it, save yourself! You might still have a chance!

We stopped at Wal Mart after, grabbed dinner and tore into our alcohol supply that night. He still fucked me during all that, to show he wasn't going to treat me any differently. I obliged, even though I wasn't into it, and we fell asleep, drunk and relatively content despite the weight of all the world on my shoulders.

Over the next week, the word got out to the community. It happened on a journal post through a friend of a friend I told my status to (someone that needed to know it, despite protection) telling them about the positive test without name dropping. The community tried to laugh it off, and I ended up outing myself and becoming an example of "This is why you should always have safe sex only, ever." to them.

I didn't mind being a pariah. It was nothing new. Many people were quite supportive, and offered kind words. That helped a lot.

We got Van tested for it. He was clean. As word spread, more and more people got tests, and to the end, all came back negative. Some still haven't gotten tested, and that's beyond my control, sadly. At least through my suffering, many have learned a lesson that sex ed doesn't seem to pass on. HIV is real, and it happens to people you may know. It's not a fucking bogeyman, it's a real disease you need to protect yourself from.

Now, I'm going through the gamut of getting help through the Ryan White program, a nationwide aid program that gives HIV+ people the treatment they need to live a better life than they would have otherwise.

In the end... I have beaten many odds. I have someone that loves me, that is negative, that refuses to leave me because of it, which just doesn't happen every day. I'm working on getting out of my debt, and I'm still transitioning. My goal is to have my name and gender mark changed by the end of the year. The surgeries will come if/when I can afford them.

Still... I know I'm really, really lucky. I caught it early, it didn't spread to anyone, I'm not going to be alone through it, and there is help available that I am eligible for.