Going to do it this Monday (Long)I am writing this so it's out there somewhere and this seems like the perfect place. I've got two outs, hanging and heroin. So we'll see which one I choose. No one in my family suspects it (despite my two previous attempts) and I know they'll be devastated. They can't understand, but this is for the best. It's in my best interest and their's. The worst part is that my cat won't understand either and I'm sure he'll miss me, because I will miss him.    


To sum up why I'm doing this, I fucked up. I was raised in a weird and troublesome situation. Never really connected with my family and anyone else really. They're loving but arrogant and narcissistic people, who constantly push their agenda on you. On the other hand I'm a pathetic push over, who'd rather be quiet than deal with them. As you can guess this wasn't healthy and it haunts me to this day. I haven't been able to make good connections with people and stick to the first sign that someone likes me. Obviously, it isn't that simple and there's a lot more to people than I could have known. If I had one good thing to say about the world, it's that humans are extraordinary, not necessarily good or bad, but extraordinary.     


Back to my story, I up grew hiding everything from my parents and ergo lying to myself. Which is now deep-rooted, I couldn't go very long without lying, to myself and everyone around me. It became self-destructive and I would do more harmful things while ignoring their downsides. It's a very slippery slope and now I'm at the bottom of it.     


I've dropped out of Uni, made enemies of all my friends, and have lost any will to live. My life is over. I spent the last few months just hanging by a thread and analysing where I went wrong, just so I could write this. Maybe someone will read this and it will help them, maybe it won't. You only get one life, don't let ANYTHING take control over it. You will make your own mistakes, you'll learn your own lessons, you will breathe your own last breath. I let bad relationships, drugs, school, depression, anxiety and physical disabilities control mine. Any one of those are already bad enough, let alone all of them. Don't let them control you. This world sucks and IT WILL spit in your face and IT WILL kick you while you're down, but you have to fight.     


I tried to fight, but I'm just not strong enough, especially when I'm this down. Doctors seem disinterested despite my previous two sucide attempts and consistent self harm/drug abuse. Family ignores it and tells me everything is fine and it's all in my head. I realized too late and now I'm in debt, sick, out of a potential future, with little chance of affording therapy.     



So this is it for me. If any of you read this, you're a champion and thanks. I'm going to be free early morning Monday. Much love and good luck!