I genuinely think that some of us just aren’t meant to be happy!I don’t know if our sadness “balances” out the world with other people’s happiness, but I’ve never felt the will to live. 

You don’t need to leave a reply, or feel that you need to leave some form of positive comment, I’m just putting my thoughts out into the universe. 

I’ve been depressed my entire life. 
People always tell me that I was such a happy child &amp; it was never obvious that I was so ‘down’ .... well no sh*t Sherlock.
Guess what, I put on a mask, just like the majority of people who post here. 
My mask made everyone else feel better all the while I was slowly dying inside. 

My biological parents split when I was young. 
My father was and continues to be a right c**t!
As most ‘broken’ families know - you tend to split your life between parents. 

My father neglected me, left me out to roam the streets or just sit on the front door step, until he returned from either fu**ing or getting drunk. 
Sometimes I was lucky enough to be taken to the pub and be forgotten about when he left. 
Until a grandparent would come find me. 
He also abused me sexually. 
No, I didn’t tell anyone, anyone who’s had the same experience with a ‘parent’ knows why. 
This continued even when my step mum entered the picture. 

For clarity, I was born male (I have transitioned completely to a female) ... anyway they would dress me up, not let me bathe alone, when I got a bit older - spy on me in the bath or getting dressed. 
I used to put sellotape on the bottom of my door at night and pins/ tacks on the floor to try and protect myself. 

At the age of 7, at my mothers house, I was writing that I wanted to die and that no days were happy for me .... this paper was burnt and we never spoke about it again. 

When at my mothers I would see and hear things. Ghosts were the explanation I was given - now nearing 30, I’m realising that it was most likely my brain ‘breaking up’.

My father &amp; step mother had a baby and I was left alone for a while. 
Father left step mother for a while, and I shared a bed with him. I only got my own room when I told my mum that I had to sleep in the same bed as dad - she was pi**ed off, I was 10 at this point. 
I got my own room, but you had to walk through it to get to the bathroom. 

Father &amp; step mother got back together. I hated my step brother, although in a way it was good for me - but they forgot about me when I was at their house. Laughing when they “forgot” to feed me for 3 days and sh*t like that. 

I remember around 9/10 yo that mum &amp; step dad &amp; some other family - we went on holiday. 
I just remember going about doing my own thing. Going to the on site swimming pool, and staying there on my own for hours on end. 

Secondary school was awful - it was clear that I was the biggest fairy going! I was picked on everyday for 5 years. Teachers didn’t want to know, neither did parents. 
I tried to hide away in the library when I could, and would try my best to skip Sports in order to avoid the changing rooms.

My step dad hated me during me teen years, always picking on me, calling me names, saying I should “man up”. He was embarrassed of me. 
He would embarrass me in front of people and ruin my birthdays. 
When I came out officially as “gay”, step dad didn’t talk to me. 
The most awful part was when he came out and said that he didn’t feel safe leaving me with my 2 younger brothers - this was the first time my heart broke. 
I remember being told that I had “ruined the holiday” (that was upcoming and involved other family members. ). 

During that holiday, I was ignored. 
I even went down to the beach and stayed there until it was dark. 
I was so cold, sitting on a rock, when a sweet old lady passed me and asked if I was ok. 
As she got further away, she kept looking back. 
I decided to get up, wave to her and go back to the caravan we were staying in. 
It was very dark, and no one had noticed that I was even gone all day. 

When I was 15, I started drinking. 
I would hide vodka in my room. 

I finished school with terrible grades. I still managed to get into college, but I hated that. 
I got a part time job which I would go to whenever I wasn’t at college - just so I didn’t have to go home. 
I stopped eating regularly and lost a few stone in weight. I would volunteer my time at my job as home life was horrible for me. 
When I was home, I’d hide away in my room, turn the lights off and listen to music. 

I would pay for bills, food, my brothers school clothes and my own things. 
I ended up moving into my fathers house - I won’t go into why. But it was the only place I could go. 

I got a full time job and worked 7 days a week in conjunction with my part time job. I did this for a while until my FT job promoted me. 
By 18 I was still drinking, before work, during (I would take it in a bottle), and when I got home. 
I would regularly take pain killers too. 
I was unhappy in my body - and so badly wanted to be a woman. 

I tried OD, but just ended up with a stomach ache for 2 weeks. 

I frequently went to a bridge and stood there for hours sometimes just thinking of jumping. 

I went to A&amp;E, but no one really cared. 

By 20 I found someone who helped me transition. 

Family disowned me for about half a year. 
We rented an awful apartment.  I was working 70+ hours a week, this is no exaggeration. 

I still wanted to die. 
Anyway, family eventually came round. 

I had my “op”, things didn’t go great, and now I can’t feel anything ‘downstairs’.
When I had my breath done, I also lost feeling there. 
I finally gained the courage to tell my father where to ‘shove it’ - as I almost died through blood loss during my GRS - and he, his wife &amp; 2 kids couldn’t give a sh*t. 

Feels like no matter what I did, something just wouldn’t allow me to be happy. 

Over the years I’ve tried drowning myself, suffocating myself. 
I’ve SH’d. 

I have Borderline Personality Disorder. 
It does explain a lot in my life. 
However I feel like as each year passes I’m getting worse. 

I took an OD in Sept this year - sadly I got taken to intensive care and survived. 
I haven’t felt the same since. 

Death is all I can think about. 
More shit keeps coming my way. 
Redundancy, family deaths. Nightmares every night about my father. It’s like I’m not allowed any rest. 
I worked it out a few days ago, that in the past 3 and a half years, other than the days I’ve been in hospital. I have not had a day off! I’m not kidding, seriously. 

Anyway, this week, I had enough. 
I walked 40 minutes to my nearest bridge, in the freezing cold and was going to jump ... however I was stopped my an undercover police car, and detained, taken to the hospital (I was sectioned / committed, w.e you wanna call it).

I feel like I’ve only been kept alive for more bad news .... another family member died.

I just want eternal peace now. 
I want eternal rest. 

No more BS from people who have no idea how I feel telling me “it will get better” and “think positive”. F U is all I can say. Live in my head for a week then come back and say those things. 

My mind is broken, I don’t want to go on. It’s not selfish - people who are in my life would not need to be “worrying” about me anymore and can move on with their lives. 
Why can no one understand the unhappiness in my day to day life?

Please don’t tell me other people have it worse than me. I’m living this life, I know how it feels. 

If you have read this rather long post, thank you. 
If you wanna talk, feel free to DM me. 
