MRSA has ruined my life and I'm considering ending itEver since I caught this illness off a friend in August every single day has been dominated by it. Either by the actual symptoms, worrying about where and how they're going to come up next or both.

Earlier today I was told that I can't get help for it through my work's private healthcare because it started before I was accepted onto the scheme. That's the final kick in the teeth in a long fucking line of them. Ever since I caught this illness all I've had my hopes raised by a new antibiotic or being referred to a different doctor, and every single time it's been shattered, and I'm fucking done fighting.

I'm done with having my hopes dashed over and over, I can't take another heartbreak. Why should I keep fighting, it's obvious I'm just meant to lose this battle, nothing has beaten it.

I'm looking up what the best ways of ending my own life are. I've asked a friend of mine who works in a nursing home for help but he's refused. No other method that I'm capable of looks promising..I may just have to pick the least worst option.

I've tried breaking the news to my boyfriend, he's devastated and doesn't want me to end my life, he says no matter what he won't give up on me. I feel incredibly guilty that I might do this to him, but he'll be better off without me, if he keeps living with me he'll probably catch this and be in just as much misery as I'm in now. He'll be better off without me even if he doesn't realise it yet.

I have work tomorrow, and all week...I'm not sure, I might go in, I don't know. I don't know if and when I'll end this, I'm not sure about anything right now, if I'm honest the thought of dying scares me but my life is basically over now...I do not have a future worth looking forward to anymore, this illness has robbed me of it.

I'm rambing and I apologise, but I don't know what to do. I don't want to keep living the future I have now but the thought of dying scares me too, the thought of picking the least worst way of doing it and all that...does anyone know anything that might help?