i hate myself. no one will ever like me. (kinda long, but i just needed to get it all out)i've never talked to anyone about this. i thought i could bare with it and move on eventually, but its been 8 years and each day seems more difficult for me to keep going... i dont know. maybe talking about it will help.

so all my life my mom has been a control freak with my younger sister and i. she always talked about how we look, what we ate, what we do, the friends we see, just everything and anything she could criticize about. by the time i started college, i had no self esteem, depressed, and was in constant fear of disappointing my mom (and dad because my mom made a point that how my sister and i are reflects them as parents).
despite all the verbal put downs, my sister made it ok. she was the prettier one, smarter, and more of what my mom wanted us to be so the criticisms weren't directed towards my sister as much. i on the other hand isn't as pretty nor smart. i was always the goofier one and didn't care that much about my looks or wanting to be super materialistic. i was just average. but to my mom i was far below that.
to make things worse, i have the tendency to develop large scars called keloids, so i had a few on my back and shoulders from acne scars during puberty. my mother was (and still is) disgusted by these. she would spend extra time altering my sleeveless tops to help cover up my scars. and when we went shopping, she would always tell me how ugly my scars are and that i should never wear anything revealing or else i'll never find a boyfriend. with that said, after hours at a mall, i would put mostly all the clothes i had picked back on the shelf and left in shame of how i look. eventually i gave up shopping for nice clothes and just went with usual tees and sweaters.
so for college, i moved out and life was great. i felt happier, confident sometimes, and started "looking better" according to my sister. i wasn't in constant fear of disapproval so i dressed nicer, a little revealing but never enough to show my scars (my mother has successfully planted the fear in me). i learned to deal with how i look while still feeling my best and i thought i had overcome my depression and fear. i graduated college with confidence that i could do anything.
just coming out of college with my first job, it wasn't enough for me to rent my own place yet so i moved back home. i thought it might actually be ok. i graduated, i look better, it's what my mom wanted, right? no. wrong. after a month, she started putting me down again with her harsh criticisms and put downs. she continued to talk about my looks, my clothes, and now my job. i thought to myself, i'm a grown woman, i don't have to be controlled by your opinions anymore. i'll just work until i have enough and move far, far away.
oh and then i found a boyfriend. he's the sweetest, most caring person ever, and he and i have a relatively good relationship. he's always there for me and knows about the shit my mom puts me through. but nothing will please this woman! she found out about him and has started to control and criticize that too. shes always telling me what i should wear, that i should work out more because she thinks i'm gaining weight, how to behave myself around his parents, how much to spend, everything! she tells me i'll lose him if i don't keep up my appearances and how his family won't like me because i'm not a perfect daughter (in-law).
 
my depression has come back and i feel worse than ever. i just hate myself. i feel worthless. a failure. i dont know what to do anymore... i thought i could do it.. stick through it all and runaway with my lover, away from the evil, but im starting to think: maybe my mom is right. i shouldn't wear a dress, i'm ugly, i'm stupid, i'll lose my boyfriend. i should just give up and give in to the truth. i'm tired of fighting. of fighting with her.. now everything she says to me feels real. i dont deny her much anymore, i just kinda stare at the wall, nod slightly before walking away to cry for a few minutes, and then resuming what i was doing while pretending i wasn't hurt.
