I Don't Want To Stick Around For Graduation AnymoreI'm at my wits end. There's really nothing keeping me here anymore. I'm so tired, and numb, and in pain all the time. I just see point in really going on. 

I've tried to get help but nobody is letting me do anything. My parents don't care, I've tried to open up to them a few times but, they're convinced that i'm doing it for attention and only mock me for it. Other family is off limits because they're all dead now and there's nothing I can do to get them back. My school would just tell me that more people had it worse and that I should be thankful it's not. I get that more people are suffering worse, but all that's doing is just making me feel guilty and give me more of a reason to hate myself. I don't like myself though I don't hate myself however, that's clearly not the case anymore. I don't consider myself a good person though, I don't think I deserve all of this.

All people have done was hurt me and tell me to "kill myself" ever since I was little. Hell, I even have a permanent limp because of them. You bet that people still make fun of me for it. I've been bullied my whole damn life plus, I have rotten social skills because of it and can't make friends properly. Everyone either thinks i'm stuck up or weird. I've never really had a true friend, they all end up leaving soon. It feels like they all have a time limit and when it's up, they just disappear. I've reached out to about two people about my situation though, they just turned tail and ghosted when they got bored. I know that not everyone is bad, it's just I can't deal with people anymore because of this. Everyone keeps telling me that they would be happier of I died and that they wouldn't care if anything happened to me. Honestly, i'm done with putting up with this. All I want is just someone who will let me take care of them. I don't care if they end up using me anymore.

I'll never get to graduate and I don't really want to anyways. There's really no reason for me to stay for it anyways, the ceremony that is. I'll just be sitting alone while everyone else is having a good time, it happened in grade school and it's going to happen again. All I ever do is fuck up and everyone treats me like a monster for it. No one ever let's me apologize or make it up to them. All they do is ghost, bully and/or spread dumb rumors about me like, fuck off. I know I was meant to be alone but this is just cruel.

I don't really know why I bothered to type this out. Maybe I want someone to stop me deep down? I'm not really sure. Or maybe I just want to let it out? Not even sure about that.

I won't do anything tonight but, i'm not sure how much longer I can go on like this. Sorry for the long rant, I don't really know what i'm trying to with this. Thanks for reading, though. I also apologize for swears, I just feel kinda emotional. Anyways, hope your having a good night or day.