Keep thinking about graphic images of me hurting myself and othersEach day is a never-ending cycle of self-doubt, anxiety, depression, abuse, self-destruction, rinse and repeat. I don't think I've ever experienced a day where I was truly happy. There isn't a day that passes where I don't think of something that sets me off on that cycle. 

Most days I think about killing myself in incredibly glorified, disgusting ways over the strangest things, but I can't help it. Professor said I had the wrong answer? What if I came to class next week with a gun and shot myself in front of them all? My father said a snarky remark? What if I bludgeoned him to death with a book and stabbed myself repeatedly until I physically couldn't hold the knife anymore? 

I wouldn't do these things in real life. Not only do I think I don't have the guts, but I also don't have the resources, strength, time, etc. to plan something as elaborate as any of those scenarios out. But whenever something happens that my anxiety perceives as negative, I instantly think of how I could kill myself and/or others right then and there. I don't want to hurt other people, nor have I ever actually done so, but I get these gruesome images nearly every day.

I went to my college's mental health counselor and I see him every week for an hour and have been now for 7 sessions. It doesn't feel any different. Is he not working or am I not working? These images are the exact same reason I came to see him and they haven't gone away. 

What do I do? I don't want to hurt others, just myself, and not in any severely gory way. I've been contemplating suicide for a long time now, I just don't really know when is the good time (things always come up just when I start getting committed to it and I feel as though it wouldn't be right to do it at that time). There's a lot of reasons as to why I'm probably like this, I'm just not one for sob stories. This isn't to negate anyone else's posts, of course, rather just state that I don't personally find talking about my past to be comfortable. Which, and I realize this as I'm typing this, is probably a factor in why I could be suicidal and depressed and anxious about life. 

I probably should have opened with this but I'm a 19-year-old girl, USA citizen, English speaker.