I feel like attempting againThe last time I did it was the first time I ever tried. It was in September. I ended up in a hospital, then a mental hospital, then back home.

Why did I do it? I wanted my life to change. I wanted to be a guy, I wanted to be confident, I wanted the ability to actually make friends. Did I get that? I felt like I was going to but, nope. I'm still a pathetic loser who goes to a stupid school that I fucking hate.

Not only that, but I'm now the butt of listening to my dad complain about all the financial and emotional stress he's under. I did not fucking ask for that. It makes me feel so horrible because he's just saying shit like "I don't think you realize just how much trouble you've caused" and "do you know how much the bills cost? It's $37,000, that's a master's degree" and it just makes me feel like I'm unwanted. Because here I am, this stupid kid that fucked everything up, and I just feel suicidal again because my dad doesn't deserve to have an asshole for a kid like me.

The sad part is, he's fucking right when he says I don't care about anyone but myself. From my point of view, my feelings matter. If I don't feel okay, then what's the point of living?? Fuck everyone else! I don't care if my dad can't find a job, or someone I don't even know is in pain! Fuck them! They can get bent! (Obviously I'm exaggerating but I am pretty selfish)

I just want someone to be there for me when I'm upset, be nonjudgmental, say everything's okay, let me cry like a fucking baby. Basically, I want to have a mom again. Maybe if she were here she'd be an emotional wreck too, and she'd be disappointed in me, but at least she would be more compassionate. Wouldn't she?

I don't know why I have to be such a pussy. Why should I be a guy if I don't even act like one? I'll get pushed around by other men if I was actually a dude. Why the fuck do I want that?

And there's this girl at school who intimidates me, I really shouldn't let it get to me, but I do anyway because I'm a loser. She's like an alpha female, if that's even a thing. She mocks you if you say or do something stupid. And she's a lesbian. She's more of a man than I am, and she's a girl! Why the fuck should I up and say "oh I'm transgender" at school, if she would make a much better candidate than I would?? Fuck that.

Why the hell am I so pissed off? Why can't I just cooperate with other people and try to make their lives easier? Why do I have to make everything harder?

I just don't feel like people need me. No one will ever understand. I've done too many dumb things, and I don't want to deal with everything I've caused. I want to find a shotgun and flip everyone off again. I don't have to deal with your shit anymore.

And I don't feel like waiting until I live on my own, I have more friends, and I actually have self-worth. I want to see change in my life NOW. I want to go to a new school. I want to practice assertiveness. I want I want I want I want - yeah, it's all about me. I'm an asshole, and I won't do anything for you unless I don't feel like crap.

I don't know how I would do it this time, obviously it would be a much more effective way because I took a pussy way that didn't even physically hurt me. Or maybe I won't do it at all. I don't know.

Fuck I need help.