Contemplating suicide todayWell I don't know where to turn and have absolutely no one to talk to so i decided to subscribe to this forum, but I couldn't read one post with bursting into tears. It's like life is piling on top of me and I'm drowning and no one is trying to help. I failed out of my first year of college, which I think is the reason I'm always getting the third degree from my mom. One morning I woke up and heard her telling my siblings not to ever be like me. She'll show off all my other siblings and just forget about me. But background information, I failed out of my freshman year of college because I was getting so high I never went to class, yes this is my own fault and I absolutely blame no one but myself. I went through this horrible break up. My SO told me I was insecure, had no backbone, foolish and all sorts of things to hurt me. He left me because I'm not good for him, so my coping mechanisms were to get high and drunk. I was on a binge for weeks, missing classes, assignments, not talking to anyone, locking myself in my dorm, etc. I left college with no intentions on going back because my mental health is that bad. My mom moved to VA while I was still in school in PA. So for the summer I stayed with my aunt but we got into a big argument and she kicked me out so I had no choice but to move here with my mom. We've never had a good relationship so I already knew things would get worse. I've been battling with depression since 2013, declining medication because my first time on medicine I attempted suicide. But this year is by far my worst year with depression. I also have really bad anxiety, I have a tremor, and a rare sexual condition called vaginismus. So all these things triggers my depression. Since I've been in VA, I feel like a soul that's just levitating, watching myself sulk in pain and misery. I also feel like I'm lagging behind all my peers and people that are close in age with me. I'm currently struggling to find a job and my mom hangs that over me daily, and I can tell she's getting frustrated as the days go on but it's hard to be positive and believe in myself when she constantly puts me down and tells me I'm not capable of anything. I watch the people I've graduated high school with, enjoying life and moving forward and I can't even get pass step one. My mental health is deteriorating everyday, I can feel myself losing my mind. And recently all I've ever thought about was killing myself. I contemplate it a lot, and I just know one day it's gonna happen. And I feel like when I'm gone, it's like ive never even existed. That's how meaningless I feel in this world.
