I have a very unique outlook on collegeI don't want to be here anymore. Period. I am done with any education at this point. I have been in school for the past 15 years and I am just done with it. I am currently enrolled in college and I don't give a crap anymore. I already skipped classes on my first day, that's how much I care about getting a degree at this point. I want to drop out but I don't have anything else in life. I have no friends outside of my job that pays me shit, I don't have any talents or skills, I have no real world experience as I've been living in my parents basement for the past 3 or so years. If my parents kick me out I will end up as a homeless man on the street. I am worried they are going to kick me out. They have no reason to let me live here really once they find out I'm a liar. I have been lying to them about my grades just to buy myself a few more months of time I can spend browsing the internet and playing video games in the basement. I have absolutely no plans whatsoever for when they kick me out. I am well aware that a college degree is required to go anywhere in life, but sadly I don't really care. I don't learn anything from being in school, I have never been able to focus on schoolwork or find any motivation to do it for as long as I can remember. I've been terrible at school since 2nd grade, I doubt I'll get better in my 3rd year of college. I wish I had the willpower to make myself care about my grades, but I just simply don't. I really loathe going to college where I end up just browsing the internet on my laptop until it's time to go home. I am such an asshole jerk, you don't need to tell me. I am starting to see less and less of a reason not to end my own life. I'm just going to be a asshole bum with no prospects living on the streets within 2 years anyway. The only thing keeping me from killing myself is that I still enjoy watching some TV shows and some video games, but even those haven't been enough to keep me happy these days. It's becoming harder and harder to entertain myself. Once my ability to actually enjoy things is gone, I'm killing myself. That doesn't seem too far off. Help.