Successful yet suicidal. What do you say about that?The last thing I want is for this to come off as some emo post, but I have a feeling it'll end up that way.

What do you say to a guy in his mid 20s with 2 undergraduate degrees, a half completed graduate degree, a steady career, decent income, a beautiful wife, a home, a dog and cat, parents who love him, a 60" plasma with 5.1 surround sound, a small but close group of friends, a boat, dual citizenship with the UK, and the ability to travel often who hasn't had the desire to live since he was young?

By American standards, I live a pretty good life. I have been working in my professional field ever since I was 19, I got the job just as I finished my freshman year at a very good university. This allowed me to buy pretty much whatever I wanted/needed. While my parents do have money, I have never had to rely on them for anything once I moved out. I'm not saying I should be happy because I can afford nice things, but it sure makes life easier. My wife is actually my high school sweetheart, we've been together for 8 years now, married for two. Unfortunately the marriage isn't going too well at the moment, but everything has ups and downs and it really hasn't contributed to my way of thinking.

I've really felt this way ever since I was about 12. Call it my age of enlightenment, if you will. I realized that while there are shiny parts, the world as a whole is a really shitty place. As I got older I would begin to think about why I'm here, what my purpose is and what impact I would have on the world. I still think about this quite a bit, and not too long ago came to the realization that nothing that myself or really anyone, for that matter, does will ever matter in the long run. Everything comes to an end, whether it's the destruction of a single sell, a single life, or an entire race. Eventually, all life will come to an end. Even if we do achieve manned interstellar travel or find life in other areas of the universe, it will come to an end eventually. At that time, nothing anyone has ever done will matter. I know that's an extremely long way away, but the idea that nothing I do in my life will matter even after two generations is just depressing as hell. It's gotten to the point where I am hoping on nearly a daily basis that on my 30 minute drive to work I'll get in a head-on collision with a drunk driver just leaving the bar, or I'll have an aneurysm while walking my dog.

I suppose I might feel differently if everything in my life wasn't a means to an end, but quite frankly I enjoy technology far too much to just take off and live on the edge.

I don't think I'm a depressed person. I just think I'm someone who's become far too bored with life and find it harder and harder to motivate myself to continue when ultimately my actions will lead to nothing.

Not sure how anyone could even respond to this, since the question is pretty ambiguous. It might be nice if anyone could relate, though.
