Listen to meThat's all I want. I want to be listened to. I want someone to hear me out and consider what I have to say. I'm so frustrated.

It has become an ongoing theme in my life. I looked around my room today and realized I'm pretty fucking depressed. It used to be meticulously cleaned and organized. I used to take such pride in my beautiful furniture, my beautiful things. Now it's dirty, laced with soda cans. I can't remember the last time I vacuumed. There's dust on my dresser, a pretty thick layer. I don't have the energy to clean.

I might as well be one of those specks of dust - no, even smaller. Small in body, mind, presence. To the universe I am nothing (though I'm sure we all have that thought sometimes). I don't want to continue on if you're not listening, but maybe you are. I find  myself ignored by many people. They pretend to listen but they don't, really. Perhaps they are preoccupied with their own matters. I  would hire somebody to listen, but my dad says I'm not allowed to talk to anyone certified in the art of listening. He says there isn't anything wrong with me. These thoughts I've had of cutting again, of burning my skin with my tiny blue Bic lighter again, of bashing my head into anything I could in a weak attempt to knock myself out again, are all normal (I'm sure everyone has those thoughts sometimes, no?). I wish I had never done those things, because now that I know I can slowly drain away, the action calls me back. So tempting. But, my dad doesn't listen either. 

This is where I need you to listen. I'm at my breaking point. Tonight, right now. I'm not afraid of dying. I have a way out plan. Just please, please listen. I'm alone. Even when I'm around people I'm alone because nobody listens to my wants, fears, goals. I receive orders and instead it is I that does the listening. They tell my happy face that I will be successful, when all I want is to be a mother. They tell me I'll find a nice boy someday, when I like other girls. They tell me I'm strong enough to deal with anything, when my weak wall inside is condemned and decrepit. They tell me I'm normal when I hide my true face (I think my mask may be thicker than most).

I lay here sobbing night after night. I ask the god I don't really believe in why he tortures me, but he isn't listening. But I'm sure a suicide note would speak volumes that might, just might, be listened to.