Idk what to do anymoreI have fucked up my life so many times in the past, like bad fuckups, moving states, homelessness, tons of regrets... I am so tired of this shit, I just want to die. Its going to happen one day anyways... the only thing stopping me is the pain it would bring to other people but i feel so much pain myself that its almost unbearable... i have told one person i have suicidal thoughts, she was a close ex family member (brother married her) she said she would schedule an appointment with the doctor but that was over half a year ago, i tld her that i thought i was getting better, and she never replied to that. noone knows these feelings i have, and theyre so strong... most days i get through just fine but when it all boils down to it and im stuck alone just thinking to myself, i just hate where i have ended up in life, im so disappointed in myself, and i dont have a job right now, i can barely keep one of those for too long, i always fuck it up somehow, and all my friends, the 4 or 5 friends i have, all go have fun and every time i hang out with them i just feel like a burden because i feel like im just being a bum around them and i really hate that, i really wish i had a job so i could be parts of their activities, but even when i do have income, i still feel so lonely, i feel like noone really likes me, they just think im annoying and a burden.... im paranoid as hell, which is just not fun, it really sucks on a day to day basis... i never went to college, idk what im doing with my life, idk where i am going... im living with my parents again, unfortunately, but i cant even talk to them because i barely know them, and i dont want them to think like they failed me... even though they kind of did, i couldnt let them know i have suicidal thoughts run through my head... 


i just am tired, spiritually, emotionally, mentally.... im underweight... my back kills me, and its just going to get worse through out the years... idk what to do, i just want to cry but its like ive cried all my tears now i am just.... here... i feel like all i do is fuck things up, so why should i stay? if i was gone, there would be nothing i could fuck up anymore... i feel like i cant talk to my friends because theyre not the talking type... idk... i just want to sleep... im so sad, and despaired, and broken... my thoughts are insane, and if i told anyone they would just think i am insane, so i cant even tell people what i truly believe and think..... idk why im posting this, i guess mainly just to get it off my chest... thx for reading, and sorry for the grammar and whatever else....