My father will have to bury his sonHey there. 
I have no idea if anyone will care about what I'm about to write and nor do I care if you do. I only want to get this off my chest.
Yesterday I went through what I think will be the worst day of my entire life.
So yesterday's morning I woke up to my father, asking me if I knew where my older brother might be. It was the last day of school and he would, as any other pupil, receive his school certificate (the thing where all your class grades are written on, english is not my mother's tongue). He was supposed to meet my father at 7 am so he could drive him to his school, but apparently he left the house earlier without taking his school backpack with him. I said "no idea" and he asked my sister if she knew something. Dad was really concerned. I asked him if he checked already if my brothers bike was still there since there might have been a misunderstanding and he probably thought he was supposed to drive by train and went to the train station by bike. My dad went and drove to the train station to check wether his bike was there or not since he couldn't find it in the bike shed. I thought everything would turn out to be okay so I went back to my bed to take some more hours of sleep since I didn't have get up that early. A few minutes later I woke up again, this time to my little sister, crying and telling me that my dad called her: there were hundreds of people at the train station, waiting for their train and some people said that someone jumped in front of a train earlier and that all the railway traffic was cancelled due to that. I tried to calm her down and told her that Jonas, my brother would never ever do something like that. I even went back to my bed and tried to sleep because I was so sure about that.
A short while later, my sister came up to my room again and told me that the person who did that was identified to be Jonas. I don't know how to handle this, all this stuff that happened today feels absolutely surreal. My dad just cancelled the marriage to his new wife, which was planned to happen in three weeks. He will have to bury my 20 years old brother. A dad should never experience what its like to bury one of his children, it should be US to bury HIM once , not the other way around. I didn't believe this story until the police brought us a letter, a smashed iPhone (that ironically survived with just some cracks on the screen) and keys that were all bent due to the force of the impact. He was a normal young adult with mediocre grades in school who never seemed too unhappy. I believe I was awake when he left the house at night, I though he'd get cat food from downstairs. He was 2 years older than me. He often came up to my room to show me some funny sarcastic video on youtube and we would laugh our asses off. If my step mother was mad on us for any reason, he would try to tell her that I'm not to blame and supported me whenever he could. He was a good person who never harmed anyone and never demanded much.
