I've never been a "happy person." My life ha sheen pretty inconsequential. I'd liken it to teeading water, but honestly nothingness seems more desirable than ttb r str¹uggle.I'm not suicidal.  Taking my life isnt something I  think I'm "brave" enough to do, but the honest truth is nothingness seems like it would be less trouble than continuing with this disposition I have on life.

It all seems like some joke. I'm by no means a theist or a  creationist but the idea that people derive meaning from existing almost seems like a joke so sadistic it would imply some kind of design.

Maybe I'm in the wrong sub, but thought of not waking up tomorrow seems so peaceful. It's something I'd welcome more than I fear.

Looking at my life, I've been foolish. I've been an ashole. I have regret, it almost seems like presdination. As narcissistic as that that sounds thought is just a chemical reaction.  It's a balance equation. Chiemisry. Cause and effect.  My own failing and shortcomings aren't a choice.  Their inescapable science. 

The same can be said about the way I feel. And even this sense of happiness or fulfillment I'm envious that others seem to experience.

Over 2 god damn years ago I was in an unhealthy relationship.  I happened to happened there was better out there. I wanted to believe I deserved it. Foolishly I wanted it to work and thought I could fix it. I bought a ring, I bought a house, I made plans.

At some point I realized it wasn't happy. I tried to fix it, and things ended.  Years later and I'm still unxplicapabley hung up the matter.
I can honestly say I wasn't happy then but find that happiness would have been higher than it is now I'm afraid.

I cant seem to move on. I was worried I was selling myself short and taking unjustified abuses but now I can4 help but think that was my best chance to get as close to happen as possible and I blew it...

Years later I'm still drunk and openly weeping as I get to reach out on reddit. 

FML. I dont understand why people fight to live....