I (21F) am having happy thoughts about suicide so I don't have to deal with my problems anymore. Help?!!The thought of my death literally makes me happy. I smiled genuinely for the first time in a long time as I went to sleep at 5am and woke up at 10am. Before falling asleep, I thought exactly of how I want to commit suicide for minimum pain and maximum effect. I also thought of the suicide notes I want to write to the people who are closest to me and when to commit suicide.   

It just makes me really happy that I'll be able to solve my problems once and for all. I won't have to live anymore. I won't have to cry myself to sleep every night anymore. I won't have to deal with getting a good job that I want and all that shit that comes with adulthood and parents who have fucked up my childhood. I won't have to worry about living life the perfect way and doing nothing about my problems and being judged by others.   

I signed up for counselling for depression yesterday. I also called my father crying yesterday. He told me to not make him worry and sad because of the way I was acting. Well, he won't have to anymore!!! My parents won't have to spend another single cent on me anymore. They can all leave it to my other two sisters, who I'm not close to at all.   

I am really happy. I think I've stumbled onto the perfect solution! Come to think of it, I should have died on the operation table 21 years ago. I was born prematurely and had to have a heart operation so I could breathe and live. But I didn't. So now I can right a wrong and it'll be the only thing I did right in my lifetime.   Suicide never made sense to me until today!!! Yay guys! I'm so happy!!! I know enough to know that this is fucked up but like this is literally the first time I've woken up in months feeling happy. Please don't take this away for me, guys. Have a happy day, y'all!  I actually know this is wrong and fucked up so I'm posting here for support until I get actual help.   

Tl;dr: Decided to commit suicide, feel happy and relieved. Actually know it's fucked up so I'm posting here for support until I get actual help.