I will die tonightWhy I decided to die tonight.

Tonight, I will (hopefully) finally free myself from a world I never really felt a part of.

At this point, you may be wondering why I decided to write this post.

Let’s start with what this post is not. It is not a cry for help, the last thing I want is for a good Samaritan to save me. It is neither an attempt at self-pity. I’ve tried self-pity for a long time and, trust me, it’s overrated.

Instead, this post is my awkward attempt at trying to deliver a message to you, especially if you are struggling with depression or anxiety.

Delivering that message will require me to talk a little bit about myself and the journey to this moment in time.

So, let’s start with the beginning, shall we?

At the age of 13, I started experiencing the first symptoms of depression and anxiety. A year later, the constant feeling of dread and worrying caused me to get diagnosed with my first stomach ulcer. After being urged to by our family physician, my mother reluctantly agreed to send me to therapy.

Two years later, my mother committed suicide, an event which caused me to fall in an even deeper depression for the next 6 years.

During this period, however, from the age of 16 to 23, I continued to go to my weekly therapy sessions. Somehow, the fact that, no matter how dire my mental health was, I could unburden myself of those issues on a weekly basis helped me tremendously.

And then, something clicked in my head. After being plagued with depression for years, I suddenly was free of it. And this is when I made the single biggest mistake of my life. I stopped therapy. I remember the day where I decided to stop going to my weekly sessions. I remember thinking: “I’m a strong guy. I can’t let my life get fucked up by my own brain. If I decide to be happy, I will be, dammit.”

During the next few years, it looked as if I was right. I was feeling better. Oh, sure, there were some weird things here and there — I started chain-smoking and I was spending a lot of cash on gadgets and trips — but, well, everyone has small issues like that, right?

When I was 31, after working a series of soulless jobs in retail and HR, I got hired for a job at an intelligence agency, something I always wanted. I now had a great job, a nice apartment and a couple of friends (I was always a bit of a loner).

This, of course, is when things started to go south. Over the past few months, my spending, which had turned into a full-blown addiction, had gone out of control. I was now deeply in debt and about to lose my security clearance, something which was going to get me fired.

So, I quit my job and left, almost overnight, to southeast Asia. My goal was to start anew and leave all of my problems and history behind. Needless to say, after eight years spent in Asia, it didn’t work. The depression came back roaring, along with its anxiety buddy. In the past couple of years, my anxiety has morphed into something more akin to agoraphobia. Which, of course, means that finding and keeping a job is impossible. With no family and no friends left in Belgium, I of course cannot go back there to join the ranks of the countless homeless men and women on the streets.

So, a few months ago, I decided to try to do anything I could to find a job. I tried. I failed. And I now am in a Vietnamese hotel with only $20 left, no job on the horizon and mental health issues. Fortunately, I do still have one option available, which is to end it all.

At the beginning of this post, I mentioned the fact that I had a message to deliver. If you read my story, you may notice that things started going south after I stopped therapy. I felt that I didn’t need it, I felt that I was strong and that therapy was for the weak. And, boy, was I wrong.

Whatever issues you have, whether it’s mental health issues, family issues or anything else, there are people out there who can help you. Do not make the same mistake than I did and believe that you can do it on your own. It’s okay to ask for help sometimes.

Get help before it’s too late.

Mister Throwaway