I dont know what to do anymore, my S/O doesn't see a point in livingLet me start off by saying I love her so incredibly much, she is the only girl for me and I never want to see any thing bad happen to her. Since we first met she told me how she messes up relationships and always makes things difficult, I told her that I didn't care because to me she is the most amazing girl in the world. 

--

I guess you could say things started off just like any other relationship, we had fun, spent lots of time together and generally had a good time, but as time went by things got more difficult, as she started college again things sort of slipped down hill, she would randomly get depressed and not show any reason in what I was trying to tell her - no matter what I said she would always have the response of no interest in things what so ever. I would try and help her and be there for her but she wouldn't want it and try to push me away but eventually she started to speak to me about her self.

She told me she had been to see a doctor when she was younger who told her she could be showing signs of bipolar and at the time she had the option to keep it just to her self and didn't want to do anything further, she used to go to some therapy sessions but quit them because she said they didn't help at all. She told me she didnt need to and she was fine, whilst I was forced to sit there on the sidelines watching her switch between loving me like no tomorrow and then suddenly pushing me away from anything to do with her. Things were really starting to make me upset and it started to effect my normal life, I told my self I could be there for her and support her, all the time she couldn't she what this emotional roller coaster was doing to me, how telling me that there is point in living wouldn't make me want to cry or wonder why she would want to do that when there is so much going for her. 

Then one night she told me how she might as well cut her wrists and end her life because there is no point, without thinking the first thing I did was get up a run to her house, I was so shaken up all I wanted to do was hug her and make sure she was safe, make sure nothing bad had happened to her. She cried and we spoke and I told her how I was always there for her but I was too shaken up to think of anything different. The worse thing for me was how the next day she acted as if nothing had happened the night before - I was shocked and confused at how things could just change just like that, she seemed bubbly and full of life and wanted to sped as much time as possible with me. 

I told myself that I could not go on in this relationship knowing full well how it was effecting me, I kept this to my self thinking about what I was going to do. A general cycle picked up in which there where weeks of no sex, days of no affection what so ever from her and days in which I was the center of  her life. Eventually I spoke to her and told her that unless she seeks help I could not go on in this relationship anymore, I told her how I loved her but I just couldn't go on knowing that things would only get worse, she agreed to get help and we deiced to book an appointment at the doctors together. 

(please forgive me for skipping out on some things but I am just going to fast forward to present day because there are too many things going on for me to write about) 

--

She went to her first appointment at a mental health specialist and today has been the hardest day in our relationship ship for me. I was waiting to meet her after she finished with everything but after waiting for over 30minutes I found out she had gone out before I got there and went straight home, I told her I was coming round but just life the day before this she refused to let me see her and started to shout at me to not come round and that I needed to respect that, and did that and did so today but she told me that she didn't want to see me tomorrow either. I tried to tell her to let me be her boyfriend and let me support her but no matter what she would not listen. 

She text me telling me how she is alone and would always end up being alone I told her she is not and that I am here for her. I had heard how she though of killing her self before with the doctors but when she tex me saying: "I dont even care anymore about this life,! I dont care! Whats the point in living if you dont see how life is ?! I have tried to be happy and it failed.. I dont know my own mind anymore I really dont..."

I told her that she is not alone, she is alone because she wants to be alone and that I am here for her, I told her to let me be there for her and help her but was only met with "You dont understand the fuck is happening at the moment for me! I went to fucking therapy for you what more do you want?! I', depressed and feel like shit and yeah I wanna die!

I was scared and didnt know how to help her, I told her to call one of the helpline numbers she had been given and she refused, telling me there was no point. I panicked and told her if she didnt I would but then it was like she just snapped out of it. She said I was blackmailing her but I tried telling her what else was I meant to do, I couldn't  just sit back with no way of getting to her knowing full well she was prepared to die. Whether that makes me a bad person or not it gave her a sudden realization on reality and then she apologized and said she never meant to cause me pain.

--

I really cant handle this by my self anymore! Its like a never ending emotional roller coaster where one turn could be the end of everything, people around me and even her cannot she what this is doing to me! I feel bad for making this about me because its her who this is about. Please, I dont know how to help her anymore than I have and I dont know how much longer I can go on trying to support her when she wont let me anywhere close.  
