Letter to a lost loveI miss you, not in a I miss you from this morning way, I miss the way you used to feel about me. I miss being a person you looked at when I walked in the room. I miss you wanting to text me throughout the day. I can't even get a text back for the smallest thing anymore. I know you say you're busy with school and such, but I see you on your phone when we are together. I don't care what you're doing on it or who you're talking to. I just miss you.

I can see that you don't love me like you used to. I hear the lack of enthusiam in your voice when you speak to me. I heard you talking to your friend on the phone the other day. There was excitement, there was a laugh in your voice when you spoke to them that I haven't gotten in a very long time. It was the anticipation and excitement of getting your words out and to be heard by them. 

I know why you're going up north, it's to see them. I asked if you wanted me to go and the text went unanswered. Dude, I know. I pull the same thing when I get asked a question like that and I don't want to answer, so I just don't. I get it and I deserve it for all the times I have done it. It's okay, I don't blame you, I know you don't want me there. I don't want to be there either. I know how I am and what I do.

I blame myself. I put so much of my energy into so many other things besides you and our relationship. I neglected you for so long. And now I'm the one who is hurt and feels alone. I really do hate myself. I want to fix it, but I know it can't be fixed. I can't put the genie back in the bottle. Poof, that magic is gone. I don't want to do this anymore without you.

I'm just not excited by life anymore. There is nothing I want to know or to develop. I just want to lay on the couch all day. I don't have the energy for anything anymore. I just have the guilt of what I have done to you. The uncaring selfish attitude I have given you for so long. The way I have made you feel. I just want to end my life. I just want to disappear. 

I don't know how to improve. I just want to kill myself, I'm not having fun. I tried to tell you about it but I can't bare to add that to your plate. It's just not fair to do that. Ultimately it just doesn't matter. I don't want to be a burden to you. This relationship is just so mechanical, so bare. How could I now just put this on you when you there spark just aint there anymore. I don't want you to feel like, "oh now I have to stay because he might hurt himself" or "now I have to act differently and coddle his feelings so I won't hurt him." I just don't want you to act inauthenticly towards me. If your indifference is the most honest way you feel about me, then that's what I prefer. But the indifference is also what is killing me. I don't know how to resolve it. I just want to snip the cord that my heart is dangling on, I just want to die. I don't know how much longer I can go on.