I don't know how but I willI don't even know where to start, I don't look good, I'm not tall enough, I'm awkward and feel like most people are superior to me. I've been looking for a gf for a year now and I still found nothing. I even see ugliers kids getting girls but I don't. Don't fucking tell me it's about confidence cause confidence comes with something, and I don't have anything, I'm that easy to attack kid in school, I sat outside next to the side walk and kids would pass by making fun of my names and pushing me. I can't say anything in class cause the entire room will make fun of or criticize what I say. No one loves me, not even my two bunnies, when I try to hug them they ri. Away for no reason, when I complain about things to my parents they either blame it on me or say it's not a big deal. I've never had any real friends, people that actually care, I'm always the one that helps and cares about my friends but no one does the same for me. Iv been betrayed, one of my friends stole money, the other one broke an expensive thing I had, and when I wanted money for it he stopped talking to me. Other ones just don't talk to me unless I go up to them. On ps4 nobody invites me to parties anymore, and when I join someone leaves and invites the others to a private party so that I can't join, and everyone loves him, and not me, and we came into the friend group at the same time, I'm nicer and actually care about friendship but he is the beloved one. When I look around in class I see everyone has someone to talk to but I'm always alone. The worse part of it is, I can't cry, I just can't fucking cry, it's like I have no tears, wtf do I do? Why should I live if people are gonna keep pissing on me???!! I was thinking of leaving home on night and just wondering in the city with no food so.I just die or something, so at least someone will me, I'm scared to kill myself with a weapon or pill. BTW if you think you have a solution for my problems I'll be reading them but ain't nothing gonna change, I'm just an unlucky person, everyone around me just doesn't care about me enough, even though I'm nice, I care and try to help people, some people in school hate me for no reason, when I haven't even talked to them, and they tell our mutual frienD's to not be with me. I feel so alone