It is getting so hardIn this moment, I am not suicidal. But I can feel the horrible creeping feeling of it starting up again, and I have no idea what to do this time. I can’t eat or sleep. I have lost so much weight in the past few months, and I can’t talk to anyone. 	

I am 24, things have always kind of been like this. Oddly, from the outside, things are better than they have ever been. I recently finished school and got a job in the field I wanted. I have recently lost some weight, and everyone keeps telling me how gorgeous I look. 

Things seem ok.

But they aren’t. They have never been. When I was 18, I moved away to school and began the only part of my life that has been ok. Before that, I don’t remember moments of hope at all. I remember fear, poverty and hopelessness. I remember learning to act for every adult in my life. Things were just too hard, and I had no idea they could ever be better. 

My parents divorced when I was four years old. My alcoholic dad was abusive, and was prone to hurting us all both on purpose and by accident while drunk. We lived in a nice house in a nice area. I had a dog, which I clung to whenever there was a screaming match. We had to get rid of her when she tried to defend one of us from my dad. 
While all this was going on, someone started molesting me, literally in my own backyard. It happened more than once, and he told me a lot of things. He said I made it happen, and that everyone would hate me if they found out. He said the same about himself, and so he threatened to kill me if I said anything. He said it was ok. He taught me how to lie. I have been alone ever since it happened. 

It stopped when my parents divorced and we moved away. My dad abandoned us completely, we have never seen him again (which is what the abuser said would happen if anyone knew). 

My mom tried her best, but it was hard. She never really liked me, and I always felt like there was something so wrong with me because of it. We were extremely poor, and ended up moving to the roughest neighbourhood in the city. 

Maybe all of that is why I am like this.

As I said, I am 24. I have never felt that anyone really loved me. I have some amazing friends, but they know so little about me that I feel like they just love an illusion. I have never been in a real relationship, because I don’t want to hurt anyone. I don’t want someone good to be stuck with someone like me. I don’t want them to think that I am an ok person, that I’m strong or ok when I am really this shell. 

I dread every day that I am obligated to do something. I love weekends when I can just exist, with no demands. I know I won’t let anyone down that way. 

So I am totally hopeless. I hate myself for not being like other people. I hate dreaming about the day he raped me. I wish I could find a way to be better. 

I am not yet suicidal. But when I sit and think about how many long and lonely years I am going to have to face. Pretending I’m ok, friends wondering why I keep myself single, and why I drift away. I just wish I was like other people, and that there was any hope.
