This Isn't Working out...Hello.. to whoever reads this, I am going to keep it short.

I was diagnosed with Epilepsy, and behavioral disorders.

I am too poor to really go to college, my epilepsy disqualified me from my military career.

My epilepsy has made it hard to focus, it has taken away many opportunities.

No I will not take disability checks, I want to work hard.

I have recently been yelled at by work due to confusion I stir because of my thinking patterns.

I am losing insurance soon, and that means I can't get anymore help with consultation on switching my medications to help with seizures.

I bought a house that I hoped to help grow my investments, but it turned out to have sinking slab foundation right after the purchase, plumbing is bad... I am almost financially drained, and I no longer accept tenants because of the poor quality of life in the house.

But with all that aside, the deep drive is thinking of how we're in this society today, in this point of time. I wish I was born in the true timeline of hunting and gathering. Sure quality of life may have been crap, but I would be more connected to nature without having so many abstractions of society and government such as laws, taxes, properties, restricted areas, etc.

Freedom isn't for us, it was for the businessmen, elites, and government. It's not we the people, but we the corporations. They screw us all day, and the laws are there to protect them more than us.

Today it's ridiculous how we have to figure out a way to get the money to go to college so we get a good paying job. Afterwards, we have to beg employers to hire us and pay us crappy wages with little to no benefits, and are left to the crumbs and scraps of the so called "great economy". I'm so tired, so sleepy, and I have tried everything in my own power, including spiritual guidance, positive reinforcement, hopes of the future and to work hard.

Some say money can't buy happiness, but it's a yes and no.... All I ever wanted was good health, and a healthy environment, and to do my hobbies as painting art and writing computer code... But I end up driving to deliver uber eats after my full time job to make ends meet...

And after the latest events with COVID, how expensive things are, I am even more sleepy, and all of it feels like it has sapped away my energy. And now I want to go to sleep, it has never worked out for me and never will. I have held back the "never will" for a very long time, until now I want to check out... because I am in the wrong timeline...