I want to kill, so should I die?I posted here a while back, decided to do so again after a ton of reflection. I am filled with a constant contempt and hatred for every other person on this planet. The state of the world proves to me the fact that people just aren't worthy of life, whatever the hell living is meant to be. I think the only way I'll ever feel happy is if I start killing, which doesn't really scare me, but I also wanted to make some sort of attempt at life. It would let me die so much sooner since someone would eventually stop me, but it also feels like a failure to adapt.

The obvious goal for a race of people is survival; that way you have enough time to even attempt to understand what life is about. If I start killing, I am a direct enemy of that goal, not that anyone seems to care about surviving long-term these days. Part of me wants to in some way help, feeling like people are too stupid to understand on their own. Another part wants to surrender totally and enjoy the last hours of my life through culling, which I'm almost convinced is likely the only way I'll get to feel again.

Overall, I'm apathetic. I don't have enough emotion anymore to care one way or the other, my life is probably going to go on with me staring out the window wishing I could take some sort of action. The lack of motivation or a drive is probably going to prevent me from ever deciding one way or the other on if I want to kill or help society. I'm stupid too, don't get me wrong, but I guess that just comes with being human. Makes sense that I want to kill myself then, because I truly hate all of humanity.

Today just feels like one of those days where I want to go to the hospital and tell people the truth, but I know if I ever do that it'll be the end of my life regardless. Nobody actually wants to treat me, that's not a good way of spending money. I'm sure if there weren't people trying to be ethical to save face, I'd be one of those guys locked up in an asylum to be lobotomized. At the very least though, under modern operations, I'd never be able to get a job again. Who wants to hire someone mentally ill that's constantly struggling with depression, anxiety, potential psychopathy, who has openly stated that they want to kill everyone and they'd enjoy it? Besides, it cost me $800 just to see someone who could give me a list of places to seek therapy, I couldn't afford actual help anyways even if I do have medicaid now.

Just figured I'd use this as my outlet, though I still doubt it'll stay up. I want to ask if I should kill myself just to avoid a future disaster where I stop having control over my hatred, but I know the rules wouldn't let me get an actual answer here anyways. Kind of annoying that there are rules which prevent honest conversation, but not surprising, the world's way more twisted than me. Wouldn't even be a net loss anyways, I'm asexual and only ever considered adoption to teach someone how to survive in a decent way. Parents only care about themselves usually, so I think I'd do a better job than most others.

Hope those of you who actually want to make an attempt at life can get better, I've stopped fighting to. Not worth it in my eyes. Gonna be homeless soon anyways, so when that happens I'll finally get some relief. Oh if anyone with an actual (related) degree sees this, am I a psychopath or a sociopath or neither? I've been trying to figure out for years. Used to have some emotions, like a love of research, but the depression took that from me. Never felt shame or loss or anything like that though, no real bouts of joy either but funny things make me smile sometimes. Would be nice to know just to sate the curiosity.