Screwed up everything again. I always screw something up. I'm constantly failing at life.It's like I'm eternally cursed to screw something up at least once a year.

Everything was going well coming into the end of January. I was happy. I had an amazing time at PAX South. Everything was great. I was so happy, but so tired.

I had a ton of work after that weekend. The work was too much. I had tests, essays, all that shit due in the next week or two. (I'm in college, freshman, I'm 20 yo). It was too much for me to handle. I completely collapsed and only took the tests and did none of the work. And to make things worse, my legs started hurting while walking to and from class, and to and from clubs.

Why am I doing so many clubs? I don't have friends. I'm so fucking lonely. I have no one to talk to. But my legs started hurting, so I stopped going to most of my classes. What was supposed to be a 2-3 day break, but I started skipping more and more. And I keep missing them. It's been 3 weeks since I've been to them. I just can't go. I'm afraid of the professors calling me out for not going to class. Even worse, I'm afraid of the TAs calling me out for not going to class, since they are always hanging around the attendance sheet. Today I got an email from one of my professors saying that I should drop the class because I'm doing so poorly (from missing classes and assignments).

But I can't drop it. Since I'm Canadian in the US, I'm an international student. And because of that I have to have at least 4 classes or else my visa gets invalid, and I get kicked out of the country.

I'm too frightened to email my professors and ask what I can do. I screwed it up like I always do. I always screw things up.

2 more things happened in the 3 weeks since my collapse. I've been so desperate for a group of friends that I even considered joining a fraternity. For a whlie, 3-4 weeks ago, I really liked these guys. The rush events were fun. I thought I'd be a shoo in. Then I had the interview. Not only did my legs hurt because I ran from my dorm (in dress shoes too), but I was sweating like crazy. Which made me sweat in nervousness even more. Worst of all is that the interview was terrible. It didn't help that 2 of the guys were trying to hold back their laughter. I went home and cried after that for a long time in my shower.

Then after that I went to talk to a long distance friend. I trust her with a ton of things, but recently she told me to stop venting and all that to her because it's stressing her out. So I agreed to stop. But I just had to vent, and she got angry, said I was being creepy, and hasn't said a word to me in 3 weeks.  She's part of the reason why I was so happy before the last 3-4 weeks happened. It's not that what she said was bad, it was just so shocking and unexpected. She unleashed months of frustration and anger on me, and it made me feel even worse. I completely screwed up our friendship. She doesn't even want to talk to me at all.

I had to cry again. But since I don't have any friends I don't have anyone to talk to. I screw everything up. My grades are in the shitter. I got less than a 2.0GPA last semester because of me skipping class so much. I'm on academic probation, and if I don't get a 2.0+ GPA, I'll be kicked out.

My parents? they'll destroy me. I have zero options left. It also doesn't help that they're paying for my college, so it'll be even worse on me.

I screw everything up. I can't stop screwing everything up. When I'm careful I screw everything up even more. I can't even clean a toilet right without doing something wrong.

I have a knife next to me, but I'm too scared to use it. But I don't have any options. No one out there cares about me. Don't say my parents do, because if they did, they'd actually try to fix me. I'm broken and mentally unstable. The smallest things break my fucking head. A few months ago I stubbed my toe and I cried for hours. I don't have any friends or anyone I trust to talk to about this.

I really do have a knife next to me, and if it comes down to it, I'll end it all.

No one knows I exist anyways, and the only way anyone would find out I'm dead is because of my rotting corpse or because I end up not paying next month's rent.

I don't have any goals in my worthless life. It doesn't help that I'm stupid too.

So why should I even live?