I tried to kill myself the night before last, I think.So. I know, weird title. I'll explain. I was fine the night before last, and then I got into my room...sitting there alone with my thoughts. Which, I do this literally every day, so I'm confused as to why this went the way it did. Well, I just randomly started bawling my eyes out. Got my razors, started looking at them, and of course this led to me fucking up my entire arm. Which, after that, I thought I was fine. I was sitting there, calm again, looking at all the blood I was going to have to clean up...and..I fucked up even more. I got a bottle of my fibromyalgia medication, and noticed it was full. It started with eight, then I just kept going back and taking more and more and more. My best friend called me, as I had been messaging him all suicidal and shit, telling him how I fucked up. I talked with him for a while, he kept trying to get me to stop taking the pills. Then he tried contacting my mom, which I then blocked his number from her phone and proceeded to take more. I was only taking maybe four at a time but I kept going back. I took at least 30 pills. Well, he ended up getting me to where I went and woke up my mom and told her. My parents were pissed. They took the pills from me, and didn't come back in my room. I ended up passing out, woke up to my mom asking me if I'm okay yesterday morning. She got me some food, and had to help me walk to the bathroom because I couldn't walk on my own. I slept most of yesterday. I'm fine now, I guess. Horribly depressed and wanting to cut again, but there's no room on my arm and I'm not too fond of cutting anywhere else. I don't know why I did it. I didn't think I want to die, but I think maybe in the back of my head, I do. Everything kind of started in September. I ended September with finding out my boyfriend's best friend commit suicide, while I was on meth. I only knew she died but while I was coming down, I found out she actually jumped off of a parking garage here in town. This led me to being really suicidal, but I decided to make myself go to a hospital. I was being tormented with how I was going to tell my boyfriend and such. I wrote him a letter before I went in to the hospital. (He's currently in prison...) and I stayed there from October 3rd until October 11th. I checked myself out because I got frustrated and pissy every day. I don't know why I thought I'd be okay considering I've always hated hospitals, but I guess I wanted to get away while I was coming down. They put me on 50 MG of Zoloft and 200 MG of Tegratol. I hadn't been taking anything except for my Haldol shot every month before this because I swore I could do fine without mood stabilizers/anti-depressants. I swore I was gonna be clean when I went home also, but..yeah. Went home, stayed at home for a day but decided to go out on the 13th. I went to my friend's house and then shit hit me. I realized I was able to get drugs now, and I went nuts. Went to my other friend's while my friend I was staying with was at work. My friend bought some ecstasy, and so did I. Ecstasy is my absolute biggest weakness, so. I usually only take maybe 8 pills max. Well, this time I took about 20, maybe more. I took 10 but quite a few of them were doubles, so it's two pills in one. I was fine until I went back to my other friend's. My stomach started hurting pretty bad. Tried to take a shower to see if it'd help, it didn't. My stomach pain was starting to get to the point where I couldn't handle it, and I have a pretty high pain tolerance. My friend that I had taken the pills with was urging me to go to the ER. Sadly, my friend's mom that I was with was refusing to call an ambulance because of her drugs in the house and didn't have a car to take me. My friend that I was with walked me to the pool at the apartment complex and stayed with me while she called the ambulance and didn't leave me until she saw me gone. I ended up having a mild heart attack that night. Shit scared the fuck out of me, and I haven't done x since. Which, I absolutely fucking hate. I miss it so much. The meds started kicking in around the 15th and I was absolutely AMAZING. For the whole month of October, my family was so happy with me. They said I was like a totally different person. I had a normal sleep schedule. I was losing random weight. I was eating like I should. It was great. November came around. I ended up visiting my boyfriend's best friend's grave on the 1st like I usually did. I had went depressed this time though, my first bit of depression since the 15th, because I fought with my grandma. Something wasn't right though this time. My mom said I was in a trance when I got back into the car, and I didn't come out of it until she was already inside the grocery store. I started getting extremely suicidal. Hearing voices in my head telling me to kill myself. Called my grandpa, and everything was okay. I went home, and noticed my letters from my boyfriend were missing. I went batshit crazy. We couldn't find them, so I just gave up and started crying. (We actually found them recently, at our house next door, shoved behind the bathroom mirror...) My mom started going nuts about how his best friend "attached herself" to me, or she had this theory that whatever got her to kill herself was trying to attack me and that's why it didn't happen until I went there depressed. I ended up burning her pictures, and stopped visiting her grave after that. On November 3rd, I started panicking one night. I didn't have my letters to calm me down, and I noticed my cousin's knife was in my dresser still. I started playing with it, and shit went south and I cut up my arm for the first time since Jan 19th. I was fine after that. November 19th, cut my arm again. Was doing good and hadn't cut up until the 21st of this month. So, now I'm here, 4:00 AM, wishing I could somehow make everything magically better. I hate feeling like I'm disappointing my family. I wanna see them happy again, saying how good I'm doing. I wanna feel the way I did. Nothing is working though. Maybe it's the magicalness of having a good sleep schedule that I'm missing, I dunno. But, I'm taking my meds, they've been upped. I don't have suicidal urges, just passing thoughts, but those were always there even when I was happy. I doubt those will ever go away. I'm depressed, but it's not like...I'm able to function and stuff still, I'm just very sad while doing so. I feel so fucking lonely. I'm empty. I wish I had a friend I could talk to all day, every day. Long phone calls, shit like that is what I miss. My best friend comes over every week or so for a few days, and I'm perfectly happy when he's here, but when he's not... I get bad again. I wanna smoke weed every day again, but I'm starting to get drug tested in January so I'm fucked with that. I feel so much better with weed. Been getting worse since I stopped. I only get to talk to my boyfriend 20 minutes a day and see him through glass once a month. Didn't get to see him this month because of Christmas, and I have only seen him once, last month. I don't really talk to anyone else but him and my best friend. I'm just so miserable. I'm tired of being a burden on everyone. I'm tired of hurting. I'm tired of feeling ugly. I'm tired of being fat. I'm tired of just feeling like my life is meaningless. Fucked up thing is I feel prettier with the cuts on my arm. I feel noticed. I really need to stop though. It's just getting so addicting again. I don't really wanna die. I'd hurt my boyfriend and best friend more than anything ever could and I can't do that to them. I wanna live and get married and have babies and be a nurse like I'm going to school for but I'm in so much fucking mental pain and I just want it to stop. :(