Finally doing itIdk. Shits just getting too much to handle. Depression, OCD, and anxiety have taken over my life the past couple years. I’m a completely different person now...it’s crazy. I know for a fact I’ll be alone for the rest of my life. I know I’ll be working fast food for the rest of my life. Fuck this shit. My hands are constantly cracked and hurt like hell 24/7 no matter what I do. Intrusive thoughts all day everyday. My heart rates always above 100 because of how fucking anxious I am all the time for legit no reason at all. Then to add to all of that the only thing I’m motivated to do is SLEEP. Idek I’m surprised I haven’t killed myself yet. I get extremely depressed for weeks straight then I’ll have a couple good days, which is relieving. 

Anyways, my parents &amp; younger sister are going on vacation towards the end of August. I’ve went with them every year since I was a kid...but the last time I went was when I was 18 a couple years ago because I was just too busy. I’m planning on finally ending everything when they’re gone.  I never have the motivation to kill myself when I’m feeling suicidal, so hopefully when they’re gone I’ll have the motivation. This’ll probably be my last post on here. Thanks to everyone for listening to me vent&amp;talk about my life story lol. You all are special in your own ways. I know someone will probably try to tell me there’s people that care about me and that It’ll get better but let’s be honest. I’m a high school drop out, have been single since senior year, am probably only capable of having a shitty ass minimum wage job, and lost all my friends after high school due to the fact that I just stopped talking to people because I was depressed as fuck. I don’t want any pity or anything, I honestly don’t even want anyone to read this. I hate myself too much ,I don’t deserve any type of shit . The only thing i enjoy doing is getting fucked up by myself because at least then i forget about the reality of my life. Sorry if this doesn’t make any sense... I’m just so tiredof everything.:(