I can't distinguish real danger from paranoia anymoreIf you saw me on the street, I'm one of those people you might expect to be in the lucky margin of "have"s. Intelligent, attractive, white, male, early 20s. It's for all those reasons that I can't help but alienate everyone around me. I have no friends. I deleted my facebook because I had no reason to use it and I haven't received any phone calls or anything from anyone since. I feel emotionally flat because my expectations of other people is for them to hate me(this is usually accurate). Recently this apathy has morphed into a constant state of passive aggression. A family friend talked to me recently and said "I know it's hard because no one has ever really been there to look out for you." I live at home with my family: my older brother with aspergers who tortured me growing up, scarred my face, and never once defended me, and my mother who works 12 hour days to support us. My dad is an abusive asshole who made me, the less defective one, his favorite, which only added to my brother's hatred toward me. He separated from my mom when I was 5 and threatened my life when I was 17. I was glad to see him leave us. Growing up, my passion was acting and from ages 6 to 13 I took acting and improv classes. After reading The Catcher In The Rye at age 14, I realized that all actors are prostitutes and agents are pimps. Recently, I was confronted by my celebrity look alike and either I'm paranoid or acutely perceptive, and he's a satanist looking to recruit me. The immensity of it all makes me consider joining the devil worshippers. Either I live my life in anonymity and live with people staring at me because they think for a brief moment I'm him, or I make a name for myself while riding his coat tails, making shallow relationships and living under the sword of damocles. My friend committed suicide about a year ago- the guy was a literal genius:he memorized the gettysburg address in 1st grade, read neitzche in 3rd, Camus by 6th, etc. Since his death I've been asking myself again and again "was he right? what if every possible life path available to me from this point forward is shit?" All of you on here are going to do your best to convince me that there's more to life. Some of you've probably got kids and think that's a reason to stick around but that's the most selfish reason I've heard. "Daddy, why was I born?" "Well son, I saw into the eternal energy-sucking meaning void that is reality and thought 'Gee, if I had something to protect right now then behaviors hard-wired into my brain thanks to evolutionary biology might give me a reason to put off killing myself! Your turn!"