I Wasn't Meant To Live (M, 16)If there is a god out there, then he is a cruel god. When I was born I had a physical disability which included me being born with a crooked neck, and I had to wear a brace to even survive. That's right, less than a couple of hours of life and I already was biologically meant to die. The brace itself gave me another curse, for it had rubbed off the hair on the back of my head, leaving permanent bald spots that people see when I cut my hair. Heck, I tried getting a mohawk and it is still there.

Anyways, I always have been subject to adapting to differing customs and cultures multiple times now, and everytime I had to leave a country, lose all my friends that I had, and start over and learn a new language, be forever deemed a foreigner. (My family kept moving because my dad would always find a better place that pays more money for him to work with lasers and physics and whatnot) People might think it's nice moving to places, it's not, especially when you have to adapt to their customs. When I moved to America I spent my entire 5th grade year only accompanied by some ADHD kid that has now done more good for society than I have. The entire class was against me, I was subject to harassment and people ignoring me, and even the principal did not stop the onslaught. If I had known what suicide was, I would have done it now.

I moved to a new town, and at first, it was decent. At first. I feel like a complete loser now. All my friends do sports/extracurricular activities, have girlfriends, and have social lives. All that I have is myself, my parents who get mad at me for getting Bs on small assignment, and the internet. It's all I do, play videogames when I get home. I don't do sports because it's not worth it. I've tried before with Basketball (Twice, Basketball is my home countries' sport.) and failed my dad and was a weight on the team that didn't need it. Out of two season I only scored two points, and was almost always behind my competitive teammates.

I did compulsory HS Gym and felt a bit better, cause I started to get good at running, but not track-material. In fact, I'm nothing material. There's no point in me trying for any sports because I'm just a drag and don't exercise. Now I'm getting fat and have stretchmarks on my belly (Pretty sure those marks will be permanent) and all I want to do is play videogames, cause that's the only thing I'm good at. Don't give me that whole 'looks aren't really important' crap, because no girl would like to hang out with someone who plays videogames all day like me.

I mean, I can play the violin but I suck at it, planning to quit next year. Somehow managed to get to 1st violin section (2nd violins are infamous for being utter crap, and 1sts are the actual good players) but I was last chair. Yay. The only reason people know me is because my name is goddarn difficult to say.

I wish I could end it all, but I can't because I don't want to leave a scar on people's lives. Yet, I'm always thinking what would truly happen if I just dropped dead, and how to do it. Anyways, I know these generations before me wasted their time and energy on a creation like me, because I'm pretty much certain that I'm the end of the legacy.

I guess this is all I will say. For now. Hoping this 'blue' period doesn't turn into anything worse.