Can't stop thinking about suicideSo here's the situation:

Long distance girlfriend; have met before.

I'm her first boyfriend but she's not my first girlfriend. I used to be tappin' babes erry day before I decided to calm the fuck down and start treating women properly without using them for sex.

So this relationship is ongoing for a few years. We wait for ages to tell our parents etc because she's anxious about admitting she's in a LDR with some cunt from the internet and my parents are the same. I'm quite a bit older than she is but I care about my parent's opinion of my girlfriends so yeah.

Always been lovey-dovey with each other sending stupid texts 1000 times a day, sending indecent images and texts at night etc. She is the finest girl you've ever seen, seriously 10/10 skinny brunette. Amazing. Way out of my league.

So here's the first alarm bells; why does a 10/10 girl want to be with some douchebag? Being in to amateur psychology I assume it's because I took her virginity she has that bond with me that women tend to develop. More like she's infatuated with me rather than in love with me. It doesn't bother me though because hey ho I'm a retard and want to ride this shit to the ground.

So I ignore these signs and continue talking to her every day. She's clingy sometimes but I like clingy girls so I enjoy her messages.

I notice she gets busier and has less time to reply to me suddenly. I get annoyed with her after she just blatantly fucking ignores my texts for like a week and then basically doesn't even text me at all for one day, doesn't text me to say she's going out with friends, doesn't text me to say goodnight. Basically I hear fuck all from her for like a month.

Do I sound clingy? Probably, but if you had someone text you frequently, DAILY for over two years you'd start to get annoyed when they basically start ignoring you.

More annoying is that she never has time for me, but she has time to meet up with her other faggot friends 24 hours of the fucking day. Really nice, huh? Sound clingy? Well, 99% of her friends are guys whom she rejected.

So I can't contain my rage over this shit eaters after a while and I get pissed off telling her they only like her because she has a pair of [tits](http://i1.minus.com/ibgbIOyIwQPqXv.jpg).

"NO!" she protests, "I can have male friends if I like. They like me for who I am!"

I then ask her how many of these guys have expressed their love for you at some point?

Seven. Out of eight.

So why do these cuntfucks still hang to her ass like it's the last lifeboat on the Titanic? Because of her fucking personality, I bet.

So here comes the final piece of RAGE I encounter just not 20 minutes ago. This morning she signs in on Facebook at like 2pm or something. Apparently she had been "sleeping". I had to go work out at 3pm, so I told her. No reply. Big surprise, she just decides to fucking ignore me as always.

I go work out, a couple of hours later I come back. No texts, Facebook messages - anything. Whatever. She comes on Facebook about 20 minutes later and explains she couldn't text me because she left her phone at home, and she was out "walking" in the pitch black.

"With who?"

Oh, just her faggot guy friend who so fucking obviously wants to tap that.

The best part is how she didn't see any problem with this and when I said "If I ignored you and went on a moonlit stroll with a girl" she replied saying it's "not the same." What the fuck.

SO THAT'S THE FIRST THING PISSING ME THE FUCK OFF

"Why should your girlfriend make you want to kill yourself?" I hear you cry. Well, because:

    If she leaves me I will literally give up looking for a girlfriend. There is no fucking point. It will be the final nail in the coffin confirming all women are stupid whores who can't keep a fucking promise.

    I don't want to be that misogynistic prick but I'm a fucking ASS HAIR away from it.

    Every woman in my life has fucked me over and I have ridiculous trust issues like you wouldn't believe. I can't even make eye contact with my family when I talk to them.

    I have no education at all. I will be working retail/shit jobs for the rest of my life.

    I have the Midas Touch of shit. Everything I touch turns to shit. The only good thing in my life is my girlfriend. If she is gone I have NOTHING.

    I have 0 friends probably because I'm so fucking insufferable.

    Massive painkiller addiction making me stoned as shit forever.

    No motivation to do anything. I have a criminal record which means I can't get a job that pays above minimum wage no matter what.

So the only thing keeping me alive is my girlfriend; essentially an Iron fucking Lung. But she'd rather talk to some beta fucking manlet who doesn't even lift I guess because he's "SO NICE" or some shit and all I do is whine like a bitch.

Fucking fuck shit fuck etc.

tl;dr for lazy folk who don't want to read whatever shit I put: Girlfriend probably going to leave me, I deserve it; she's the only thing keeping me alive.

Shit I sound like such a douche I'd be surprised if anyone fucking wants to help me.