I hate being a lesbianI have pretty much known I was gay since I was little, but didn't really *know*. It is a long story. But I knew for sure around 15 years old. I am almost 21. 

I hate being a lesbian. Suicide is on my mind constantly and am going to take those steps. I hate being a lesbian more than anything. If I had to fix something about myself or life, I would give my arm to fix this. I have never been kissed, had a girlfriend or had sex. And I know I will never do any of those things. I can only fantasise. 

Only my sibling and maybe two friends know about my sexuality and I regret telling them. I won't ever come out of the closet. Or actually, I would come out if I ever get a girlfriend. But I know that's not going to happen. I will never tell anyone, it will die with me. I also have very homophobic parents, and I feel guilt everyday that I'm a failure to them, and I will disappoint them. 

I could go on and on about the reasons why. The dating pool is less than 2 percent. I'm not stereotypical in the slightest and am attracted to non stereotypical average women that you see everyday. Feeling isolated from every single person I know. Knowing most people will not accept me. So on and so forth. 

I'm very tired and drained. I have tried to accept it, or tell myself that it's fine. But it does not work. It is ingrained in my head that it is not OK and never will be. My future has basically been torn from me. Its a much scarier future. It's not really a future I even want. There is absolutely no reason why I should accept or even tolerate it and have no idea why or how other gay people do it. I can't see any benefits. I don't want to be my "true self" because I don't like it. It's just not it for me. I feel like I was born with the wrong mind, or this gayness was meant to go to someone else but instead hit me. I'm not equipped to deal with this.

I don't see any other option. And that's fine. Suicide is the answer for some people, maybe I finally just got lucky