My StoryI was born in the fall of '89 a bastard and the youngest of 4. Bought with a case of Coors and some chewing tobacco. My mother ended up marrying an abusive, drunk, meth addict. He would beat us, spit, golden shower, basically anything else you could imagine. We lived in a one bedroom trailer with 8 dogs, infested with cockroaches. Never had food. One day my sister got tired of it and went to the cops, we got taken away when I was 8 and thrust into foster care. My early years were spent jumping from home to home until one day I found out I'll not be going back with my mom. She chose the abuser and signed over her rights.

From there my life took a spiral, I started acting out to the point I had to go into a mental hospital at 12. Then it was group home after group home. Finally at 17 I got emancipated from the state. Becoming my own guardian. I first tried to find my mom, only to be disappointed that she didn't change and was still with said abuser. I was homeless, so were they. I couch hopped where I could. Did a lot of drugs to numb myself. I was alone, no one wanted to take me in. Why was I even alive? My birth dad was dead. My mother chose a piece of shit over me. I had no goals or future prospects. I was alone.

I decided to overdose on dramamine (motion sickness pills). I took two full vials. Ended up in jail, they found me disoriented and naked, unable to speak. They saved my life but I wasn't thankful.

I ended up getting released on an obstruction charge, time served. That night I was walking alone when I stopped by a tree and broke down. Letting 19 years of anger out at God at one time. That's when it all changed for me. Next thing I knew, I was on a bus headed to the other side of the country with no clue what I was doing. Then I met my wife. She convinced her mom to let me move in. I got a job, took care of the cleaning. Had my first child. Now I'm 29, with two kids, I've been married for 5 years and work as a caregiver for the disabled.

During the darkest of times there is always light. It just takes a while to find it. Keep your head up and hopefully this helps someone as it's hard to share such a personal story.