[Trigger Warning] Bad person, potential criminal, please help me do the right thingI wronged at least one person years ago, won't go into details but I think it amounted to a crime.  Went to go see the police myself a few months ago, they said it wasn't serious enough to look into any further, but it took a lot for me to explain what had happpened, and by the end I think I was downplaying my story at least subconsciously, if not consciously.

The officer recommended that I go see a therapist, which is good advice, except I'm not going to go see someone and be like "hello, can you help me feel less guilty about the bad thing I did and was never punished for?".

I have almost no ways to make amends for what I did, namely because I do not remember the person at all, not even their first name.  I am a coward and have told no one else the extent of it, for fear of judgment and to prevent my fate being put into the hands of others, as I am also a control freak.

Long story short, I quit my job last week, no one from my life knows.  I had intended to finally change things this weekend, either by taking my own life (I have the means in my apartment) or by putting all this stuff out in the open.  This is actually the second time that I quit a job in order to try to "change things".

Obviously I'm still here and haven't shared anything with anyone, but now I can't face anybody anymore, and have started to leave calls unanswered tonight.  I've had zero contact with anyone in my personal life since I quit my job, outside of declining some plans via text earlier today.  If it hasn't started already, my friends are probably worried and I do not want them to suffer but I cannot talk to them yet, because I can no longer pretend like everything is ok.  (It's not gotten to the point yet though where my phone is blowing up)

See my real problem is that I've never really taken responsibility for my actions in this life, I haven't really "integrated" with my social and emotional self.  It's way beyond introversion; at this moment it's like my mask is off, like I don't even exist in the world, because no one is here with me in my apartment.  I feel next to nothing. I don't think I'm evil, but my social behaviors and my mindset are unnacceptable, even if from within they might feel natural to me.  So overall, I feel like I'm constantly running a huge lie with my life, maintaining the best exterior appearance I can, in a way since early childhood.

Please help me do the right thing.  Right now I'm on an emotional low, so it's not likely that I'll commit suicide.  But it also means that I probably won't call the police, or the hospital, or whoever.  Which means that nothing will change, and tomorrow will be like today.  But in 20 minutes, maybe after another unanswered call, my state of mind might be completely different.

Part of me wishes that I would just get exposed, that all my thoughts and secrets would be out there for the world to see and judge.  And why I'm so scared of doing that myself, is because I'm afraid that I'll get to keep my life, but lose all the things that are worth living for in it.