My life is ruined and it’s my faultI might not graduate high school. I’m a smart kid; really, I am. But I’m just so goddamn lazy. I never did any work for my Gov class. Teacher let me turn in some extra assignments but I couldn’t get many of them done. Grades are due in 15 minutes and if I fucked up(which is most likely) I won’t graduate. I don’t know what I’ll do. My parents spent so much money to send me to a good school, we had to borrow money from some wealthy relatives too. I’ve thrown it all away. Ruined their lives as well. I can’t repeat senior year. I’ve never had to repeat a year before, but it’s more than that. I don’t know if I can physically do it. My reputation will be soiled. Not like many people cared about me anyway. And my teacher explicitly said that he was only allowing me to turn in extra work because he didn’t want my mom to go through this. My moms got issues, too. This will destroy her. And after I kill myself or run away after receiving the bad news, it will likely destroy her more, as well as the rest of my family, if they can ever be bothered to care. We’ve already invited family to come for graduation, and some of them have made plans to come down(the rest don’t care about me). What will we tell them? That I didn’t graduate because I’m a fucking imbecile? My life is ruined. Colleges won’t accept me now, and the one that did will have to rescind its acceptance. I wanted to be an author. A shit job, but it’s what I love. There’s nothing left for me now. Let this be a note that the American education system is fucked up. Even if this was my fault, fault still lies also in the school system. My grades never reflected my mastery or knowledge of the subject. But no one ever cared. No one ever fucking cared about me. I’ve let down everyone in my life. I’m sorry, everyone. Sorry for wasting 18 years of everyone’s time. Sorry for being the way I am. 

I won’t do anything just yet. I’ll wait until I know for sure I’ve failed senior year. I’ll update y’all, since I hope you at least care.