Concerned about an old friendHi. I am concerned about a high school friend and am looking for input. He and I went to a small high school together and were fairly close friends. We would regularly hang out in a group and occasionally one-on-one. He was a gregarious, athletic guy. No red flags that I can think of...

He went to a big state school and developed a substance abuse problem, eventually dropping out. I heard that he was having problems and hadn't spoken to him in a while, so another friend and I met with him for dinner. This is when he told me he thought he had spoken with God and now held some strange religious beliefs, including women not having souls. He intended to write a book to spread his prophecies. I distanced myself.

I hadn't heard from him until last year when he messaged me on Facebook to ask what I was up to. We had a short catch-up chat except as the conversation started to fizzle, he would keep asking "you there? are you there?" if I didn't respond in a few hours of him sending a message. I eventually stopped responding.

Recently, he messaged me again and initiated essentially the same conversation. Yet, it seemed as though he had forgotten our old conversation because he was asking all of the same questions as before, e.g., what school I was at and what I was studying. At the same time, another high school friend brought up the fact that he had been "liking" the pictures of people (on facebook) that he hadn't talked to since high school. Moreover, his Facebook wall was a series of seemingly random one or two letter words and phrases (that only he would "like"). One post might say "purple hat". The next might say "china." He has progressed to listing names of people we went to high school with on his wall and in various comments on popular videos. I messaged him and said that people were concerned and that I would talk to him once he had sought help for whatever was going on. He proceeded to send me a series of thumbs ups (like the little facebook thumbs up thing). I blocked him, but his listing of names has continued.

What do we do? My friends and I are concerned that he's lost his mind and may be planning to hurt himself or others. I can't see any other reason to simply be listing people on his wall. I'm considering notifying law enforcement, but am concerned this might exacerbate the issues he's having.

Thoughts, concerns, suggestions?