Dead man walking on the green mile.I wrote this 3 months ago in another suicide reddit that got shut down for some reason. I found this note somewhere and it is true today as then. Feel free to mock me, I'm not holding on anymore. 

I’m committing suicide. Theres no way around it, theres no talking me down. I almost killed myself 10 years ago while going to some bullshit college. I regret living, I regret that I didn’t just kill myself. I see the, “your life will improve’’ bullshit that people say, and its only gotten worse. If I had died then, my family would be 10 years closer to healing, they would say, “he had so much to live for.” Now, seeing me broken and collapsing, I think it would be a relief that I’m not suffering. Theres no, “he had so much potential.” They can see I’m just a waste, and they’d mourn, but I wish I hadn’t been so selfish to stay alive. 
I came back from an overrated music school knowing I’d never be successful or famous. Broken completely. I don’t even play music anymore because its not what it used to be. I spent 12 years playing an instrument, half my life at that point and it meant nothing. I’m not even going to connect the dots here, I’m just going to tell you: After years of working shitty retail jobs, I decided to join the military, I was going to go Special Forces (not saying which one). I trained like crazy and I was good at it and I had hope, I was scared but I had direction. I used my music training to help me prepare, spending years working on your weaknesses was something that I specialized in. 
And I got injured, badly. I’ve had a terrible leg injury for 4 years. It hasn’t healed. It might not ever. Physical therapy has barely helped. This injury cost me the opportunity of a lifetime, a job I could do, that I believed in. I’m not even good enough to die in combat. 
Instead, I’ve been exiled to work shitty minimum wage jobs, some retail, while being in excruciating pain. I almost killed myself working at a truck stop job where I was on my feet, (even though I told those idiots I couldn’t stand and had to have a sitting job). I was going to jump under the back wheels of a truck to end it. I should have, I think back and wish I had killed myself when it would have been easier. That was the same week that Robin Williams killed himself, and I was going to call the suicide hotline, but I didn’t want to bother them, I didn’t want to distract them from saving someone who was worth something. 
I quit after a week, and did even more damage to my legs. My mom convinced me to go back to school, which has been an absolute struggle. I’m a semester away from getting an associates degree (a fucking useless degree), and I can’t pass the math class. I struggled insanely through the first one, and this second course, (on the second day) I’m absolutely lost. They’re the basic math classes, nothing advanced. I’ve worked harder at school now than I did with music, (which I loved) and SF training (which I loved) and its been for useless college bullshit. I fucking despise school and I have to go other wise its poverty. I’m physically limited now, and I don’t want to do a trade, nor can I physically. 
I'm 32. I never pictured my life being like this, being this terrible. I worked harder than my friends and have nothing to show for it. I see them with careers they like and families… They played it safe, and they came out doing really well. My dreams died, and I regret not dying alongside them. Its just obvious. I don’t belong here, I never did. There was no possibility of me carving out a future for myself, this was always going to happen. 
I’m in so much pain, I’m just planning on slitting my throat. If I do 15 jumping jacks, my feet will be throbbing and I promise you I won’t feel my neck open. The only reason I haven’t killed myself is because I’m afraid I’ll botch it and live, and be unable to kill myself again. 


3 months later, tonight. Probably going to kill myself over the next couple of days. I don’t know how many second chances I need before I get the hint that I need to die. I keep trying to carry on and shit, and its all been for nothing. You can call me worthless or whatever, I agree with you, my best days are over and I will never see happiness. 
