Today I wrote my suicide note.Today is the day I decided I should be dead. Today is the day I decided to end the pain, the suffering, the hate. Today is the day I decided to set myself free. Maybe I decided today because I can't take all the judgement. Maybe it's from all the bulling I had to deal with all my life. Maybe it's from all the people who judged me, teased me, laughter at me for being different, and yelled at me for not being 'normal'. Maybe today is the day because of all the hatred in this world, the unfairness. Maybe I feel like I should be dead because people can't get passed their judgement of me. Maybe it's from all the hard times and realizing I had no one. No one who would listen. I didn't realize loneliness because I spoke out, and no one could hear me. I have no family, no friends, no one who really knows me. I have been left by people, disappointed, hurt, and destroyed. I wake up everyday wishing I had the strength to make it my last. I get dressed and go to work, where I am bullied and made fun of, management doesn't care, HR doesn't care, if they don't, who does? Do they understand their words and actions make me feel this way? Would they even notice if I was gone? Who would? I spend my entire life being bullied, I am sick of running from it. So today I decided today is the day I should be dead. People think depression is just being sad once in a while when bad things happen, but depression is being sad when everything in your life is going right. Depression is an illness that people look the other way. Why does no one care? People run and help people who have broken their bones and have to get help to fix them, but why don't people run to those who's brain's are broken? Why does our culture make people think I'm different because I don't feel the same. What is normal? Who defines what is normal? So yes, today is the day I decided I should be dead... But today is also the day I decided to get help. I am going to take a stand against bullying or at least try to not let it effect me. Maybe if I tell my story, I'll find that I'm not alone. So today is the day I decided I should start my life.. Hi, my name is Jacqueline. I am depressed and I feel alone. Can anyone hear me?