I’ve been wanting to kill myself since I was nine years old, and I should’ve done it years agoI think this sub has helped me live longer in the long run. And I’d like to thank everybody, dead or alive who has posted here


I’d love to tell everyone that I’ve had a horrible life - that I’ve been raped, beaten and tortured all my life, but that’s just not the case. I’ve had a much better life than most, and I almost feel guilty for feeling this way. But I do feel this way, and I can’t change that. There are so many people with horrible lives, who have been through things I cannot even begin to imagine or comprehend what they’ve been through. And that makes me feel worse, because I don’t have a right to feel the way I do. There are stronger, better people out there who suffer everyday, and I just exist 


I’ve felt this way since I was nine years old, when I first started to cut myself, and I’m now seventeen. There’s been good in my life, I can’t deny that, there’s people I love and care for in my life. I’ve had happy memories and good days all throughout my life, but as ungrateful as it sounds, they’re just not enough. 

I know I won’t amount to anything in my life, deep down I’ve always known it, but I’ve tried to bury it. It breaks my heart to see doctors and people with kids on here, people who have achieved something in life. I will never find love or a good job in my life, and I’ve accepted that. I don’t want to discredit these people, because I understand, I just want them to know it’ll be okay. They deserve to be happy, for all the good they bring to the world, and how sorely they’ll be missed. 

I’ve wasted my time and money on a worthless career path, I’ve cut off nearly anyone that cared for me at one point, and I’ve burned too many bridges to count. I look through the social media of others and see how happy they are, how much they enjoy their lives, and I wonder why I can’t be one of them. The hardest part about this will be how few people will even remember me once I’m gone. 

If I die tonight, I will miss out on absolutely nothing, and anything I was looking forward to will probably never happen.



Thank you for everything, I know I mean nothing to you, but I’m truly grateful for everyone here