M/26, I feel like everything in my life has just been moving from one cage to another.I'm posting this here because I keep drifting towards thoughts of suicide. I thought I was beyond all these thoughts, but recently they've resurfaced, and hard.

I feel trapped. And it's bizarre because, on an intellectual level I used to think to myself "There's no point in suicide, if shit's that bad than dropping everything and starting over is still a better option, worst that can happen is you fail, and since you were planning on dying anyway, what's the worst that can happen?"

But I guess that only works as far as the world will let one start over. I am not in crushing debt, but enough to keep me in place. I make enough that I can survive, but I'll be paying off my loans for years, and every month my credit card situation gets just a little bit more shitty.

I just, I want freedom. I'm a slave to the grind. I'm not interested in romance. I don't care about money. I just want to be able to pursue my art, my writing, and my spiritual practices (I'm buddhist). 

I hate my job for no reason other than it's not what I want to spend my time doing. The things I want to spend my time doing don't pay the bills. And I feel like I'm going to spend the rest of my life in this endless cycle of depression and taking one step forward and two steps back.

And the stress of it all is physically screwing me up. I get these episodes where I feel drunk. My body feels heavy, and my mind starts racing, my sight gets blurred. And I know it's psycho-semantic. That I do it to myself, but I keep coming back to that point.

I want to be free. I feel like we're all enslaved by society, and the systems made to keep us in place. To keep us providing. milking us. I can't not work a stable boring job because I have debt to pay for an overpriced education I felt forced into.

I don't want what other people want, so I'm constantly an outsider. I can be sociable. I'm well liked at work and amongst friends, but there's a disconnect. A divide that can't be bridged because money, sex, and love are 90% of their motivation for living, whereas those things don't matter at all to me. But I have to wear this mask to keep my job, to maintain my relationships.

Again. I just feel like I'm in a mental cage. A web of social and monetary control designed to keep me walking forward from one cage to another. All towards an end that I don't want.

And I keep coming back to how much easier it'd be to just put a gun to my temple. And have to keep stopping myself from thinking about stealing my roommates gun, or applying for my own. 

