Life quickly going down drain, too many plans and still no idea how to carry on and have a good quality of lifesorry for stream of consciousness. I am 23 diagnosed ASD (autism spectrum) currently in a job that requires a lot of social skills, a travel agent. I work with many different clients simultaneously which I struggle with as I cannot prioritise very well and also have ADHD. I work anywhere from 2-6 days a week depending on the availability of other people in my very small office. 

While I find the work interesting it is very intensive for me in that it is all based around constant calls to tour operators, calls to clients, meeting with clients in person, meetings with hotel managers etc. I am good with the emails and putting together particular packages and I like doing the research into countries but also it drains me so badly I can't do anything the rest of the week no matter if it's 2 days or 6 and thinking about going to work tomorrow genuinely makes me want to kill myself. 

The other week I came very close and completely snapped and was on autopilot was about to throw myself in front of a train just thinking "I am going to kill myself" like you might think "I'm hungry" and find yourself on the way to the fridge. I tend towards planning obsessively  in general so consciously  acting on a plan to kill myself is always on my mind too but now I’m starting to do dangerous things without even thinking about it. Any other areas of my life that need working on (trying to organise logistics of coming out and transition as I'm a gay transgender man and closeted to all but friends as my family areso I have to wait until after moving out to come out and transition, needing to be in therapy for my whole brain situation but would be useless to search before I moved as need someone to work with me long term, would need to save money for that also) fall to the wayside because all my energy is used up on my job I can't even practice simple self care (making food, hygiene, sleep) and feel miserable and bone achingly exhausted all of the time. A lot of brain fog and being unable to concentrate more than usual.   


I have to remain in this job in order to save up money to move out to have any hope of survival past 25 as well as to possibly transition privately while on NHS waiting lists (~1.5-2 years+) I was unemployed for over 6 months after dropping out until I fell into this job, they were desperate for someone. The pay is good but the lack of structure and the constant socialisation is overwhelming and seemingly impossible for me to manage, leading to bursting into tears during lunch breaks, disassociating through entire days, sometimes shutting down to the point my coworker tells me to go home. It's really taking a toll on my well-being and makes me doubt if I will ever be able to hold down a full-time job of any kind or be able to have a happy life post transition when it’s all so far away and I can barely get through the next couple of hours.

I have to stay in this job until I manage to find something more suitable (and trans friendly, or at least with a decent HR department to back me up)where I am planning to move to which also takes a lot of planning that I can't do when trying to focus on making it through another day. I have no idea what I would be suited to or what I would enjoy doing and don't have a degree or other qualifications but that's a whole other issue so it feels useless when I might just land myself a job that makes me feel the same as this one does because I don’t know what would be good for me. Latest I am aiming for is February of next year so that I will have spent a year at this job and it looks better for my CV if I stay on that long.  

I’m suicidal all the time now it’s unbearable  and unsustainable to continue like this and I’m sacred and lonely I make lots of plans for the future but they all seem so far away as to be useless and I can’t keep doing this it hurts too much and I just want to be able to sleep and not worry about things and get to be myself But I can’t 