The World Would Literally Be A Better Place Without MeWhen I was an infant, I had a serious illness that would have ended my life at no more than 1 year old. My dad told me the other day that he was sure I was going to die in my infancy.

My parents never trusted me as a child. I would go so far as to say that they hated me. Long story short, my school life wasn't the greatest and my brother abused me, but whenever I went to get help from my parents, they either ignored me or believed that I was lying to them. They denied the support most parents should give their 8 year olds, so in turn I think that they hated and resented me. 

My traumatic upbringing caused some emotional and mental issues. I am now very paranoid (the delusional kind, where I think the world in which I live is actually just a hallucination my brain caused, and that everyone in the world can see me and into my brain. I get afraid sometimes to take off my clothes to shower). I am also depressed, and I hate myself. People call me a good person, I get complimented all the time by people about my charismatic personality and intelligence. Teachers have called me 'a genius', and 'talented', ect. I hate myself so much that I can't take compliments, my brain immediately takes me to the idea that I'm undeserving of anything I'm given. My upbringing has taught me to be ashamed of all of my accomplishments.

But, unfortunately, I'm just lucky. I'm smart, funny, and I have a lot of friends. (I don't mean to rub it in, really. I look like such a complainer). I'm also 16, so I have potential. But the problem lies in that my friends would say that I'm incredibly accomplished, in the sense that I've developed positive personality traits and that I'm likeable. But I just hate myself so much that it doesn't even matter, all of this is something to be ashamed of to me. Why would I deserve anything I have?

I always knew that the way I'd die is by suicide in 14-19 years when I'd accomplished everything I want to do. My ambitions were once too strong to throw it all away as a teen. But, I've been doing a lot of thinking lately about my life, reflecting, contemplating...

I've realized that my entire existence has caused pain.

1. The pain within myself to fight off my personal demons; my mental state causes me so much grief.'
2. The pain I caused my parents, they had to raise a child they hated.
3. The pain I caused my parents when I was ill as an infant.

I've also caused pain in other ways, meaning I've hurt people, but everyone does.

If I died as an infant, then I wouldn't have had to cause my parents the pain of raising me. But out of that comes a new pain, the loss of their infant son. If I kill myself, then I cause them and many more people the pain of, again, dealing with the loss of a loved one. I know how much suicide has affected people, so I don't want to do that to someone. But, if I just let myself live, I cause myself the pain of having exist as a person I despise more than anything, and being strained and uncomfortable in my mental state.

The world literally would be a better place, a world with less pain, if I was never conceived. 

This existentialism has erased the personal ambition that I mentioned was keeping me going earlier. The only thing now that's keeping me away from trying is the pain idea I just outlined. But I think I've been selfless long enough by existing. I started laying out a solid plan today, I'd say I'd be less than a year away from killing myself if I let go of the pain idea. The only thing standing on the path to my demise at that point would just be working up the courage...