Really debating shooting myself this evening.My life sucks.  It has sucked, it continues to suck, and in all likelihood it's going to continue right on sucking. I'm used to life pissing on me with out the courtesy of calling it rain but I think my newest problem may just be the one to get me to say fuck it. Black mold. My apartment had a water leak that wasn't caught until it caused a serious black mold problem. Finding out was actually good because it had unknowingly been the cause of a lot of health problems for me. Landlord says a dehumidifier will fix it... which it obviously doesn't.  The problem is I had nowhere to go. I didn't 't have the savings to move into a new place. I have no family. So I just had to grit my teeth and stay there until I saved up enough to move. The problem is living there fucking hurts.  I can't sleep there for more that 3 hours (but have nowhere else to sleep), in the morning my chest hurts, I have this constant brain fog, get continual headaches and my eyes burn. I'm exhausted.  I saved up enough money to get a new place, it looked nice enough didn't see any problems. I leased ut and turned on the utilities. It was a duplex. I had about half my things moved in before the AC broke. Landlord said he'd send someone to fix it. I had to work and still had the apartment so I didn't see the big deal. 2 days later it's still not fixed. So this is 3 days in, I've barely been there because of work, and the place being in tolerably hot. I finally get a day off and open up the door to the AC unit. roaches. .. everywhere. Peice of shit landlord knew about it and tried to hide it. So the choice was to stay at a place that makes me sick, or a roach infested hotbox.... I've chosen to stay in the apartment.  Today I took a vacation day from work to move my shit out of the duplex. I'll be able to afford another place in a few weeks, but I'm just so fucking tired, and just want to not feel like shit anymore. Honestly just ending it now seems like a better idea then just struggling to keep going. I've been telling myself it will get better for years. it never gets better.  For every step forward I go it's 2 back. Usually I'm pretty good at rolling with the punches, but I just feel so bad.