Just been in a really dark place lately.Okay so about a year and a half ago I lost the love of my life, we'll call her Sarah. She left me due to conflicts between me and her father.  I'm a gentleman and was always the perfect boyfriend to her, but he couldn't see past my tattoos and piercings and made her choose between the two of us. Once he knew that she might choose me, he packed up all of their stuff and moved 500 miles away.  She promised once she finished getting her education we would be together but she has forgotten about me and fallen in love with another guy.  I can't even look at another woman now without mentally listing everything that was better about Sarah than them.  I went from being a smart, charming guy to being a mess. I abused drugs pretty bad for the first year we were broken up (ecstacy, alcohol, cocaine, LSD, klonopin, xanax etc..) and eventually got so bad I ended up kicked out of my fathers house.  I cleaned my act up and got myself a good job in hopes of impressing Sarah so that maybe one day I could have her back again.  When I messaged her on facebook about the good news she told me about how she is in love with this new guy and we will never be together. And so the downward spiral continues. After that heart-wrenching conversation all I could do is beat myself up for being immature and relying on drugs instead of bettering myself from the start.  I now spend about $900 a month on alcohol, weed and various other recreational drugs that make me feel good until they're gone and I'm broke.  Then the depressing reality that I'm alone and broke until my next paycheck (every two weeks) sets in. I used to be happy and now I can't even pretend to be.  I thought I'd be okay after all this time but I'm far from it.  Plenty of girls have tried talking to me, I've even gone out on dates but I just can't even imagine feeling the way I felt about Sarah.  
On top of all of this, my inexcusable behavior and ways of coping have caused me to lose most of my friends. I have nobody to talk to and am slowly starting to think I'll never be happy again.  The drug use has really done damage to my brain. I have a hard time remembering things and I can't concentrate as well as before. I used to be very bright, now I feel as if I have ruined any chance of me getting over her because I will never be the way I was before.  Nobody understands me and if I even bring Sarah up, they flip out about how long its been since we broke up. I'm not the kind to intentionally commit suicide but I do believe that my use of alcohol and drugs will eventually kill me, or lead me to maybe do something dumb. I used to think about my funeral and how many people would be there. Now sadly, if I died, I feel as though there would be maybe 5 people there. 
I don't know if anyone is going to read this, but maybe someone will. I have nobody to talk to and this is the closest thing to venting that I have. So if you read this, thank you for at least hearing my story.