Not sure where to go from here.This is my first time posting in this thread. I'm sure a lot of you have read/posted stories like this before so stick with me please.

I've had a long history of abuse and depression/suicide runs in my family big time. Parents died when I was a teenager (fought to live completely on my own since then) and I've been struggling with finding hope to keep going day after day and lately it's been getting almost impossible for me. I'll try to keep it brief:

I was mostly completely fine last March. I lived in another state, had friends, shitty job but people liked me and I liked the work. I moved to Seattle because my boyfriend got a great job and we decided to move in together. Shacking up was good, moving was not. I worked at a job where I could make no friends at all and routinely walked into gossip-y conversations about myself. My coworkers would actively shame me in front of my manager and sharply rebuff my attempts at casual conversation or jokes. Hit me hard. I would work and could literally FEEL how much they hated me in everything I did and said. I think the worst part is I had no idea why and would come home and cry day after day. It's hard to be disliked when you're just trying to get by with a smile and a hello.

Fast forward to a week ago when my manager calls me into her office. Starts berating me about how poor my performance is. How slow I am and how disappointing I am to the team. Doesn't mention that I come in early and stay late. Work through my lunches and only take one ten to eat whatever I can. Mid sentence as she's continuing to tell me how bad I am at my job I break and cut her off. Tell her I resign and say it's my two weeks notice. I thought it was a good idea at the time but now I'm regretting it.

I have a week left to line up another job and I've got nothing. It doesn't help that I don't have a car or license so my options are extremely limited. I've been homeless before so I'm really panicking big time. We can't afford our apartment on my boyfriend's salary alone and with my history of trauma I've given up. Mostly thinking what's the point of carrying on when I'm right back at being penniless just like I was after my parent's death. I don't have a family and everything I had before I moved is long gone. I just... I guess I don't know what to do. Any help in getting somewhere from where I am would be appreciated.

TL;DR: Quit a job I hated and hated me but can't find another. Too tired to keep fighting. Need help.