Sixty-SixSixty-Six

I’m not sure if I get depressed every November/December, but I know I was last year. This year? Same. It’s something different every time. A different catalyst every time I at least. The same background issues are always there and just seem to compound whatever the depressive or overwhelming issue is of late.

I have thought a lot about dying. Ceasing to exist. Just about every day for the last three weeks. Every day that goes by only makes it worse. Painfully, I’m trying my best to confront these revolving, every-present problems of family, self-worth, and love.

What has gotten me started on this depressive train lately is this girl I really like. She’s gorgeous and fun to be around. We have similar interests and we match each other’s references. She’s a co-worker of mine as well. Rather convenient (or is it just lazy of me?). Oh and she likes me too...but she has a boyfriend...and that boyfriend was recently hired to work for us.

She’s been unhappy with him for a while so she tells me. To the stark contrast, she is always smiling and laughing with me, and when we hang out at my apartment, she’s super attached to me. We haven’t *done* anything yet. She hasn’t literally cheated on her current boyfriend yet. I do feel that our interactions and mutual feelings warrant the term “cheating,” but we haven’t gotten “physical” yet so I guess it’s okay...only it’s really not. It’s been emotionally excruciating for me. Girl of my dreams...is with someone else, but she also likes me. It’s a nightmare.

She says she has a habit of waiting too long to breakup with someone. She says even with the times are bad, they’re at least predictable. She doesn’t like change. And she *really* likes to cuddle. She has cuddled with me on my loveseat on multiple occasions and in my bed when we went to sleep one night (no we didn’t have sex - it was super late and we were both tired). This shouldn’t be too surprising if you know her. She has said that she really likes to cuddle and that her pets can only satisfy that to an extent. Basically, I’m her in-between cuddler. We talk a lot when she’s over. She does most of the talking though, and that’s fine because I love listening to her.

During these last few weeks when these interactions started, I have enjoyed them but have stayed confused for most of the days. I guess I’m sidelined. Her resistance to change seems to keep her with her current boyfriend. I just overheard them talking about their Thanksgiving travel plans. They’re riding up together to spend the holiday with her family. Obviously, their relationship seems to have stabilized. Where does that leave me? And she still wants to hang out one-on-one. It’s torture. I’ve come to the realization that she may never leave him. By the time she’s single, she may have gone off to another company. I have tried to accept that and move on myself, but every time she looks at me she ropes me back in with those magnetic green eyes.

It’s daunting. I’ve brushed up with suicide twice now in the last three weeks. I’ve had thoughts way more often than that but only twice thinking on it hard. The first of the two times was before midnight on November 3, 2018 into the wee hours of the 4th. I had this powerful force on my soul at the time. I was confused and flustered. I just started writing my thoughts down on paper, literally. I guess I was trying to talk myself out of doing something stupid. A little like I’m doing now. Today is November 19th, 2018. It’s the second of my darkest days of these last three weeks.

I’ve had a moment of clarity though that may save me. An old friend and previous coworker called me out of the blue thirty minutes prior to writing this. He just wanted to catch up. We eventually landed on the subject of this girl. He told me how wrong she was for me, but the most important thing he rang home to me was that I’m being used. She may not be doing it consciously, but she is honestly using me. When she isn’t hanging with her boyfriend, she doesn’t like to be alone. She has told me this. It makes sense now why she likes to cuddle with me while we watch movies at my apartment. I’m like her pretend boyfriend without any of the relationship nonsense or sex. Am I her binky? That answer would be more clear if she didn’t like me, but we like each other so I guess it’s more of a *complicated* binky.

I might be able to move on if I champion the thought that while she also likes me, I’m being used by her whenever she’s bored or without her boyfriend. It sort of makes me angry, but I still enjoy our times together. My heart still skips a beat when we interact, especially when she cuddles on me like my cat does...all balled up and cozy.

All this being said, I don’t want any of it to be true. I just want to be with her. That’s the other half of me talking. I get lost in her eyes...in her smile. All the while, I’m dead inside. What am I supposed to do here? I’ve watched the signs as they have come in. They all point to her. But why? Why are the cosmic signs pointing to her if she may never be available. I don’t get it.

There’s a number that has been following me around since kindergarten. We all had a cubby in my kindergarten class where we’d keep our stuff. They were all numbered. My cubby number? 66. Like Route 66. I see that number everywhere now. There have been surreal moments all throughout my life where 66 was involved. Too often to be a coincidence. 66 is just the latest sign to point to her. Why? I overheard a phone call she was having with our boss. She was trying to get her work login information verified for another branch’s intranet. Her password? CSR66. The damn 66 number is back. It won’t stop. It’s fine though. I haven’t seen a cosmic 66 event in a while. This happenstance is of course surrounding this girl. But why does the universe keep showing me signs around her? Are we meant to be together, or is she supposed to represent something else for me? The questions remain. Obviously I don’t have the answer. But I have far-deeper set problems in my life than this complicated situation with the girl.

Maybe I’ll actually give her an ultimatum. Basically that I can’t hang out with her ever again while until she leaves her boyfriend. It’s too much emotional strain and stress on me. It’s not fair to me, and I feel like I’m being used in the process. I’m already like *The Giving Tree* by me trying to other people’s problems only to make my life worse in the process. I do it for free because I like helping people. When someone needs help, I try to fix it. If they’re going through some stuff, I’ll hear them out. I’m more motivated to fix other people. Maybe I think I’m too broken to repair. I just want to love and be loved but on a romantic, intimate level. More than this friendly brotherly/sister love that I give and receive to most people already. I want to be in love with a woman. I’m not ready for a family yet, but I want her. The girl I was talking about. I think it’s her I want to be with. The timing isn’t right I know, but the signs keep pointing to her. I want to hold on and give her and myself a shot at love.

Family is a big problem with me. I love my family. But it’s a broken family. My dad has basically disowned my brother and sister. I’m the only child left who he hasn’t forgotten. I’m the only neutral party remaining. All of it started because of my dad’s strange husband. His husband is super judgmental and hateful and one of the biggest hypocrites I know. The long short of it was that my sister was saying some stuff about my dad’s husband being a gold digger. Word got back to my dad, and he made her move out with her newborn child almost immediately. He won’t speak to her. He had already disowned my brother long before that, but my brother has a tendency to fly off the handle and burn bridges in the process so he kind of brought that upon himself.

One of my biggest fears is that my dad’s grudge against my sister will never resolve. I know my dad. He’s stubborn. I’m just like him in that respect. I’m stubborn once I get set in certain state of mind.

I don’t like my dad’s husband because of what he’s wrought upon my family. He’s fake and hateful. But I’m terrified of losing my dad like my siblings did. That’s why I have to also be fake. To keep the peace and remain in good graces with my dad.

I have to be prepared to lose my dad if I ever tell him the truth. He doesn’t realize the kind of monster he has become over the course of his relationship with his now husband. He’s barely the shell of what used to be my dad. My dad used to be my best friend. We did everything together. Even when he came out as gay, his first official boyfriend was awesome. Everyone like his boyfriend. Even my mom liked him. But that ended .He me this now husband and the rest was history. The dominoes fell along and my family fell apart.

How can you turn your back against your flesh and blood?! This issue...is the root of all my depression over the last 3 or 4 years. Always sitting in the background killing me slowly. Ironic that I may be done talking about my family issue already. Honestly, I could talk for days about this shit, but I don’t have the energy to. It’s too complex.

So this chaos of love and a broken family really hammer down my self-worth. I don’t really know what I’m doing these days. I’m just working to pay bills and feed myself with whatever I want. I’m not saving up for anything. I’m not investing in anything. I’m just...doing. I find distraction with video games and movies, but that’s about it. My Crohn’s is improving drastically, but I’m still a whale so does it even matter?

My work life is hectic aside from the romantic confusion crap. We’re rapidly expanding so my workload is overwhelming. I haven’t actually had a day off in a several weeks. It’s wearing me down. It makes ending it all seem so desirable. Go on vacation you say? I don’t have paid time off or any savings. Any time I take off is money I’m not earning. I would have to make up the hours, but that’s not always possible. Basically, I have to lose money if I want to relax.

If I was dead, I wouldn’t have to worry about these problems. But then again, if I end it, I would be able to see the conclusion of Infinity War with Avengers 4. That sounds petty I know, but it’s really one of the only things keeping me from killing myself. Infinity War. That movie affected me on so many levels. I watch it at least once every other week. I even watch audience reaction videos so I can relive certain moments for the first time vicariously through those reactions. My coworkers laugh when I tell them that, but I don’t expect them to understand.

There will always be more positives for living on than the negatives for ending it. But anyone who has gone through this shit knows it only takes one really strong negative to act on it. And as of now, I have three *really* strong negatives. Memories have held me to the surface. Music has held me to the surface. I almost killed myself on November 3rd/4th (it was in-between midnight sort of). I almost did today. See, I’ve already put it in the past tense. I’m still talking about all this shit, but I guess I’ve already decided to live another day. I’m at a point, though, where I will allow myself to die given the chance. If I’m in a car accident and just need to “hold on” a little longer to survive, I’ll probably just let go. I’m not strong enough yet (or cowardly enough yet) to kill myself, but I’m weak enough that I’m more than willing to let go if I’m near death.

I guess I’m signing off for now. November 19, 2018. Another day lived through. The Winter holidays will eventually kill me but not today apparently. Going to go look for some more signs again. Maybe find more meaning and more than just Avengers 4 to press on to. Godspeed everybody.

Yours,

AnonymousWOAT