So, I'm going to a clinic in a few hours......I just want some help with my depression and anxiety.

Problem is, obviously, I've been suicidal for the last, erm, 20 years... maybe more... I've sought help before, but it didn't really work.  I'm not sure why exactly, but I certainly won't rule out my inability to follow through, but at the same time, the pill pushing was quite, well, extravagant, to say the least.

...and, while some of it worked (the pills did help somewhat), truth be told, I'd rather feel *some* feelings than none at all (which is what Remeron (sp?) did to me), even if they are often horrid.

Anyway, I just want to get closer to normal, and I want to be there for my SO (the idea of killing myself, while quite comforting as always, knots my stomach up something fierce... especially when I think about how awful it would be for them--in the short term--and how I just don't want to do this).  Things are good.  Things are *really* good.  Any problems we have are certainly small (job issues for me, but I have something to fall back on if I can't get anything in this town... and perhaps a bit too much faith in the bottle.  I won't make any excuses there, except to say that I probably have some psychological dependence as a result of self-medication), and I *know* that the terrible things are just in my head.

So, this is why I am going to a clinic.  I want to give it another try.  I'd like to at least give these demons a bit of rest, and hope I'll realise that, while they may seem insurmountable now, they are, in the end, obstacles I can live with, and with luck, perhaps even cross (though I don't think that last part is happening... but a modicum of peace and normality would still be quite welcome).

Anyway, apologies for the sob story.  I'll get right to it.  The main piece of advice I'd like to ask for is, when I'm at the clinic, what do I say?  ...what do I do? ...and more importantly, how do I know that the person I'm talking to can help, or lead me to someone that can?

I just want to give this a good shot.  I don't expect everything to be okay.  I don't expect sudden changes.  I don't, well, I don't expect anything.  I just expect that trying will help this time, even if it didn't before.

At worst, if it doesn't, I can at least, even if it's only to myself, say I tried.