I never wanted to die, until I realized I had nothing to live for anymore.I’m 37, with 2 boys, one is 20 the and baby of his own and the other is 13. I’m 10+years into my 2nd marriage. I don’t want to do this anymore. One person can look into the beautiful glass house and say my life is perfect, and visually it is, but behind the curtain it’s anything but. I’ve been gaslit into sacrificed my own mental health for my spouse and eldest child whom are both certifiable narcissists and I am so emotionally spent I don’t have the strength to pull myself out of it. Everyday for the last 3 years I’ve woken up in physical pain, like I’m coming down with the flu. I’ve lost/gained weight, I have spells were I can’t sleep at night, or I’ll sleep for days so I don’t have to face anything. I had hope until recently, when my youngest son was still living with me. He decided he wanted to live with his dad though and I couldn’t even bring myself to beg him to stay. What kind of person puts their burdens on their child’s shoulders?! I know he’s never coming back. My eldest son had a baby in February and due to Covid I was stuck on lock down and couldn’t travel for 3 weeks and then once I was able to they didn’t want me to meet my granddaughter. I was the absolute last person to meet her anyways. It’s a long story but to shorten it up, he stood me up on 3 different occasions and promised he’d spend a weekend so I could meet her and bond a little bit and when the time came they barely spent 5 hours with me over 4 days in town. It broken my heart naturally, but I kept my mouth shut. Unfortunately I couldn’t hide the sadness on my face and it upset him and his girlfriend. They screamed at me, called me selfish and ungrateful they had other plans and didn’t even want to allow me to see her. I’ll never measure to her family since that’s whom they live with. They’ve cut off all communication and I haven’t even seen a picture since Father’s Day. I tried at first to apologize, but I didn’t ask them for anything so I don’t even know what I’m supposed to be apologizing for so I stopped. I don’t hear from either of my sons now. They’ve always been my light even when I thought the world was hopeless, they always give me a reason to push through. I’m lost without them. I’m in total darkness. My spouse is no friend. I don’t even know him anymore. He’s a master manipulator and no matter how many times I’ve tried to leave before he’s always managed to scare or suck me back in just to inflict the maximum amount of pain and anguish on me. I don’t blame my children for not wanting to be here or around him. It’s my burden to deal with. I made this bed I’m going to die in they shouldn’t have to suffer for my bad choices.

Someone once held a mirror up to my face and told me about myself and the cruelty of the words they used have never left me. As bad as it hurt coming from this person, they weren’t wrong. They told me I was trash and that’s why my father didn’t want me, and why my mother abandoned me. It’s because I am trash my family didn’t love me. They told me eventually my kids would come to realize it and they’d discard me too and that I’m I going to die alone. No matter how you dress it up, trash is trash and nobody loves trash. Nobody respects trash. You use it to benefit yourself and once it no longer benefits your needs you dispose of it!

They weren’t wrong. I’m an empty shell of my former self. I hate myself just as much as they all hate me too. I have nothing to show for 37 years nor do I have any legacy to leave behind. I’ve never came close to measuring up to their unattainable expectations. Now, I don’t have anything left to give anyone let alone myself so I am useless. Why didn’t I reach out before it got this bad? Because there was nobody to reach out to. It’s been months since I’ve seen anyone, heard a friendly voice, and txts barely get replies. How do you even broach this subject? The weight of this amount of trauma and pain is so hard for me to live with how do you unload that burden onto somebody else? Doesn’t everyone struggle? Doesn’t everyone have their own shit to deal with? I am barely noticed now. It doesn’t seem like anyone would be losing much. I’m not even present in my own life as it is. My letters are written now, my plan is all laid out. I never wanted to die... until I realized I had nothing to live for anymore.