I don't think I can do this much longerForgive me for how cliched this story might be.

My girlfriend of three years dumped me eight months back for the reason that she no longer loved me.  She's been the only person I've ever cared about outside of my family, and I haven't been able to take the breakup with the strength I thought I would.  People break up, they go their separate ways, and meet someone new.  But I just can't stop thinking about her and all we had.  Those times were some of the happiest I've ever been.  And now she's seeing someone new and I can't stop the thoughts.  What could I have done better?  Am I unlovable?  Is he a better man than me? The thought of them being in bed together makes me physically ill.  I don't know what to do with this.

And then there's me.  I'm 30.  I'm balding.  I'm of small stature and dislike how I look.  I have nothing of physical or mental worth.  My life has gone nowhere and I've achieved nothing of note.  I was the geeky smart kid growing up, and it's other family members that have gone on to get further education.  I live at home because I don't make enough money to move out and pay off loans.  And although I'm grateful to my parents for letting me stay here, I find them very difficult to live with between one parent that spouts political rhetoric and is emotionally distant and another I've slowly lost trust in due to their penchant for gossip and manipulating others.  I feel like an embarrassment.

I work at a job that an acquaintance helped me get, and that same person has turned into a dictatorial nightmare.  They've made it clear that I am and will remain under their thumb for as long as they work there.  The thing is though, this job is far above anything that would and will come my way in the future.  It doesn't even pay all that well but I see it as something I don't even deserve and will never find work like this again.  I feel trapped here but have a feeling that life will only get worse if I quit.

I have no sense of direction on where to go in life, or what to do with myself.  I've always wanted a mentor but I'm pretty sure that at some point I became that ugly kid that no one wants anything to do with.  I can't make heads or tails of finding a career path I'm decent at and don't entirely hate and I know this indecisiveness will only make matters worse.  I see my future as a string of progressively worse jobs, barely making ends meet, maybe living in dingy apartments, without the slightest hope for friendship or love.  I hate myself.

I don't think my life can go on much longer like this.  The above issues may seem comic in how commonplace they are but I feel my life is growing dim. The thought of killing myself and how I'll do it has almost become a mantra that I use to get through the day and helps me find sleep.  Those thoughts are starting to feel more and more conciliatory and I find myself idly considering what steps to take and when and where to follow through with it.  It feels like I'm nearing the end but here I am, hoping that someone sees the silver lining that I don't, and wondering if there's a way back to the functional life I once knew.

I appreciate all thoughts you have to offer. Thank you for reading this.
