i keep disconnecting from people and it makes me sickso this is my (F20) very first reddit post and i’m sorry in advance bc my english isn’t perfect. i‘m not exactly suicidal, have that behind me already since i realized that i‘m too cowardly to kill myself anyway. i just feel extremely apathetic and tired of being alive. energy level is running pretty low all the time for years now. i’m also struggling with severe depression which started when i was around 10 or something. there were many things that went wrong since childhood. i tried so many things over the last couple years like therapies and stuff but i managed improving my lifestyle mostly by myself, i don‘t have a hard time leaving my apartment and seeing people regularly anymore, i take my vitamins, eat healthy, drink a lot of water, exercise, take much more time for my passions etc. i guess for the people around me i seem kinda light-hearted most of the time bc i‘m usually laughing about everything, joking around and being super laid-back outwardly. i‘ve got everything i need and cut out all the toxic people over the past few years, only got friends and family members around me who are really caring and supportive. all in all i should say i‘m relatively doing well for the first time in my life. but despite the fact that i‘m so exhausted 24/7 without any particular reason, i can also feel myself disconnecting from everyone more and more. i’m experiencing this as long as i can remember and it‘s always been increasing as time flies by but currently it’s insanely overpowering and slowly taking my will to live. i’m so lost. i don’t feel any significant emotion towards others anymore like i’m completely dead inside. i’ve always had the feeling that every interpersonally relationship in my life was kind of trivial no matter how intimate it probably got, but now i really feel like a ghost wandering around and nobody actually can see me. i know that people connect with me but i‘m not able to connect with anyone. like i said i’m not suicidal atm but every time i go out i think if i’d accidentally die or whatever it would be fine bc there’s nothing left here for me. i sure am kinda lonely even though i enjoy being alone, i just wish i could have someone in my life who i can really get close to and connect with since i‘ve never had that for real. it’s a heavy burden for me and after 20 years of that shit i don‘t know what to do anymore. thanks for reading it all.