I Just Don't Know.I'm coming here after a long debate with myself about whether or not I should end my life. I'm still not sure, I realize it's something I need to be absolutely sure about.

2020 has been a rough year for a lot of people. For me it wasn't really any worse than 2019, 2018, 2017, or 2016. I mean it has been stressful and heart breaking being a critical care nurse during a pandemic. My career used to be the only place I found any joy. There's just too much death now.

I'm a travel nurse and found out today that the hospital I am at will not be vaccinating contract employees for COVID. I work on a covid unit. I've lost faith in my country and my profession.

It's been 4 years since my divorce. I've only dated one person since. It's been 3 years since I've had any intimacy or physical comfort. My friends are all married with kids. They've long since moved on.

Before covid I was working on emigrating to Australia. This week I found out that will continue to be impossible for the foreseeable future thanks to how poorly this country managed the pandemic. I can barely get a response, much less any traction.

Every day is painful. I was in a severe auto accident in 2008 that left me with chronic joint pain and a bad limp. Most days I can barely walk without absolute agony. Now with covid I'm working 48-60 hours a week, each shift non-stop running. I don't think my knee is going to hold up much longer.

Im just so tired. It feels like ending my life really is the only way for this pain to end.

So I've prepared my plan. I have everything I need. I've rigged a cpap mask so I can fit it to a nitrogen tank. On top of that I've set aside a thousand units of fast and long acting insulin. I've written out my last words and set up time delayed emails to the few people who'll care. I'll take some atarax, dump the insulin into me, and hook up the cpap mask before I get too lethargic.

But I want to be debt free first. It's the last reason I put it off. I want my death to be clean and neat. No loose ends, no messes. Just one less asshole.

Is it wrong to want to die?