whats the pointIm not going to kill myself. I just wish i was dead. 

Theres nothing here for me. Im not needed. I create more problems than i solve. Sometimes i scare myself with how little regard towards my own life. I dont look both ways before crossing the street. Because i dont care. I dont care if i die. If anything, i want it to happen. 

Dont worry. Im not going to actually do anything about it. At least not yet. Thats the thing: for now im not going to kill myself, even if i want to. But i dont know how long that will last. I mean, what am i waiting for? 3 more years of stress and school and emotionless sex that makes me realize how truly empty i am inside? Months of eight hour shifts of mind numbing grocery scanning for minimum wage? More failures, more disappointments, more wanting to kill myself but not having the balls to do it? For now i wont do it. I wont drive off the bridge or drink a bottle of bleach. But the future? Im not so sure.

Dont get me wrong. I know i could have it worse. A lot worse. But that doesnt change anything. I still wake up in a body that feels separate from my mind, a body i hate with each coming day. I feel like im outside of myself, watching a lifeless body repeat the same mundane tasks over and over again. 

I was driving home alone last week, for therapy, ironically enough. As i was going over the delaware memorial bridge, passing over into the lane closest to the edge. I looked at the water, thousands of feet below me, death glancing in my directing, within my reach with just one jerk of the wheel. I wasnt afraid by this. In fact, i was tempted. The thought of plowing off the bridge, nothing but the waters impact and the car’s airbags witnessing my last moments, it calmed me. Knowing that with one sudden motion, one twist of the wrist, i would stop it. The pain, the boredom, the constant feeling that i am the utmost disappointment to everyone in my life. In a matter of seconds, i could be clean. It would be over. A sleep from which i would never awake. Something i have longed for for such time. 

Ive never felt good enough. Enough for others, my family, myself. And it seems, whenever i start to believe otherwise, like maybe I do have worth or a purpose or a meaning for being alive, something happens to bring me right back down. As if its the universe telling me “dont be stupid, you are worthless. Always have been, always will be.” and for the latter, i would prefer not to live long enough to find out.

I spend a lot of tim thinking about how id do it. Which way woud be quickest, easiest, and involves less people. I dont have a gun. Bleach and nooses are elongated pain. Running into highway traffic affects the other driver. I guess thats what makes the human body as complex and impressive as it is. It doesnt go down without a fight. Youll most likely throw up pills before thye kill you. Your body will reject the bleach for hours of agonizing pain, with no guaruntee of an absolute end. I know it sounds like i did my research. Thats because i did. 

If it wasnt for aaron and my parents, i would have sucked it up and pulled the plug a long time. Theyre the only people i cant justify killing myself to. Everyone else, the is an explaination. For friends, i was never the first choice anyway. Besides, theyve got other friends to make up for it. Im not that important. To my siblings, sure it would be terrible, but theyve never liked me much anyway. And the have eachother to lean on. And hey, thats all theyve done even when i am here. 

But aaron. My best friend. My soulmate. I think romantic soulmates are bullshit. But friend soulmates, i know thats a thing. Because he is mine. He is my person, the only person ive ever loved this much. I believe, and i hope, that he feels the same way. And i know that with someon like that, you cant lose them. I couldnt lose him. So i wouldnt make him lose me/

And my parents. This situation, this yearning to end the first gift they ever gave me, is impossible to even grapple with. How can you tell the two people who gave you life that you dont want it anymore? How can i throw away all they have done for me?  Know im not a parent. I cant comprehend the love they have for me, no matter how much i try. And for that very reason, there would be no greater crime than to take it away. They have two other children sure, but thats not the same. 

Nd i know this. I know i would break my parents, put a tear in aarons life he could never patch up. But sometimes, even that is barely enough. This pain, this emptiness i feel, becomes so strong its deafening. I can not hear reason or empathy or sounds of good times in which i felt truly alive. Because in these times, i want it to end. I want everything to end. The good, the bad, the boring mindlessness of everyday life. I cant take it anymore. 

I feel caught between feeling everything and nothing at all. 

Everything.

Nothing.

Everything.

Nothing. 

Its a cycle i cant stop, but i cant handle either. 

Its quite simple the more i think about it. I want to feel nothing. Ever again. I want to die. 

I dont know how to kill myself. I mean, i do, but i dont think im strong enough. So until then, i guess ill wait.

Itll wait to feel better, to feel like living is the right thing to do. Ill wait to feel like i matter in this world, that the pros of waking up each day breathing outweigh the cons.

Or, in what seems like a more probable conviction, ill wait and hope to die some other way. One that isnt my fault, but will be my pleasure. because , as dark as it is, thats what i want. I want to die. 

A few weeks ago i got into a car accident. I drove straight into and exit sing going 40 miles an hour. Based on everything youve real already in this letter, you probaly think it was on purpose. suprisingly , it wasnt. If i was trying to kill myself, i wouldnt unbuckled my seatbelt, sped up, and hit something that wouldnt be knocked down as easy as an exit sing. But when i crashed the car, i wasnt scared because i could have died. The only thing i was afraid of was how my parents would react to the damage on the car. Because i didnt care about myslef. If anything, i was diappointed. That couldve been it. Had a jacked the wheel of sped up, i couldve ended it all there. To be honest, i dont nkow why i didnt. The chance was right there. The final curtain call was at my fingertips. Maybe i wouldnt have sowed down, tried to stop the crash if it wasnt for the circumstances. If it wasnt for anna’s party, seeing her and danielle, i probably wouldnt have tried to save myself in the way i did. 

I hate feeling like this because i know i have no right to. I have an amazing family, friends, two homes, a school i love, and the possibility for a great futre. But i cant do it. Im tired and bored and i dont want to live in this body, with this personality.

i hate myself. i am a burden and a waste of space and breath and perfectly good life. im tired. i want to be done.