I (21F) can't stop thinking about my ex, and I've been wanting to attempt again for a while.I'm just still having a really hard time processing, and not caring, about the fact that my most recent ex boyfriend like...seriously...seriously fucked me over. I mean, maybe I deserved it. I probably did, or at least that's what I tell myself. Everything was good. I mean, I had gotten coerced into sex when looking for emotional support from an ex/ex-guy best friend one day in December. I told him (my now ex-bf) that it happened immediately after. I accepted that he saw it as cheating. I did everything in my power that I could do to let him see I was honestly trustworthy. He just never wanted to see any of my proof or acknowledge that I was trying, just acted like it never happened. He broke down every so often, but I was always there to calm him down and bring him back up again. Well, in January, he attempted suicide. (on the 23rd) I did everything I could that night. I called 911. I called his parents. I told them where he was, and where he could be when he wasn't there. I gave 911 his vehicle information and all the info I could so they could find him. His parents thought he was in his room the whole time, meanwhile he was OD'ing in a walmart parking lot. I didn't hear from him that night. I kept texting his parents, no reply until the morning. They slept fine, I sure as fuck didn't. I asked them, no...practically begged them to call the hospitals the next morning &amp; that's when they found he was in the CCU. They wouldn't let me talk to him. I talked to him for 15 minutes on January 28th. He spent the whole time telling me he loved me after I had to tell him everything that went on because he "couldn't remember what happened." I worked with his parents. They hated me because I was apparently "abusive" for telling him I would die too if he did. I also said something when he told me why he was doing it. I smarted off and split on him for about thirty minutes because he's practically been spoon fed his whole life, and I couldn't make sense of why he was going to the lengths of which he did when he expected me to stay alive and saw constantly what I went through. I quickly switched back however and spent the whole next three weeks by his side, metaphorically. It wasn't until February 9th, which was our 3rd month anniversary. (It seemed like a lot longer than that, tbh) All he started with was, "hi" in the most monotone voice ever. I got pissed, started immediately bawling. Like, that's what you start with? I've been waiti- and that's when he cut me off with, "OH FUCK OFF. NEVER CONTACT ME AGAIN. WE'RE DONE. I'VE BEEN THINKING ABOUT THIS FOREVER NOW. I DON'T LOVE YOU." and that was the last thing I heard him say. He apparently got engaged to some chick in the hospital on February 4th.  (I didn't find out about this until she messaged me blaming me for him being hospitalized AGAIN in March...)  I've just been wondering ever since what I did wrong. Why was I the cheater? We weren't even technically broken up when he made it official with this chick. He had his eyes on some chick while I was crying my eyes out every day, waiting on him to come back home. Yep, I'm the cheater. I'm the "dope whore who's sick in the head and ruined his life." (that's what they like to tell me, they harassed me from march end of april. even got her best friend in on it. ) What really fucks me up is how he attempted. He copied my worst suicide attempt, which I had in 2015, and had told him about. I wonder if he just thought it'd work, or if it was a "fuck you" to me all along. I don't know, man. I just feel so fucking pathetic cuz all I want is him back. I'll just continue to spend every day alone like I have since January 23rd. I haven't had an attempt since April 26th,  2016.  I just really want to stay alive, but I don't really know if this life is meant for me to enjoy and I'm so tired of helping everyone else to their happiness. I just want mine.