If an animal was suffering it’d be put down. Why can’t it be the same for us?Hi, I’m a f(20). I can’t think of a reason why I should be alive. My father molested me as a kid and I repressed those memories and continued living with him until I went away to college. I felt at that time that my life was truly beginning and that I was free. I thought I was capable of being successful, even though I have been severely depressed and anxious since grade school. After only six months at college, I had a drunken night out with some friends. Our whole large group  went back to some dorms afterwords. I excused myself to the bathroom. An acquaintance from the group barged in. He raped me that night. After that, I failed miserably at school. I got too scared to leave my dorm in the case that I would see him. My depression and anxiety only kept building from there. I tried to kill myself(this being the second time, my first attempt was in high school) and I ended up going to a psych ward after I was found (second of four inpatient stays). After this, I met my now boyfriend of 2 and a half years at school. We both dropped out and started spending all of our time together. Since then I’ve tried to work and can’t bc of constant anxiety attacks and flashbacks at work, yet I was denied disability. I got myself into debt and I have loans from college. I can’t even drive nor do I own a car. My boyfriend pays for all my things and drives me where I need to go. Every day he deals with my breakdowns and flashbacks. I know he’s not happy and that he’s drained. No 22 year old man should have to be a 24/7 caretaker. His life is on hold for me and I know that. He feels to guilty to let me go, bc we both know he’s my biggest support. I do stay with my mom sometimes but I try to avoid it as she doesn’t understand mental illness and thinks I’m a mooch. I tried to explain what happened to me at college but her and my stepdad got angry at me bc they thought it was cowardly of me to not report my rapist to the police. I know she doesn’t mean any harm &amp; in fact just doesn’t understand but it still hurts that she thinks I’m lazy and that I just don’t try in life. I want so badly to be better and have a real life but when I try to make friends or work or even just go out in public all I can feel is fear and insecurity. Ive tried so many different therapists and meds and I haven’t found any that have worked. I’ve turned into a helpless person. I want so badly to truly live yet I’m not capable of it. My own family doesn’t want me. So why should I stay alive when I’m obviously only a burden to the one person who truly cares about me??

Sorry for the long post but I needed to vent. Thanks for reading:)