Insomnia is driving me insane, literally. Can't stop thinking about an endless sleep. HELP!!!!!!!I've had insomnia in some form or another for the last 12 years.  During this time I haven't had a single rested night of sleep that wasn't medicated with benzos or Ambien or low dose antidepressants like Mirtazapine and Seroquel.  Currently I'm tapering off Valium that was given to me during a ER visit about a month ago.  I'm also taking Ambien, but the 10mg I took last night only gave me 3 hours of sleep.  If I take more Ambien I get horribly anxious and get restless legs, which is a torture of its own.

I'm at the absolute end of my rope.  The pain I feel inside my head is driving me mad.  To top it all off, my wife of 20 years is leaving me because I can't participate in the family due to my chronic fatigue (and due to some other shit that I pulled over the years).  I have a young daughter who I love dearly, but even then I can't stop the thoughts.  I can't go to the ER, because all they'll do it put me on more benzos and when they wear off the anxiety and insomnia rebound begins.  

In the last 3 months I've been to 2 high-priced treatment centers, including the best psychiatric hospital in the USA.  They couldn't fix me.  I've been to the ER 4 times, involuntarily committed to a psych ward for a couple days, tried to go into a standard detox facility to help me withdraw from Ambien (they didn't know what to do with me so I was discharged), and I'm now completely bed bound and disabled.  My wife has moved out of our home, and my best friend has moved in and is caring for me 24/7.  He is my only emotional support.  All the other friends &amp; family are distancing themselves from me because they don't know what to do with me.  They can only say "try more doctors.  Try more treatment centers.  You must take our advice, and if you don't then we can't help you."  Well, I did take their advice last week and went to that detox.  They gave me benzos, I slept for a day, felt better, and then they discharged me because I didn't have a heroin or drinking problem.

 I feel truly hopeless, I really do.  Every day is a new hell, even though it's springtime and everything is beautiful outside.  I JUST WANT TO SLEEP!

I'm in such a severe depression that I twitch and I yell (extremely loudly) at random times, like Tourettes.  It's the emotional pain I feel is bursting out of me, like a pressure cooker.   WHAT THE FUCK HAS HAPPENED TO MY LIFE???  I USED TO BE A SUCCESSFUL GUY, AND NOW I'M CONTEMPLATING ENDING MY LIFE OVER THIS SHIT.  AAAAAAAHHHHHHHH!!!!!!