Dear Most of Humanity: Thanks for Contributing to My MisanthropyOut of the 7.7 billion human beings on this Earth, there is probably only a small hand-full who are truthfully good, caring, compassionate, sympathetic/empathetic people.

People pretend to care about you when they know you're depressed and considering ending your life because you are insecure, self-loathing, etc. etc.... but if the first thing they learned about you was one of the problems that is causing your self-loathing, they would have no problem admitting that they view you as a pathetic person (especially if they can remain anonymous in doing so).

--

Myself as an example:

When I'm in a group of people and in a talkative mood (which is extremely rare for me), people don't respond to the things I say; they downright ignore me in favor of conversing with someone who is more charismatic. I've been told that my voice projects quite well, and I am 100% sure that I'm being heard.

Even though I get ignored, people stare at me like I'm from another planet.

I look in the mirror, and am disgusted by what I see. I spend about two hours a day looking in the mirror, taking mental notes on which features I'd like to be different. I feel like the masculine bone structure and proportions of my face are extremely exaggerated (and I don't like that; I'd prefer a softer, cuter look over looking like a neanderthal).

When I'm not even in a bad mood, my parents have constantly asked me "What's wrong?" ever since puberty changed my face, which most likely means that even with a neutral expression when my face is at rest, I look unfriendly or angry.

All of this leads me to believe that I have a naturally mean-looking face, or maybe I look intimidating, which would make sense. I've done a lot of research on physical attraction and studies have shown that both sexes, but especially females tend to find "hyper-masculine" faces to be slightly threatening on a subconscious level.

My worst fear is rejection and due to my low self-esteem, I have this idea in the back of my head that someone would think I'm creepy if I complimented their looks, so I never flirt with (or even talk to) anyone, which causes an unbelievable amount of loneliness and emptiness. I'm not good-looking either, so due to my isolated, reserved, introverted nature and my lack of attention-grabbing physical attraction, I will most likely be alone for a VERY long time... probably for the next few decades at least, if I can even last that long.

If someone knew all of this about me, I predict that there's probably like a 75% chance that they'd think I'm just a mentally weak loser (and they would be correct, but I still dislike the fact that someone would think that about me).

I can't tell anyone about this unless I'm in an environment where people feel obligated to be open-minded and understanding (like this subreddit, or a therapist's office, for example).

I could go on and on. I could write a whole book of complaints about life, myself, this world and the people in it...

As a side note I'm just gonna add that I'm questioning my romantic/sexual orientation... and maybe my overall identity?

I've developed an interest in LGBTQ-related things, because most people who are dysphoric (which often goes hand-in-hand with body/face dysmorphia) also feel this pain, which means I can relate to them. They also tend to be introverted, and... kinda outcasts? If that's a rude thing to say I apologize, but I find it admirable in a way. They also tend to know what it feels like to be looked down upon by most people; most of them seem to be accepting and respectful. But honestly, I don't know how most LGBTQ people aren't misanthropic like me.

Of course, whenever I read hateful comments from tens of thousands of people, and articles about bad things happening to gay or transgender people, it makes my view of this dull world a little less enthusiastic than it already is.

Most people suck.

I can't trust most people, and I can't be myself around most people.