I'm in a suicide crisis what do I do?there's one side of me that just wants to go and end this feeling but this other side is just a little feeling of dread and regret like what will people react if I committed suicide and it successfully worked? Could of I prevented this grief from my family and gotten better? I want to know what can save me cause I'm on the edge of suicide and I feel like there's no coming out of it. I kind of want help, I  just don't know how to save myself. I feel like maybe this is the only way out.... Can someone please help and give me reassurance and advice? 

&amp;#x200B;

I've been in a really dark place and I already made a second attempt in Oct which landed me into the psych ward, meds were denied from my parents cause I'm only 15 and cant decide myself and my parent don't think antidepressants will work. For like a week or so I've been feeling deeply deeply suicidal were I think about it almost every single day, think about plans , scenarios of ways to make my plan of suicide .  I've rummaged around my whole house to find multiple medications of pills and I've found every single place where they hid the pills. This morning I was actually planning to skip half the day of school and ditch to go to my sisters house without anybody knowing and overdose on these pills, but I couldn't cause my sister was rushing me to come to school with her and I was to scared to grab the pills cause I didn't want my sister seeing me grabbing them. But I was so close to grabbing the pills and hiding them with me in the binder. I went to school without the pills and just had this weird dread and regret feeling because I couldn't get the pills and I failed and I just felt so anxious today cause it didn't work out. I've been planning on going forward with this plan tomorrow and I think I might actually go through with it. What do I do? do I call 911? suicide hotline? tell school councilor?  Am I this in danger? Its so hard I don't know how to control this feeling I've been crying nonstop every single day , randomly breaking down and just having panic attacks and just not sleeping well or eating well i just feel so drained and it feels pointless I'm failing every class and i feel like a waste. I also thought about hanging myself and other tactics I think I'm going crazy. 

I don't want to tell anybody close to me about my plans cause I'm scared on what they might do? will they ignore me and will I go through with it will it make them regret everything I don't want that. I also don't want them to be mad.