His birthday was on Thursday.William was a sophomore in high school when he made a decision that changed everyone’s lives forever. I woke up the same night it happened to my brother with an utterly terrified look on his face. He told me that William commit suicide. I didn’t believe him. 
An hour later, it was midnight, and I was laying in bed, scrolling on his Facebook page trying to see if there was any sign he was going to do it. I couldn’t even cry I was so stunned. I was shaking and my heart was pounding, but I was mostly just really really confused. 
William was a family friend. My brother was one of his best friends. They were the same age, and I was in 8th grade. I didn’t know him super well, but every single time I was around him, I was enjoying every second that passed. 
I stayed awake very late that night trying to process what happened. To this day, I still have no idea how he even did it. Some say he hung himself. Some say he put a bag over his head and sealed it shut. Honestly, I don’t really want to know how he did it. That doesn’t even matter. No matter how he did it, the fact is that he did it. 
My life changed forever after that night. Not long after that, I myself was feeling very suicidal for a while. There were times I came extremely close to making that same heartbreaking decision. My mind became so clouded that I completely forgot how devastating it was when he made that decision. Yet, I did something he couldn’t do: I confided honestly in my friends and family and I got professional help. 
I’m still on Zoloft, and it has really helped me. I wish so badly that he would have tried medication or at least getting help. Who knows; maybe he did try and I was unaware. It can be really, really hard though. Yet, getting help for that won’t ever be as hard as the pain other people feel if you make that devastating decision. 
Thursday would have been his 19th birthday if he was still here. In a little over a month, it will be the 3 year anniversary of his passing. Today, I remembered that it was his birthday even though it was two days ago. I feel so guilty for forgetting his birthday. To make up for that, I want to share this message with you. 
Please, please don’t make that decision. You are needed, and you are loved. So was William. He couldn’t see that, and you might not see that either. I promise you that it’s true. I was deeply effected by his passing as were many others, and many people will be deeply effected by yours. Suicide doesn’t end the pain, it merely puts it onto somebody else. I care about you, William would have cared about you, and your friends and family care about you. Please don’t do it. 