I really need some help regarding my x...I don't know if this post is welcomed here but I really hope, because you huys allways seem to know the right thing, and I could REALLY use some help...

So me [19M] and my x-girlfriend [18F] were together for over a year. It all started out really well, we were in love, the birds were singing and everything was perfect. We hit a few bumps down the road though, but if I write about that, this post will be a lot longer. Anyways back to the case.

We had a good run, but after a while with some of the problems, things started changing. She became mad at me for no reason, and became a controllfreak. 

After a while i drafted into the army, and things started becoming really bad. The first month went okay, we missed eachother, and things were finally good again when I came home on leave. But the second month and there after, things became a nightmare.

My previous girlfriend started attending the same school as my x, and therefore she took it out on me. She started lying to me about the stupidest things, like having been raped, and having had sex with her x-boyfriend and stuff. She did this because she never got over the fact that I had sex with someone before i met her.

She started threatening me with suicide, and threatening that she wanted to cheat on me, and sleep outside on the streets, and just acting like a fucking maniac!

3 months after i had drafted, she started breaking up with me. Almost Daily. For a whole month. And I was still head over heals for her, so I became frantic, and begged her not to do it, and she ended up listening the entire time. I should have ended it.

A couple of months later she had stoped with the threats, now she just complained about everything about me. She would shame on me for the dumbest things, refuse me to meet friends, when she wanted me to meet her instead. And i fell for it all the time. But later we ended up breaking up. 

A week went by without contact, and we started talking and missing eachother, so we decided to try again, sadly. Things quickly turned to shit again, and 1,5 months later we broke up. Again. This time she started contacting me after a week, saying spiteful things, she said she had already been out with other people, that she was tired of me, and didn't care about me at all. But a few days later she broke down.

She started saying that she missed me, she wanted to try again, she said that she hadn't started seeing other people, and that the times when she broke up with me, she used it solely as a scare-tactic. I turned her down, stating that I didn't want to to try again, I was through with her, and I just wanted to be single. She nagged me for days. And in the end I gave up, and told her okay, with full intensions of not giving a fuck.

Two weeks passed and here I am. I recently went on a trip for 3 days, wich meant no contact with her until I got back, because of cell-phone connection. I tried sending her a goodbye, see you soon message, but she just started complaining about me not bringing a cell phone even though the connection wasn't there. Before I left she also started bitching about me not saying I love her before I left, so in a rush and out of spite, I told her I loved her.

When i got back I sent her a text:

ME: "Hey, I'm back :-)"
HER: "When will we meet? Can you drive me to the mall?"
ME: "No, I'm too tired from the trip, I just want to be alone for the day, I'm exhausted :/"
HER: "You are allways like this! I try to do something fun for us, and you just act all care! You didn't even bother sending me a "&lt;3", I'm done, I'm through with this"
ME: Okay then, please just leave, I'm too tired to keep on like this.

We exchanged a few more messages, and then she said that she didn't want to leave me, but I said I cant stand this anymore.

The last week has been hell! She has told me that if I leave her, she will kill herself, she shames on me for ditching her after all this time, and she won't leave me the fuck alone! Daily she threatens me with suicide, even last night before I went to bed, and then proceeded with not answering my frantic calls in fear, this resulted in me not sleeping at all, and writing this post like a child. I just want to get away from her, but she threatens me with suicide, stating that she has tried it before, so she isn't kidding with me. If I go to the police about it/her parents she will also end herself. The only thing I can do is to keep on being with her untli she can handle herself, but this is leading me on a road to depression. She also seems to suffer from some kind of shizophrenia, she states that she can see dead people, and hear whispers and screams at night, there are also other signs to this that she suffers from.

I hope this makes sense, I'm not totally clear in my head, and I am desperate for a way to get away from her, someone please help me, I can't take this anymore...

TL;DR: Been with chick for a year, starts good, she ends up like a goddamn maniac. She threatens to kill herself if I leave her, because she can't stand life without me, and she suffers from some kind of shizophrenia, I need help, she needs help. 