I dont want too see 2021I have recently broken up with girlfriend of 8 years and nothing feels right anymore, we said we would give it another go and it lasted a week before she said it was over to pursue things with someone else. We were going to spend new years eve together and I was going to ask her to be my girlfriend again but now she is spending it with him. I sent her the speech I wrote for us tonight.

 I cant begin to tell you how excited I am to see the new year in with you. I couldn't think of anything more perfect then starting 2021 in the way that I want the rest of our lives going. This being forward, moving out to start a new chapter of our lives so we can save to have our own house where we can do what we want forever. A house we can decorate the way we want, have what we want here and a place we can truly call ours. A house where we can have a fresh start, a house where you can have your beauty room, a house where we can expand our family one day. I'm looking forward to us having the dogs and not worrying about them anymore and what we can and cant do. Everything just sounds so perfect and I cant wait. I know it wont be easy but ultimatley I am so dedicated to you and making this work with you and I know you feel the same so there is nothing stopping us. When you have down days I will be there for you and I know you will be for me. I will be there to care for you when your not well and help you get better. I'm looking forward to the laughs we are going to share together, the the memories we are going to make and the future. I'm sure you have seen I am trying more to be the person you deserve to have in your life. I'm so proud to be the person putting that beautiful smile on your face. I love you so much and I love you so much more every single day. I am looking forward to us getting married one day, I am so keen on the idea of us being together forever and our wedding one day. It will be in a beautiful barn conversion with all of our family and friends. Looking at you in a beautiful wedding dress not being able to hold back the tears as I'm so happy knowing that this is all I want. I am an awful dancer and I know you dont want one but the first dance will be so perfect too have the eyes on us as I hold and dance with you and we just look at eachother with a smile and pure love. I am so in love with you. I want to start the new year off with the way I want things to go from here on out and I want to ask you one question. Will you be my girlfriend?

I feel so fucking empty and everytime I go to sleep I dont want to wake up in the morning. I cant deal with the idea of new years eve and seeing the new year in. People say this is normal and you will find someone else. I dont want anyone else. I just want her.