I'm Done.This past month has been horrible.  This will probably be a TL;DR.

Back in February I got a job.  It was a temporary job with a tax software company, so would've ended this coming Monday anyway.  I was let go from that job because I was making too many mistakes.  This was not my fault, as they weren't taking the time to teach me properly, and wouldn't answer my questions when I asked.  This isn't the point of this rant, though.

So from that moment on I spend each day looking for places to apply to, fill out and submit applications, looking for work.

Anyway, a week earlier, a power outage, blown fuses at the house took out my desktop computer.  At that time, I was living with my parents, was hoping to move out soon.  Anyway, I was told that the power company would at least partially cover the cost of replacing various appliances that had been damaged in that incident, and my computer was included in that.  

So that following Saturday I go with my parents to pick out a new computer.  I don't have that much money of my own saved up, so could only barely cover the cost on my own.  But I pick out a new computer, and return home.  I set about setting up the computer, getting ready to replace Windows 8 with Windows 7.

I'd been setting up the computer for about an hour when my dad bursts into my room, clearly drunk.  He apparently just found out that I had lost my job earlier in the week.

Bit of backstory here: my dad has never been supportive of me.  My dad has never once in my entire life showed any sign that he loves me and approves of me.  We do not get along; I've had several friends wonder that we're even related, we're so different.  When I was living with my parents, I constantly feared my dad shouting at me, attacking me physically or emotionally.

Back to this: He rushes into my room, having apparently just discovered I had lost my job earlier in the week.  He demands that I pay in full for the computer that very day.  He shouts at me, accusing me of spending every day playing video games and communicating with my online friends.  He demands that I do what I've actually been doing, look for work, but he will not accept that this is what I've been doing.  

I talk back to him, something I rarely do.  I defend myself, telling him that yes, I'm looking for work.  He calls me a worthless shit for losing that job, saying that there's no way I could possibly have the aptitude to keep a job longer than a week.  I tell him that he couldn't possibly understand the job I had in the first place, let alone why I was let go (which is fair enough, he doesn't understand computers).

He tells me I have two weeks to "shape up and get a job digging ditches" before he will kick me out to the street and write me out of his life.  I demand to know what I do then.

Before I know it he's knocked me out of my chair, to the floor, and his bare hands are around my throat, squeezing, drunken anger in his eyes.  I'm shouting, punching, scratching, trying to get free.  "That's what I want to see from you, I want to see you violent!" he then says, laughing, smiling.  I'm terrified at this point.

Eventually he relents, leaves my room.  I quickly get to my computer, get on Facebook, and, upon seeing my closest friend online, quickly tell her what just transpired.  She tells me to pack and get the hell out of there, that she and friends will retrieve me within the hour.

That's when my dad storms back into my room, anger still plastered on his face.  He reiterates the two weeks thing, calls me a worthless shit, a failure of a person.  "If you keep on like this, I will break every bone in your body and see you in the hospital to die."  He leaves again.

I pack.  I take my backpack and stuff it with some clothes, my laptop, wallet, papers, important stuff like that.  I get out of there.  I pass my dad in the driveway, he demands that I approach him and tell him what I'm doing.  My mom shouts for me to leave (my mom and I have always gotten along, she's always protected me from my dad), and I run down the driveway.  Soon after I'm with my friends and I leave the county.

Which more or less brings me to now.  I've been living among my friends here at Uni.  Two of the friends are twins, their mom has been helping me with some money, food, and advice.  

But here's the thing.  I've been looking for work since I got here, which is closing in on a month.  I've had no success so far.  I've been contemplating my life a lot, lately, and the utter hopelessness of it all.  I have no future.  Nowhere wants to hire me.  I want to get away from my friends, I fear I'm becoming more of a burden to them.  I'm realizing that I'm technically homeless at this point.  I have my final paycheck from work, but that's at home and I'm afraid to go there.  I'm technically homeless and with no future.  

I don't want to be a burden on anyone anymore, but I can't move on because I can't get work.  I'm such a failure.  I'm such a failure.

I want to end it all. Suicidal urges are nothing new to me, I've wanted to end my life every now and then for the past decade, at least, and have made many attempts.

Sorry for the TL;DR.