(very long post) I might be killing myself in a couple of yearsI know that you guys might be tired of seeing posts about the same problems all over again, but I'm feeling as if I really need to talk to someone who understands how this life works. Very long post ahead, please show mercy to me :( 


I've been suicidal for more than 10 years now. The first signs of depression appeared at about the same time. I'm 21 now, and I've already decided that I won't make it to my thirties, considering how problems just keep piling up as you get older. In fact, I have already tried killing myself by stepping in front of an upcoming train. Unfortunately, I was pulled back by some guy who probably thought I'd slipped on ice. In hindsight I understand how stupidly selfish this was, and I feel ashamed understanding how many problems I could create for the engineer and passengers. I'm thinking of using a more safe method now, and I've found a couple already. Now I just need to put them to test. 


This condition is a result of an extremely life-worsening combination of things, which make me a poor excuse for a human. First, I'm very anxious and shy around people. I physically can't stand their presence, all I want is to sit in a quiet corner with no one to disturb me. Unfortunately, as a college student, I must engage in social interactions on an everyday basis, and it's a kind of torment for me. I want to have true friends who would genuinely care about me, but I would have nothing to give them in return. I'm always sitting alone in quiet contemplation as they speak to each other and laugh and have fun, and I'm just there, like a monument to eternal sorrow and loneliness. Like an exile. I wouldn't mind having a girlfriend... But that's the next part.


Another problem is, I'm ugly. And I mean it. Not "people are closing their eyes in horror, scream and run away when they see me" kind of ugly, but quite close to that. Logical conclusion: my chances of finding a girlfriend are non-existent. I've never been in a relationship, I don't know what holding hands with your loved one feels like, I haven't even been kissed. Feels like I'm missing out on a very important part of this life, but there's nothing I can do about it. Every time I think I learned to live with that, reality reminds me how miserable I am, and how easily such misconceptions can be shattered. Every time I see myself in the mirror, I regret not having a gun. At least that would spare people on the streets from having to look at this Beast without the Beauty. So many problems could be solved if I had attractive appearance, but I'm not a lucky person, and good looks are not for me. I'm always comparing myself to other people, and everyone - absolutely everyone - is better than me, with few rare exceptions. It doesn't work too good for my self-esteem, which went below the core of Earth long ago. One more reason to end this miserable existence.

The third problem is, I live in a piss-poor third world country, which keeps getting worse every year. There is absolutely no chance of me ever leaving it, I have very little money and even fewer opportunities to make some. I always wanted to see what decent life means, how people live in Europe and the USA, but fate decided that I must rot in my cage without getting out of it. Sometimes it seems to me that sneaking aboard a freighter going across the Atlantic isn't such a bad idea. Jokes aside, I've been thinking of becoming an illegal immigrant due to how no legal options are available for me. But that takes balls of steel, and that is something I don't have. I'm too weak and soft to take any risks. 

The fourth problem is, I can't do things well. I can't do anything well. My only achievement in life was learning the English language, which is hardly of any help in my situation. There isn't much use to it when you're eternally locked in a country where people hardly know their own language, let alone any foreign ones. Apart from that, I haven't achieved anything. I can't draw, I can't write, I can't make music, I can't do what anyone else around me seems to be able to do with ease. Crying at nights is something I could master with a little practice, but it wouldn't get me anywhere. 

All in all, these problems combined make my life very difficult. I'm surprised I've lived that long, but I have a feeling that it's about to end quite soon. I'm pretty sure someone has been in a similar situation before, so I could use some wise words from the sages of this subreddit. But without "it gets better eventually", please. It doesn't.