My 24th birthday is tomorrow and I can’t stop thinking of committing suicideI’ll try to make this as short as I can. But long story short, I left an abusive relationship, left town and left all my friends. I was about to start nursing school on one day when everything hit the fan and I packed my bags and left. Now I’m back with my parents since October. For the third time. I’ve been through several relationships that have went down hill and have caused me trauma. Now I’m with a guy who is genuinely a good guy, I do love him but he has mental issues of his own and all my issues are weighing him down. I have physical health issues on top of depression, anxiety and ptsd. I can’t hold a job, I keep trying and failing. If it’s not my Health acting up, it’s my anxiety or depression that’s so bad I can’t even bring my self to leave my bed. That’s not what I want. I’m thinking of trying for disability but I feel like I’m just making excuses and don’t deserve it. I just lost my job after 3 weeks of having it and 3 months of finding it. I told my boyfriend they fired me for being a liability (which has happened in the past) but the truth is I walked out after having a bad situation with my health and getting sick at work. I felt embarrassed and felt like they were gonna fire me anyways. I know I should of stuck it out. But I didn’t. 
I was about to move in with him, things were about to get good. My parents don’t even know I lost my job.
They think I was going to move out this weekend but my boyfriend told me he wants me to prove I can hold a job because he’s in no position to take Care of me, he can not mentally handle it. He told me he’s not happy and his anxiety is sky high because of all the pressure he’s under. He told me he does love me and wants this to work but he feels like I’m not trying. 
The thing is I can’t tell if I’m trying or not. Some days I feel like I am then others I can’t make proper adult decisions because I’d rather just lay in bed and pretend not to exist. 
I feel like such a burden to my family and my boyfriend. I feel like I’m ruining something that could of potentially been good. I feel as if the world might be better off with out me. Monday is my birthday and I keep getting this intrusive thought over and over that maybe it’s time for me to go. I can easily make it look like natural causes because of my health situation and die in my sleep. I don’t feel like I’m capable of living a normal life. I’ve tried therapy, didn’t help. I’m on a high dose of Prozac, which did help at one point but not lately. I just feel so lost 