I made a terrible mistakeThis weekend, I tried to force myself on a very good friend of mine.

I blacked out, so many of the details are fuzzy.  To be honest, much of what I remember is only because she told me what happened, but now I have horrible flash backs.  I believe her, she wouldn't lie about this, and I can see still images in my mind to back it up.  Basically, what happened was: my friend drove me home from the bar (I was belligerent the entire time, to the point of serious danger).  She helped me inside, and helped me get a glass of water and into bed, before she could leave I tried to force myself on her (she says I tried to wrestle her to the ground).  Thankfully, I was so drunk that I didn't put up much of a challenge and she managed to get me to hit my head.  She literally ran out the door in fear.  Now when she looks at me, it is completely different.  I am a threat to my friend, and it is killing me.  She told me she was really scared.  It was like a knife in my chest.  The best thing I could do was admit that I was an alcoholic now, and apologize.  It feels like I am blaming alcohol, though, and I'm worried that I appear to be shifting the blame off my own shoulders.  I *will* never touch a fucking drink again in my life, but I feel like it is way too late.

I don't have romantic feelings for her, and I never have.  But this isn't the first time I tried to make advances on a female friend of mine when I was drunk.  I figure that is fairly common, but this is different, it is officially assault...

I feel like my life is nothing but shame now, and I can't go an hour *on any day* without remembering shameful things, and without seriously considering fucking ending it.  This is by far the worst thing I have ever done to another human being, I can't understand how I could be capable of this.  I feel like a monster inside, and I can't even look her in the eyes without cringing.  I have so few friends, and there are times when I doubt everyone, but at the end of the day they are so important to me.  If I was truly alone in this shitworld, I wouldn't be alive, they are my tether to this fucking life.  Now I believe I have severed one of those tethers.

What the fuck.