Planning on taking my life within the next couple of weeksHi everyone.
I'd like to start by giving some info on myself:
I'm an 18 year old male (19 soon), I live with my parents and I'm in depression for various reasons (debt, family problems and always being lead on by girls)
I've been planning on taking my life for a little bit now and I've decided to do it within a week or 2 however there's only one thing holding me back.

I have $8,000AUD in credit card debt - however, that's not whats holding me back.. What's really holding me back is that I have $19,000AUD of loan debt which I got as a joint application with my brother.. 
If I take my life, he's most likely going to have the burden of paying the bank $19,000.

If I can close off the credit card, I will continue paying off the loan and I will 100% cut and deactivate my credit cards

I work quite a bit and I earn up to $900 a fortnight (2 weeks)

I'm just so sick of everything that's happening and I think taking my life is the easy way out. I don't know what happens if I die but I'm at the point where I don't care anymore.

Notes:
1. When I got my loan, I also got loan insurance and the person who gave me the loan said exactly "If you get sick, this insurance company will pay for your loan until you get better and if you happen to pass away, they will close off the loan paying the full amount". (Obviously I can't confirm with my bank that if I take my life, will the insurance pay for it or will my brother have to...)

2. I'm not the type of person who speaks to people about my problems so talking to my parents or brother is not an option.


If anyone has any suggestions to helping me fix this, I would really appreciate it.
I read on other sites that crowd funding may be able to help and honestly, if I can close my CC balance, I will still manage to pay off my loan with the help of 'Modafinil' which was prescribed by my doctor.. he told me that it will make me feel better and motivate me..

To close this off, I would really appreciate if anyone was able to help/suggest pay off my credit card, I would be able to continue paying off my loan and get my life back on track with a small boost


Best regards,
- M