Philosophically, I can't see a point to life.I'm an INFJ (Myers-Briggs personality type).  This means I'm very idealistic, empathetic, and generally want to help people and make the world a better place.

As I grew up, through childhood, I thought the point of life was to be a good person, get married and have a family, be kind etc. Seemingly, this was a very naive view that I've had great trouble letting go of.

My two problems are with Life/Society, and with Love/Relationships.

1. Life/Society.
I'm a very idealistic person. I quit my well-paid job as an Engineer to do something more personally fulfilling; something that helps people. I've started training as a Counsellor.

To me, life should be a journey of self-development: developing tolerance, acceptance, understanding, empathy. I'm not religious, but the messages of the New Testament have always struck a chord with me: Love thy Neighbour, do unto others as you would have them do to you.

My problem is: most people don't think like this. Most people are, seemingly, a long, long way off from REALLY caring about the world/other people. The world is such a fucked up place. I'm 27 years old and I've already learned that the things that really matter, the things that really move things in the world, are very basic, selfish, and animalistic: Power, Wealth, and Spreading your Genes.

Just watch the news; take an interest in International politics/ business. World leaders are narcissists and sociopaths. George W Bush! Saddam Hussein! The truly insane, greedy, and self-obsessed members of society are ruthless and self-obsessed enough to rise to positions of power. Then they make the decisions that change the world and society. It's the same in big business - corporations really run the world now anyway. Run by psychopaths; corporations themselves fit the clinical description of psychopaths.

People DON'T CARE ABOUT EACH OTHER. They don't! In the West, people barely care about their own family, let alone people they don't know! So many family's are broken - parents and children don't stay in touch. The World just seems to be millions of people scrabbling around greedily to get wealth, and then spending it on alcohol, sugar, mindless entertainment and cheap sexual thrills.

People die on the streets, homeless. Children are raped. Wives beaten. And this is in the DEVELOPED WORLD. Let alone the horrors that go on in the developing world?!

Depressive Reality: Depressed people are more likely to be accurate about the causes of events - they don't attribute good things that happen to themselves, and they are statistically more correct than "well people". I'm starting to truly believe that there truly is no purpose to life other than to spread ones genes.

I'm sure I'll get plenty of responses along the lines of "life is a gift", "it's about the journey", saying to enjoy the good bits of life. My point is that the good and the just are effectively 'pissing in the wind'. Our attempts to make the world a good place to be are just negligible compared to the combination of TRUE human nature, and consumer capitalism, combined - Dominate and Consume. The ruthless succeed and rule.

2. Love / Relationships.
Ok, this is a really quite a horrible / offensive thing to say, so please forgive me. But.... women are fucking whores. They really are. (Men are no better). It genuinely disturbs me, in a deep, dark, psychological way, that women *want* and *enjoy* being dominated sexually. They like to be choked. They like to be fucked hard. They are attracted to men who are 'dangerous', 'risky', and care far more about confidence and appearance than any facet of virtue in a man. I'm generally a very caring boyfriend - both my serious girlfriends have ended up with me AFTER chasing the "bad boys" that were no good for them - the confident ones, the leaders of the pack, the barmen who they had one-night-stands with. WOMEN ARE GENETICALLY PRE-DISPOSED TO BE ATTRACTED TO MEN WHO WILL TREAT THEM LIKE SHIT. Love is a joke, a myth. Marriage? It's all about property. The Rom-Com Disney idea of love is a total fabrication.

And here's another one: Impermanence. Everything in the Universe is impermanent. You, me, this conversation, the Sun. Everything is impermanent and will perish. That means that every loving relationship will perish, as will every human being. 

Which means that I can go up to EVERY young couple who is completely in love, and tell them that one day their relationship will end, and they will experience pain directly proportional to the joy they feel right now. Whether through infidelity, falling out of love, or death - their love will die. Guaranteed. That makes me feel so dark, that you will lose everyone you ever love. I honestly don't understand how people can "switch off" the knowledge of this FUNDAMENTAL TRUTH when they are in love. The love they feel is guaranteed to die, and cause them untold anguish.

Conclusion.
I have Depression. I am a guilty of the cognitive biases "Catastrophising", "Black-and-White thinking", and "Disqualifying the positive". But, at the same time, you can't argue that a lot of what I have said is true.

The only philosophy that I think has any hope of getting me out of this mental mire is "Living in the Moment" - i.e. that you are to enjoy things while they happen, not think about the destination.

I have good friends and family. Sometimes I am happy. But I can't shake the idea that a lot of what I have said above is true. As an Idealistic INFJ, I can't just ignore the awfulness that exists in the world. And I can only be happy when helping people - but this leaves me in the ridiculous position of wanting to help people but wondering why, because they wouldn't help me? Or each other? I envy people who are more selfish and don't "care about the world" as much.

What I'm asking (begging) for is someone to truthfully and philosophically convince me that the World is not an awful place, that people are instrinsically good, and that love is real and worthwhile. But I'm honestly now seeing the evidence. And that disturbs me in a really deep, dark way.

I'm genuinely worried that nobody can really argue that the World is a good place, in a way that will convince me. I've just been on [7 cups of tea], and talked with a 54 year-old INFJ. His attempt to help me was by telling me that he's been divorced twice and has given up on love, and true love is a sham. His advice to me was "Be selfish".

Normally I'd listen to Alan Watts on YouTube - a wise man. But he drank himself to death. Perhaps he also realised how fucked the world is?

TL;DR - World is fucked up, people are selfish, and I don't see the point to life.