My first post. Sorry about lengthI don't trust people in real life so this post is to get everything I'm feeling off my chest because suicide is starting to feel more rational, not just as an in-the-moment feeling when I'm upset, but when things feel normal too.

I'm 19M and live in the UK and this is my first ever post. The breakdown im having at the moment is about my looks and things related to attraction.I'm ugly, I'm middle East Asian and I'm short. I have small bones so no matter how much I work out my wrists remain tiny so I look really weak and I have a feminine voice which seems to weird people out. Girls don't treat me like a guy and even say that I'm feminine so they don't feel awkward talking about stuff girls tend not to talk to guys about (menstruation, sex with their boyfriend etc).

I've never had a relationship, only experience I've had was a blowjob from a girl who took pride in having as many sexual encounters as possible - and therefore wasn't even attracted to me. I get anxiety when I talk to people new or talk in front of big groups of people and always have sweaty palms which is really gross and turns people off. I've tried anti perspirants for palms but nothing I've tried works. 
I want to emphasise very hard right now that I do NOT hate women. But I've been browsing Incel and MGTOW and honestly believe that I'll end up being like them when I'm much older, guys who are bitter at women because they never managed to have a relationship throughout their entire life (applies more to incel). The only other sexual encounters I've had were with prostitutes. And visiting them has made me feel there's something wrong with my penis. I just couldn't feel anything with them at all, I tried going again after not masturbating for a while too but I just couldn't feel anything during sex which makes me even more depressed because it makes me feel that even if I got into a relationship, I wouldn't be able to enjoy the physical part of it. I acknowledge how incredibly toxic incel and mgtow are, but yet I feel like my life will be just like theirs with regards to women. I've told 3 girls I like them and got painfully rejected each time and now I've just lost my confidence, especially because of my height combined with my face. I've worked really hard in the last year to get into shape, lost 12.5kg in a year, with 3kg to go before I hit my target, but it hasn't made a difference to how I feel about myself. I still feel ugly, I feel like people look at me in the street and laugh at how ugly I am. I feel like no one will ever love me.

Something that's been playing on my mind recently too is someone who even though we didn't talk for months after a fight, I considered my best friend because of how well we clicked, even though our friendship was slightly toxic. He killed himself back in the end of May and while initially I took it pretty well because of how I feel about life (I think Nihilist would be the best way to describe myself and him) I still think about it and get upset and angry, especially if I get drunk or I'm having a bad day for a different reason. I feel like he beat me to it. Ive had thoughts about it for a long time now (since i was 16).I've seen how much it hurts people, and so I would feel fucking guilty. Since I was 16 I always knew that if my family didn't exist and they suddenly disappeared, I would kill myself in a fucking heartbeat.

I feel like the cause of all my problems is maladaptive daydreaming. I've only ever told 3 people this and they all thought I was crazy or just fucking stupid. But I know I am right so I'm going to say it here too. It's ruined my life, I started daydreaming excessively since maybe around 7 or so, it started as revenge fantasies against people who bullied me for being fat when I was younger, and I just never stopped doing it. When I was 16 I felt that people were extremely repelled by me and I had no idea why so I analysed every part of my life and realised that daydreaming and having imaginary conversations with people for 8+ hours a day, often for at least 3 hours in a row is definitely not normal. I was so desperate to get people to stop being repelled by me that I tried to stop at the seemingly unrelated chance it would work and it was the hardest thing I've ever done, but I managed to almost completely stop, and when I did I developed a tremor in my right hands fingers and then my left. This was when i was 17. Stopping daydreaming actually changed something neurological for me. The tremor eventually went after a week and I fully stopped daydreaming. And you know what? It was the best fucking week of my life. Everyone liked me, I was so confident, my voice was strong and powerful and manly and I loved myself. I felt like I finally fixed what was wrong with me. My best guess is that if stopping it has enough of an effect to cause a fucking tremor in me, there's no reason why it can't effect my facial muscles to make me look much more approachable when my neurotrasmitters are in check. 
(I mean, when people have tremors from Parkinson's, their facial muscles also don't work as well, making them appear angry right?)

2 days later it was unbearable. I couldn't stop daydreaming, everything I did felt like it needed an internal dialogue to it as if I was telling someone else exactly what I was doing as I was doing it. I also had a song stuck in my head for 2 days non stop. Not a normal earworm, but so strong that whenever there was background noise I would actually hear the song as an audial hallucination. After 2 days the hallucination went away, but I was never able to stop daydreaming since. I still get a correlation, the less I do it the better I feel. I've been bad recently and feel suicidal again because of it. I'm due to start university in September about 4 week's from now. The whole reason I didnt go to university at first was to sort out my maladaptive daydreaming and I've made incredible progress but it's not enough. I still have a mild tremor now. I feel like because I'm ugly there's no point trying to better myself and if I gave a reason for suicide right now it would be to avoid a life of disappointment in terms of love and relationships because I'm unnaproachable and ugly. 



I'm sorry for the long post, this was the majority of what I'm feeling. I'm sorry if there's any bad grammar or bad phrasing or the structure is bad, this all came straight from the heart while crying my eyes out. Typing this out has made me feel much better though, like I said at the start I have a real issue with opening up to a person I can see or hear