My suicidal desires are putting so much weight on my boyfriend.Sorry if I'm not doing something right, this is my first actual post on Reddit. He's the person who introduced me to this. Also, my storytelling is not the best.

We are both 19 years old and have been together for more than 2 years. For the majority of the relationship, I have been depressed and would always vent to him. About 6 months into our relationship, I lost faith in the religion I grew up with and since it was my life, I ended up losing myself completely. That's where it started. The religion thing is a whole nother story though.
Since then, my boyfriend would always hear a mouthful from me about how I'm not the same, and these suicidal thoughts kept on coming up. Mind you though, I've had suicidal thoughts since I was still religious, and a while before we started dating. I never loved myself. I still don't. I hate myself more now than ever. But this was just when it started escalating. 1 and a half years later, he's way past fed up. I can't blame him. My happiness worn out, but whenever I was sad or angry, it felt more powerful. Pain felt more painful. When he got me angry, my reactions got worse and worse. Our relationship wasn't the same after what happened, and started spiraling down. There have been times where we considered breaking up, but we never did. We took a couple of breaks, but we always gave up and talked to each other after just a whole day of no communication. 
He honestly doesn't deserve to be tortured by staying with me because of all the damage I have caused him. I have made him cry a bunch of times, and he doesn't even cry like that. I have hurt him a lot. Recently I fucked up big time, and he's thinking about whether or not to break this relationship off. His final answer will be given on Tuesday.

I can't blame him for being fed up with me not getting help or taking my meds. He's just the one person who would always listen to me. The ONE person I could actually trust fully. He was always there for me when I had my emotional episodes. If he had tons of college work and I was hurting, he would stop working and talk to me. He got so mad when he saw the bruises I put on my face from hitting myself so much. The only reason why I don't cut is because I want to try modeling. Ridiculous reason, I know. So I just (literally) beat myself up instead when need be. Bruises heal.

But he hates how I haven't helped myself enough to get better. He is the only person who was there for me EVERY time my suicidal desires came up. And that happened a lot. He threatened to call 911 when I was prepping for hanging myself. No one ever went that far for me, y'know? 

Imagine having to hear your s/o go on about how s/he wants to kill herself (or himself), every day for more than a year and a half. I don't know how he does it. I'm sure anyone would be fed up. Any normal person would leave. 

I was looking at similar posts earlier, from guys with suicidal girlfriends. A lot of the replies were suggesting they leave their girlfriends so they don't get emotionally drained too. I get that, but...it does suck to see that, being the suicidal girlfriend...

I was thinking that if he decides not to break it off this Tuesday, I'll just do it for him. I told him recently that I wanted to set him free. I feel like I'm weighing him down, and I don't want him to suffer from someone else's pain anymore. When I visit him on Tuesday, I'm going to give him gifts (late v-day presents) and bake him lots of cookies, followed by some meaningful conversation and cuddling...but then, I'm thinking of breaking it off, and either killing myself at some point eventually, or getting help and actually bettering myself. Either way, he is stuck in the cage. I want to set him free. I have taken so much joy away from him.

I am living a life that is nothing like I wanted it to be. I wanted to be happy, and fulfill my number one goal of being successful in the music industry. Instead, I work retail, having to be social. Yay.
I just want to quit my job, delete all my social media, and leave.