I feel trapped, no where to escape.I'm from the UK.

I'm a mixture of highly anxious and depressed. I just want to withdraw from everything. I screwed up life and I won't be able to achieve the things I want. I feel heavily screwed. I hate college and it makes everything worse for me, I'm such an idiot for not being able tune in with my emotions and yet i'm suffering because of this.

I heard from my friend that this dude left his sixth form and is now moving to the sixth form college I go to. And so basically there is a free space left and my mate suggested that I should move back. The problem is that I left that college to go to my current one because I felt really dumb there as there a lot of clever students. In which I felt the opposite as well as being secluded and having no one which caused me to impulsively change. But the fact that there is a little glimmer of hope that I can move back to this sixth form makes me really anxious and depressed as my mate said that he will explain everything about my situation to the sixth form (Depression and anxiety which caused me to leave the school like this because I felt like no one could really relate to me) to see that they can take me back given that it's within my local area too as the other college which I absolutely dread is in another town and that as well as mentally affecting also affects me physically.

As well as this, Biology is the subject that really causes me to be depressed as I don't find any interest in it anymore and use as my career wise it's something different. I wanted to study medicine but im wanting to study maths now as medicine is unbelievably competitive and it's something I know I wouldn't enjoy. I hate my biology teacher and just don't find anything enjoying anymore since I step foot back into this college. Ever since I did, I felt even more stupid compared to these other students, it's like this college will somehow end up sabotaging me in terms of my future aspirations and will never be able to look in to my potential.

I'm currently getting support from my counselor by getting CBT and learning the practices of mindfulness. I'm also getting Fluoxetene to also help my self and make sure that the support I'm getting will be effective as my initial low mood causes me not to even get out of my house whenever I have free days.

Of course, this isn't my main root of depression but one of many as I've more or less experienced this for years but hadn't had help but yet slowly came to become used to it where I don't even bother releasing out my emotions anymore, just can't be bothered.
Life outside i really don't do much, I use to do alot of things that I enjoy but I don't get any satisfaction from it anymore. I usually would study alot and go gym but even studying now seems soo much hard work for something that I can't really be bothered about. I just hate going there I just hope that this other sixth form is willing to take me back in as my college allowed this person to enrol in this time of the year in which he came from the sixth form my friend went. I just hope that they will do the same for me if they can see into my situation and realize how much it's deteriorating me as a person.

It's like everything I've lived up for is to suffer. God wants me to suffer, because I questioned his existence. Hell, if it gets to the point where there is no way out then I guess i should really look into my last resort. Life is very harsh.