I'm Just Delaying the Inevitable. Wall of Text. Help is Appreciated.I'm only 18 years old. I've had suicidal thoughts for as long as I can remember.

But they really began to get so much worse in late 2013.

They began to get even worse in the Summer/Fall of 2015, a year ago.

Now, I'm feeling more suicidal than ever before.

I just graduated High-School a little over a month ago, and I am motherfucking relieved. I hated it so much and am glad that I'm out.

I still haven't ever had a real job. I was actually hired for a job a few days after I graduated, but I turned it down the night before I was going to come in to work. It was at subway. I was so nervous and anxious. I fucking hate working in fast food, and everyone tells me it wouldn't suit me. But I still feel guilty and less useful.

I've been job-hunting on and off for years, as long as I can remember. I've applied to dozens upon dozens of places, and started submitting resumes, letters of recommendation and contacts at one point. Still no change.

I've recently ran through my local mall applying to almost 20 different places. Only two called me back, because I did this a few times.

I had high hopes for getting a job at Auntie Anne's. I've called back, and the interview seemed hopeful. But alas, it sounds like I likely didn't get the job. Even if they were to call me back, I'm not sure I would care anymore.

I'm also a virgin, of course. I've barely had my first kiss, and I'm not even sure it was a real kiss, which I doubt. Never been on a date, barely touched or held girls, never had "the talk" with my family, because they are uber-religious cuntbags.

I'm not exactly the most unattractive person, but not the most attractive either. I weigh about 164 pounds and I'm 5'10". My glasses are somewhat less shitty than other glasses, I guess. I started working out and dieting almost 9 months ago, and I lost over 50 pounds. My muscles are so much stronger, I can now actually feel my muscles and ribs under my skin, chest and stomach.

People have told me polarizing things about my look.

Some have said I'm fucking ugly, some have said I'm "fine" or average. One girl rated me a 2/10. Some have flirted with me and said I'm very handsome. A few have said that I am fucking sexy and dreamy. Some of them even fucking begged me for dick pictures, no kidding. I was stunned and scared at first.

But I have sexted and been sexted now. Some girls fucking love it. One said I had a great cock and they would totally give me head, and I was cute in a nerdy way. Some said it was too small, or just said bye, or insulted me.

I'm mixed race White and Latino and Spanish. Not sure whether or not that makes me worse or better in the dating or attraction department.

I've played video games extensively ever since Late 2010 and Early 2011. I sold my Xbox One a few weeks ago, and have quit gaming for the foreseeable future. I don't want to talk too much about it.

I also don't have a driver's license or a car. I can barely drive. I've given up on getting a driver's license or a car. Its so much stress on my mind and my body and it tires me out quickly and get a small amount of anxiety and nervousness and some fear.

I'm actually not near as much as nervous or anxious as I used to be. I'm so much more confident, outspoken, outgoing and shit than I used to be. I've almost entirely grown out of my anxiety. But there is still a lingering part of it, and as I like to say, the final stretch is always the hardest.

I tried to get into parkour about a year ago. I quit, gave up, and started again several times. But I've finally given up now. I'm not meant to do parkour. I do think that people can do many things if they put their mind to it, do their hardest, pace themselves and all that.

But not everyone can do everything, no matter how hard they try. Many things just aren't for everyone or just aren't meant to be.

I'm not meant to do parkour. But I'm 75 percent sure I'm meant to do martial arts. I'm so much better at that, and I enjoy the practice and training for it so much more.

In case anyone asks, I don't believe in a god. I'm atheist. But I don't think you're any less of a human being if you believe in a god. I'm just not religious or believe in a higher power. Its not because I blame a god for my life. I don't believe in one. That's it. This is most likely my only shot at consciousness and life, so I want to live my life to the fullest. I used to love that saying, but I never lived by it.

Now I'm trying to live by it more and am doing what I can.

No, I don't plan on going to college or trade school or community college or any of that fucking bullshit. And don't even try and convince me, I could write an entire book on why.

I used to fucking love my family. But not so much anymore. I'm beginning to question whether or not I love them. Yes, my grandparents give me everything I want, take care of me, let me live with them, but they are religious nutjobs, and are somewhat stereotypically racially prejudiced, homophobic (I'm bisexual, so imagine how that feels) and judge people of other religions unfairly.

Their views of the LGBT community have softened recently because of the Orlando shooting, but I still want to call them cowards for softening their views just now.

I love my mother and her boyfriend so much, he is like a father to me.

But I don't trust them completely. Well, I don't trust anyone completely. But especially my mother, even though I trust her more than my grandparents. 

All the advice I get from my family about life is the same motherfucking cookie-cutter, fortune cookie, stock-advice and stock-answer bullshit, common sense, or shit I already know.

The vast majority of my friends end up abandoning me or leaving me.

I don't have a medical diagnosis, but my family suspects that I have OCD, since I have shown the vast majority of the signs ever since I was a toddler.

I suspect myself of having bipolar and depression. Yes, I would love to get real diagnosis and check-ups, if I could.

Even if I told my family about my issues, they say nothing is wrong with me or the stock Republicunt advice "pull yourself up by your own bootstraps." Well, fuck you and your bootstraps. Fuck anyone who says this. Its one of the dumbest things I've ever heard, and it makes me want to shove my fucking foot up someone's ass.

I paradoxically don't want to get advice or therapy or "professional help". I know most therapists aren't about the money. People always say their advice is more of wisdom and less common sense. I personally think that is fucking bullshit and I don't want to pay thousands of dollars for several years for common sense.

Even if it as true, I almost never hear about good therapists. I don't want to find a "good" therapists and be loaded up on pills and drugs for the rest of my life. I'd rather stay like this.

I know therapy is more common than people would think, and there is less of a stigma towards it than there used to be. But I don't want to, at least not yet, regardless, even if I could afford it.

I may be a virgin, but I have had numerous long-distance relationships. Most of them lasted a few days, with my longest being almost 3 weeks.

The one thing I hate about my family the most, is the fact that they overprotected and sheltered me. That is the one thing I hate and regret the most. And also the fact that my mother had me circumcised, which I will never fucking forgive, and don't you even dare try to justify it. I've read all the bullshit arguments and justifications.  Also the fact I have a slightly smaller penis than most men, but that is the least of my problems.

I may have a sexual addiction. Not just because I'm a teenager or a virgin. I masturbate more in one day than many people do in a fucking week. I'm almost addicted to Omegle. I've been trying to tear myself away with some success, but I always go back to it. No, I don't wave my dick around on the video chat. But I have done things I'm not proud of and don't want to talk about at the moment.

I feel like, in another life, I may have been a skater-punk/emo  kid. I fucking want that lifestyle. I still do. I'm more interested in martial arts and gadgets, but skateboarding would also be a nice complement. If I can.

I'm planning to buy a ton of new punk clothing at Hot Topic soon.

If or when I ever get money for it, I want to dye my hair blue, and get a badass tattoo on my left arm. 

I might as well talk about this right now. My dream girl is basically a real-life version of Chloe Price, from Life is Strange. I fucking love tall, Blue-Eyed, punk/emo/gothic Blonde women. But most of them don't like me back. I find it funny that I prefer blue-eyed blonde women, but most of my former relationships were with dark-eyed brunettes. 

We would do shit like smoke weed together, practice and train in  martial arts, skateboard, listen to music, go to concerts and clubs and parties together, and almost be like star-crossed lovers. 

But sadly, many women want someone with money and a 6- figure salary. Before you fucking attack me, I said many, not all.

I've seldom been approached by a girl before. Now that I kind of think about it, when I was a junior and I transferred to a new class, I was so much more outgoing and confident and badass than I normally was, and I talked to some girls, and some of them occasionally approached me. Most of them were actually blondes.

I really do think maybe they were hitting on me or flirting with me, I was just too goddamn stupid to notice it or be upfront about it or ask them out.

I like to think if or when that happens again, I will be all over it this time.

I almost ran away 6 months ago.

I live in Texas, and I am starting to fucking hate it here. I want to save up and move the fuck out.

I told my family I wanted to move to the Pacific Northwest, and my grandfather got all fucking pissed. He was sad that I didn't want to spend the rest of my life with these shitty people or get a job and be a mindless, corporate drone for the rest of my life and die a virgin.

We argued, cursed and almost got into physical fights.

This 250 pound fatass always brags about how strong he is, when he can barely walk up the fucking stairs and has rarely gotten into fights.

I wasn't that scared at all. I wanted to kick his ass. I was fucking waiting for him to make a move. My adrenaline and excitement was through the goddamn roof. I wanted him to give me a motherfucking excuse. I was ready for him. I wanted to send him to the Emergency Room.

But he never touched me.

After a few days of this bullshit continuing, I had a plan. I was going to run away. This was 5 months before high-school graduation. But I didn't fucking give a shit. I was going to load up my backpack with essentials and a comprehensive list of everything I need, leave a note, and just fucking run without looking back.

I know how dangerous running away is. I know its not like it is in the movies. I know its one of the most dangerous things you can do. But I don't care. I wanted to do it. I want some freedom and excitement in my life.

I'm still ready to run away. I've sworn to myself that if this happens again, I will run.

The only reason I didn't run, was because my grandfather apologized to me the day I was planning on it. Almost like my family  knew, even though I didn't say a word about it or tell anyone. 

I live in an extremely shitty apartment complex. Yes, its far better than being homeless and I'm greatful for that. But it fucking sucks. I can't do anything here or talk to women. I've tried. This place feels like a goddamn open-air prison. We've lived here for almost 2 years now.

We were planning on moving out one year ago, but didn't have the funds or credit.

Now we are planning on moving out next year, because we will likely have better credit, and more money due to social security. But I won't hold my fucking breath.

My grandparents say shit like they won't force me to get a job, but will help it will come at the right time and right place, and as long as they have money, jobs and social security, I won't have to worry.

I appreciate the intention, but even I think that is incredibly naïve and a bad way to live my life for now. I never ever take their goddamn advice anymore on almost everything. I don't want to become a 25 or 30 year old virgin and still living with them. Or even a 20-year old virgin.

These are the same people who told me you need to be nice and be friends with a girl to became her boyfriend, and sex is bad and evile and only for procreation (I don't want to have kids) and condoms are against God's law, and abstinence is the only way, and sex before marriage is wrong, and blah blah blah. Fuck that and fuck anyone who says that. I was never allowed serious relationships or could bring a girl home.

They whined about how I never got out and did anything, but were also over fucking protective and wouldn't let me go out with any friends or bring any friends over.

If you are a parent and you do any or all of this and are overprotective, you don't deserve to be a parent and you should be ashamed of yourself. I blame you. All of this is motherfucking abuse.

So, I want to get a job, save up, and move. I've applied to almost all the places in my area, and gone to interviews, I really have. But they are either never hiring, I'm not what they are looking for or any of that. I do have some volunteer experience. But its not enough.

I want to move to the Pacific Northwest. Mostly Oregon. Maybe Washington State, California, or even New York City. Build a better life for myself, find friends and a lover, have fun, go on adventures.

I don't care how ridiculous it sounds, its my goal, my plan and my life. I never lived my teenage years out.

I don't want to die old. I don't want to grow old and die. I want to live in the fast lane, live like no tomorrow, live life to the fullest, live fast and die young. But its hard to do that when you have no car, you aren't a supermodel, you have no job, and you only have $380. When I was going to run away, I only had $15. So that's an improvement.

I really do have people in my life who I care about and are almost like family. But that is shrinking constantly and I can't fully blame them.

I am talking to someone, but we aren't sure about compatibility, we aren't exactly each other's first choice, and we don't know. But I don't want to entirely discount her. And yes, of course she is a dark-eyed brunette. She has gone through so much fucking worse than I have and is one strong motherfucker. She sees something in me for some reason. She lives in Washington state. She is very good to me, even when I don't think I fully deserve her.

One of my female friends says that the girl I'm talking to might actually be "the one" for me, our looks complement each other, and that we are very adorable together.

But that is a different thing entirely.

No matter what I do, I feel like I'm delaying the inevitable. I don't want to become an even more depressed 9 to 5 wage slave. I don't want to stay here in this shitty apartment or with my grandparents any longer than I have to.

I feel like no matter what I do, I am just delaying the inevitable and will end up committing suicide or running away and getting killed or committing suicide. Or maybe even finding my dreams, if I get lucky.

Just to be clear, running away is a final resort. I don't entirely want to. I do want to get a job and save up and get a job and housing in Portland or Washington State or New York City or L.A. (I know they are all really expensive) and get the fuck out of here safe, secured, financed and marginally happier.

But I don't have that much hope for it anymore. I don't want this to become a self-fulfilling prophecy. But I can just feel that I'm delaying the inevitable, and one day I will be forced to run or die.

As a side-note, I am extremely uber-liberal, more outgoing, outspoken, fun, badass and somewhat of a party animal than I used to be, so I would fit right in almost perfectly in these places.

Advice, help or comfort is appreciated. Thank you for your time.


