Running out of hope, and running out of options.I'll try to keep this brief... 
 
My living situation is hell, but I don't really have any options that I can take to change anything. I'm being kicked out of my home by the 8th of next month, can't find anywhere to live that I can afford, and have been outright refused a room by all of my relatives for one reason or another, and I don't have a single friend to stay with either. 
 
My current living situation is living with my mother, who is extremely abusive towards me and is a huge drug addict that has blown away all of our money and blames me for her mistakes. However, as I said... I literally have nowhere else to go. I'm not a minor, so I can't like, go in a foster home or something, and even though I think I have Asperger's Syndrome or some other kind of high functioning Autism, I have not been officially diagnosed with it so there are no adult assistance homes that will take me, and my doctors outright refuse to even discuss it with me because they want to shove whatever antidepressants they're being paid to shove at everyone down my throat and I refuse to take them because I believe my depression is a result of my environment and life and not a result of a chemical imbalance, at least not mostly anyway. 
 
So... the only option I have is to live with my abusive, drug-addicted mother, wherever she goes, if she can manage to find a place in the next couple weeks. 
 
But I can't keep living like this. I can't keep having to clean up after my mother's mistakes when I can barely clean up after my own. I can't keep being talked down on and insulted by my family for being a "lazy piece of shit" and that there's "nothing wrong with (me)" when I know there is definitely SOMETHING wrong with me. I can't deal with the stress, and all the crying, and all the abuse, and all the pain. Every day is a nightmare. I usually end up sleeping as much as I can, until I can't stay asleep anymore, and every day becomes this groggy mess because I slept so much... but it's better than being awake. At least, even if I have a nightmare, my dreams can't actually hurt me. 
 
I don't have anyone who will listen to my feelings, or even acknowledge that I have any problems, or let me cry on their shoulder. I don't have anyone who will hug me and tell me that they'll take care of me and that everything will be okay. My family even tells me that they wish I had never been born, and that they'd have all been happier without me. 
 
Granted, I myself wish I was never born, and they're kind of right, they would have been better off without me. My mother would have been able to party and get high and do whatever the hell she wanted just like she always does, only she wouldn't have to worry about me eating or having a place to live or not. My uncle, who has financially supported us for so long, would have a great life without having to worry about us (especially since he's said that the only reason he helps us is because he knows I wouldn't be able to survive otherwise and mother would be happy living in her car as long as she had drugs), and he would likely be much happier. My father wouldn't have been burdened by the accident he never wanted and actively ran away from for the first 11 years of my life and wouldn't have had to shell out child support money that my mom naturally blew most of on drugs... 
 
So... What I'm trying to say is... What the hell am I living for? Nobody wants me. They wish I had never been born. They either hate me or abuse me or both. I'm not going to have a home next month. Why do I continue to try and struggle? I should never have been born in the first place.