I feel like I'm going to die of sadness and unwillingness to live.Hello there.

Sadly, my message deleted itself from reddit as I messed up with options... I'll rewrite again...

I feel like my life is coming to an end ; not necessarily because of suicide on itself, but because I'm losing the will to live little by little.

I've been in a long distance relationship since February 2017 ; I knew the girl for 6 years, but never had the chance to meet until then. It was great until she was in a very shady situation with one of her male friends in June. After talking about it together, we concluded the friend may be flirting, and my girlfriend was oblivious to it.

We decided she would not talk to him again as we went on a week long vacation somewhere. After we parted ways, we had a week break before I came back to her house for her birthday ; and I discovered she talked back to the friend because he has been claiming sadness and depression (which i cannot confirm nor deny). Along the way, she lied to me about the quantity of messages ("only reading, not answering" to "30 messages a day" to "100 messages a day"), and I discovered she "jokingly" invited him to help her sleep at another's friend house that she needed to guard because the said friend was in vacation and she was afraid. Also, she accepted to go to a party with him after the birthday... But told me she actually wouldn't attend and planned to quit talking to him after the birthday as she felt guilt.

I was extremely upset. That's when we talked a whole day. After that day, when we settled for an agreement, I checked her phone and discovered she sexted someone else on Snapchat. She told me it was a toxic relationship, and that she needed the strenght to get out of it.

After that part, I actually wanted to end the relationship, but she used the argument that her birthday was the day after in order to have me stay.

Also, she planned to live near me ; and after a "peaceful" summer (I asked her many times wether it was the whole story, if there were other things I needed to know... But we didn't argue much other than that) I left my parents home, and she left her and traveled here.

We struggled a lot with learning to live without parents, but we actually succeeded. We also were lucky enough to live literally next to each other.

After a few months, she felt like she missed her original environment and parents ; after all, she's still 18 and I could understand... But she wrote a break up letter along the way. Then, she told me she still loved me, but felt "uneasy" at the idea of being in a relationship with me, and also was afraid to hurt me.

After living a few weeks in that state, I asked to get back in a relationship and she agreed a few days before she traveled back home. 

I struggled so much with it. I had so many concernes about the past, present and future. But she promised that in June she would come back and we would marry and live together.

Now, the situation goes downhill. There was a moment where I was missing her a lot and being very sad about it ; she tried to stay positive and felt guilty everytime I was sad. Funnily enough, the day I realized I needed to forget the past and hope onto the future, she got really sick (a flu) ; that was wednesday. And since then, I am very "hopeful" and optimistic, and she barely ever says a "darling", and only answers "me too" to "I love you"s.... I feel so alone.

I don't want to do anything. Most of the time, I just get in bed as I come back home from school.

I can't sleep regularly. And in order to "not feel alone", I put my favorite anime on my computer in order to hear noises and have a sense of company.

When I come back home from school, I feel like playing games and so on, but then I feel a very heavy burden on my shoulders, whispering me I should rather go to bed.

When she messages me, I cannot help but answer immediatly. I feel like a puppet.

I only eat once a day. 


I'm scared, really. I'm scared ; she told me her "lesser carefulness" was because she was sick ysterday night, and confronted me about being selfish and only wanting to be loved. She said she didn't know what to do with the relationship?

The saddest thing? I told her a lot of things, and kind of agreed to not give up, and still have hope (I bought tickets in order to visit her in a month)... Today, I said I love her, and I was actually "happy" to see "me too"... Happy, and destroyed at how pathetic I became.

Please, help me. I can't do things on my own, because I don't get to feel like my life is worth living alone. I need to share.

Please, please help me.