tired of waiting all the timeI moved again recently against my will. and the surprising thing is that things are going fine. I just got a job and I'm doing okay in school and people are befriending me. so why the fuck does nothing feel real ? this doesnt feel like its my life, or like its going to stay.

im so fucking tired of things being ripped away from,me over and over again. my dad moved me amd my family almost constantly when I was little. but the last place I was, I was there for 5 of the most important years in my life so far. I thought I had found home. but we moved again and my boyfriend and my friends were ripped away from me. what's the point in making friends if my dad is just going to take them away over and over. nothing has ever been permanent to me and finally my brain has fucking broken and I don't feel like anything is real. 

my dad will take all of this away from me again and ill be back to square one, older but still feeling like that little kid who went to a new school every year. its so fucked up how its legal to let this happen to me. you can't just rip a kid away from everything he knows over and over and expect the kid to be Fine. I'm not fine. 

I'm 16 and I get this all sounds like teen angst but I feel like my life has been put on hold over and over again and when I finally got it started back home I was ripped away from it again and now its back on pause and I'm on autopilot all the time and I don't fucking feel anything and I cant talk to anyone about it because no one will respond or take me seriously

I just dont see a reason why I should just keep letting my life be paused over and over as I "live" what are supposed to be the best years of my life as a fucking zombie. this isn't my home, this isnt my school, these arent my friends, this isnt even my own body. I don't have any control over anything important, I am my parents rag doll and I need their permission for everything, theyre always suspicious and rarely let me go anywhere except school and home until I was halfway into high school

ive tried waiting. I can go back in two years but how long are those two years going to stretch ? ive been here for only a few months and I cant stand it anymore and soon I'm worried I'm going to have to make the choice of dropping out and running back to home (no fucking idea how to get there as it is 1220 miles away) or ending it. I've tried talking to my parents but they say, like they've always said when they rip me from homes, "youll get used to it, youll make friends" bitch I have friends ! I still wanna kill myself dude