I don't feel like I'm getting better anymore?I started therapy at the beginning of this year (around early february). I can't tell if it's helping. My boyfriend of almost a few years has been incredibly supporting and genuinely says that he's noticed it's helping me a lot. And at first I really liked it. But now... Idk it doesn't feel as satisfying to confide in my therapist. The main reason I went was because I didn't want to burden my boyfriend with everything going on in my life. 

My dad died at a young age. My older brother died a few years later. My mom used to be physically abusive after they died (feels it's normal bc of her culture), but now she's just emotionally/verbally abusive. I have to depend on her for car rides. It's the most humiliating thing. I do have a job and I'm good at saving money. But we don't have the most stable financial situation since my dad died. And she's incredibly demeaning and she knows that I need her to get to get to school and even my fucking therapy. I could Uber but it would take out a lot from my paycheck, and my boyfriend is very against it because of safety reasons. My boyfriend drives me a lot and I pay him for gas but I still feel terrible about it. I almost have enough for a decent car. So hopefully this changes soon.

I have a part-time job I actually like and I'm currently taking 18 units at community college with almost a 4.0... I'm grateful for everything and especially my boyfriend and my friends. But I just on and off keep feeling.... Empty. On my 19th birthday this year I seriously really considered killing myself. And my boyfriend knows I've had those thoughts and it devastated him. He doesn't know I still have those feelings now though (half a year later).

I told my mom I had depression. She said it made her uncomfortable and "it wasn't really a thing back in her country". (I lived in that country as a toddler). Never once asked how I feel or if I was okay. She lectured me on how it made her feel then demanded an apology at the end. Yes, an apology for showing my depression.

I just never feel good enough. Like my mom said, I have good grades, a good relationship, and am I guess conventionally attractive so I have no reason to feel depressed.... But I just hate myself.... I reallt feel disgusted by myself.

Most times when I'm with my boyfriend I think "i'm glad i'm still alive". He always sincerely tells me he loves me, how happy I make him, and how he wants to marry me when we're older. I really feel the same way. I know it sounds pathetic but if I didn't have him I'd rather be dead. (I would never ever tell him that). I just don't feel like I should be alive. I wish I died instead of my brother. I wish I didn't have panic attacks over dumb shit. I'm trying so hard to better myself. I changed my lifestyle to be healthier. Maybe I'm just being impatient. Sometimes I look up ''most painless ways to die" but I don't think I'd ever do it for the sake of my boyfriend and it would be pretty cruel to add to another death in the family. 

I don't know what to do. I hate living with my family. I've been told they'd be happier without me. My mom always says I'm her least favorite and that I ruin everything. I don't make enough money to move out, and I can't afford the school I want to transfer to... I guess I'll keep doing therapy. I'm afraid to take antidepressants because of the side effects. I just feel so empty sometimes and convince myself I don't deserve to be alive. But sometimes it's like nothing is wrong. I can't tell if I'm getting better... I want to be normal :(. I have so many mixed feelings. Inside I know I want to keep living and get better. It just feels like i'm stuck right now..