Been feeling very, very off.Recently I was dumped by the girl of 2 years that I absolutely loved. This was about a month ago, and although its been that long, it still feels surprisingly fresh.

I thought that things had subsided, and that I was going to be alright, but ever since about a week ago a slow and steady weight has been pushing on my being. I wake up in the morning terrified to start the day, spending more and more time staring vacantly and wondering how she is and how things are playing out.

Ever since she left, I hadn't really realized how much of a best friend she was to me. I could tell her anything, and be intimate with her, an intimacy I never treasured enough. And now that is gone, and I am missing it sorely. Before I could release any frustration with her, but now it starts to bottle up inside, regardless of my attempts to blow off some steam through creative or physical vents.

Like I said, about a week ago, this weight started to pile up. It kept growing and growing, until this morning. I got up, waited in bed for a while, and then finally made a quick breakfast and was changing into my work clothes when I noticed that familiar itch behind my eyes. In a matter of seconds, I was crying, and I was crying hard. Gasping quietly, I tried to push off the tears, push away the gentle but numbing pain, but it pushed back much harder this time. I was able to subside it and went to work, only to be attacked again. Once I was home, I took a shower, and absolutely broke down. I kept thinking "I am broken" over and over again. And I feel broken. I feel wrong. I feel odd. I don't fit in with where I am, because I am not very close with those I thought I was close to. Ever since a week ago, my fantasies about killing myself have garnered more and more attention, and terrifyingly enough, more vivacity and detail. One morning I found myself going over the intro's to all the letters in my head. 
And then this morning happened, and I felt genuinely scared for the first time. Maybe, after telling myself that everything is going to be okay, it's not? Maybe, things aren't going right. I've been afraid to face that, and now it's terrifying me by coming at me full force. 

I have struggled my entire life with self-image issues. I am not overweight, nor am I unfit, in fact I just biked 23 miles, but sometimes I don't see myself that way. I hate myself, I hate every action that I do.

So I sit here now, my friends voided, my self image shattered, and the one person that made me truly happy off with another man probably. I don't okay. I don't feel right. God, I'm starting to cry again. Do you know how embarrassing that is? 

I met a friend from home earlier today, and could barely choke out a few words before my face was covered with tears. I am very very glad I have her to talk to, but one friend? Plus, she'll get tired of hearing my incessant whining about this. 

I honestly cannot promise myself that everything is going to be okay. I don't feel right. I feel odd and off. I don't know what happened. I just don't know anymore.