I feel like I'll never be truly happy and that death is the only solution.I was a troubled child and i always had anxiety to some degree, when i was really small all i painted was black clouds, this is something i don't remember but my mother has told me. The first panic attack i remember was when i was 7 years old, after that everything went downhill, i was bullied in school, changed school, came back to my old school a couple of years later and it started, i broke down. I didn't leave my room for a year, i couldn't be outside my own room for longer periods of time before getting panic attacks. I got help after that year and i'm free from panic attacks now but i still have this gnawing anxiety inside that never stops. My first serious relationship ended when i was around 23, i took it really hard and didn't get over it for years. After that i dated some girls but, fell in love a few times but it was never mutual. Until i met my latest girlfriend who i loved with all my heart even tho she treated me like shit 90% of the time, i would have killed for her, i would have died for her. Even if i sometimes dreamt about being in a relationship without the abuse i never wanted to leave her. Then she left. And i broke down again, it's been several months now and i have been thinking alot about all sorts of things. I don't have the strength to go through this again, even if i would find someone new which is highly unlikely since i'm not really interested in finding another girl and girls doesn't really flock around me and never has. I see people and their happiness and i've never felt what they seem to feel, i see this pure joy and it makes me sad because i will never feel that. I can't see myself walking down the aisle with a beutiful woman as my wife, that's not my destiny. The only reason i haven't killed myself yet is because it would maybe destroy my family, but sometimes i feel like i'm a burden to them aswell. I want happiness and i want love but as i said it's not my destiny and it haunts me everyday. 