Why "asking for help" is not helpful adviceI can't remember how long I have been thinking about suicide. I can can remember a time when this was different, but for many years now those thoughts have been with me, though sometimes just as background noise. The people I have talked to didn't leave (I have read that this is a thing), but everyone (be it in person or on the Internet) keeps telling me to look for professional help. So I have tried; many times i have tried. It is easy to find some social worker or suicide-helpline to listen to you, but after a few tries, what they have to say becomes repetitive. At some point you have heard it all, and sometimes it is not about "just talking to someone". A person who doesn't know a suicidal mindset from within can not make the kind of connection that I need at those times; I need to be understood in order to not feel lonely at those times. 
So maybe I should talk to a professional? Even though it takes a lot of effort to get into therapy where I live (hardly any therapist has open slots), I have also tried this. Here I found it very hard to open up at all. I am really bad at talking about my feelings as it is; 1 hour has never sufficed to get even close to any topic that I find difficult to talk about. This time restriction left me with the option to talk about suicidal thoughts in a distant, rational manner (which my therapist found unhealthy). Furthermore I was constantly aware that this is his job. He has to listen to what I want to say, and he is displeased that I do it in a distant rational manner. For me this felt like a conflict. I just couldn't open up to him. When he tried to introduce me to group-therapy (possibly to show me how others talked to him about their feelings) and wouldn't meet with me alone anymore I left therapy (I am even worse at talking in groups). I know I should try again, but while feeling lonely I don't even get out of bed, I don't have the strength to fight for help; it is wrong that people who don't have the strength to live should have the strength to find help. 
I don't know how to get out of my current crisis. So far I haven't told anyone that I feel like this again. I don't want them to worry and/or spent their energy on getting me out of this. I will (yet again) find a way to fight through this alone. And so far, I have found this to work best. 