An Odd Situation, For me AtleastHi. So I'm a 17 year old in my last year of high school. I spend a lot of my time with my friends, or at work, or focusing on school. I want to start this off by saying that my life is in no way bad, and I'm aware that there are 17 year olds elsewhere in the world begging for the privileged life I live. And my heart aches for them, and I feel horrible for even entertaining the thought that I'm unhappy with my life.

I think that's where this begins. I'm in an awesome friend group. Within not just my school, but my whole town I'm pretty social and known. I know people from all the other schools, see everyone at parties, go out every weekend. Like I hardly spend time on my computer, or games, or even Reddit, or anything to be honest. I prefer to live all my life off screens. 

However, within all this I feel empty, and alone. There's a reason for that. I'm in a very close friend group of like 20 people, that I more or less made by introducing my friends to each other and etc.

I feel as if, whatever thoughts go on in my head, not a single person in the world who I physically know can relate and help me out. I have these things I want to talk about, and I can't.

I feel like I'm worthless. I feel like if I disappear, no one will actually notice. And that's proven true, like right now I've turned off all my social media and haven't gone to school in days. No one's really texted me saying, "Hey, is everything okay?". And while I want them to, I don't expect them to. This is because I know that I'm expendable, and I don't really matter much to anyone's life. 

Yeah, my parents care about me, my older brother, and even thought we're not close my two younger sisters care about me. 

My best friends care about me, the rest of my close friends care about me. But they also don't.

I feel like I'm just another face in a crowd, and there's no one I have an actual emotional connection to. To put it in a very stereotypical way... no one gets me. I'm there for some of my other friends, and for one particular person I actually have liked for a long time, I'm the only person who knows everything about her life and her own internal struggle.

However, I have tried to open up to other people about myself, and it's failed. I've tried to seek as much professional help as I can without letting my parents know that I'm going through something like this, and I've failed. Everyone is too busy dealing with their own stuff, and I get it. But it just hurts me that there's no one truly there for me, who actually cares about me. No one actually asks me on a daily basis, hey how are you? Did you eat today? How was school? How was work? What's up, what're you doing later?

I'm not a loser or an outcast or anything. I get invited everywhere, our whole group chat of all of us is constantly making plans. However, I just feel as if no one actually pays me any attention. And it's not just there. At school, teachers will literally come over to me when I have my hand up and walk away, or ignore my question. At work I get extremely stressed out because of the nature of my job. School is okay, but I know I could do better if I didn't have this cloud around my head.

My mom is constantly stressed between trying to raise us kids with my dad who works overtime every week to sustain for us. She also has had cancer for years now, so that makes it harder. My older brother is just trying to live his life, and so are my sisters. And there am I, the 2nd out of 4 kids. 17, with a faint goal of what I wanna do with my life in mind.

I have never actually seen a doctor, but I can only assume this is what some form of depression is. When I'm in my friends in large groups, I instantly get homesick, and even though I can get drunk and have my fun, or get high, or whatever, and I go to these big parties, I still feel empty. 

Because I know that at the end of the day, I have no actual emotional connection with anyone who truly cares about me. Not because they've kinda caught on that I'm dealing with something of this sort and they're looking out for me. Not because they feel obligated to because we are friends. I don't have anyone who truly genuinely 100% cares about me. 

I think that's why I want to kill myself, because I feel so alone in this world. I've written down some thoughts that came to my head, of suicide methods that would work out, and I would be found quite fast for my parents to have closure.

If I would do it, I wouldn't write a note. If no one cared before, I don't think anyone deserves to know what I was thinking.