I know I'm over-reacting but I have the ruge to end myselfHey! Long time no see. So, um, I relapsed like two weeks ago sometime before Christmas break because, I know it seems petty, my new History teacher (I'm at an 8 years school and when you're starting the fourth year, which is basically the first year of high school, they change your class' teachers) gave us a pop quiz when she said she wouldn't even oral test us the day before, which I shouldn't have to write because all unplanned things give me immense panic attacks and I cannot think rationally, it doesn't matter that I usually get a good grade anyway, my brain just short-circuits and I do batshit stuff *(yeah, I have papers for this, there's written that teachers are not to give me pop quizzes)* . Which wouldn't be that bad but she also started insulting us and mocking us for being absent sometimes and was just dreadfully rude and shouted a lot. I just couldn't bear it and harmed myself right afterwards at the school WC (fun fact: I was supposed to go ice skating with the rest of the class but nobody even noticed I wasn't there lol).






I obviously got yelled at by my parents and grandparents when they found out (I told them myself when I came to my senses) and my mum contacted the SPC (Special Pedagogic Centre) about the school not adhering to my plan. I didn't want her to do it because the teacher said that if anyone even dares to complain, there'll be hell. My mum is normally pretty calm but this wasn't the first time this particular teacher did something like this.






Well lads, now we're in the present, sorry the previous part was that long but it was essential. Because today, the teacher, who by the way promised to talk with my class about what makes us uncomfortable because allegedly other students were also having borderline mental breakdowns after her classes, walked in, insulted us for being "always absent" (I'm sorry madam, some of my classmates are literal competitive sportsmen, this school is a languages and sports school so like, I'd expect you to actually understand that they have competitions, they even have a special education plan) and went on to read the percent. She got to me and one of my better acquaintances (I don't do friends), we both have 36% because of health problems, she has physical, I have pssychical (it goes to mention that the sportsmen have mostly 32%), but we have been there for all the exams, yet she was angry and since my acquaintance was absent (told ya, health problems, she was at the hospital) she took it all out on me, saying I have no right to be that absent and, I quote, that she "won't comply with [my] requests" because I am absent a lot. I told her "I have appointments, I have to go to the doctors or I'll die!" And she said that she doesn't care and I should have papers for that *(I have the special papers, she has them, they were given to all the teachers)* and that she is giving me everything on a silver plate while the others must be angry (they aren't, they're fine with me having some perks, just like they're fine with the dyslexic guys in my class having some) (I also don't understand what she means by "giving me everything on a silver plate" when she literally goes against everything in my plan). My classmate tried to defend me and said that other teachers don't have a problem with my absense and she said "Ooh, they have, they just don't say it," and she concluded it with saying that she'll show this at the school consultation and I'm going to have a problem.




To top it all off, she gave everyone the results of the pop quiz except me and my other acquaintance who has very similar special needs to me. She gave us only copies and told us that she doesn't believe nor trust us and that we solve stuff as it suits us. I have no idea what that was supposed to mean.





So be it, you know :) ? She said it clearly: Don't go to your doctors, be at school. But if I don't see my therapist and psychiatrist, I'll freaking die! Cause I know myself good enough to know that I am going to commit suicide if I don't talk about my problems frequently! So, you know, might as well speed the process up! Maybe she'll be happy! I can't be at school if I'm dead but I also won't technically be absent cause I won't be in the papers anymore :)! Haha, you know? I wanted to do it today right after school to have it over with but one of my classmates latched onto me so I couldn't find a place to do it. I managed to cut myself a little though but nobody knows about it. I decided to do it tomorrow after school then, as I'll have lots of time. 






I used to tell my parents about stuff like this but they always yell at me so I don't want to confide to them anymore. My acquaintance is absent and my other one yells at me when I do something she doesn't like so I am scared of her, and the special needs one doesn't really care.