Kill myself or notLife doesnt always go according to plan. Honestly, there's no such thing as a plan. You push your proverbial bolder up the hill to have it roll back down again to only start all over. Tribulations, triumphs, mediocrity. Is there a point? Can you even truly decide for yourself. 

My life has not been uplifting for the past year an a half. Good moments few and far between. I have a wife, or I guess a psuedo wife as we are not technically together at the moment. She is an amazing loving person. But her past is dark. I dont feel I should elaborate. However, her constant gazing into the past and tainting her future has worn this relationship down to the ground. I have played my fair share, if not more, into the situation. She has guy friends, all of whom are single, and I've known about 3 of them since the start of the relationship. Weve taken breaks in the 4 years weve been together to just kind of reset ourselves and try to move forward. But during those times she has slept with other people. Weve gotten back together. Had major fights. A physical fight, nothing extreme. We both suffer from depression and both have anger problems. We also have 2 beautiful girls. Toddler and young girl. 

We get married and not 3 months later shes in bed with another guy... for money... because she thinks I'm stealing from her. I have a bad spending habit but that seemed to be her way of "digging us out of the hole" 

I have flirted sporadically with old flings of mine through snapchat, which she found out about. But as the years have gone on, I've never been able to restore her trust... at all... I have forgiven her for her mistakes and have only expected or asked that the same be extended to me. But no.

She freaks out on me if she even catches wind that I'm talking to a female regardless if its causeal, business or other wise but she can continue to talk to whoever she wants. During our recent break she tells me that I can talk to whoever I want as long as I'm open and honest. But then I find out shes been talking to some other dude again which she said is completely innocent. I grab her phone and text the dude. Apparently there was some sort of snapchat conversation where he was saying he could "support" her. I inquire about that to him via her phone then he calls me. I question him as to whether or not he knew about me and her situation and he said no.

I lost my fucking shit because i fake that it was so hypocritical. I immediately thought the worst. Shes fucking some dude again. I call her every name in the book. She slaps me. A lot. I spit in her face. She slaps me more. To the point now where I can barely eat. I will admit I shoved her and held her down a few times out of self defense.

Bad day right?

I started a calendar where if I have a bad day I'll put an X on that day. In 120 days if there are more X's than not I'm going to kill myself because I'm poison to her and my kids because I'm such a liar and have anger problems. 

My question is.. what constitutes a bad day or a good day or is there even such thing?