Alone, depressed, and anxious. Nothing brings relief.I'm in what should be the prime of my life. This means I should be beyond being neglected, hitting puberty, being a teen, being rejected, being in high school, being bullied, being in college, finding a job, being 20 something, losing a job, losing family, being institutionalized, going through the rehab system. I should be beyond all that because I have a new job. I changed my routines. I sought help. I'm doing the right things. I'm 'high-functioning'.
I say all this to show that this is not a temporary problem. Demographics are irrelevant. This is not something I will outgrow. It's a problem inherent within me, regardless of what's happening to me.
No matter where I am or who I'm with, I have existed in isolation my entire life. The anxiety and depression ensure this.
I've seen councilors, I've seen psychologists. I've been hospitalized/institutionalized on a few occasions. I've been monitored, been in group therapy, I've had ECT. I'm taking prescriptions, I'm seeing a psychiatrist, I practice mindfulness. I remind myself to drink water. I force myself to do a moderate amount of exercise every day. I hate feeding myself, but I graze on healthy food when I have to eat. All these things prop me up enough so that I can hold down a job and rent an apartment. I can keep myself alive, but everything I consume is wasted. I have been dragging myself through life for so many years, and I'm so incredibly tired.
My family just smiles and pretends I'm making this up. My two friends are so sick of hearing from me that I just don't bring it up anymore. It's easier to keep a friend if I show interest in them once or twice a month, without mentioning anything about myself.
Being attracted to someone makes me suicidal. It always has. Unfortunately I'm not asexual, so the situation arises every day at work, online, and whenever I go out. I don't know what it's like to be close to someone. I have tried, but it has never been beneficial for either party. The closer I get, the more extreme the anxiety becomes. It's overwhelming and unsustainable. I break down. I scare them. The 'relationship' ends before it begins.
I have tried. I am trying. After all the help I've gotten, I feel guilty for still feeling this way. But right now I'm wondering if what I'm trying to suppress is only natural. I'm fighting against what my body is telling me to do. I don't want to exist. My life, and my death, are meaningless.
I don't know what I'm asking for. Sorry for bitching. At least this is on the internet now.