Insecure, Agonized and FrustratedToday, I was on our attic trying to find something
I saw boxes of memories collecting dust in the corner
I saw memories of my childhood and my brother's and sister's childhood
I saw memories that once used to lurk in my thoughts
I saw something and I said to myself: "I think I struck gold"
It was my dear mom's diary of 1997-1998
It had a lock on it but it easily broke because of the rust.
I read it and found the day when I was born.
I saw my story.
I wanted to see more of my story so I went back 9 months in the diary
After a while, I saw a page that said that my parents had intercourse
But it also included that my dad used contraceptives.
I suddenly felt useless in this world
No other reason but to deprive them from their health, finance and everything else that matters most to them.
My life goals shattered with my purpose
I wanted to stop cleaning our attic because I've seen enough now
I immediately went to sleep
I remember trying to overdose myself
but I just vomited the pills a minute after because of trying to suffocate myself for a sure death on the spot
A few weeks later, my mom checked on our attic.
It was still dirty because as I've said, I didn't want to do it
She was very rough on me, and only me in the whole world
So I was forced to clean the dirty place.
Months later, I decided that
If God really existed, why can't I feel his so called "love"?
So I turned against everything
And everything turned against me
So now I ask myself: "Why am I still here?"
"What did I do to be that one person in the world who nobody cares about?"
But I kept asking myself the most important question:
"Why?"
So now, I dropped out of school
I didn't do anything all day except finding factual things in this world
I once was judged as the happiest person is our college
They did not know the walls of despair I was trapped in
They only knew that If they'd hit me, I wouldn't take revenge
They only knew that If I get into an incident with someone, I take the blame even if I've done nothing to hurt them
We are lucky enough to live in limited years
We are lucky enough not to suffer in agony
But some are in agony
And we can't fix a broken mirror
Without having to get cut
Without having to get hurt
Without having to get tired
And even if we work hard fixing a broken mirror
Nothing will ever be the same