I feel like Biff Loman.In highschool I had several friends--close friends-- that I loved to be around and had so much fun with. But for some reason, I seemed to have peaked and then slowly started spiraling downward. I became more and more introverted and started losing friends one by one. It wasn't particularly my choice to leave them, I just became so tired of keeping up conversations I really didn't care about. I began to feel alone with my friends. It was always the worst at parties. I don't think I ever stayed the whole duration because they always made me so depressed and utterly alone. Its kind of funny because I guarantee no one of my old friends or people that I knew in high school would ever think I am depressed, lonely, and just completely tired. I was a big deal in high school, people cared and I was relevant. I was an artist and people really enjoyed my work. I loved the attention and I felt very supported by people. But there was always something so hollow about their praise-- something so transparent that it was difficult to ignore. It just felt so phony and fake. I don't mean to sound like Holden Caulfield here-- but I think most people can agree that most people put up a corny facade. I started to become very dark as I detached myself more and more. I was *obsessed* with death. I wanted to commit suicide but 1.) I was too much of a wimp to ever execute it, and 2.) I didn't want to hurt my family. I guess another reason I never went through with it is because I'm just down-right lazy. I always wanted something to happen to me-- like a car crash, so it wouldn't like I died by my own hand. I graduated high school and everyone left for college. I was supposed to go to art school but ended up going to community college to save money- I didn't really mind. By this time I was completely alone-- no friends at all. I spent my first year of college alone and depressed and I became irrelevant all too quickly. I stopped drawing because I just didn't care anymore. I'd just drive to school and then come home. Everyday, the same routine-- school, home, school, home, school, home. I felt so trapped and suffocated. I felt as though I lost all social capability and wasn't able to even talk to people. I felt like Biff Loman from "Death of a Salesman". My dad read that book when I left it on the counter in my junior year of high school and cried at the ending. He found it relatable, he said. He'd explain how the Biff and his father reminded him a lot of our relationship; which has always been awful... well more non-existent than awful. There's always just an awkward tension between us. I remember reading Infinite Jest and thinking my dad and I's relationship was a lot like Jim and Orin's. Just really weird and uncomfortable without anyone knowing why... Anyways, I've been alone for a while now and have a hard time seeing where my life is headed. I honestly think I may be living with my parents for the rest of my life. I have no interests anymore-- nothing excites me like it used to. I'm just so tired. I want to sleep and never wake up, and I know that sounds a little cliche, but its so true. I'm tired of pretending everything is okay and the world is worth living in and that one day it will get better and that one day I'll meet someone and *finally* be happy. Sorry for such a long post, just needed to vent. 