I can't talk to anyone I knowMy wife and I were high school sweat-hearts and were together for 10 years and were 10 days away from out 5 year wedding anniversary when she passed. When we graduated college we were both working in our field of work, me in IT and she in environmental science. However with school loans and newly weds we barely brought in enough money. I found a new job out of state in South Carolina(where I grew up) and the new job paid more than double what we made together in Ohio. So we took the chance and moved down.

Unfortunately when we moved was in the middle of the big recession in 2008-2009. She couldn't find a job in her field as easily as we thought we could. She took a job at a hotel as a receptionist. While the first year was quite good for us to have our own fresh start, my wife began feeling depressed. My wife was diagnosed with depression when we first started dating in sophomore year. It stemmed from a now known chemical imbalance we found out later and emotional and physical abuse from her mother. When we moved down here the depression we though we had under control manifested again because she felt worthless. My wife was one of the smartest people I knew and graduated college early with honors. So working a menial job in her eyes was a waste of her time.

In 2011 I came home one day from work with her crying in our bathroom. I opened the door to find her covered in blood after cutting her self on all of her extremities. She had to be taken to the hospital and after recovering from her wounds was administered to a psych ward for a month. During her stay she was diagnosed with severe depression, OCD, and borderline personality disorder. I should of immediately moved back home with her but didn't. Instead we built a home in SC and promised to have the family she always wanted to give her something to look forward to.

When she was admitted to the psych ward she lost her job which was also seen as a failure on her. When we moved into our home I didn't realize how expensive her treatments and the insane amount of medications she was on was going to be. She had picked up a cashiering job but was just as miserable and it paid nothing like her old job. Now however we were stuck in a mortgage and I couldn't just pack up and move back home for her to be around friends and family. We were in major debt from credit cards due to all the hospital/mental health visits. I started to resent her a little bit because of the debt and not being able to help her. The meds they had her on made her sleep literally any time she wasn't at work and made her act like a zombie when doing neither. I felt like my wife wasn't there anymore and began keeping my self occupied with other things rather than her when I wasn't working.

The night before everything still haunts me. It was after dinner and I sat on the computer in our front room. She came up behind me and hugged me. She asked "You know I love you right?" Without even looking up at her I just said "I know". She took her meds and went to the bedroom. The meds they had her on constantly caused severe dry mouth and she would be getting up a dozen or so times in the night to get water. This caused us to sleep in separate bedrooms so I could get some sleep at night. That night I was still up at 2 in the morning watching TV. She came stumbling out of the bedroom as she usually did when she was on her night meds. She went to the fridge for water and tried to tell me something but it was mumbled and I couldn't understand her. I was annoyed...and I yelled at her to just go back to bed. I hated seeing her like that. The last thing my wife heard me say to her was an angry yell for her to go to bed.

The next morning I woke up and walked into the bedroom to shower and get ready for work. To my surprise she was actually sleeping soundly. When I finished getting ready I tried waking her but got nothing from here. I figured the meds just had her knocked out and went to work. I tried texting her a few times during the day but got nothing. When I came home from work I found my wife dead in our bed. I had selfishly left my wife to die alone. My wife's death is my fault. The coroner marked her death certificate suicide. She had taken to much of one of her medications by accident or on purpose I will never know. Whether she did or not does not matter. I failed my wife. It was my job to make sure she was happy and healthy and I failed. No one will punish me for it. And I hate that.

My wife's younger sister I have known since she was 10 is also a product of her abusive mother. Instead of cutting and self abuse she turned to drugs. She was a heroin addict living out of her car when her sister died. To keep my self here I promised her family I would move her down away from all her triggers and make sure she got back on her feet. I have kept good on my promise and she has been clean ever since. She will be starting college this spring and has come out as bright wonderful woman.

In the last 6 months however I have been considering suicide as a real solution to my situation. The urge to help my sister is no longer enough to keep my thoughts from wandering. All of the extra hobbies I took on to keep me busy are not a distraction. I don't want to be here anymore. I purchased a gun under the guise from my family and my sister for protection. However I have had many occasions sitting alone at night with that gun. The only thing that stops me is I don't want to burden my sister with the image of finding me. When she does finally move out I don't think that will be an issue anymore. So in the mean time I do hope I get hit by a semi or get some sort of disease. No one can be mad at me if either of those happen.

I am a 27 year old widow with a house and no family to fill it. I hate seeing all of my acquaintances from school getting married and having children. I hate that they are happy. I will not seek professional help on these feelings. I have seen first hand what the mental health system does to people. They just drug you up to shut you up. I just want my sister out of the house so I can go away.