I think about this every day.Every single day I want to kill myself.  It is definitely getting worse.  And by worse, I'm starting to think it's just not a big deal--I mean why not?  I sorta tried to kill myself once and it took a lot of planning and a lot of trying.  I ended up thinking that it was easier to just live through the day than to try that again.  Well.... I guess you could say my days are getting worse.  Now I'm starting to re-evaluate.

It started out as having extreme, very extreme anxiety.  I tried to get doctors to help me, but just my luck I kept meeting doctors or medical assistants who thought I was looking for a fix, and offered me anti-depressants instead.  I definitely didn't want those, I had cut myself pretty badly while taking Wellbutrin and didn't want to do that again.  (Although it's quite the cute little high for a while.)

My boyfriend was a real goddamned peach.  He tried to beat these words into my head:  that I was playing victim, that I needed to be strong, that I was being irresponsible--that whole line of thinking.  I honestly couldn't believe he was really saying those things.  I tried to talk to him about it--I'm always real kind of... resentful if while not feeling well I have to actually protect myself.

He actually punished me--he thought it would be "good" for me to learn a lesson if I lost my $600 apartment (that he was fucking me in, and spending lots and lots of time in) and ended up living with people (which I was deeply afraid of for good reason).  He actually had one of those crazy conversations with me where he tried to convince me that what he doing was for my own good--and he made me say it out loud, like a terrible awful movie.

But I don't know if this is really about him, I think it's because I never really got treated for the anxiety, and I started working, very silly jobs just to work for the hell of it, just to do something.  I haven't had space of my own in six months, and now I'm working a second job as well, and I left that so-called boyfriend bc he wouldn't stop harassing me.....

I just think, I think that that untreated very severe anxiety that I had (that my boyfriend wanted me to "be strong" about and LITERALLY gave me no choice about) has turned against me, it has festered or something, I'm past the point of depression, I mean I really really wish I were dead--to the point that I'm not sure exactly why I'm still alive.  I don't think I'm actually going to "do it."  But the feeling I have is just SO STRONG.  Strong enough, real enough, to write this.

Funny, it seemed like I had such a good day.  Talked to everybody at my new job, made everybody laugh, matched everybody's personality--I mean, I was perfect.  Weird that I just want to be dead and just don't even care about anything.  I don't know how that happens.  I try..... I really do.