I want to help my best friend out, but I am so damn bad at communicating...Last night I was talking with my best friend (T) on the phone, and things seemed to be totally normal, but then his voice changed and he started saying things like "I don't have any friends", "I'm just an asshole", "I'm annoying and no one likes me", "my jokes are old and no one likes them", "no one cares or loves me" and things of the like. He and I both have depression so I know what that's like but he's never really spoken that much about it with me directly. I tried to talk him out of what he'd said, but he didn't believe me.

And I get that (i still felt hurt but I get it), he's had a lot of bad breakups in the past (like 10 girls) and they never meant what they said to him, they just used him for what they wanted. I don't think anyone has ever genuinely said "I love you" or "I care about you" to him, and I wanted to, but I know he won't believe me. He even told me he doesn't know if I'm using him or not and idk how to tell him I care and make him believe. I really don't, and its making me depressed at this point, but I don't want to tell him that bc then it will make him even MORE depressed. You see this shitty cycle?

His best friend moved away recently (one that he knew longer and was most likely a better friend than I am), and with it, his friend took his Xbox one. (T only gave to him to update and idrk what the fuck happened). T told me that this other friend won't answer his text and he's scared they won't talk to each other anymore. That they won't be friends anymore. Idk how to help since I wasn't close with the other person, but I did tell him we could try to visit him over break. He didn't believe me.

 Recently his older brother beat him to a pulp and he had to stay away for a while. Here, he has no internet and no one at home except a shitty mom and step dad that just yell at him. I gave him books from my collection to read, but he gave them back to me since he was too depressed to even pick them up. 

He told me he hasn't gotten anything for Christmas for the past two years and I did get him things but he doesn't believe me.

He has a lot of medical problems too. Asthma (his breathing level is half of what it should be), back problems, stomach problems, migraines, pancreatitis, lately he hasn't been able to feel his left arm and the nurse thought he was going to have a stroke. (he's only 15)

His grades arent the best either. I've been trying to help him get them up and study for finals but we both have ADHD and doing things like that are hard bc it all just blends and we get distracted very easily. His grades are very bad (Ds and Cs, but they used to be Ds and Fs so I think I have helped a little) and so he doesn't think he's going to be able to get his dream job (graphic designer), and I;m just,,,, so,, worried about him. He told me he's been faking being happy bc "you have to keep a positive attitude, right?" I didn't know he felt like this at all and today he just pretended like we didn't say anything to each other last night. I'm so damn scared he's going to hurt himself or stop talking to me and I just really don't know what to do.

TL;DR: How do I tell my best friend I care and love him and make him believe me? How do I help push my best friend in the right direction? And also how do I help him stick around so we can both see if the future will be better together? 

PS: sorry for poor writing, I just got back from playing at a concert and I am exhausted