My step father is repeatedly telling me that he's going to divorce my mother because of him having to provide for me. I feel like suicide is the only option as I can't support her or myself.I suffer from severe depression and anxiety among other problems that I'd rather not go into detail about that prevents me from functioning in nearly any social circumstance, and my family has been in poverty for a long time. I've tried to get a job several times only to not be considered after an interview on the phone or otherwise.

Understandably, my parents and step dad find this hard to bear. My mom is sad over my condition but handles it. The fact of that matter is that, I'm a leech. On society, but mostly for my parents which work to support me.

Recently, my step-dad has been threatening me, personally, with divorce (divorcing my mom, so to speak).

He makes it expressly clear that it is MY fault, and my fault alone. While my mom is less confrontational, she's essentially said similar things to me i.e. "Me and X will divorce only because of you"

I've had suicidal thoughts for a long time now, but have always been grounded by the belief that there were people around me who loved me.

Except now everyobdy is sick. My dad is threatening to leave my Mom because of me, ruining her financially for the rest of her life, putting her in a cardboard box hungry on the streets of some city as a homeless 60 year old woman, my girlfriend routinely reminds me that she hates me and wants me to die, my Mom cries and has stress induced back pain every night. I can hear her crying through the wall.

I am causing their lives to fall apart. And I don't know what do. "Get a job", "Put soem effort into it", "Fix your life". Well drugs aren't fixing it, motivation isn't fixing it, discipline isn't fixing it.

I have no drive, I have no use, I make life worse for everybody around me, and I'm a leech financially. 

I just want to die. It's not selfish anymore. IT's not petty. If I die now, I can break my Moms heart, but I can save her financial future. A mentally broken hobo is worse than a heartbroken woman that is being provided her. A girl with baggage is better than a girl who is with somebody she despises. A guy is better off working one job instead of two to support a disabled fuckwit.

I'm just desperately hoping for a branch to fall onto.

I don't want consoling words...I want a way out...and I think there's only one here. I can't handle the sight of everybody I know having their life fall apart because I can't push myself to lift a finger.