Something really unfair happened at work and it made me want to kill myselfDespite my chronic depression, my life was going pretty okay because I take my pills and I get psychotherapy regularly. A few weeks ago, our boss asked our team to plan regular meetings with 3 clients. He told the team leader (very charismatic but also very cunning) to divide the team in 3 groups and assign a client to each group. 1 of the 3 clients we were asked to meet is a huge pain in the ass, so I thought that the team leader would distribute the clients randomly. The team leader's group got the friendliest client and we ended up getting the shittiest client. I quietly accepted the result, believing that there were no irregularities. But one day, another coworker told me that he witnessed the team leader manipulating the process. She picked the piece of paper with the name of the shittiest client and redid the process while no one was looking. After picking her piece of paper again and making sure she didn't get the shitty client, she asked the other groups to pick their piece of paper. Outraged by what my coworker told me, our group decided to ask the other two groups to redo the process. We faced harsh criticism from the two other groups because they got the friendly clients and we were accused of complaining just because we got the shitty client. It also didn't help that the team leader has a lot of charisma, whereas my coworker and I have zero charisma. Who are you going to believe, the charismatic team leader, or two non-charismatic team members? I was about to tell them that a coworker witnessed the team leader cheating, but accusing her of cheating without hard evidence was just going to sink us in deeper shit, so my coworker and I decided to shut up. This is not the first time that the team leader pulls dirty shit like this. So now we are stuck with the shitty client because the team leader abused her power.

This experience has plunged me into a nasty suicidal abyss. When someone abuses their power, they should be exposed to the public and be censored for their actions. Understanding that in world, people (especially people with a lot of charisma) get away with shit like this all the time made me sincerely want to hang myself.