no optionsi don't know why im posting here, no one ever is able to tell me something I haven't thought of before.

sorry if there are no spaces, i don't have the energy to go through and fix it, this is copypasted from somewhere else.

I want to kill myself but i'm a coward, and the only way I could see myself doing it is not effective. but i don't see what else I can do

I am going to fail school because i have no ability to do anything (im not dumb, I just have no energy, no ability to start things, no ability to think,) i had explicit dot points I just had to change into complete sentences. i just couldn't. took me three hours to do like 2 paragraphs some members of my family will attack me for that. writing this is really tiring too, but i need to get it out to think because i cant think inside my head anymore
I've layed in bed for three days straight, only coming out to have one meal, and go to the toilet.
im so trumatized. basically, you name it, it's been done to me. rape, attempted murder, my mum was a junkie when i was unborn ( i tihnk that's where a lot of my brain problems come from) I can't function, but people expect me too
I've gone psychotic like my father, but no professional believes me. last month i was convinced i was talking to demons and that everyone either fake or working ffor the aliens that control the world. i have pages on pages of song lyrics rearranged to form messages. ( im not having an episode right now, but i can feel the paranoia coming again)
but 'it's just part of your religion' ' it's just your imagination' ' you don't see things, it's just tricks of the light'
some people care. some don't. my sister was raped recently in her room. her rooms messy but she doesn't like going in there. one of my caregivers has basically said ' i don't care', just want thaat room cleaned'.
and like if he can't understand why the hell she can't go in her room at the moment. he's not going to understand anything about me.
heard him say 'her fault for leading him on' she's only 15.... honestly if he said it again I would knock him flat, i don't care.
but im not well enough to live on my own.
i can't go into hospital because i don't trust medical stufff because the past two doctors i've seen have been either imcompetent or abusive.
I don't want to leave my sister with that care giver. i don't want her ruined like i am

i've tried reaching out in so many ways in the past few days, but there is always something stopping me, or the advice isn't helpful
theres just no options for me.