After suicide, there is no pain or regret!Yesterday I was reading about Joseph Stalin, I was scrolling down I noticed a quote that said
" suicide is the solution, No man, no problem". I was thinking about it all day. I used to cry, when I used to think about my parents or family,  What will happen when I end my life, but it's just pain. It's temporary. The moment I am die, I won't have pain or regret. I would have no emotions. That can help me to kill myself. Yes, they will suffer. It's ok. I can't have cake and eat it at the same time. I can't expect them to be normal after my death. If I want to die, then their life's will be affected. I need to accept that. Millions of people killed themselves. Lots of people killed themselves today on 2 April 1970, 1980 and so on. It's normal. Pain is only there when you are alive, after death no pain no regret. Lots of people have done it, I can to. Suicide can help you. You can escape anything. If you are born poor, rather than  living in shittty conditions commit suicide. If you know you won't become rich, commit suicide. If you know you have low IQ, commit suicide. If you commit a crime and about to be caught, commit suicide. Any, situation you have, you have a choice to face it or not. You have a power to escape. You are a GOD, you can decide when to die. When to escape. IT'S a gift you have. No matter what you do, make progress in mental illness people will kill commiting suicide. That's a fact. If I decide now, I  want to kill myself I will go to tallest building and jump. See I don't need to  deal with fact about failure in future, having no money, having mental deficiency, having low IQ, knowing won't make my mom happy. I can escape my hopeless life. Yay! I know my future is shit. I know I will be just a victim of regret, failure and stupidity. Why to face that? Why to work a shitty Job, create more mouths to feed, why to live whole life, being a failure?  Why not put an end? 
Why to live in a shitty world? Where innocents die and evil live. God protects evil, do you ever wonder why good people are killed, raped and victims of terrorists violence? Why evil people still enjoy and are at top? Look at Clintons, CIA, terrorists? Look at Pablo Escobar he killed millions of people, their families and so on. Then also his family is still alive, while he destroyed thousand of families? See how God world's, he is evil. I don't want to live no more. I need to be a psychopath to survive. I need to be ruthless to be rich. I need to use people and then throw them.  Innocents die, are manipulated, they suffer the most, while rich and evil rule the world. I would love to be evil. Schools and colleges don't teach you how to be ruthless, how to wear mask of sanity, open charity, get rebates and fool average people.