I feel worthless, a waste of air, and like a terrible person.I've never told anyone about my suicidal tendencies in fear that my parents will find out and make me more miserable, or worst of all, have them more disappointed In me.

I'm a very social person, but at the same time, I'm very socially awkward, especially to people who intimidate me. I don't give in to peer pressure, rather I do things I know I shouldn't be doing, just because it makes me excited.

I'm a terrible person, there's no doubt about it. No matter how hard I try, I'm always an asshole or a creep. I try hard to be a better person, and to do better in general. But I always fail.

I feel like my life will never make an impact on anybody or anything. I've devoted the past 4 years of my life to computer programming, because I honestly believe it's the one thing I can use to build my life upon. I planned to go to college, and work for some high tech company, make a good income, and feed my "perfect" family. But nothing is ever perfect. The more I program, the less I enjoy it. To the point at which I hate it. That now it's a chore. The only way I can earn money, to pay for the drugs that help me do well in school. Because Im so exhausted from everything, I can't focus without drugs. Everything exhausts me, I can't fall asleep, so I stay up on reddit. If my family new how I really was, they would be so deeply disappointed in me.

I get to thinking... My life isn't too terrible right now, right? My life is far for great, or even good. I don't enjoy a damn thing. I spent the past year taking every opportunity to make myself happier. But every action has its consequence, and it's just as shitty as its always.

For as long as I can remember, way back into my elementary years and maybe even younger, I felt like a waste of air. What was my purpose to be here. And I've always known the answer, there is none. I've been told, our purpose is to produce offspring. But in this over populated world, I think that answer may be a bit out dated. Other people tell me that our purpose is to make a better future for our children. And I agree with that. Except we are doomed. We've dug ourselves into a hole that we can get out of. I don't want my kids to grow up in this shit hole that we call America. Sure, I could move, but there goes the life I built here. There goes the years I dedicated to creating a foundation for my future. A foundation that is essentially useless.

I don't like the life I live, I try so hard to change it, but I always end up in the same place. I don't want my kids to grow up like I did. My entire life I knew I wanted to have a family. Whether it be with a women and our children we have, or with a man (I'm bisexual) and with the children we adopt.

I'm also afraid I'll turn out like my father, a bipolar alcoholic. I don't want my children to deal with that. I feel like to be on the safe side, I shouldn't have children. Spare them the difficulties they'll have to face. I'd rather crush my dreams than the lives our the future generation.

I just want it all to stop. I just want to end things because things can only get worse from here. I'm too pussy to kill myself. I've tried before, and things didn't work out very well. I really just need someone to talk to right now.