What if he's rightI'm too tired to really type out any real details. I've had ideation for a very very long time. Last year there was a period of time where that lifted, and I felt on top of the world. During that time I met someone. tl;dr he ended up telling me that people like me don't get love and then ghosting me. There's a lot more details than that but I just really can't go over everything.

I had thought I was asexual before I met him and was just coming to terms with that. And now I know I'm not, but what if he's right? What if no one ever loves me? It's one of my worst fears. What if someone who said that to me is the last person to ever touch me, and he touches many others and forgets me, but I'm forever unable to forget him?

It's not so much that I still want him, but it's so painful to carry this weight knowing I'm alone in it, and I feel too pathetic to reach out to anyone about it.

On top of that, my friends and I have barely hung out this year due to everything going on and I don't even really feel like we are friends anymore. I at least have a close friend at work now but she lives kind of far. I don't want her to think less of me for feeling so bad about all this, even though that could be wrong. Basically this has confirmed every fear that I have about myself. That I'm worthless. That I'm forgettable. Undesirable. Worthless. Worthless. Worthless. And it's brought back my ideation so hard. I don't even know what to do. I'm too scared to do anything, always too scared. But I'm alone in this. I feel too heavy to move on with my life, and I don't know what to do. I'm so scared because I'm 27 and it's like how am I going to find someone to marry and have a family with anytime soon? What if I just never have that and i reeally am alone forever? What if he's right, what if he's happy and I'm not? What did I do wrong?

I should mention that the reason he told me people like me don't get any love was because I said that I wanted to be in love with someone before actually sleeping with them...and today I found out he's in a relationship with someone since this summer. Why wasn't I worth trying for?