A deadbeat accidentYeah this shite is long so I don't expect anyone to read this whole thing. But why oh why did my parents have to have me. A kid who was literally an accident from the day I was conceived. I have no real talents, social skills, or friends, and in fact I don't want any. People seem to only wanna be your friend if it makes them look good or helps then; parties, money, drugs, more friends. When people realize you're just some loner dude, they assume there's a good reason. Must be a cocktail of sketchy, and weird and you're not worth talking to. 
Doesn't seem to really make a difference if u act like a douche, nice as fuck, or somewhere in between if ur ugly lookin, cuz then you should also be funny, smart, talented, good at getting intoxicated; something, anything distinctively attractive/charismatic to others. 
Most people are a good combination of these things but I'm really none of them, and never truly have been, and thus have never had a true friend in my life. I come off as awkward and in my own universe because that's about right considering the amount of rejection and ghosting I've gone through.

I've never been given reasons for getting dumped either. People historically prefer to disappear on me over having any conversation and I just don't understand that. It's like I'm being treated and looked at as like I'm an escaped sex offender, satanist. I've never been a gossip or manipulative bitch or done anything seriously wrong.
Really I'm a pretty good person with a pretty good heart and I don't even think my social skills are just totally beyond repair either. I'll admit I'm decently slow, awkwardx and quirky, but I've know this since childhood and still never thought I'd have this much trouble finding a genuine friend or two. It just feels unfair to even be this awkward and lonely when you're not a shitty person.
 Pretending I suddenly don't exist  apparently the preferred easier solution to holding any conversation when breaking off a feiendship/relationship. At this point it almost feels entirely pointless trying to connect with others when I'm completely worthless at fitting and constantly doomed to this cycle of getting dumped once people realize I'm useless at running conversations and most other things

Fuck my genetics and fuck people who won't give weird motherfuckers a chance and only want the friends who will benefit them and make them look nice