No matter where I am, the right bridge for me is just an hour away.I've picked out all the good ones, where there is zero risk of surviving the impact(over land and 400+ feet) and even lower risk of generating anything more than an article in some podunk newspaper that won't even have my name. In terms of the world, me dying will have zero meaningful impact as I couldn't possibly be more of a nobody. And with covid still raging I can hopefully get my wish of not having a funeral or being remembered in any way.

The shitty part is I have an amazing family who inexplicably loves me deeply and tries to support me but I'm getting to the point where it's fucking unethical to keep accepting help only to throw it all off the side of the bridge. I was supposed to die a decade ago when I jumped off a balcony and yet I somehow miraculously survive with no permanent injury? It would have been perfect, just an idiot dying in a drunken accident, and by today I'd barely even cross their mind, having accomplished literally nothing in life except to be a leech on my hardworking family and last remaining friend. My sister's professor's even hooked her up with A's since she had to fly across the country, and that totally helped her out.

Therapy can't make up for accomplishing nothing or pay off my crippling debt, and medication just makes it easier to pretend I want to be alive, accomplishing nothing meaningful except to make other people feel better. 

I already know about the impact of suicide so you need not explain it to me, I've read almost every suicide bereavement post I could get my hands on as a way of staving off the inevitable in hopes that something might change. But the only thing that changes for me is that I get deeper into a hole that I have zero motivation to climb out of.

I'm done maintaining the facade and as it falls apart I've just been hurting the people closest to me and I'll continue to do as long as I'm alive. If I'm going to just cause pain for them anyways I might as well just do the least damage I possibly can by getting it over with sooner rather than later.