Need direction in life.I need help, suicidal thoughts are consuming me.

I'm currently stuck. I'm 23 and trying to decide what to do with my life. Currently work as an administrative assitant at a cemetery making 30k.

Want to go to College, but because of mistakes when I was 18, I have to pay out of pocket for classes until financial aid kicks in again. Paying for classes these next two semester halve my savings.
I originally wanted to go back to school for computer science, but am not sure I could do it because of the financial stress. Therefore I have settled for business.
Even when it does kick in, I would need to work full-time and do school part-time for 5-6 + years. 
If I was to go to school full time I would likely graduate with 50-80k in debt. 
My family is poverty stricken so nobody can help me in regard to finances.
I am also scared that if I don't get educated to the same level of my intelligence I will become resentful and blow my brains out one day.

I was also looking into getting an AAS in networking, but it doesn't appear IT pays very well in Las Vegas and the positions are very few in number.

I have been looking at tradeschools to become an electrician, but am not sure if that is a viable option since I am color blind. 
Also not sure how much I would enjoy working in the 100+ degree weather of Las Vegas.

My other option is switching to the sales department at my current job. I could potentially make 45-65k doing that. My concerns with this is how unstable it could be. 
Also the fact I would likely be stuck in sales the rest of my life.

What I really want in life is a stable job so I can have a family one day. 

Everyday I choose something different. I need to make a decision within a week, that is when tuition is due.

This has been an ongoing issue the last few months and I am losing my mind. My have been on all different kind of pills the last few months thanks to my psychiatrist and just recentley saw a therapist.

If you checkout my post history you'll learn even more about me. 

Please help. This is driving me to suicide. 