I want to help my best friend.Hey, reddit.

I'm an introverted 17-year-old guy from the United States. My best friend, let's call him Jim, is an introverted 18-year-old from the United Kingdom.

We've known each other for around 4/5 years now and have become best friends. Despite most of our contact being text based via the Steam client and or some variations of Skype, TeamSpeak, Google Hangouts, or whatever else - our friendship is in fact very real.

One thing I should point out is that we both have a fairly dark sense of humor. I want to say about a year or so ago, my buddy was joking about suicide, but despite being joked about before, that time I couldn't tell exactly whether or not he was serious, so I ended up getting in contact with a mutual friend whom was able to contact the police there. Luckily, it was just a joke, and when the police came to his house he was just chatting with his mom.

Anyway, I'll give some background I guess, maybe it'll be helpful. Jim and I met through online gaming on Steam around 4/5 years ago, and quickly grew closer - and now, we're the best of buds. Over the past oh, I don't know, year and a half or so, we've been talking about some plans for the future. We're both the sort of people who don't exactly see the standard route that people usually take in life as being the one for us, as in - go to school, get good grades, get into a good college, get a good job, get a family, die. Not that there's anything wrong with that lifestyle, it's definitely the safest route to take, but we just don't see ourselves going that route.

Jim is essentially done with schooling, but he's basically getting what is considered a GED in the United States - I can't recall what its name is. I, myself am finishing my Junior year of High School and then more than likely  dropping out in order to either A) Get my GED, or B) finish my senior year at an online school.

Anyway, Jim's dad owns what is essentially a website design company, and he's been working with his dad the past couple of years, because he ended up dropping out of his schooling to be homeschooled. However, his dad is moving on to a different company, so Jim and I are actually going to be taking it over.

There are a few reasons for this, one, both of us have no fucking clue what we're doing in life, and at least this way we can sort of go through it together. And also, we both just want to be able to pursue our true interests - mine being music, and Jim's being... well, he's jumped between some things, primarily things to do with eSports, but I'll get to that in a bit.

So, our plan is all good, we're kind of taking it one step at a time, both our parents are on board. It's likely he'll actually be coming to visit my family and I before the end of the year.

Anyway, Jim has kind of always been like this, but recently it's been worrying me a lot more and talking to him about it doesn't seem to be helping.

Jim has stated to me repeatedly that he feels lonely in life, despite what we're planning to do together. He's kind of always talked about suicide casually, but I don't know, recently it's seemed like he's a lot more serious. I've tried talking to him about it a bit, but I feel as if I may be pressing too hard. He's been saying how he wants to die, but really, I can't tell if he's all serious or not, he refuses to talk to me about it, so I'm left with no choice but to take it seriously.

I don't know, he's just been generally sad I think.

To be honest, I don't know what else to put, and I apologize that my thoughts are kind of jumbled up and may not make the most sense, it's one of the costs of being introverted. 

I guess what I'm asking for is some advice. I'm not really too sure how I should pursue this. There are two reasons I want to help him as much as I can - one, he's essentially my surrogate brother.  He's the one guy I trust, whom I can pretty much speak to about anything. And second, this plan of ours - it's my one shot. The backup plan for me is to do exactly what makes me so miserable now - going to school.

I just want to help my friend. Thanks for reading this long jumbled mess.

edit: I forgot to mention. Feel free to ask for any other details you might find helpful.