It's all my faultLong post here.  Been feeling a lot of emotions the past few months, with no one to really talk about it with, so I'll post here and see what happens.

I've been married for almost 2 years (February 2015).  My wife and I got married after about 1.5 years of dating, but because of legal issues, we had to rush our marriage in a matter of a few days after a lawyer's advice.  We had talked about marriage a bit before, but weren't expecting to have to make a decision in that way.  

Fast forward to around September 2015, we are living together and I am just not feeling happy.  I feel like the girl I fell in love with changed after marriage, but also that there were things about her I learned after marriage I didn't know before.  We fought a lot and it was clear that her and I are very different.  I did try talking about this with her a few times, but her reaction was always that she felt I was just complaining about her, so I stopped after a point.

Back in September 2015, I met a woman from my religious community, she is 11 years older than me (at the time I was 24, she was 35), married with 2 kids.  We worked together in a volunteer initiative in our community, so we very quickly became very close.  After about a month after we met, we had a routine of texting each other every day, almost all day long.  I fell head over heels for her, she made me feel special, like no one ever had before.  She made me feel like there was someone who truly cared about me.  I don't really have any friends, so she was my only friend.  She would tell me things like her and I would be together in our next life, and that her and I met too late in life.  She said if her and her husband were not together, then her and I would be together.  There was nothing I wanted more than to be with her, I was certain I would be happy, and I still feel that way.  We would share everything with each other, while at the same time hiding our conversations from our spouses.  We never had a physical relationship, and I never wanted that, partly because we were both married, and partly because it was more of an emotional connection for me.

This continued for about a year.  Around September 2016, she told me she was pregnant, and that she wouldn't be able to talk to me like usual since her husband would be with her more often (she was a housewife, so her husband would stay home more often).  It hurt me a lot, but for about 2 months I was okay.  A work project kept my mind off of her until November.  After that project was over, I once again started thinking about her, and ever since, I've been severely depressed.  I do reach out to her, and ask if she can talk, but I get treated almost as a stranger, as if her and I are not friends.  She always tells me she doesn't have time since she is busy and she is always with family.  I always trusted her, so I don't believe she is lying, but it kills me that someone who was so close to me and made me feel so special could just leave me alone like she pretty much has been.  

Now I've been thinking about suicide.  I don't feel happy with my wife, I don't feel like I have any friends, and I don't feel like the source of my depression is something I can tell anyone I know.  I don't know how my situation can get better.  When I think about my work, my family, none of it is enough just to make me stop thinking about ending it all.

I don't expect any sympathy from anyone.  I know what I did was wrong, and I feel that whatever is happening to me is completely deserved.  I am a bad person, and I'm now reaping what I sow.  I'm simply sharing here because I don't have anyone else to share this with.  I just want to be happy.