I give up. I can't do it anymore.I am 16 years old and these past years have been a pain the ass. Both my parents are very strict and very religious so they won't let me do anything. I get emotionally abused every single day and cry myself to sleep thinking about ending it all.

Theres a thing that makes me happy and that is friends and videogames but since my parents are strict and religious they choose my friends (and I don't like them very much) and I can't play games I like because "violence in videogames is bad". It was going all well until they went through my phone and saw I was talking to people online and instantly deleted all social media apps on my phone and installed a tracker so they could see what I was doing and where I am currently. They also did this to my computer. I can't play games like Call of Duty anymore because they don't like the violence and they control everything I do and if I go on the contrary they will abuse me.

I am currently on my PC secretly in a corner writing this because they might see, beat me up and shove religion down my throat. I also managed to turn off the tracker for a short ammount of time. The only thing that kept me going was my online friends that actually cared for me and turned down my suicidal thoughts but they took that away from me.

Another thing that has me suicidal is quarantine and staying in my parents house every single day 24/7. I have to clean the house and if I say that I'm tired they will beat me up until I get up and do their chores. If I start crying they will tell me that I'm a sensitive bitch and I'm too young to have mental problems and stress. I haven't showered in days, brushed my hair in months and I look like a complete trainwreck cause I don't care about myself anymore. I just gave up.

I have online school and that is not helping either because I am getting terrible grades. All the teachers love assigning at least 10 different homeworks every. single. day. and I can't do it all so I have terrible grades on all my classes. They figured out that I have a low score and yelled at me and told me I'll never be successful in life and that I will end up dead. (guess they guessed that right). They also shame me in public by yelling at me for the slightest reason (ex. got the wrong brand of mayo, will get told I'm a failure).

At least in school I escaped from my parents and had secret friends I hung out with, doing secret parties and just normal teenager stuff. I can't go to parties, friends houses or even go out with my bike across the street (before quarantine) because it's unsafe and I might get kidnapped blah blah blah.

If I talk to a family member about it, they will snitch on me and my parents will take very bad actions about it. They don't care about me. It feels like I'm just not worthy of living anymore. If I talked about it to a counselor at school it will end up in the same ending and I will get abused. I would like to call a hotline to help me out but they manage and record my phone calls and idk how to disable the tracker on my phone. I'm also super shy and don't think i'll get the courage of calling a hotline.

I basically have no privacy whatsoever and if I even try to close the door to use the bathroom they will think I'm doing the dirty and start yelling at me (even though I don't like watching porn at all). I must dress, change my pad and sleep with my door open because they think I might be doing something that's on their contrary. I just don't feel like living anymore. It feels like nobody would care if I died, maybe my friends but I have lost contact with all of them.