I feel like shitI have failed at everything I have tried in life ever. Whether it was sports, a decent social life, games, academics. You name it and I've failed at it. I am a disgrace to both society and my family or as my friends call me "Life less loser". Academically I am behind 3 years and by the time I finish university all my friends will have good jobs and even my younger siblings will be doing better than me. I just want to be fucking successful I just want one thing just one to go my way, I fucking take my anger out on video games cuz that is the only stupid thing I think I can be good at but spoiler alert im not I fucking suck. 

Ive got no friends who actually give a fuck about my existence who would truly go out of their way to talk to me etc and my family leaves no chance to remind me of how much of a burden and a financial strain I am to the family. All my life I have tried to stay positive through the fucking abuse my dad gave me all my fucking life hoping and imagining that I would have a better future but guess thats not possible with how things are going right now. I have struggled with OCD/Depression for 9 years. 9 fucking years I have suffered and never in those years I felt that I would ever have to even stop and consider for a moment that I would think about ending stuff. I want help but my family is against me taking medical help and going towards meds to help with my OCD. Im sick and I am tired. 

I just want to wake up one day where I dont feel like Im the fucking problem and I have people that are genuinely interested in me and life feels fucking bearable, things seem in control and I am happy. I want to have a career, I want to study and I want to be independent I wanna work hard guys I wanna be successful in life but im too far behind I dont think I can ever comprehend coming back from this Im never going to make it. Im sorry for writing this so vaguely but Im scared of posting in this sub because I dont wanna encourage someone to take the wrong path because for some reason my OCD is convinced im doing just that. I dont mean for this to be encouraging I just want to vent, I cant stop this feeling to fucking end my existence and I dont know who or where to turn to.