Thinking of overdosing, bag asphyxiation and bleeding out tonight. Everything planned outI don't like posting here, but there is not many places for suicidal discussion I have found that are active as they usually are taken down or obscured.(if 5 years of therapy and pills haven't done anything for me whatsoever, I don't know what will help. I don't feel like much can shake me out of this) Haven't eaten in 3 days to clean out my system and write my suicide note. Thinking about overdosing on Acetaminophen(Dayquil LiquiCaps 24 count, Robitussen and Antihistamines ) , bag asphyxiation and severing my arteries in my arm. I am 20 years old, 5'7 and 151 pounds. I was born male.(I am transgender and have felt this way since I was around age 10 or so but haven't been able to get support whatsoever and my family is aprehensive and negative of the situation.) It would probably take too long to describe all of the reasons for why I want to go through with this. In general I am dealing with massive PTSD from things that have happened years ago such as verbal, physical and sexual abuse, I have an absolute hatred for myself, I feel like an absolute stranger in my home, lost my first job a month in due to life complications and being in a high stress work area, I don't have a license, ect. I have heard all of the stock support answers "You're so young." "Suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary problem.",  ect. After all of the time I have been feeling this way and being taken to therapist after therapist, getting random pills prescribed to me in a slipshod way, being hospitalized for suicide attempts, everything, it hasn't worked. I am fairly certain I want to go through with this, but after failing suicide attempts in the past I don't think I can take going back to a hospital and resuming my life after hell in lockdown. I am afraid I will fail and fuck things up even worse. I have never overdosed before. I don't know what all I am in for with my combination of methods and I don't want to call suicide numbers as I don't want to be traced. I just want everything to end. 