I killed myself once. I'm just writing this as a reminder to not do it again.I don't know if this is the right place but here I am. 
About a month ago I committed suicide. Obviously unsuccessfully, but some part of me died. I'd been slowly falling deeper and deeper into depression and self hatred. Everything in my life had been collapsing and one night, my ex boyfriend and I had a stupid drunken fight and I kicked him out of my car and was immediately filled with regret. I'd been hating myself for so long and I already felt like such a failure and I hated myself even more for letting us, myself, get to that point. He denied all of my calls and I went home. I was already pretty drunk but my doctor had recently prescribed me a bottle of codeine w. promethazine for a cough that I'd had for a while. I'd only had the bottle for a couple days so i barely made a dent in it. That with the few shots of whiskey I had stashed away, I was sure it would be enough. So I downed it all. And I was excited. I'd suffered with depression my whole life, constantly feeling like a failure, like I wasn't good enough, and now I was finally getting away. Soon I'd fall asleep and I, and the people around me, wouldn't have to deal with me anymore. I felt like I was finally going to feel relief. But it didn't take long for that to change. 
It felt like hours but now looking back I'm sure it was only 30 minutes to an hour max before I passed out. Dread started welling up in my chest. It was 3:30am and I was alone in my bed while everyone was in theirs, sound asleep. I was dying. And I had no one. And suddenly I was fucking terrified. I'd dreamt of my death for years but for some reason I never thought about what it would feel like to be alone for it. I lay there by myself with nothing but the feeling of my organs failing. My chest was so heavy that breathing felt like a chore. Labored. My eyes couldn't focus on anything longer than a second. I was freezing but somehow couldn't take off enough clothes to cool down. And still my heart wouldn't stop. It worked harder actually. It beat faster than I had ever experienced. And my fear caught up with it. I frantically called everyone I could think of. I remember trying to figure out my criteria for the people I chose to call. "I know they care for me, I don't want to worry them. They won't care enough, I don't want to bother them." I ended up calling one friend I'd known for a while, not terribly close, but I knew he felt similarly to me. He'd understand. And he answered, he was nervous, but calm, and tried to talk me through it. We talked for a while but I didn't want to bother him much longer so I told him I'd call him in the morning, even though my voice was weakening and I was sure I wouldn't wake up for it. 
So we hung up and I was alone again. I was torn, and hurt, and scared, but I accepted the fact that I was alone. Just how I thought I was meant to be. So I kept myself comfort by turning to my voice memo app, and talked myself through it. For 15 minutes or so, I just talked to myself. Crying. Sobbing. Whimpering.. Until everything went black. 
I eventually woke up. About 15 hours later. Confused, but so fucking thankful it didn't work. 
But I'd completely forgotten about the recording until a couple days ago. I didn't know what the last recording was until I played it. I still don't really know the word to describe how I felt listening to it aside from heartbreaking. It was so much more than that though. A fucking roundhouse kick to the gut. That was me. I fucking tried to kill myself. Just hearing that poor fucking girl whimper and cry to herself that she wasn't worth it, slowly fading away from the world on her own. It hurt. I mean I don't know. I don't know how to describe it. Shit started getting a little better just a few days after that night and knowing that I almost ended it then is fucking surreal. It hurts so bad. I wish I could hug and hold myself through that but whatever. 
I still haven't deleted it and I don't think I will just yet. I'm still me. I've always suffered with depression, and i still do. I haven't changed, but I'm working on it. I guess I just hope that if I ever get that low again, that recording will remind me how fucking scary it was to really be there facing death. It's not as sweet as I always thought it'd be. 