Resentment, lies and broken spiritsIt's hard to look at people in the world sometimes, and not feel resentment. It's completely useless and irrational to feel that way I know, but when you see all the pieces of your past you missed, or the present which you thought was in your grasp, then snatched away... it's hard not to feel that way. And I guess it's not them I resent as such, it's the people who have been in my life, and are no longer there for no reason I can discern.

But then it's all back to reality, when I realize that I simply have little to offer, in friendship or relationships, at least in that important phase when they are formed. I suffer from social anxiety and depression... and the thing is, it's not as bad as many people who suffer from it. I still function normally enough, even if it's a big flimsy facade of everything being ok. But there's a difficult gap between that, and letting me (whether the good or the bad) out in to the world, and it's something which is impossible for me to manage to get past on my own.

Looking back on the past, all my strong friendships and relationships have, in the initial phase at least, been down to the effort of others. Once someone gets past my defenses, I like to think I'm a pretty average guy, albeit with a tendency to make fun out of life, the universe and everything... but I question that too in truth. Because everyone whom I've been in that state with has, in some way or another, left my life in bad circumstances. I've been told a lot of lies by people I've told the truth to. Be yourself, people say, but statistically that's not worked out.

The thing that's really hitting me is that I'm just about 29 years of age. It's not that by this point I should have everything figured out... I doubt anyone ever does or will. But I shouldn't be at square one either, in pretty much every aspect of my life.

The truth is, at this point, I feel as though I'm done even trying. Death is so much easier than life, but we choose life because death is the antithesis of choice. But when you have no choices left which will get you from where you are, to somewhere near where you want to be, then there is nothing for death to be opposed to. If I'm trying for no purpose, why try at all? And if I'm trying, just to go through the cycle, failing at the end, and having to endure further pain... that's simply not something I want to endure.

I guess really I'm done talking. I don't mean just here, but in general. The only reason I'm writing this is to see if there are any potential solutions that I've missed... and out of habit too if I'm honest. My apologies if this all seems kind of pointless.