i have 6 days to change my life in a good way or i’m done.its been 22 years. 22 is a good even number to end things on. i made a beat called 22 when i was in highschool. anyway that doesn’t matter.
i’m a schizophrenic that doesn’t experience much in terms of symptoms because i take my meds everyday. kinda sucks being so numb having my dopamine cut down so low. i have no motivation. i just wake up smoke cigarettes, go to the bathroom, eat, then go back to bed. sometimes i make beats somewhere in there. i’ve been making music for 10 years this year and although that should be a milestone it feels like a failure. there’s people who’ve made music fo so much less time than me
and they see success. i had a taste of small time
success but then i fell off when i had a psychotic break and was admitted to the psych ward. i’ve been to the ward twice. second time was a lot more
chill but it was for suicide watch. i was gonna kill myself last year in April but i did the “right” thing and told my
mom and went to
the hospital. i’ve gained 188 pounds since May 2016 from antipsychotics and it keeps going up any time i decide to have a second plate for dinner. 
this time i’m not backing down. come the 21st i’m really doing it. i have almost a full bottle of tylenol ultra strength that i’m going to take every pill in it. i want to go painlessly but wheres the fun in that? the acidic burn in my stomach, the bloody vomiting all over myself. sounds fun. i tried getting help. i really did. the psychiatrist just prescribes meds. i stopped telling her what actually goes on in my mind because she just glosses over it and offers to ads another pill for a solution. my mental health counselor is always busy with other people, and she’s quitting and moving at the end of the month, so she’s trading places with this idiot who stutters so much and has no idea what to do with his job. i k ow its not his fault he stutters but he’s
just so absent minded. i wouldn’t trust him with any of my issues. and my support worker is cool, she’s pretty and well she’s pretty busy too. i’ll see her for the last time on thursday next week and she’ll wonder why my mom will be crying when she answers the phone to tell her that she can’t pick me
up to take me to hospital gym for this chronic disease management course. 
my friends want to help but they don’t. they just gloss over the issues, say “i feel u bro. ur not alone” and then switch the subject. people say i have shit to live for but what kinda life is this? i’m stranded in a hick town. i was going to try and find a heroin plug but nobody knows where to get any. i figured going out in a warm fuzzy cloud would be nice but i guess a burning horrible scene and minutes of strong regret clinging to my last moments of life then finally peace. or i get to be a hungry ghost and suffer more. 🤷🏻‍♂️
i tried signing up for “BetterHelp” and so i paid for a weeks worth of therapy and all of them either stop replying when i need someone to
talk to or they said i’m too much to handle. oh well. 
lets play a game, convince me
to stay on earth. 