I promised two friends I wouldn't commit suicide, now I feel it's regrets.For the past years, I've been suicidal. Stressed, and broken. To sum everything up quickly. I never was happy. And I'm not now. To live in this world, you must have money to even live a life. Why? Because it isn't fair. With so much suffering, nobody cares to help. But to take.

I have no friends in my life, except two. And these two friends are across the world from me. And they even spend their cash to help me out even. The way they spend it is for something that would help my depression calm itself. They are worried about me, perhaps more worried than I ever will be. A few days ago, I felt so worthless that I even planned to commit suicide. And, I made them very upset with this. To the point of tears. I'm suffering in this world, because I keep seeing and hearing things I don't want. My brain wasn't correctly put together. They messaged me and said lots of things, but I made a promise months ago. That I would never harm myself. But every day of my life, is a new issue. And I can't even sleep anymore without waking up in two hours. Every night, I'm weak and slow. I can't work because of my anxiety, and I cannot ask for help. These friends say to me, please message me if you need anything. See, I would LOVE to do that. But in reality, they don't want to hear my issues 24/7. And I mean that, I feel like shit all the time. 

I never thought I would feel so bad, to the point where I'm afraid to take a picture of myself, to see myself. I never met anyone in my life other than a few people that were kind to me. Right now where I live, is constant screaming, drug abuse, threats, and just pressure. My cash is stolen from me, and a gun is not far from me. I thought about it, and I tried. Will I do it again? I honestly think I may lose my life in a few weeks. Just because of how things are. I'm a fragile 16 year old child, but even dropping hints of committing suicide on my public Facebook to family, it's just plain and easy for them to ignore. But, I see someone upset on my family TL about them upset about losing some crops or whatever. And they get all the attention. I know I'm greedy, I need attention, because I never had it growing up, and I need someone there in person for me, but now? It's been 2 weeks since I've ever showered. And now that I'm not working? I won't shower for months. Even a year perhaps.

I'm so unhappy. And I'm so broken. I just want a person to talk with sometimes, someone who gets me. These friends DO get me. But I don't think they want to hear my issues even though they say they do. I feel so selfish saying this, and thinking that I need this stuff. Yet, they say I'm the kindest person ever. I never EVER did anything negative in my life to hurt someone else, it's just been abuse to me, from my mother. From my family. One day when I do end my life. people are gonna start caring. They have no fucking right to care.

Games are the only thing to ever distract me in life, and now that I'm losing interest in them, I'm scared. I'm so afraid. I'm so lost, and afraid. Why was I born this way? I'm so sorry, friends. You were amazing, but my fucked head can't realize how perfect you are,