Confession/vent-(OCD I hope), but more likely to be hebe/pedoconfession/vent

If there’s a reason why I’m still alive it’s because of my family and the people who care about me despite me being an absolute worthless dumbass. I’ve done stupid shit in the past, which is always on my mind. I feel guilty, angry at myself. I can’t fucking forgive myself for what I did. I was watching catching predator videos on YouTube in October of last year and ended up with an obsession of me being a ‘p’ stronger than ever. I had these thoughts since I was 14 (along with other thoughts) yet I fucking ignored them. I was confident it was OCD, I read pages and could relate to people’s stories. Except I remembered that I had fucking masturbated to images of kids. I did it when I was 15 (twice), when I was 16 to 2 individuals who were 11 (they were individuals I was attracted to but they were younger in the photos. Still looked like the individuals I liked), and then either still 16 or barely 17 to some random 12 year old. I didn’t know the fucking ages of the kids for sure, but I still fucking did it, and I knew better. I also masturbated to my aunt, some beastiality shit and guys who looked like girls around this age too. I was fucking able to masturbate to things I questioned if I was attracted to. A part of me tells me it was for testing, that I was anxious and didn’t fucking like it (or else I would have been doing it still), but I’m not sure regardless because it was a long time ago. I don’t remember the before and after events except that I questioned if I attracted to particular things and would test myself to see if I got aroused. Maybe I fucking was able to do it because of curiosity, because of the taboo, because of the anxiety, because I was a horny piece of shit who would masturbate to anything because I was addicted. I never masturbated to fantasies//never get fantasies unless I force myself to think them in order to test my reaction and compare with other things. It feels sick/painful to me and I don’t enjoy it.

When I was a kid I would feel sick for liking individuals 1-2 years younger. When I was 12, I questioned if I was attracted to this kid 3 years younger than me because they reminded me of a person I liked, yet fucking dismissed that. When I was 13, I fucking touched a kid who was like 10 by holding their hands because I was curious. Fucking regretted it, felt bad, lost all “attraction” if I had any, and was more focused on the person who was 15 who I actually had a crush on. I also remember playing with kids when I was 11 and 12, and am starting to question that too. I fucking had a trauma when I was 9 after some kid took advantage of my innocence and experimented humping me/rubbing his genitals on me. This fucking stuck with me for days, and I would constantly think about it. 


I question if I’m attracted to kids when I see them in public, especially those who’ve entered puberty. I test myself for attraction. I think of kids constantly in my head to see if I’m attracted/test my reaction. I get anxious and panic when I see them, get groinal responses because of the fucking anxiety when caught off guard, but not through pictures. I feel some attraction (along with my other obsessions, like lady and the tramp dog) which feels different than what I think of individuals I like. I fucking avoid kids. I see a person I’m attracted to at my university, and question their age or if I liked them because they resemble a kid. My brain always tells me that I’m a P and I keep trying to tell myself I’m not, but it’s a total loss. I’m done.

My brain fucking tried telling me I was a psychopath who lacked empathy—remembered shit I did in the past. Except I do feel empathy, so that got dismissed. 

There’s something completely wrong with me (sexually and mentally). I accept that. I was born premature (like 8 weeks), barely lived, immigrated to another country with my amazing family who have worked so hard to have a piece of shit person like me. I should have died when I was a baby, when I was younger by almost getting hit by a car. Everyone had high hopes for me—except I probably became the worst person in society. 


tl;dr: my brain tries to convince me I’m attracted to inappropriate things like kids, animals (like my dog), family members (like my aunt, grandmother, mother and brother), religious figures in the past, or normal things like same gender. Or that I’m trans (for being curious of what it feels to be different gender or wanting to try clothes of different gender) or a psycho. Except I’ve done shit that actually show these behaviours in my past. 

There’s two things I can do: leave this miserable world  and I’ll be remembered as that “good individual” who worked hard in school and had dreams of becoming a doctor or get help. I’m 100% down to get help, to see what the hell is wrong with me. I’m scared of what will happen to my family and my dog if something does happen to me. I’d rather live with this internally and suffer with this stupid curse(s) that I was given so my family and people who care about me don’t suffer. 

This isn’t life for me. I’m crying inside everyday, just want to let my emotions out and scream. I’m moody 24/7, my brother keeps pushing me too my limits by asking for reassurance about his appearance and making my obsession worse by talking about things that make me feel even more upset.