Acknowledging a CorpseHello,

I've never made a cry for help and I don't consider this one either.  I suppose I just need a catharsis.  I encourage any of the "volunteers" here to seek more salvageable candidates here before giving me your time.  My heart, what there is, goes out to the younger redditors here suffering.  They are the ones who need help. 

Alright, let me give context first.  I guess I'm stubbornly positive or optimistic, chances are though I'm just ignorant and foolish when I say the following: I had a good childhood and adolescence.  I was born to two of the most loving parents imaginable, my mother was an angel and my father a pinnacle of strength that I could never achieve.  I was a normal child, but when teachers noticed I had a hard time playing with other children and always taking rest breaks being genuinely exhausted they told my mother who had me immediately examined.  I didn't learn what the problem was for a long time, my mother didn't worry me.  I remember that first doctor visit where the only thing my mother said to me was encouragement and love like always.  I started going back to the doctor more frequently though, and medicine was added to my meals, I was easily tiring out, and my joints ached badly.   I didn't know it at the time, my older sister just said I had growing pains.  The truth was I had several degenerative conditions effecting my heart, bones, and muscles.  I gradually thinned and weakened over the years, till around fifth grade my mother collapsed with a seizure in a grocery store.  She was hospitalized near my school and I spent every afternoon I could trying to convince her to let me stay with her at the hospital.  I was a real "Mama's Boy" I guess.  She always refused, weakly at that, and had my father drag me home.  She stayed there for a month, and I watched my own father become increasingly upset.  Like always, I was in the dark.  My sister was so aloof too I couldn't figure out what was happening.  My mother had several brain tumors, inoperable and she had had them for a while.  I never even heard these words till then.  Shortly afterwards my dad took me to the hospital with my sister at my mother's request.  I remember her looking so weak, I didn't want to look and I remember my sister slapping me for being rude.   This is one of my most vivid memories.  My father left for somewhere and it was just us three, I remember my mother just laying there talking to my sister while I whimpered in a corner.  She hugged my sister and called me over, she looked at me blankly for a bit and told me something along the lines of how handsome I was.  That I was going to grow up to be a big, strong, handsome man.  I just assume this was the same foolish optimism I inherited.  She then hugged me, and I hugged back for a moment and then released.  She didn't let go, and I started to get upset, but she wasn't saying anything either and her grip suddenly tightened.  My mother then had a massive seizure with me clenched in her arms with my sister screaming and monitors going off.  I blanked out, or maybe just purged this part of the memory.  Next thing I knew I was hiding behind the chair in the room till my dad dragged me out as doctors flooded the room.  My mother never came back.  I became more reclusive, while gradually becoming weaker myself from my afflictions.   My dad took over my appointments and medications.  My sister started hanging out with friends a lot more and I saw her less.  Years later my father would drive out to the lake near our house and drown himself.  I was just entering highschool at this time, moving via wheelchair now from my insufficient legs and bones.  My sister had just graduated college and took over.  We argued a lot, and I stayed with her taking me to the same appointments our parents had.  I was added to a list for a heart transplant in high school.  Speaking of school, my social life was absent.  No one wanted to be friends with an invalid and I didn't blame them. I spent my time writing or reading alone.  My grades were fine, nothing special, I understood the material but didn't try to apply too much effort.  My sister married around the time I graduated at 120lbs.  I was pale, bald, and looked like a skeleton.  My sister asked if I wanted to be put in a permanent facility with medical staff.  Turns out she was also pregnant.  I figured she didn't want to raise a baby near a living corpse, so I agreed.  That's where I am now, and have been, for six years.  I'm 25, light as a feather, and you could count every bone through my scarred skin.  I have had several biopsies for dead tissue from atrophy and degeneration.  I never got a transplant, and my doctors have told me I'm too weak to survive one now more than likely.  When my sister had her baby I mailed a short story I wrote for him when she said he could read.  I titled it "You'll grow up to be a strong, handsome, smart man."  And even put a little dedication to our mother in it. 

Catharsis finished.  I think I just wanted someone to know.  I'm not committing suicide, I think my body is doing a good job dying on its own.  I just wanted to let the world know I exist, or existed. 

Thanks, and to all those people suffering out there.  You are strong, beautiful, smart people.  