I don't exactly want to die, but...I find that suicidal thoughts make me feel extremely good. 

I don't usually write here but today I just feel... ugh.

As I said, I don't want to die but I want the shitshow I've been going through for four years now to stop. My depression, which unpredictably comes and goes, is exacerbated by the circumstances I'm in. I feel extremely stuck, and I'm not sure what to do.

What I'm studying is slowly sapping the life out of me. I can't stop because I'm just 3 months away from finishing it, but I don't think I can stand anymore. It's been four years. *Four* years, without quit. And I hate the subject I'm studying. I've always been a perfectionist, and put quite a lot of pressure on myself to succeed. But recently I've lost all motivation and begun to procrastinate a lot.

The number of deadlines I have are causing me to feel quite stressed. I have prescribed readings, as well as topic questions, every single week. I have assessments every month. Month 1 has an online test, Month 2 has a 4000 to 5000 word assignment involving research and calculation, and Month 3 has an exam covering everything in the course (which the course only gives me one week to prepare for due to the enormous amount of readings). And the cycle repeats itself. 

The pressure just slowly piles up. There's no time to relax, but I'm procrastinating quite a bit because I feel like absolute shit. And that really makes my self-esteem drop.

The real kicker is that, although I have 3 months more to go until finishing, it doesn't stop there. No, no. That would be too easy. After that I'm going to go for further education, on the same fucking topic I absolutely despise. Sounds perfect, doesn't it? All so I can get a 9-5 desk job, dealing with clients who couldn't care less about the work I'm doing. Sounds fucking *great*.

My eczema is also making my life a living hell, it causes rashes on my skin that react to everything. It's irritating and painful, and no matter what I do it won't go away. Stress causes it to flare up, which isn't convenient at all for me as it is a daily part of my life, especially during exam season.

I have been extremely depressed before, to the brink of suicide, and back. Now I feel it happening again, and to be honest I'm a little scared of that. I don't know what to do to make this hellish cycle stop. I need help.