i feel like giving upi just feel tired. im a 24 yr old trans woman. diagnosed ptsd and bipolar and a myriad of other health issues which make me immunocompromised. i had a therapy appointment today and I didn't hear from my doctor until an hour after we were supposed to start. in february i was in a happy relationship w five people who loved me and two weeks later i was single and getting illegally evicted from my home. they kept my cat I was trying to get registered as an esa. i haven't seen her in months.


i moved back in w my dad and thats mostly okay and i stay alive because he shouldn't have to find my body. and i know he loves me and he'd never stop looking for it. and i know my brother and sister love me. they kept me fed while i was getting kicked out. but my brain doesn't work. some days it takes me hours to get out of bed. some days i never do. i don't shower or do laundry let alone put on makeup or try and make myself look nice. i applied for disability but i keep getting denied and it feels like a kick in the teeth. i fought so hard to be a human being and go to college and join the work force and all i ever got was suicide attempts and not enough money to feed myself. im the same fat, ugly person i was three years ago when i started my transition. i see other trans women pass on day one and I can't help but want to give up. 


i had my birthday a few months ago and ever since i feel like things are getting worse. i gave so many years of my life to people who cut me off and kicked me out and stole my cat, and im too worthless and ugly to attract anyone else and even if I did how could i ever trust someone again? i love my friends but they don't get me. im surrounded by beautiful, intelligent, capable people and i want so bad to be one of them and i think im accepting i can't be. maybe i can be beautiful in the way that a mushroom or a slime mold is beautiful, and feed the small things of the earth and be useful that way. i dont think there's anything else i can do for the world with breath in my lungs


thanks for reading