24 and I’ve watched my life nose diveI had a great job made more money than I knew what to do with, great body, new life in a major city. 

I got laid off last summer and it was fine, money in the bank. Went across country for a few months to hike and enjoy much needed time off. 

Came back and my life has been exponentially worse. My job is entry level and notoriously shit on (I used to be a director with an assistant, yes this young.) I connect with a total of zero of my coworkers, they do not understand me and I’m
 Not even sure if they’re real people because I feel like I work with a bunch of cartoon baby animals. It’s absurd. 

I have less than a thousand dollars in my account. My loans my rent my expenses have totally wiped me out and I dont make half of what I used to. 

My body is “hot” still but I’m severely anorexic and if I do eat i throw up from anxiety. Only person who’s catching on is my boyfriend and he watches me like his child. 

On the topic of him, I don’t think he cares for me at all. I don’t think he will ever want to be with me fully, I go one step forward and 4 steps back. He is scared to commit. He will never love me. I love him more than anything. 

I had so much going for me a year ago. Such a positive attitude. I loved my life. I can’t even get out of bed anymore, I’m too poor for a therapist (never once thought I would say that) I have a history with depression and suicidal tendencies. I will hang myself it’s just a matter of when. I’ve tried many times but I stop before I black out. I have tried pills but I end up waking up. And when I wake up I feel pretty embarrassed which sends me into another spiral. 

I need help. I’m creatively sucked dry and professionally humiliated by my life. My old assistant is making more than me and traveling the world. I cringe when I look at where I’m at and I keep trying to get back on track but im not even getting interviews. I went to a top uni and have a slew of elite internships and proven success growing startups. Where did I go wrong? I had plans to own a company or gallery by 25. All my investment is gone as I have to use it to live.

I’m going to kill myself. I think maybe, hopefully, I can rig my exhaust into my car and just die once and for all. 