I want to die.I wish I could just freeze time and let me work everything out. 

My fiancé of 1 year left me, out of the blue. I was still in the honeymoon stage, and I truly believe she is my soulmate. I already suffer from clinical depression, so this was just the cherry on top.

She still calls me on the phone, texts me and acts like we're best friends. She said she just needs time to figure out what she wants. I'm pretty sure she isn't messing around with anybody though (she isn't that type.) I know talking to her is bad for me, but I don't know if I could take losing her.

Everything I do reminds me of her. I was on 4chan... 4CHAN. And a thread made me start crying because it reminded me of her. I can't... Um.. Touch myself.. Without thinking of her and I start crying. Even writing this now is painful.

Honestly, I wanted a future with her. A home. Children. I was so emotionally invested in her. I gave her my entire heart, and I love every thing about her. I've always done everything I could to make her happy. And now I'm broken.

Some cute girl was flirting with me, but all I could think was "she's not HER. All I want is HER."

I'll never be able to love someone else. She was absolutely perfect. I'll forever be comparing other girls to her.

I've been severely depressed for so long, and she was the only reason I got up in the morning. I don't know how I'm going to get on without her. I'm 18 (and female) and after I tried to kill myself several months ago, I dropped out of high school. I could never go back. 

I know I should get my GED, but I can't afford it. Also, it's hard enough for me to get out of bed each morning, and sometimes I don't even do that. My father keeps screaming at me, calling me a stupid worthless daughter. He tells me "just because I'm "sad" doesn't mean I shouldn't get off my lazy ass and get a job and finish school." 

I have no friends, no family who cares about what happens to me. I spend all day every day alone, in my room. Sometimes I sleep all day, or I watch movies, or I go on Reddit. But I don't want to live anymore. Everything hurts too much.

I can't even remember when something good happened to me, aside from meeting my now ex-girlfriend. Nothing good ever happens to me. I'm not pretty, or motivated, or athletic, or smart. I'm just a waste of oxygen.

I can't even afford to get medication or any kind of help. Even the free programs I've looked into want me to pay ridiculous costs to be admitted. I have $0 to my name, so that's not going to happen. I don't know what to do. I want to die so bad it hurts. I'm curled up in a ball and it's so hard to breathe. I just needed to tell somebody.

