How am I supposed to start my life over when I don't want to live at all?I don't know if this will do anything but give me somewhere to vent, but it is something. 

I'm a 25 year old gay guy. My parents were abusive. My mother is an alcoholic who married a schizophrenic rapist, and my father has borderline personality. They treated me like I was worthless my whole life, even before they found out I was gay. I was kicked out at 15 for being 'a faggot' by my mother, so I went to go live with my boyfriend. I love him. He means the world to me. Still. Even though now I'm nothing to him. 

We stayed together for almost 10 years before he abandoned me and shoved it down my throat that he didn't love me at all, probably never did, and was looking for a way to get rid of me for ages. I don't understand it. He went from wanting me to be his 'house husband' for the last decade to not caring if I even had anywhere to sleep. He left me with nothing. Kept all the money. All the stuff. Kept the car. He's staying at the apartment even though my name is on all the bills, so I'm just waiting for him to fuck me over. All i was good for was sex apparently. He was never that affectionate, but I took it as him being stoic. Turns out he just never liked me. I was just an unlovable piece of meat. 

I left all my friends behind to be with him, dropped everyone, isolated myself to stay with him, tried to be exactly what he wanted and I'm still nothing but trash. Now I have no shoulder to cry on because the man I dedicated myself to cost me them. I stopped talking to people who cared about me because I followed him from state to state, even being homeless multiple times because I didn't want to be without him. And he just abandoned me like it was nothing. He's happier now. He doesn't want anything to do with me as he takes away the few friends I do have and tells them how terrible I was. He took EVERYTHING from me, and he's happy. It hasn't even been two weeks, and while I'm still crying in the shower curled up in a ball like a fucking teenage girl, he's happy. For once. 

Maybe it was just me. It always seems to be me keeping people unhappy. No one in my life has ever seemed to be happy to know me. Not even my own mother loves me. The one person in your life that is supposed to be unconditional love, and I'm not even good enough for that. I feel like I should have just killed myself when i was in Highschool like my mother told me to because now I'm right back with her again anyhow. Sleeping on a couch while she drinks and treats me like I'm trash. While she calls me her failed abortion. I'm 25, jobless, can't even get a temp job because those still require a driver's license mostly. Can't even leave unless she's here, because I don't deserve a key to the house. So I'm just stuck here. 

Maybe I am trash. I don't know. Everyone seems to think that I am anyhow. 

Fuck me for wanting someone to love me, right? For wanting to be cared about. To be accepted. Fuck me for being mad, for being bitter that I have NOTHING. I just want to go to sleep and never wake up again. I'm so tired all the time. I just cry and apply to jobs all day, not that any of them ever call me back. There aren't any jobs here for someone like me with a GED. with an expired license. No car. No money. Clothes that don't fit because over the last year of things going downhill I've lost over 100lbs and haven't been able to replace things. You'd think i'd be happier being thinner, but being healthier doesn't mean anything when you look homeless. And looking homeless means I'll never find a job. 

I don't have anything to live for, anymore. I'm no one. Nothing. Unloveable. A monster who destroys peoples' lives just by being around them. And I'm so tired of that. 