I don’t know how I’m gonna do it yet or when I am gonna do it. But I’m gonna do it.I just can’t take being alive anymore. Usually I’ll fall down and get back up. But I’m tired of the cycle. It seems like every time I fall back down, I just fall farther and harder. My life has been consistently full of problems for awhile now, but within the past week, things have just gotten considerably worse. 
Usually I can hide how I’m feeling, but this time is different. I’m wearing it constantly now. At work, customers are asking if I’m okay, at home my roommates keep checking on me. I don’t lie about how I’m feeling, but I don’t talk about it much either.!Everyone assumes I’m just slightly down this week. 
My home life between all my roommates is going to complete shit. My relationship with most of them has deteriorated beyond belief for the most part. Out of 6 of them, there’s only one I can say is still close to me. 
The love of my life, or atleast the one I thought was the love of my life has pushed me away. I’ve been strong and positive for her, she’s been my rock. She doesn’t even know how down I really am. She knows I’m depressed over her, but that doesn’t even scratch the surface of how bad everything is. 
And honestly I guess she won’t actually realize it until after everything is said and done. 
I’m always under so much pressure from my job, roommates, the chick, I just can’t do it anymore. There’s always something happening to where they have to depend on me for something very crucial. And Without her, I just can’t do this. Im not strong enough anymore. Im broken mentally and physically at this point. I feel like I’m incapable of feeling anything besides depression and self loathing. 
This isn’t her fault, fuck I’d probably push me away too. I fell in love with her and she doesn’t realize that she was actually helping me stand. It’s just a combination of everything and very ill timed events that shows no sign of getting better. 
I don’t wanna hurt anyone else emotionally or physically. I don’t even know if me being gone is gonna have an emotional toll on anyone around me to be honest. 
But..I don’t know when I’m gonna do it or how, but at some point this weekend I think I’m gonna finally have the courage to try to end this shit show, and hopefully be able to Rest In Peace for whatever comes next. These 22 years on this planet have mostly sucked. I think I’m finally ready.