LostI never usually moan on the internet about my shitty life, everyone has problems mine are insignificant with the big picture in mind but for a long time more so recently I've just feel hollow. I've lived with mental health all my life my mum has bipolar disorder and my dad didn't care enough to stick around so I've been the only one there for her. Now I'm dealing with not just her mental health but my own too and it's all to much for me I feel like the weight of the world has been slowly crushing me for years. It was only about 4 months ago I was relatively happy you could say not so much happy more content with my life but I had a breakdown and it all came to a head that I have some issues of my own. I quit my job which wasn't the best move since money's tight all the time. I was having suicidal thoughts and actually planned how I would do it but I'm at a stage  now where I don't care anymore about anything I don't even care enough to take my own life. I fell like letting my life go to complete shit because in all honesty I've never enjoyed it and still don't. Everything that used to bring small bits of happiness don't anymore so I feel no joy at all just blank emptiness if that makes sense. My mum booked me in for therapy at the earliest avaliable date no doubt they stick me on medication and leave me to rot away like some crazy nutjob. I've got friends but we never talk about soppy stuff so there not an option my mum knows already and she's trying her best to help me and I ve got no more family so my options are limited when it comes to support. Because of all these suppressed feelings I no longer have the confidence I used too sometimes I don't even want to walk down my own street I prefer to lay in bed until late hours in the afternoon because I don't think struggling through life is rewarding enough for how hard of a task it is. The way I see it is that life is 99% shit and the other 1% is brief moments of happiness that never last. I've been thinking lately about the premise of life and how humans are here by total mistake and that there's billions of us on this rock floating in space we all can't possibly have a grand purpose except filling life with distractions until we ultimately die. Not really bothered if anyone responds to this it would just be nice to know if anyone out there feels the same.