Maybe it’s time to become a statistic.31 years old, girlfriend that loves me but also has many many issues herself. Alcoholic, on probation for DUI just recently started outpatient therapy again.

I’m also 31 with an alcohol problem, making a car payment for a car I can’t even drive or sell cause I’m upside down in it now.

Playing cat and mouse with the alcohol treatment facility I go to taking RC Benzos to keep it together while popping dirty on every immunoassay and clean in every gc/ms lab test they’ve just determined one of the bodybuilding supplements i take my intestine digests into a metabolite very similiar that of a benzo.

I walk 4 miles a day to make $13 an take the bus for a total of like an hour and 45 minutes combined. My 8 hour days are like 12.

I’m tired, I don’t talk to my family much, currently living with my grandparents or I’d be homeless. Most of my money goes to my car and my self paying for alcohol treatment cause I don’t qualify for free healthcare, and can’t afford real healthcare.

I feel like a burden to most people, I truly think my girlfriend would be better off finding somebody more successful she’s had guys offer to buy her a car, she’s good looking and bartends and stays with me for some reason. Feel like an anchor. I recently argued with her mom (she lives with her mom, she has an autistic 3 year old it takes both of them to care for him who I also consider like my own son I’ve been around since he was like 7 months) anyway she banned me from coming over now we’re back to basically going on dinner dates, I don’t get to see my “son” as we’ve decided to just go with that, not step son as I’m the only man he’s ever met. Don’t even get the pleasure of that anymore.

It’s a daily battle not to go get a hotel room for a week spend the rest of my measly $2400 gambling and drinking and then just drink a fifth and OD. I have enough powdered RC drugs to Kill like 10 people combined with alcohol with, I promise you I will not wake up if I decide to OD, I’d be drinking at least a 5th to myself and taking at least the equivalent of a few 100mg of Xanax. I go to sleep thinking about doing it it’s almost s comfort thing knowing I can and picking a date to do it after payday so I can just throw my phone off the freeway and have some fun by myself for a bit and just go out on my terms.

Thanks for reading If you did, I needed to rant 