All antidepressants are are just rose coloured glassesAfter being on and off my anti depressants lately and experiencing both sides of the coin, I've come to realize that maybe when I was on meds I was delusional. I thought everything was fine and neglected any problems. But in reality I'm not anywhere near fine. I'm neck deep in problems that are very much real and terrify me. I wish they would just disappear but that's beyond my control. So I guess the closest thing I'd have control over is ending it.

My family doesn't fully understand what it's like for me to be living with mental illness. My crying in bed and having no motivation or strength to do anything is seen as lazy, cowardice, irresponsible. My older sister wants to get be a nurse or eventually get her PhD. Meanwhile I have no idea what I'm doing in university other than create more debt. She could get my money and whatever's in our shared account to let her finish her career goals. She'd be saving lives anyway, what would I do with my worthless degree? My mom's health is declining and it's not like our arguing is helping it either. I want to get along with her but our personalities just don't click outside of our mother and daughter roles. I get along better with my dad but I know he's tired and stressed too. Would my parents finally get to rest without having to worry about me? Both financially and emotionally I stress them out. 

I don't have much friends either. When I'm with them or just talking I know that they could be talking to someone more worth their time. I'm too quiet and boring. In group hang outs I'm usually by myself to the side anyway, observing from the outside. I could walk away and they wouldn't notice I was gone until much later. They usually make plans that I'm not invited to or I can't attend. But when I can and do go out everyone including myself would just rather I wasn't there. I imagine they would miss me for about a week or a bit longer but that would be it. Majority of the time I am feel lonely even with the few friends I still see. 

The only person I care for is on the other side of the world. Just the small hope and likeliness I'll get to see him keeps me going. I feel like a young girl with a crush imagining to meet him in person. He makes me happy and I appreciate him from the very moment he said "talk to me, let's be friends" on my previous post here a few months ago. I wish he could be here next to me. But he's so charming and young, I think he'll be okay. Can't miss someone too much when you haven't met them yet right? At least he won't have to worry about saving up to maybe come see me one day. 

I just imagine how much easier it would be better off not around. Most of the time i feel unwanted and just absolutely foolish. To think I could just blissfully ignore the real problems I have to tend to when I'm on meds. I fail to see the flaws and only see things one sidedly. There's so much I have to deal with that I the anti depressants we're blocking out of my mind and now I gotta get to them before things get worse.