I Feel Like I’m Stuck In Suicide PurgatoryI feel like I’m literally on the edge of both sides. Things like religion and loved ones keep me from ending it all, as well as my survival instinct, but other things like how I’m a complete and utter asshole and the fact I just drove my first and only love away on a break is making me debate whether or not it’s really worth living.
This is going to be all over the place but to hell with it.
I’m lazy, I do one school assignment and immediately feel drained out of my mind. I’ve been self harming too, beating the living shit out of myself and even partially cutting with mechanical pencils. I don’t care if the led gets in there, let it! I’ve been doing this for years! I’ve also been in this limbo hatred of not knowing what to do without hurting anybody in the process. The other night I was just talking to my s/o over the phone and crying my eyes out and screaming and hitting myself. I feel better whenever he talks to me but I never keep that optimism, that’s what drove him off. He thinks his love isn’t enough and that I don’t really love him back. I keep coming back to this destructive hell scape of a mindset and wishing I just never existed. I’d rather have a void after I die. Maybe then I’ll finally be at peace from any of this. I’ve also got parents who don’t believe in therapy working and won’t take me to it, going as far as to call me an attention seeker upon knowing I self harm. I’ve also been just sleeping and avoiding my schoolwork. I only do it because I want my parents to leave me alone. I have no friends, I’m a toxic manipulator by apologizing constantly to the people I talk to. I put myself down and drive them away and I radiate such negative energy. I also try my best to acknowledge it, I want someone to scream at me the things I’ve told myself. I want them to make me realize what a disgusting piece of shit I am. But also when I acknowledge it I do nothing to change it. I keep telling myself it’s because I secretly like being absolute garbage. I don’t have the guts to kill myself in the end but it’s so fucking hard living. I feel like every time I reach even an inch closer to happiness I’m flung 20 feet deeper. I’d blame my resilience for that. I just feel like I’m on self-destruct mode, like something was set off in my brain and it’s caving in on itself slowly. I’m finally getting my karma, and I’m waiting for everyone and everything to leave me. I don’t understand how people think I deserve love when all I dish out back is remarks that refute their attempts. I can’t fathom someone actually loving something like me, I really can’t.
I don’t know what to do anymore, and I won’t say I’ve hit rock bottom, because I said that last time I felt bad and look where I’m at now! I’m conflicted and I want to know what my actions will do, who else I’ll hurt and everything such. I keep crying over these things and it’s such a painful emotion clutter, like left and right and back and forth. I feel like I’m flinging myself around in circles and getting nowhere with my depraved, deprecating mindset. How do I stop this shit? Tell me. Fucking help me. I’m so fucking torn I feel like I’m stuck forever. Everything’s been hurting and I can’t even change because of my goddamn resilience. JUST KILL ME!!