Suicide *TRIGGER WARNING*My brother committed suicide on April 6, 2019. 





It was a Saturday and I went out early in the morning with my friend to go help her find her prom dress. I was 15 years old at the time and, Yeah, I’m a guy, but I also have good taste. Anyways, I spent most of the day with her and I eventually came back home at around 5 pm. My mom made some crawfish (one of my favorite seafoods) and I ate a bunch when I got home. Eventually, my mom came home with groceries and things. I got him a vans jacket (we already had it but for some reason they left the alarm thing on it) and my mom went to go check up on him and give him the jacket. Meanwhile, I was outside getting all the groceries. Suddenly, I heard my mom scream like I never heard before. I dropped the groceries and ran inside to my brothers room. There was blood on his bed, the floor, and part of the walls. The smell was something that I never smelt before, it was absolutely terrible. My mom kept shaking my brother. And I had to call the police. The operator was asking if he had a pulse and I kept saying no. The operator kept saying to go check but I just knew. I also had to make sure that my little sister didn’t see any of this. I actually remained very calm because I knew that any amount of distress and the situation would be worst. I had to be there for my mom and my sister at the time. The police came around 5 minutes during the call. Multiple cops actually showed up and an ambulance. My mom was still covered in his blood and explaining to the police what happened. She thought he was playing at first but realized that something was extremely wrong. My whole family came rushing to the house. I had to explain to my sisters that I wasn’t joking and this isn’t a prank and that my brother actually shot himself in the head. The police didn’t leave till 10:30 pm that night and I didn’t even want to sleep in my room much less the house. I slept at my older sisters house that night, and the night after that, and the week after. My room is right next to his so it took me awhile till I could actually sleep in my room again.

Moving on to the future, it turns out he was already announced deceased about 30 minutes prior to me getting to the home. The thought of him being deceased while I was home and me not knowing was terrifying. We didn’t really talk so I honestly didn’t know. The doctors told us that the bullet didn’t come out the other side and was stuck inside his head. They told us that he became a vegetable before he passed so he didn’t feel anything. Thank god. My brother was in band at school. The whole band came together and help the go fund me to pay for his funeral. It worked, we successfully paid for everything. Ever since everything, everyone obviously hasn’t been the same.

The reason why I’m writing this is that, it isn’t worth committing suicide. People are worth it and you are worth it. You belong on this earth for a reason. The pain that this had caused to my family won’t go away after awhile, maybe never. You can get through all of this. Sending love from a random teenage stranger. I love you.