I'm planning on ending my life on Thursday.I've had an odd life. To say the least. Nothing horrific. Most of my "problems" would probably file under First World Problems. The only reason I'm still here today is because of my best friend. She kept me going. Gave me a reason to stay. I came *VERY* close to offing myself before, about 2 years ago now. She was the only one who seemed to understand me, accepted me. 

Well now I don't even have her to keep me going. If I choose to continue living then I will have to endure the same thing that brought me to the edge all over again. I'd much prefer to skip that altogether.

24 Years is a fine amount of time for a person to live. I've experienced a good amount. Met a variety of individuals. While I would enjoy having children, a wife, a great relationship with someone etc. I feel that the problems that come from having a Borderline Personality would make it just far too much effort, more so for whomever I meet than anything. 

My mood swings far too much, my opinions of people shift so rapidly, and I lack a certain sensitivity towards others which proves to be quite the obstacle when finding companionship. I continually hurt people who try to get close to me, and in a very big way. If these people knew what was going on in my brain, they would not be quite half as supportive as they are. They think they love me, but they don't know how I actually feel. I seem to keep failing at quite literally everything I try to stick to. I do fantastic for a while, then lose all interest/focus. As soon as I things start looking up, they fall apart. I finally hurt the one person who matters, and there's no changing that.

I'm tired of the cycle.

So, I plan to confess all of my dirty little secrets, my inner feelings, reasoning behind things I've done etc. on Thursday. It's essentially a time for me to say and write my goodbyes. Once this is done I should find myself with sufficient motivation to finally end things. I was going to do it tonight, but I could only write just so much. I still have yet to decide quite how, but I'm likely going to jump from a nearby radio tower.

I think I just kind of wanted to state my intentions here is all. 
I think it will help me to stay more resolute in my decision by announcing my intent.

Wish me luck!