Don't know what to put here. 23, female.I sat here for a long time and tried to think of the right words, but I guess none of them are going to work, and that figures. I’m going to try anyways, but it’ll probably be inadequate.

I don’t want to be alive anymore. Everything hurts. There is this invisible monster in my stomach that attacks me with grief and despair and I can’t make it stop. It makes me physically ill. It makes me curl up on the bed, or the floor, or the bathtub, and just cry and shake and wish someone would come hold me and pet me and tell me everything is going to be okay and they love me. I feel disgusted with myself, wanting that pity and attention. I am making good money at a good job in my field of interest, doing astoundingly well in my degree program, am a ‘survivor’ of traumatic shit in my past, and it means nothing to me. It’s just polishing apples.

I fell in love with someone who doesn’t want me anymore. Falling in love doesn’t describe it. We exchanged letters that resonated in my soul on the deepest wavelengths. (Wow, doesn’t that sound melodramatic of me…) He told me he wanted to marry me. I uprooted my entire life and traveled hundreds of miles, with nothing but a couple of suitcases full of clothes and no money, to be with him. I got the best job I’d ever had. I started skyrocketing through college. But he doesn’t mean any of the things he said to me anymore and I still do and it’s pulverized me.

I am alone in Chicago and I want to find some quiet place in the dark and die. I cannot live here alone and I cannot go back to where I came from. I have no one here besides him, no friends or family members. I cannot ‘move on’ from him. I gave him my entire soul. I begged him not to do this to me. I cried for hours in bed beside him and tried to hug him, tried to convince him that I could be good and not want affection from him. I’m not overweight, but I would lose weight and be thinner. I would not ask for sexual contact or even holding hands or kisses. I could go back to wearing contact lenses. He kept telling me it has nothing to do with my appearance, I don’t need to change, it’s beneath me to beg like this, that he’s not worth it.

I do not feel worthless. There is no ‘feel’. I am worthless. There is no feeling about it. I disgust myself with my incessant desire for hugs or kisses or someone to talk to about trivial shit that doesn’t matter. I disgust myself with my desire to just let myself be weak and cared for and have someone whisper stupid, meaningless sweet consolations in my ear. I watched a couple hold hands on the CTA on my way home from work and felt myself ripping in two. I watch people go places in groups, listen to them have conversations, and disgust myself with my pathetic, keening envy. I disgust myself with going to this specific cashier at the store because they always smile at me and make some sort of personalized comment.

I go to the trains and stare down at the track on the ledge and wonder if it would electrocute me to death if I jumped on it, if I would die from that before the train comes through, and how much either one would hurt. I am scared of pain. I am scared that someone might try to ‘save me’ and get hurt or die themselves. And then I am scared that no one would care, that they would just look at the crazy bitch who jumped on the electric train tracks, and I feel disgusted for caring about that, because that means I want pity like I’m some sort of fucking pity whore.

I am disgusted with myself for cursing so much in this. I don’t curse. I always want to be a lady, to be modest and ladylike. To fill those traditional gender roles and be that soft, sweet loving woman who feels cherished and protected by her partner… but that doesn’t mean I’m not capable of having my own mind and opinions, that doesn’t mean I want to be someone’s subservient plaything. I always liked the princess and the knight, you know?

I am crying again. I am so ugly when I cry. My mouth just hangs open in this ugly frown and snot hangs from my nose and I make these awful noises and I just want to slam my head into something, punish myself for being so fucking disgusting and abominable. I tell myself, KILL YOURSELF IF YOU’RE GOING TO DO IT, DON’T JUST SIT AROUND AND WALLOW IN IT, YOU PATHETIC LITTLE WITCH.

I’m afraid if I write a note and leave it, or writes notes and send them, that I’ll then chicken out and then I’ll have to deal with all these angry people who think I just did it for their attention. I think, maybe when I write them that will really push me to finally do it, because I know what shame will be waiting for me now if I don’t. And then I read about that girl who posted her suicide note on a delay in Tumblr and I was like… THAT’S BRILLIANT. If I don’t kill myself by the time it’s to be released, I could just go and stop it.

I’m too much of a coward to fucking kill myself and it’s disgusting. I keep thinking, the ones who did it, what helped them get over that last hesitation, what made them jerk the finger on the trigger or let go of the rails, I need to find that. I know what I’m going to do tonight, I’m going to go stare at the fucking tracks again and watch the people and try to find the best moment and then I won’t do it because I’m a pathetic waste of carbon. But then I think, maybe I will do it, maybe I can, maybe tonight is the night the pain is finally over.

And then I’m at the same time thinking why the fuck am I posting here, I want to talk to someone, but what’s the point, am I this desperate?