I'm fighting a losing battle.I'm trying my best to stay positive and I use all the techniques at my disposal to keep calm but it's starting to get hopeless. It seems the more effort I put in, the crappier I feel. 

I've recently moved into supported living after things went downhill at home, and now things are going downhill here. It's a place that supports people with asperger's syndrome, which I previously had a diagnosis of, but this was then switched to social anxiety and now I don't even know what I have. 

Ever since I've been here, I've been feeling worse and worse. The staff lie to me; one member of staff says one thing, then I ask another and they say the complete opposite, then they both come back to me and deny ever saying what they said in the first place! For example, I wanted to use the studio for study and one staff member said I was allowed, then when I asked another they said I wasn't, so they went back to the first member of staff and they returned denying they ever said anything. It's just confusing.

The director of the house also lied to me and when I bring her up on something she says things like 'you have a weird imagination, you should get that seen too' and on our first meeting, after I said I had been feeling suicidal, she said 'that is an option' and when I asked how, she then proceeded to tell me that I could hang myself in the closet in my room. It's just fucked up.

I made a complaint and I'm moving somewhere else soon, but this is maddening. I'm finding it ever more difficult to leave the house and, paradoxically, I hate staying here too. I've had outbursts and been rude to staff after all the lying and confusion, along with the arguing with my parents. I don't deny I have problems with anger and controlling it, but I do feel as if I have the right to be angry. They gave me an eviction notice (with a homeless shelter leaflet too) and they made it seem as if I was going to be kicked out on the day but after a lot of me crying and pleading, they said they'd be 'generous' and give me extended leave for that weekend. On the monday afterwards, they did nothing. The law says that an immediate eviction notice still allows 30 days to find a new home for vulnerable adults. It's like they are playing a game.

My parents don't believe me when I say these things, and I don't have anyone's support but my mental health team who are trying to find a new place. I'm alone, isolated and feel sick to my stomach with stress. I feel as if I could collapse at any moment and I feel weak. I'm also furious all the time, as if I could lash out at any moment, which is also draining.

What can I do?