I've wanted to kill myself since I was 15, and each year, the urge just gets stronger and stronger.The first time I thought about suicide I was 15. I mean, the first time I legitimately started to plan it out. I sat on the open windowsill of my bedroom with a knife in hand staring at my veins. 

With depression it’s easy to seem like you always feel sorry for yourself. I think it’s the opposite. I think, you’re really trying to get someone to feel sorry for you and comfort you so you can stop being so vile to yourself. Because of depression, and a shitty self-esteem, I don’t think I’m good enough to be anything. I wince at the thought of trying to go to school again because staying focused and motivated is such a task in itself. I dislike the way I look, like most people, but it weighs on me so heavy that I assume no one will ever like me. I often worry I’ll be alone forever. I couldn’t understand how anyone would be interested in me. Why? I’m annoying and not very intelligent right? And when someone does seem interested, I self-sabotage. I get anxious and nervous and start to find reasons why it’ll be over soon. Then there’s the self-blame. Everything is my fault. If a relationship doesn’t work out, it’s because something was detrimentally wrong with me. If I fail at a task, it’s because I’m not good enough to perform adequately. 

There are many variations of depression. Some can weigh in on every aspect of your life and make it hard to live at all. Some are connected to a form of self-hatred that might be nurture-able through psychotherapy. Mine seems to be attached to love. 

Children are fragile. As a child, my earliest memories started to form around the same time that unintentional rejection started to plague me. I spent time in foster care, my parents constantly traded me off to each other. In high school I was kicked out of both of my parent’s separate homes  three times each. My self worth was diminished. I started to look for love in other places. Friends and family of friends, but deep inside I still felt like a burden.

In college I realized my father and I would probably never get a long. I started to grapple with my sexuality. I would hear my father’s homophobic remarks in my head and wince at the idea. I would feel a reminder of his hard hand hitting my face if I dared to vocally disagree. 

I would later on in college dial the number to a suicide help line. I remember crying and being unable to explain what was wrong. I was in love with my roommate and I didn’t know how to articulate that. I was angry at myself for being subpar. I didn’t want to disappoint my parents. I didn’t want to fail at my life. I wanted a family and a career and it felt so unobtainable. 

It would take me another four years before I would finally walk into the doctor’s office and tell him I needed help. Telling someone you’ve thought heavily about suicide is hard to do. You feel stupid. You feel like he might just think you want attention. You feel like maybe you’re just overreacting and you aren’t very good at being human. I asked for therapy, which at the time seemed to be focused on a relationship that went sour. 

She explained that relationships end and that’s ok. I didn’t know how to explain that it wasn’t necessarily the relationship that had drove me to the edge, but instead this unbeatable feeling that something was terribly wrong with me and no one would ever love me the way I needed to be loved. 

A week later, I met a cute boy in a bar. I bought him a drink, walked home and swallowed three different bottles of prescription pills. 

Needless to say, I woke up. I was ashamed. I was angry. I hated myself. I felt weak. I felt incapable of being loved. Sure I was loved by many. I had amazing friends and caring people surrounding me, but I was missing this really significant nurturing that I think most people got from their parents. When I felt insecure and alone, I couldn’t call my mom and listen to her tell me how much she cared. I didn’t quite understand why I couldn’t do this, but my mother and I had never had an affectionate relationship. I was 19 when I told my mom I loved her and gave her a hug and it felt strange. 

I spent some time in a hospital or three. I met lots of people who had a very rough time getting through life. A man who particularly stood out had been put in the hospital about four times now and felt helpless. He explained how no one believed he could be self dependent but really he was just struggling to connect to people. He paced up and down the halls exclaiming, “Well I guess the town weirdo is back in the loony bin.” I realized that Mental Illness is a really uncontrollable thing. Or at least that’s what I thought at the time. How awful it was to see people who could never quite fit in. Was I bound to be this way? Was I bound to forever be depressed and alone because a real relationship was too tricky and heart-wrenching for me? I had no real foundation to understand what a relationship was, why I deserved one and how I should and shouldn’t be loved. 

After that, things were hard. I started playing with medications, having severe mood swings, and dappling with intense anxiety. I would have anxiety attacks about close friends leaving me or pretty much every time I developed a crush or attempted a relationship. It took a good while before I realized that despite having a capacity to love, I needed to learn to love myself before trying to convince someone to do so. Why would they love me if I didn’t love me?

The problem is I just can't muster enough reason to care. I don't have the willpower or motivation to move forward. I feel as though I've been depressed and unhappy for so long that I can't really see it getting better. The world isn't black and white but people treat it like it is. Now it's more important to be likable than ever and I just can't handle it anymore. I'd rather just say fuck it. 