I feel like I am in a loop that I cannot breakLife has faced me with decisions and I know that I have always chosen the wrong ones. I am very selfish and self-centered without realizing it or how to fix it. I have ruined good people and wasted their time. My family loves me very much but I don’t know how to not disappoint them constantly. I have tried my hardest but it falls through the cracks in my brain to be thoughtful and loving. I am careless, regardless of my efforts otherwise. I am stupid and selfish. I have ruined most of the best, meaningful relationships in my life. I was mean to people when I should have been forgiving and accepting. I ignored my gut instinct to check on my Grandma when the light was on in her room at 1am, which is unusual, to talk to my boyfriend. She died the following day because she didn’t ask anyone for help when she was having trouble breathing until it was too late. I could have saved her. The side of the family that was closest to her now refuses to speak to us. A blood clot had gotten to her heart slowly. My mother and father show me unconditional love that I don’t return. My father has begun to hate me for my carelesss actions. I am spoiled. My mother still loves me regardless. I am tired of hurting her and the ones I love. I became indifferent about my pet animals and put them as outside cats. We had to take our dog to the vet because of a tumor and because we couldn’t afford treatment, relinquish her as a stray. They put her to sleep and I wasn’t there to comfort her.  My parents help pay for school but I constantly fail at it due to not being able to concentrate and devote myself to it. I am wasting their time and money. I find it very hard to make friends and the best friends I have made, I ruined the relationship, about 4 times now. I only really have my boyfriend as my best and only friend left. Today, I let my emotions get the better of me and snapped at him. I doubt we will still be together when he awakes. I am tired of being a disappointment and ruining everything I touch. I am done hurting the people I love and those people are good and innocent and don’t deserve what ai have to give. I am not capable of being a good person no matter my efforts otherwise. Everyone in my life would be better off not being sucked into my orbit. I am sorry for everyone that I have hurt, but at least I will only have to hurt you one last time. Time will pass and you will forget the terrible things I have done. 