I feel like a fraud. I don't want to die and I don't want to liveI don't get it. 

I feel like there are two levels. on one level, I still find things funny, still enjoy talking to friends, still get some happiness out of my hobbies, still enjoy reading, still want to make art, still find things beautiful. on one level i feel the same about life as I did when I was a child. i have that sense of wonder, and even when things are shitty i think about all the things I haven't lived yet and I feel better. 

and on another one, deeper down, I don't care about anything anymore. i don't do anything of worth because.... well, there's not really a reason, I just can't find it in me to care, to actually get off my ass. this is the side of me that spends hours online doing absolutely, mind numbingly nothing, all to distract myself and I don't even know what I'm distracting myself from. the part of me that just wants to sleep, all the time, and when I wake up I feel dread wash over me when I should be thinking about what a beautiful day it is.

how can I live both these things at once? I feel like a fucking fraud, maybe I am. I've heard depression is supposed to feel like nothing at all. if I own up to it, I haven't cared about anything in a year, maybe more, but for most of that time I've been smiling and getting up in the mornings and talking to friends and getting work done, and it's really only in the past month that I've utterly fallen apart. 

please, please let me know if anyone feels the same way. is this denial? I've been ghosting everyone who's tried to reach out to me. i'd much rather everyone think that I'm stupid and lazy than depressed. I don't want to be depressed. I don't know if I... qualify? the idea of death scares me but I find myself thinking of it more and more. I don't know what the hell I am. the only thing I'm sure of is that I've never been more pathetic in my life, and it feels like I should just be able to pull myself up, but I just WON'T. not that I can't but I WON'T.

I'm positive this made very little sense. but I had to say it. and if anyone else out there feels the same way, please, let's talk.