Cross posted from my Facebook pageSo for context, I have been under the watchful eyes of my family this past week as they seem to think I'm readying the noose. They don't get how my chronic suicidal ideation is different from what they experience with depression. It's a long one, so buckle up, lovelies.

Btw, it did start with a content warning and an urge to program the samaritans number into the reader's phone. I have removed incase it's seen as activism. 💕

-----

I had my first suicidal thoughts around the age of about 12. They got more frequent around 16 and since the age of 18, I have had them every day. That's around 5500 straight days of suicidal thoughts. I am not kidding.

Obviously, these make it difficult to relate in the same way a lot of normal people do. Not helped by the undiagnosed ASC, but that's for a separate update to the user manual.

My first passive thoughts were weird. I would be sat in school imagining myself getting impaled on one of the metal railings, or in PE running until my asthma caused my lungs to give up, or at home, imagining myself falling through the glass door at the bottom of the stairs...

The first active episode was when I was dating B. I sat there for an hour staring at the knife on the table, thinking "slit your wrists, slit your wrists, slit your wrists..." I had wished I was dead before, but never been on that edge, so to speak. Something truly changed in me that day. 

I sought help and was put on citalopram. I meditate, medicate and all the stuff you are advised to do. I vowed to spend my life trying to make things better for everyone as best I could. I have done OK, I feel. Maybe not the best, but I think I have definitely not made things worse for anyone... Except maybe people reading this and having strong negative emotional reactions? 🤔 Connundrum. 

Btw, the NHS concept that all your issues can be solved in 5 therapy sessions is beyond batshit crazy, I am looking into affordable therapy, but as I have no income... *shrug*

And while you're here, please everyone stop telling me I should exercise. I don't get the endorphine rush and suggesting physical activity to anyone and everyone with anxiety or depression as if it’s some panacea is (in the language of my people) a 'dick move' .

I have suicidal thoughts every day. Every. Damn. Day.

Now bear with me, because this will seem like a tangent, but I want to steal a metaphor.

Imagine you come home one day and your fridge is broken. For most people, the choices come down to three potential outcomes:

1) repair the fridge.
2) alter your lifestyle so as not to need the fridge ever again and leave it as it is or...
3) get a new fridge.

For me, a 4th option would pop up:

4) kill yourself.

Seems absurd, right? But there it is, the proverbial option 4.

To which I would just answer "no thanks brain, gonna go with option 1, maybe option 3 if 1 fails." and my brain would respond with 'OK, here' s what you need to do to fix it...'

On bad days though, I would choose option 1 and my brain goes "But repair would cost money and you don' t have disposable income right now. Also, you have no experience doing this. You could break something else while fixing it, and have to start over. You completely have no expertise, you don't know anyone around here who can fix it. Buying a new one is easily gonna be £2000. Just kill yourself. Do it. You're already surrounded by blades."

And then I will notice that actually, it's just the power is out to the appliances and I will fix it, make myself a pot of tea and cuddle up in a blanket. Nothing can predict a bad day, nothing can prevent a bad day. Bad days happen.

And this is going to be super hard for some of you to read, but after extended periods of bad days, I will have a plan. A note, a time line, a list of people to contact, a method, a supplies list, an estimated cost... That's right, I project manage my suicidal urges.

My point is, the intensity of my suicide ranges from "fuck off, brain, I'm busy" to "You do have a lot of good points, and yes, this does seem like the right path, but not right now, let me just sort some stuff out."

Now, I have been on medication for a lot of the past 5500 days, and let me tell you, it cuts off the extremes, but it cuts off *both* extremes. I very rarely have the week long logistics planning in my head, but I also don't get the easily brushed off weeks either.

When I'm on my meds, I get what I refer to as the 'Karen' - that bitch who won't stop telling you how to live your life in the office, or telling you how to drive while car pooling, the non stop, low level annoying voice telling you that you're doing everything wrong, but not bad enough to do anything about.

(Point to note here: I am terrified of driving, because 90% of my time behind the wheel is the urge to pull into oncoming traffic. I am learning again because I am too isolated at the moment, so you can see why this is a perfectly not ideal situation)

I don't know why my brain wants me dead. My life is usually pretty fucking amazing, I am surrounded by people I love and who love me (though primarily online- LDRs *SUCK* and I have nowhere to bring friends back to in my current living situation SO PLEASE INVITE ME TO STUFF YOU KNOW I WILL ENJOY #SubtleHint), I do amazing work when I have work to do (and yes, unemployment seems to be a huge trigger for me), and so on.

My life has value, to myself and to others, and I know this.

But a part of me is like 'So what? If you're really loved then they'll understand, and your work can't be that good if people aren't willing to pay you for it.'

And that's hard logic to beat. I know my triggers, I have 15 years of experience under my belt, it's just not easy to control them sometimes, because many of them rely on people just not making me actively worse.

A previous job I had, for a company I respected and trusted, where I was hired to be a manager and then after I left the previous place, they gave me a minimum wage position in LONDON. That destroyed me, my confidence, my savings, I had to work for 2 and a half years to pay back the debts I built up while working for them and when I left, I had to protect their fragile feelings.

Not having a job is a trigger. Not really having a home is a trigger (and no, having places to stay is not the same as having a home, a place in the universe that is actually mine) and not having ready access to my friends and support network is a trigger. The combination of boredom and idiots is also a stressor, I can do one or the other- not both, but this is not a trigger, just something which amplifies triggers.

There's other stuff too, envy at not being able to do things with my wonderful partners, at not being able to cuddle people after they have had a bad day, not being able to keep to diet plans, watching my savings dwindle away slowly, these all don't help, but they're not major triggers, just compounding stressors.

My point is, sooner or later, option 4 will probably get me eventually. The chances of me dying of old age are *very* slim, but I AM WORKING TOWARDS IT. I will appreciate help, I will condemn people telling me what I should and what I have to do (because guess what? I don't *HAVE* to do shit, I have a 4th option, motherfucker.) and in times like this, I just need people to reach out. When did people stop inviting others out?

Now if you've made it this far and you want to try and help, there are 2 things you can do, and 1 thing not to do.

#Don't try and fix it, because it can't be fixed, it is a weird part of me and it's OK, I get that you're panicking, but you need to stop. There is no cure for what I have, and it's only going to be ongoing progress in life which raises my level of good days. The NHS recognises that it can't help because I'm not in crisis, (and God forbid they should give me the diagnosis I need, they may have to give me PIP if that's the case!) and none of the quick fixes which work on temporary depression actually help me for more than a month or two.

Please #Do reach out if you think you can help in any way. Even if it's 'I saw this job. It's crappy pay, but it's full time, the company isn't actively evil and it's in a city with cheap transport links to London'. I want to thank those people who reached out with my last post on all this, and who have offered me some assistance, which I still need to act on, it's been a busy week.

And if you've read this far, please #do reach out and invite me for a tea or coffee, I *sorely* need social interaction while I have the time and need connection with my support network, these really help massively, and I feel like I'm the one organising coffee dates like 90% of the time. 

Thanks for reading.

Sincerely,

Still alive.