This is it I guess. Alone and no one to write to so I ended up hereI'm sure everyone here has heard, seen, read it all. Every story is the same. Some sob story about being alone, depressed, hopeless. This one isn't any different. 

Girlfriend of 8 years left me. Wants something different. All my friends have drifted away, got married, had kids, etc. I have no one. Literally. No friends, no SO, no family. I work a shitty job that no one has respect for. I live in a shitty apartment that's too expensive.

I'm almost 30. I just got out of a relationship that started in fucking high school. I thought she was it. She was the one. Turns out that was all in my head. What do 30 year old single guys do? Anyone normal is taken. Or has kids. Or is beyond my league. Or whatever.

I've seen places and experienced things. I've been in love. I've done a lot in life and been grateful for it. But I have nothing left. I have no energy left. I have no drive. Nothing left to live for or strive for. 

I'm grateful for the life I've had. I've been luckier and blessed more than most. But this is it. I don't see a reason to keep going. I don't want kids. I'm old, balding, my looks have deteriorated, and have nothing any woman would want. I'll never find love again. I can't see making friends again either. 

I don't expect anything from this post. It's the same story over and over again. Same fucking sob story with the same clichés. I guess I just needed to write it down somewhere and this is where I landed. I have no one to 'write a letter to' so I guess this is my letter. 

No one owes me anything so I appreciate anyone who did read this. I wish everyone the best. I wish my ex the best. I love her and hope she has a great life. I want nothing but happiness for the people around me. But I just can't seem to find it. And I never will. I wish I didn't have to do this. I wish I could just go to sleep tonight and never wake up. I don't want anyone to have to clean up my mess. But I can't go on. It's too painful and there's no end. I just want the pain to end.