Im just kind of long gone [16 M]I dont know what to say and its just gunna be a mess im sure some posts are like that but im just gunna say what ever i think of but here we go. I dont really want to kill myself but everyday day in and dayout so often i think about it and just want to die. I dont want to but i want to i want to be gone, erased from existence. Ive messed up relationships and have hurt other people because im just a freakin sociopath and i hate what i do. Im no good to anyone i dont care about anything and now i hurt myself. I dont see the point of carrying on every day, theres no help for me ive tried but no one cares or listens they just dont i dont want to be lied to im not a helpable person i guess. I want to be happy and the only time im ever happy is when im high and that just makes me more anxious and its tearing me apart. I know deep down that im just really lucky sometimes and thats how i get stuff i want like grades and some enjoyment and that i can never succeed in life that i dont have the ambition or potential that im completely useless and will not make it and dont want to have to experience just more failure. I run xc and im varsity but i keep skipping summer practice and everyones disappointed in me but i cant go when im up till 3am crying and practice is at 6. I wish i could quit but i could never tell my coach that im quitting or leave my teammates. Im so slow i feel like i know im normal but i suck at understanding what people say and im such a burdened and so socially awkward why the hell am i here why am i brought to this i dont want it or ever asked for it. People sometimes tell me how great i am or whatever but what do they know i just cant even say what i think my minds so fucked up and clouded and i cant say what i think its always rushing and im screaming and im so disposable in this world meaning nothing signifying nothing im crying but im not important and i just want to be done. Well i dont know how you got here or how you could even comprehend what i typed because i suck at spelling even with autocorrect and making something worth reading but fuck it here it goes.