I've been doing ok the past couple of months, but I think I can feel myself heading for another breakdownI've been ok. not good really, basically nothing about my life has changed. I'm a vegetable that does nothing all day.  
  
You can really feel the pressure growing with each day that goes by. Every day I fail to accomplish or do anything the more I am getting left behind by society. It is just embarrassing where I am in my life, trust me, if you knew, you would agree.  
  
Life at home stinks, my parents argue a lot and create a ton of stress, I gave up on moving out or going to college or something a long time ago though. They still take care of me in a lot of ways which is pretty sad.  
  
god I want to kill myself. I *need* to kill myself... I have a plan sort of. Well, I have a location and a few possible methods. I've never told anyone about the details and dont think I will start. I feel like before I kill myself I am obliged to take care of a few things though. I want to clean up my room, make sure nothing too embarrassing is left behind that my parents or anyone else will have to sift through. that will take some time but I have an idea of what needs to go.  
  
i have a bottle of pills that I have been saving up from days I've missed (or skipped) my meds. I don't think they will kill me though. my doctor gave me a new medicine that will though (according to wikipedia). I just need to start saving it up. It's making me gain weight anyways. I am seriously considering stopping it on my own. it's a low dose anyways and my doctor doesn't care.  
  
I have some really messed up thoughts about my doctor.. i am really frustrated with her.. I really have no good reason to be, it's just my twisted and desperate thoughts. She kind of seemed like she is someone who actually cares what happens to me at first but now she just doesn't. she doesn't care if i don't show up in months and she knows I am a lost cause. I would give up on me too though if i were her.  
  
my therapist is ok i'm still not fully honest or comfortable with her yet though (I have been seeing her for almost a year). But I really dont deserve any of this stuff. I have gotten way, way, way more help than I deserve, at ALL, seriously, it's insane. I have had many therapists and doctors, been to the hospital and many programs, gone on dozens of meds, even gone through ECT. nothing was significant enough to make a difference. i can't believe how much time people have wasted on me. I don't deserve this help... at all... i am only getting it because of my parent's insurance. they are wasting so much on me.  
  
oh my god... as usual this has turned into a long rant that is way more personal than I intended it to be. I just have some seriously f'ed up thoughts going on right now. I have my psychiatrist appointment in a few days and those are always a big f'ing deal for me.I dont know why... it just feels like they have a lot of power to change things for me for better or for worse... and i have some f'ed up (to say the least) feelings about my current doctor.  
  
I think i will start saving up those pills. I need to just kill myself already. It's been too long.