What do I do?I have so many things to fix in my life right now... I don't knkow where to start.

I'm going to try and list them numerically... chronologically.

1. I was roofied 8 months ago, I was raped.  i was in denial.  There's nothing that can be done legally now.  The sex assault counsellors are hard to get appointments with.  The free ones are talk therapy  'imagine them sitting on a chair, tell them what you want them to know' types thing... it's not working.  I'm haunted every day.

2. I lost my job.  It was a startup I never believed in but I wasnt having luck in the corporate world and I didn't want to waitress forever.  I got some experience.

3. I worked waitressing again.  At a dive bar.  Crackheads, cokeheads, serving after hours, mean angry paranoid suspicious owner.  I had a nervous breakdown on shift and I can't get the courage to go waitress somewhere else.

4. I'm on antipsychotics and sleeping meds.  All the anxiety means I have to take more meds.  The sleeping meds are working less and less so I have to keep taking more.  They mean I sleep through my alarms.  The increase in antipsychotics makes it hard to stay organized.  The random mania that is cropping up throws me right off track.

5. Job hunting is a bitch.  It's a rollercoaster of amazing first and second interviews and then never hearing from anyone again.

6. I'm  on EI and I'm a smoker.  I'm one of those people who will go hungry but still buy smokes.  I just can't do it.

7. My partner is in an intense school program.  Hes older like me.  He's under a lot of pressure and he's not doing well.  He's becoming irritated and aggitated from a lack of sleep and working so hard and he can't be supportive.  I feel like he's shut me out.

8. My Mom's SO talked to me about how crazy her spending is.  She won't stop spending money!  She keeps taking time off work!  It's totally fucked up.

9. My Dad...  he will give me advice but he has a new family now.  He's basically a housewife.  Totally devoted to his SO.  Getting anytime with him, even for a phone call, is impossible.  If I am lucky I get fifteen minutes uninterrupted.  His divorce with my Mom is also stressing him out so he doesn't have much energy to give.

10. My sister is working 30 hours a week and getting straight A's working so hard.  But she can't really help me.

11. Two months ago I came face to face with my best friend's drug addiction.  She is popping percs like they are candy.  She has a prescription.. she also buys large quantities on the street. Some she takes, some she sells.  She's four months pregnant.  She takes a perc like I smoke a cigarette.  It's royally fucked up.  I put her out of my life.  Now I have nowhere to turn.

Where do I start?  What do I do?  I don't even know where to start and I have soo many obstacles to overcome.

A little help here?