My anxiety is killing me, and it's the worst kind of anxiety one could have...I had enough, I needed to find the right place to talk about this. I really, really hope I found it here...

Ok so... anxiety, it sucks balls. That's what we're all confident about. My anxiety, however, is a very different story than what I hear about in any other place... first off, it's not so much ordinary anxiety as much as it is what I can only describe as Generalized Anxiety Disorder...

You know, the one where you would live your life and next thing you know, there's that one worry you just CAN'T control whatsoever and it completely interferes with your ability to live your ordinary life? Yeah... that one, expect mine's a very special case...

See, most (if not all) people I see talking about their problems and even entire articles describing GAD exclusively talk about personal problems like family, finance, social issues, etc. but my anxiety is nothing like that. Mine is a whole new level of dumpster fire.

I have constant life-interfering anxiety about international issues... as in, things I am NOT in control of. Want examples? Just last year, I corrosively obsessed over that stupid presidential elections... if I had known how it would end up, I wouldn't even have wasted A WHOLE YEAR having anxiety about it. And that's not even counting the general humanitarian anxieties I have in general...

Right now? The *economy*... OF ALL THINGS

You see, just recently I started reading a little bit too much about the 2008 recession... and I learned that according to the likes of then-Treasury secretary Hank Paulson apparently it was the closest the U.S. economy (and according to those "economic experts", the world economy) has ever come to an actual collapse, and apparently would have actually happened if the Treasury didn't save those utterly idiotic "Money Market Funds" (What a dumb name) from collapsing the whole world economy... somehow, and I don't even know WHY.

And now the thing that interferes with my life is the constant thought that if another such recession were to occur (hell, ANY recession, even ordinary cyclical ones), that it would be a repeat of 2008, only with a completely powerless Treasury (because apparently in 2008 Congress made it so that Treasury couldn't save it again) and that an economic collapse would actually seriously happen then... I mean, assuming the Congress itself couldn't just intervene at that point, which I'm usually pretty sure it would because cash... and self-preservation.

Of course because I don't even nearly understand economics that well, so those simplistic lines that talk about "economic collapse" really get into my brain too easily no matter HOW pragmatic I am... emotion just gets to me easier than reason... 
In this case, anytime there is some theory or forecast about recession happening somewhere in 2018 or 2020 (even if it's an ordinary one), I constantly have the looming thought that either those years may be that time the economy actually collapses, and I'd be on the streets starving within a mass of other starving people... just because those "Money Market Funds" were so "systematically important"... I mean, according to those economists. 

Like, I don't even understand where they're coming from. They keep saying that if another "run on Money Markets" were to happen, somehow "all the banks will start to fail, instant collapse for everybody" without giving any reasonable explanation to WHY that is...

Please, just... is there SOMEONE more experienced in economics that could help me out here... 'cause I don't understand it at all. If I'd get an adequate explanation about this, maybe that's enough to help me out of this...

But yes, that's seriously what I keep having anxiety about, and it's a drag on my life as an ordinary human being with merely the age of **TWENTY**.

Just... IMAGINE constantly having to waste your ordinary day-to-day life worrying about possibly one day the whole stupid economy would collapse because... I DON'T KNOW, Money Markets are like really that important? What kind of stupid simplistic name is that even?!

And what doesn't help is that even if there's economists (or any expert for that matter) who don't speak in such a gloomy (and incomprehensibly simplistic) language on issues I constantly worry about and instead manage to talk about it in a more sensical manner, I merely feel this temporary sense of security which then after a while I forget it again only for the devil's circle to repeat itself again.

I constantly have to re-convince my own mind into either refuting the gloomy language I incorporate or to just completely effectively forget it all... and neither work because it just keeps repeating again.

I'm... sorry I'm wasting your time with that shit, but this is seriously what's interfering with my life right now... the constant feeling of dread for my own life or activities. I'm just an ordinary young adult who loves watching idiotic videos and listening to music and doing other simple fun stuff... just IMAGINE how it would feel not even being able to enjoy THAT just because you constantly have dread for the wellbeing of general society OF ALL THINGS... 

Even worse, in certain videos I like or video games I play there's always gonna be one part or spot which kind of acts like a "trigger" to restart my entire anxiety process... basically, one moment I forgot what I was dreading about, reach that one part, and I'm reminded of it again... do you understand what I mean?

You know that r/collapse subreddit? I went there a lot... maybe I shouldn't have. Sure, it's some sort of "reality" thing, but do I really need that? Like, is it really necessary for someone like me to constantly dread about THIS kind of stuff I don't understand completely...? Such lack of understanding is why I despise simplistic and doomy language (like it appears Hank Paulson was incorporating with that "near collapse" line of his).

But that's not just about economics stuff, but it is the thing that currently is my source of horrendous anxiety... but no, the absolute WORST part about my whole anxiety is that it is downright IMPOSSIBLE for me to completely defeat a source of anxiety, and the ONLY way to rid myself of that worry... *is to find another subject worth having anxiety about so that I have something else to focus on*... YES, SERIOUSLY.

THAT'S what my life has sunk to... and it has spanned over YEARS.

I'm gonna give you a list of subjects that I had constant anxiety over at the time to give you an idea of how stupid it is for me:

-Whether or not I may have cancer
-Terrorism
-Last year's bullshit election
-Whether or not I may have sepsis
-Armageddon... just, random Armageddon
-Illuminati... no kidding, but it's a non-issue now... obviously

Those are just a few I could think of, but you get the idea... and it's getting to the point where I can't do it anymore and the only way to end it is to... *freaking end it*.

So please, I would LOVE to have someone at least give some answer, just so I know I'm not all alone. 

I don't think I'm literally the only one with this kind of anxiety, but subjects of anxiety like these weren't talked about nearly as much as personal things like family and stuff... man, I'd LOVE to have anxiety about THOSE things rather than this load of trash...

So please... any answer is appreciated. Just, thank you in advance, and apologies for the incredibly off-topic economic talk... it would probably belong in r/collapse, but I don't want to go anywhere near r/collapse, please...