I feel so empty.I have been having suicidal thoughts lately. I've been really down as I can never seem to find someone that loves me back. I've been trying so hard to get through school and it's tough because I'm overwhelmed. I have a hard time paying attention in my classes cause I just feel awful all the time. Even things I'm passionate about I can't bring myself to do. I have a really hard time finding happiness and it keeps getting worse. I have a really hard time talking about my feelings and usually keep it to myself. I have only told one person and it was really hard for me and I had a mental breakdown when I told them even though it was someone I trust. I don't know exactly why I'm sad all the time as I don't know if I have any mental issues like depression as I have never been diagnosed. And I cant really get diagnosed because I dont think my parents will take it seriously and I have a hard time trusting them as they always tell everyone personal stuff about me. I feel like therapy or medicine would be really helpful but I don't think I will ever be able to tell my parents. I feel so trapped and lost. I hate myself and I always wonder why I lack motivation to do anything. I can barely bring myself to learn about what I'm trying to get into for a career even though it is a job I would absolutely love to have. I talk to my friend about my feelings but he is the only one I feel like I can trust. But it makes me sad to talk to him because we are good friends and I don't want to make him sad. I have just felt so empty and have started self harming again. I still talk with my friend when I need to. But I feel like if I'm gonna be like this all my life where I feel so awful 90 percent of the time, is it really worth living? I don't know. I always think about how much my friends would be affected if I kill myself. But this place really sucks. I don't think I will kill my self anytime soon but its just really hard. Thank you for reading this. It means a lot. I hope you are doing better than I am.