I'm thinking of doing it. Need some additional opinions.Well, SW, today I was in an irc channel and i mentioned my situation to them. Most of them called me a coward and told me I was a disgrace to the human race. They're probably right. So here's what I told them. I think I am bipolar, have had antisocial tendencies and behavioral problems since I was young, had terrifying nightmares for a year around age 13, severe depression ep at 16 and a manic ep at 18. I am in the US Army National Guard, have been for two years. Signed up to be a medic, paperwork got mixed up and they switched me to infantry. So here I am, a year before a deployment. Fell into the worst depression episode yet. Dropped out of school, completely let myself go. Stopped eating, started failing PT tests. Now everyone in my unit singles me out to ostracize me. I can't blame them, I know I signed a contract and I'm not following it. I went to see a pdoc and got prescribed Pristiq. Recently, I've begun to have homicidal ideation. I want to murder people. I don't care who, I just want to murder them. I invited someone I know from the internet to come visit me. I think I was going to murder her. I even told her that and she thought I was kidding. When I realized that it was for real, I called it off. Last week, my unit leadership announced that we were having a drug test in a week. The next day, I went and bought some marijuana and smoked it. I still don't know why. I only smoked marijuana once before in my life, years ago. I don't want to get kicked out of the army. I've begun having this delusional belief that something inside me is trying to kill me and it's making me do things to destroy myself. So basically, I've backed myself into a corner. I have a drug test in four days, and I'm going to fail it, and I think I'd rather kill myself before that happens. What do I do? Do I go to my pdoc and ask to be committed? I don't have insurance and I can't afford that. It would be easier just to kill myself. The worst part is it looks like I'm just trying to get kicked out of the army. That thought didn't even cross my mind... no thoughts did. I WANT to commit suicide now. It's the only honorable way out. If I get kicked out of the army, I'll have to live with that shame for the rest of my life and I can't. I'm tired of being ashamed of who I am. Goddamn it. I know you're all gonna read this and call bullshit, you're just a piece of shit who regrets signing up... fuck, i'm not denying it.

tl;dr I'm not thinking straight. Am I being totally delusional, or is suicide really the only way out of this?