a collection of thoughts with no directionI don’t know what is happening with me, but I know it can’t be leading to anything of promise. My feelings of suffering are punctuated by small gems of melancholy. This is a turning point. I’ve never felt so close to death. So close to complete and utter emptiness. I don’t quite understand how I can feel so empty but also brimming with rage and with misery. I am constantly oscillating between the extremes, albeit quietly and inconspicuously.  

Solitude takes a toll on the mental workings of a person, and while I am physically surrounded by hundreds of people nearly everyday, I am forsaken. I have not one person with whom I can share my thoughts, feelings, or desires. My life is not my own, so I can’t even comfort myself. I am allowed no time to indulge in my own musings, and as such am not allowed the enjoyment of being in my own company. I feel as if any sense of control has been ripped of me, and it shakes me to my heart. I feel lost.

Prolonged happiness has always been ethereal. Forever untouchable and unattainable. Never palpable to my hands and my heart. On occasion, the brevity of true happiness touches me and I feel absolutely moved. The last time I felt something such as this, I was brought to tears. It was overwhelming. I have become so accustomed to the callous despair that envelops my chest and so it has lowered my tolerance for joy in the sense that even the smallest amount takes me aback. 

I fear myself more than anything. I am terrified of the thoughts and insatiable wants that lay within me. Once I yield to them, my body and mind recoil. I want to throw up, as if I can purge myself of the feeling. Regret devours my very being, slowly dissolving me from the inside out. 

No matter how I try, I can’t imagine my life beyond my early twenties. If I don’t die before then, I don’t know what I’ll do. I am terrified of what lies beyond youth and beyond the age when it is no longer considered normal to be broke and unstable. I can’t see myself as anything but broke, unstable, turbulent, and dying. There is an image in my head that is near constant of a gun, pressed firmly against my temple. Cocking it, slowly placing my index finger on the cold trigger. For once, my hands don’t shake.

I often wish I'd get hit by a car or fall victim to some type of freak accident. Worse over I wish I were terminally ill. I know how sick and selfish it must sound, but I do. I want to die but don't want it to be at my own hands. I don't want it to be my fault. I don't have the  courage to do that. I care too much what people think of me and I am too fearful of the act itself. My every action and thought is bathed in cowardice. As much as I may want to my life to end swiftly, I am terrified that these are my constant thoughts and feelings. There is that innate part in me that wants to live and wants to fight but it is not strong enough. That part of me is crumbling in my hands.

I am sorry this holds no point. I just need my feelings out.
