I want to end my life but I feel like I would tear my family apart even worse.Some back story: My parents got divorced about 10 years ago when I was 5. It's was a pretty ugly breakup. My mom went into a downward spiral and became a terrible alcoholic. My dad tried to raise us as best as he could but it was hard as a single parent. Having 3 kids and a shit job didn't help. He's never hit me but when he's angry he'll be verbally abusive, break stuff, and just scream his head off. I don't know if I have a necessarily hard life considering I live in an alright neighborhood, go to private school (I'll talk more about that later), and have a few close friends but it sure feels like it. I know I'm depressed even though my dad denies it. He's suffered from depression for almost his whole life but never shows it. Even my doctor told me I should start going to talk to someone but my dad refuses because he "doesn't want me to be labeled." 

On to the private school thing. 
Every since I was about 4 y/o, I've wrestled. I wrestled for a team that was run out of a local catholic school. I absolutely loved that team and the people but I knew I would never in a million years want to go there. Of course, my dad forces me to go there. And I know it may seem like a typical tennage thing to say but I honestly think that school is a source of my depression. 


(This difficult to put in writing format and it seems like it's rambling but I feel that this info is necessary)
Ever since I was very young I have been highly intelligent. So when high school rolled around I tested into all honors. The first week of school I was already over worked and that's when a vicious cycle started. This how it goes...
Get school work-    try and do it      -     don't finish-        get a bad grade    -      hate myself even more-           dad yells-          get even more sad  -       think about mom's problem -         get even more sad  -        keep it bottled up-           hate myself even more -          dark thoughts come in -       Repeat

That's as best as I can discribe my situation through writing.