Reaching My Breaking PointI've had diagnosed, Severe (my psychiatrist's words, not my own) depression for a long time, but things are finally reaching a breaking point. Everyday, it seems, is a living hell on earth. At School, my friends consistently ignore me and treat me like I'm an outsider, and only ever really talk to me if either A: I'm having an emotional breakdown, or B: None of their other friends are around. Other than that, they act like i'm not there, or, worse still, like I'm a painful nuisance. Worst of all, the one person who I used to talk to about this, the first person I told about my depression, is the worst offender, and every time I see her (which is often) I feel like a knife's being twisted in my stomach. My Romantic life is similar. I've never been kissed, never had a girlfriend, and every time I've asked someone out, I've been denied. HARD. School is painfully boring at best, and a torturous slog at worst. My grades are In the shitter (were talking low c's and d's from someone who, only last year, was a Straight A student), and, no matter how hard I try, I lack the drive or the ability to bring them up. Home life is just as bad. My family tries to help me, but none of them understand what depression is like, and act as if depression simply means I'm "Sad." And on top of this, I feel like I'm carrying a great weight on my shoulders. I lack the energy to do anything, and lack the drive and willpower to try to improve my lot. And the anti-depressants I'm on simply aren't doing a damn thing for me anymore. Abandoned and betrayed by my friends, misunderstood by my family, I'm cracking under the weight of being me. Simply going "Fuck You" and leaving to reinvent myself isn't an option. Waiting until high school is over and hoping for things to get better in college isn't an option. From where I'm standing, death seems to be the only way out. Back in September, I attempted to commit suicide, and failed. Next time, I'm sure that I won't be so lucky. 