I dont even know anymoreHey, I dont know how to start so I´ll just start with something random. Im 19 years old from Germany and struggeling with depression and suicidal thoughts for about 6 years now. On top of that there is also my bipolar disorder wich doesnt really help all of that. For me there are only two states I feel like I can mentally get in, wich are either bad or really bad. I also have pretty bad anxiety to the point where I alomoast get a heart attack when I have to talk to people I dont know wich is completely contradicting what I actually feel and that is nothing. I dont really understand it myself but I literally feel nothing, I dont feel hate or anger, happiness or joy and I cant really seem to care what other people feel or think because I could never really understand how to interact with others like "normal" people do. I always put on a fake "mask" and say everything is fine when in reallity it isnt. I mean im cutting myself, constantly thinking about how to kill myself, my family hates me, lost my job, Im getting trown out of my place next january and am flat out broke meaning I´ll be homeless with nothing in less than half a year and I just see no light at the end of the tunnel. It all just feels like a endless free fall towards rock bottom. Ahh and before I forget, I am also a fucking drug addict for quite some time now wich got me fucked up in all kinds of ways but I managed to stay clean for a little over two months now, but I fear that im soon not gonna be strong enaugh and relapse but at this point its "whatever", not like anyone cares anyways. I barely even have enough energy to writhe this. Life for me has never been an ejoyable experience so my literal dead-line is when I end up homeless. I already have everything I need, though my bad friends from my drug days I baught a gun a year ago and to be honest when im sad and feel like a fucking disgrace to everyone the cold tip of my gun against my head feels good and comforting in a weird way. It relieves me to think that I always have a way out. Weird thing about all of that is that I know its fucked up, like how on earth can somebody think that way, why cant I just be normal with problems normal people have. I lost sight of what life is supposed to be, I´ve thrown away every chance I had to make something out of myself and left behind stays the fucked up me that had every chance of making something out of myself. There is no point in going on for me anymore, nothing to look forwart to. To be honest I kind of lost sight of what I was originally going for and this turned into a self hate rant so I apologies for that. Im not looking for anything here really, I just thought I would feel a little bit better if I would throw something out there but I even doubt that at this point. Again Im sorry for ranting and if someone even reads this, thank you I guess you did more than anybody in my life tbh. I´ll see you on the other side.

&amp;#x200B;

ps: sorry if I butchered my grammar, english is not my main language (my insecuraty made me write this)