Teenage woes or just meI'm 17, not that far from turning 18, and I feel like a total shitwad in my life right now. My family life has gone downhill since 2008 when I found out my dad cheated on my mom years ago and was now divorcing her (they've been divorced since 2011). I don't remember much of my life before all that happened and I have a hard time remembering short term memories, like the past few years or so. I've been taking anti-depressants since my sophomore year (now i'm a senior) and I've increased the dose only a few times but for a few months now been wanting to double it because I just want my painful depression to go away asap (which i do know it takes time it just want it to stop). I have two older sister who, when they were my age, got into NHS, while it's been confirmed I'm not going to get in due to my grades last year and the year before that. It's been putting a lot of stress on me because i'm the last child in the family and it feels like it's an expectation of me (even though my mom told me it's not). I dislike school a whole lot but want to be successful at the same time. I don't know if that's because the richer kids (which is almost all of them) are getting a running start on their life because of being higher class while I'm pretty much poor. The only success I've been feeling is in a IT class i'm taking that's partnered with my high school and i go there every other school day for it, because I'm learning new things i'm really excited about!! But i feel like i should be out of high school because I hate school it's become such a drag and all this bullshit. I just want to start college right now because I feel like I'm behind two or three grades in terms of maturity and belonging. But i'm obviously not smart enough for that only my older sisters are.

In short, I want to die but I also want to live. The pain is just so much and I want it to end so badly that I just want to kill myself it to stop it. BUT I also want to live because I'm not even 18 yet and I have so much life ahead of me. I know that I have so much of my life ahead of me. But I feel like I'll just have a shitty start off on adulthood because my depression and possible anxiety makes me think that way.

I wish for help. Ask any questions if you need to because my blabber is confusing or whatever.