(xpost from /r/depression) Insecurity, anxiety and a few shitty relatives is a bad mix....I'm 17 years old and I just graduated High School. I've just had to move from my home where I lived for 15 years of my life with my 2 brothers (1 older, 1 younger) and my mother to my fathers house. The move doesn't really effect me, its more of the fact that I am around and living with people who hardly know me. My uncle (dads brother) lives nearby and I've seen him like twice in my life and he is a pretty shitty person. Last time I saw him he and my dad had a punch up. My dad always bitches about him and compares himself to him. It is a very unhealthy relationship and I feel sorry for them. They are very similar, both cannot empathize and are incredibly judgmental if you have different interests than they do. For example; Gaming is my passion and rather than watching T.V I would prefer watching Youtube. But they (Meaning my dad and his brother) see that as the wrong thing to do and think Sports should be my passion and T.V is what normal people watch in their leisurely time. This all sounds very minor I know, but it does hurt me whenever they make remarks about me not "getting out enough" (what does that even mean?) knowing my uncle its going out clubbing every weekend. I'm just not that kind of person, nor do I want to be like him. When we all went to his sons school musical he talked down to me saying "Whats it like being outside?" in a real condescending tone and laughed in my face, I was humiliated and felt like complete shit for the whole night. Yet I kept up my facade. I'm not some shut-in either, I go out as much as I desire and usually play tennis every afternoon. Even saying that makes me feel like I am the one that has to prove myself. I feel like they are bullying me because they are unhappy, or just don't realize that they can hurt people with what they say. I've spoken to my Dad about it and he never understands and just repeats it. I am also very insecure of the fact that I haven't got a job yet. I feel like they think I'm some lazy slob that's just freeloading. Like when my dad gets back from work and asks what I've done today, it makes me feel dead inside like I'm useless and don't contribute anything. But the truth is that its on my mind all the time about what I could do I'm just nervous and unsure where to start as its new to me. Im sure once I do it will be fine. Its more of just feeling like everyones talking about how "All he does is stay inside and play video games." Once I get a job it will feel better so I could say to them "Oh I gotta go to work." or "Yeh, I'm working." I don't know if any of you can relate to what I mean by that. Its like when I was in school they couldn't really say I didn't get out much but now that I've graduated they just judge me 24/7 and I just want it to stop. Not once have they asked whether I miss my friends or life back in my old place (which I do, deeply) they just expect everyone feels how they do and have an inability to see things from another perspective. Also, my Dad is an alcoholic and gets drunk every night. He talks about nonsense when he is drunk to which I just pretend to acknowledge. No one dares talk to him about his alcohol problem, but when my older brother smokes weed my dad judges him to no end. I have tried to tell him how it is cognitive dissonance and hypocritical but whenever I mention the alcohol or anything in general bad about him he just gets defensive and gets really angry. Its like he doesn't see any faults in himself. Is it narcissism ? I don't like confrontations so most of the time I just nod whenever he talks about the weed and completely betray everything I believe in. It feels like I'm being held hostage by a madman and am afraid to step out of line. I know the rest of my family feel this too, its like we are extra nice to him and kiss his ass just so he doesn't get angry. It feels like any sort of affection I give is some kind of stockholmes syndrome. I am happiest and most productive when he is at work, its like the minutes before he gets home my throat gets all dry and my heart rate goes up. I get an overwhelming feeling of anxiety, its horrible. It just feels like this is some nightmare and I should be waking up soon, back to my old life with my friends and nowhere near these people. Sometimes when I'm alone I just take it all in and feel like crying or just stare at the ceiling, feeling empty inside.

Sorry if I ranted on, I just typed what I felt as I went along. If anyone else has experienced something like this or can relate in any way, please tell me how you coped. I feel so alone.
