I dont understand somethingIs every who wants to off themselves bitter? I personally believe I that we have great potential and that I could very possibly make a lot of money and do all these things that make people satisfied. However my want to end my own life doesn't feel sad to me. I'm not mad at anyone and I do believe this is my fault.

To be honest I feel like(I'm not sure if I'm right about this) but to me it's more like I don't get the point of doing this all. Especially if one is an atheist who believes in an inevitable state of non existence.

I know I have faults and I don't really hold that against anyone else. I mean heck I want to kill myself which would cause people pain for my own sake.

I don't believe I couldn't reach a point of purpose. 

Now here's how I feel. And since this is coming from someone who thinks about suicide quite a bit, i do think my view is likely distorted to some degree. (Now I feel like I'm some kind of super villain saying this), but this is an honest question I have and it may seem immoral and I can't be the only one thinking it.

Why do we stop people? Like if they don't want to be here, why do we force them to stay? I'm not mad, or sad or angry at anyone when I say this. When we see a dying animal we put it out of its misery.

Now I don't think these thoughts are maybe healthy, but it seems to cross my mind a lot as someone who wants to kill them self I always felt held back by those around me.

Death doesn't seem to bother me it seems natural to me, when one of my close friends died I honestly faked my sadness to fit in with those around me, when deep down since I didn't see the point of life. It didn't really sad me that someone else died, I still fake it to this day and try to create some kind of artificial feeling for this friend of mine.

I feel like my desire to kill myself roots maybe slightly different inside me than others. But I think I might actually be insane or something when I say this whole thing doesn't seem all that sad to me.

