My family is driving me to suicideTL;DR: My narcissistic mother doesn't care about my feelings and leaves for weeks at a time with no notice, her and possibly my sister have created lies about me making me feel like I am insane, gaslights me and it makes me anxious and am now severely depressed and suicidal. I cannot move out. I'm a 16 year old student from Japan.

I've been my mothers scapegoat for as long as I can remember and I truly believe she is the reason I am as depressed as I am now. Our relationship has always been dethatched and distant, her presence makes anxious and I often catch myself gritting my teeth whenever I am around her. She is often not home, which was good at first. I didn't have to deal with her telling me how useless I am and I was happier but recently she has not even been telling me she is leaving. She will leave for weeks at a time without a call or text and the turn up in the middle of the night, yell at me in the morning for not keeping the house clean and the disappearing later that day. I don't think she has any care for my feelings let alone actually love me. I feel completely broken down. I have tried to talk to my siblings about her and how I feel (I guess as some sort of reassurance that I'm not just making life more difficult for myself) but of course my older sister can't relate to my feelings. 

Last year I was arrested and that's when everything got worse. Of course I would expect any parent to be angry and there should be some sort of consequence to my behavior but then my mother began yelling at me and gaslighting me. I guess because I had grown up with her like this I didn't really fall for her tricks anymore so when I tried to deny her accusations she called me insane and said I need to be put away. She knew at the time I was very insecure when it came to people talking about my mental instability (At the time she knew I had already attempted suicide and was suffering from psychosis). She knew I felt disconnected from my brain and that I don't trust or believe myself and she decided to claim she knew I had done specific things, varying from stealing from her and my older sister, getting in fights to other minuet things such as smoking indoors or being friends with certain people. Of course I denied everything that I did not do but instead she said there's proof and that I'm crazy if I seriously don't think I did those things and believe my lies. At this point I was already questioning myself so I asked her to show me the proof. She showed me text messages from my sister saying that I had stolen from her but it's alright because I payed her back. I never stole from her. I never payed her back. I never saw my sister the weekend that she claimed because I was not even at our apartment. I never understood why they did this. I broke down and she refused to leave me alone even though I was in hysterics while questioning my sanity, at the time I told her that if this was real she needed to allow me to readmit myself into psychiatric care but of course she refused. I later asked my sister why she lied to our mom like that, she said she never sent those texts but I saw her number but decided not to push it any further because thinking about the scheme made me upset. Neither has ever apologized to me and honestly I still don't know who was involved or if I somehow did steal from her.

I was grounded for 3 months which made me severely depressed being stuck in my uncomfortable household with them. I ended up sneaking out often and got caught on one of the last days of my punishment. I didn't come home so my mother called the police and I got grounded for another 3 months. I decided to try my best to prove to her that I was not a terrible person but she still has no trust in me and searches my room which makes me uncomfortable. I wish I could leave. I genuinely do believe as soon as I move out my mental state will improve drastically. I hate my family.