Reddit, I need out of this house. If I can't get out, then I don't want to wait 2 years in hell. Well, here goes.

I'm 16. I guess i'll start from childhood..

My mom was an alcoholic. Drunk on the floor all day and night - unless she was currently drinking. 

My brother molested me nearly every night until I was 12. I told my mom and she yelled at me - for "calling out your brother like that"

So, that was that. I still have to live with him. He's disgusting. He's mentally and physically handicapped and doesn't shower or change his clothes on his own. I hate being around him but I have no choice.

There's 4 people living in this 2 bedroom house. I sleep on a couch. It's  killed my back. I never had my own room or even a place to put my clothes.

But the main reason I need out is my mother. She has lost it. She's verbally and at times physically abusive, constantly. She doesn't want me alive and quite honestly the only reason I don't think she'll kill me is because she's physically unable to. She's always yelling. Always. At me, at my 75 year old grandmother. She calls me a stupid bitch. A dumbass. A worthless piece of shit. Stupid. Worthless. It just rings through my head all the time.

Now, because I made two F's this semester, she's taking me out of my school and putting me in an alternative school. She won't let me see my boyfriend of two years. She's drug testing me. She comes out to the living room (where I sleep) in the middle of the night to scream at me more.

I'm done with it. I need out. I need her either getting help or in jail and  something done with my brother, and quickly. I don't know where to start, though. If this isn't fixed soon, i'm done. I can't do it. I'm going out with my boyfriend tonight and I had to fight like hell with my mother to be able to.. because it's kind of like a "goodbye" thing. I want to see him one last time in case things don't work out..

Help me Reddit, please. Tell me what I can do. I want to die. The only thing I want more than to die is to fix this situation, but I can't wait.