For everyone who came here looking for help.This is something I stumbled upon writing one of those days, yes we all know, one of THOSE days. Its a hard outlook on life, but hell once I wrote it down I can tell you I felt a lot better. I post this in hopes to help you. It's very lenghty and probably many grammatical errors, but I the tears were in my eyes and the voices in my head were distracting me, so I did my best. And Best of luck to you all. I believe if you can read this and face it as the truth, you can make it through this, just as I did. Because you start seeing things as no overall point. If I were to try to put it in words you could understand it would be you start taking "risks" and with risks comes "reward". You won't even notice it at first. But it will be there.

I would have to say, to one guy, just one guy, there is no point. No point. None. I simply don't see how you can disagree, you cannot give me a valid reason to why there is with actual evidence or supporting details, you can't. I dare you to try, I dare you to tempt fate. It's simply put at that, there is no point. It's all just there, you can't put it together, you can't write it out, because if you were to try, there would be no point. Do you get where I'm headed? Of course you don't. Because I'm headed no where, because there is no point. It has been shown over and over again in every way possible, people are just to blind to see, that they put words to it to try and make sense. But yet, there is none. No sense. There is nothing this world wouldn't give, to fill it with sense. To give it a point. There is no knowledge, there is none. How can you possibly say you know, when you yourself haven't known before. Can you just simply believe it, because they tell you so? There is no knowing, there is no point. I'll try and put it into terms that we have all agreed upon, and believe it to be real. It's trial and error, guess and check, nothing else. There is no point. So how can we all decide, what to put behind this? When you yourselves, don't know.Is there such a thing as success, or has it been around so long that what used to be just faith and hope, turned into our reality. How do you know?.....  How do you know? Take it to yourself to think. Has the hope and thought of success become something, the one thing, that we all humans agree upon? Letters and numbers. It's all just how we put together the everything, the everything of nothing. There is no point. We simply must agree that there is no such idea. How many times must it be shown to us, that there is no point. There is a such thing as nothing, and it is everything that we see. Just what we have agreed upon makes it something. Why can't we allow the thought of being "unhappy"? What makes it unhappy, and to whom? Does that really justify what can make one happy or not? Have we just been so worn out with the fight of being "unhappy" that we seek happiness? But can it really be sought? How can you deny something to not be right, when it never leaves you? It never leaves you, it will always appear, and come upon us. So can we embrace it, can't we all just let it happen? Why do we continue to escape it, when all it does is return, harsher, as if it were angry at us? We have left it for too long. I have left it for too long. I will not change, I will not cheer, I will not forget that it is here. It's inside us. The only thing you have to do is look deep enough. When faced with the chance to escape it, I will, just as we all would, but I will not forget. I will allow it to come back upon me. I will surrender to it. Maybe, just maybe, it won't forgive me. 

Even now I am still holding to grips with myself and how I will always be "unhappy" I probably wont call it this for very much longer, because its not really being "unhappy" its more of human nature. We have grown out of ourselves, we have become distant with our nature, our true meaning and being, the true meaning and being that there is no true meaning to it. We are just here, and we cant accept it now. Its been too long, why oh why cant the people just see? We aren't here for a reason, we just are, it happened, so what. Live with it, there is no need to find this out, so there is no need to find anything else. Do what you are good at and that should be suffice to what makes you "happy". It's more of a fit in your place that you were put sort of thing. We are toys to a creation that is and forever will be beyond our understanding. We will never know, so we can just stop trying and ignore the subject. I will go as far to say as I am no longer an Atheist. However I will not bring my understanding of something of which I can not understand into my own reality that I have thus created so far.  This is something that I am going to leave alone and go on with my day, because does it really matter? Does it? Back to being a toy. We are all one, we have no right to do otherwise, we need to find what we can do, and do it. No questions. Don't think about what you do. Just do it. If you are needed elsewhere something will call for it. But what you are doing is what you must. Because that is what we have given the title, "happiness". What we are made to do, individually. But its simply beyond that, the concept is made up. Its just to keep us in our places, but we have made it be for so long, well that happiness has become something, and with anything that is something, there is always the opposite. We made an opposite to nothing, something that isnt there. So how can we break from this cycle? Well just remember. No feelings. Do what you are meant to do. We can think with our own brains to figure out what that is. And follow it, but once feelings get involved, you need to drop it. and think again. It's something that must be done. In order to break the cycle. Of which we have named, "Depression and happiness".