I need help but I literally can't afford it.I'm taking college classes. I have a scholarship, and I'm getting much-needed money from it. If I fail or withdraw from classes this semester, that's it. A huge (to me; $2000-$5000 a year) source of income, gone just like that.

I'm a danger to myself. I know that. I can't help it. I know that I need to be kept somewhere and watched over, but if that happens, I won't be able to stick with my classes. Financially, this is a huge deal. If I try to kill myself, fail, and someone finds out, that's it—my life will basically be ruined.

The worst part is, I know I have a victim complex. Everything turns into other people hurting me or wanting to hurt me. But I've realized it's the opposite—I'm not the one being hurt, I'm the one doing the hurting. I see my family's reactions, and for some reason I can't see it as real. No matter what anyone says or does, I can't feel like anyone cares.

"I was abused growing up." "I was ignored most of my life." "My family doesn't support me."

What is that? Half-true at best? I don't even know. It's a shitty story, all of it, and I don't know how much of it is just the lies I've convinced myself of.

I'm going to have a good opportunity to kill myself tomorrow, and I can't see myself not taking it. And it kills me inside, because I know how much it'll hurt my friend(s) (I'm not sure how many I actually have, at this point) and family (some of them). I hate thinking about it, so when I try to kill myself, I don't. That's how it's been. That's how it is with everything.

As it is, I'm on the verge of failing my classes anyway. It stresses me out, so I don't think about it. And because of that, I can't get stuff done in time, and I don't study enough.

_Despite that_, if my friends wanted to meet up, I'd be overjoyed. I've tried to set up meetings with them before, but outside of obligations (group study sessions for classes), it's always, "not this time."

I don't know what to think. I hate that I constantly think of myself as a victim, and I hate that I keep blaming myself.

Why does my brother watch anti-trans arguments on Youtube right after I came out to him? Why did my father stop calling me by my name or nickname, and instead it's always "son" or "boy"? Why do my parents refuse to help me with the stuff I can't do on my own? Why do people ignore my texts and calls for days?

I don't know how much of that is true at this point. Probably all of it. How much of that is even worth worrying over? Probably none of it. People have their own issues to deal with, and my family is extremely religious and conservative. Should I be blaming them? I don't think so. But I do anyway.

So what do I do? I've heard people say, "Try to make it better; if the alternative is suicide, what is there to lose?" What I have to lose is the rest of my sanity, self-respect, and sense of self. What I have to lose is going off of my medications and starting to hallucinate again. What I have to lose is ruining other people's lives because I can't stand to be around them while I'm hurting. Does none of that matter in the face of suicide? "There's always hope." What if I hope in reincarnation? Does that not count?

I just don't know what to do anymore. I don't know why I reach out for help. I don't know why I'm wasting my time here when I should be getting my homework done. I just can't find it in me to care about anything anymore; the books I love, the TV shows I love, the classes I love, the people I love—nothing matters, and it sickens me that I think this way.