Not sure what to sayI'm not really sure where to start. This could turn into a novel but it's not worth making anyone read that much.

Quick intro: I'm a mid 20's male, unmarried with no s/o, went to college and working as a web developer.

I've been depressed for a long time. I was sexually abused by a male babysitter when I was 11-12, and I've never dealt with it. My parents/family found out after I smartened up and talked to my brother, and he was prosecuted and sentenced (and has since been released). I don't really want to say much about details (for obvious reasons) but even though I was young and naive, I still think I should have been able to see this his bullshit. I know that's just adult me talking, but it doesn't make me feel any less like it's my fault.

I started having sex with girls within a year or so after, but it never really felt like it was supposed to, it felt forced. I remember being attracted to girls before (I was at the age where Kelly from SBTB was my dream girl) but I haven't felt anything close to that feeling since, for anyone. For a while I was afraid I was gay (I have nothing against gay people, but who would want to be gay and have to deal with all the problems that can come with it?) but I think if that was the case I would actually find someone attractive by now. In a passing thought I was worried I might be a pedophile, but dismissed the idea and didn't think about it again for a long time.

In high-school I was still bothered by the fact that all my peers were all in relationships, etc, and constantly thinking about girls and sex while I had to constantly fake an understanding just to fit in. I started using a lot of drugs to forget worries like this, and at my worst would continuously push my boundaries of consumption/drug cocktail mixes in a half-assed attempt to kill myself. I knew I wanted to die, but I still felt guilty for the effects it would have on other people. A few of my friends had committed suicide previously, and I know how hard and unfair it is on everyone else.

Despite the heavy drug use I got good grades in school and went to college. By now I had stopped using and instead focused all my time on programming projects and other more positive tasks to keep myself from dwelling on my problems. In college I felt even more out of place as my lack of a sexual identity was even more obvious to me (and I feared it was to others). By now I had started to notice that I paid more attention to children than anyone else. If there was a family of four walking ahead, I would notice the children first and probably barely glance at the adults. By "notice" I don't mean in a sexual way, I just mean I would be able to tell you the color of their shirt or some other detail or if asked I might say there are only two people there, ignoring the adults altogether. I didn't think this made me a pedophile or even should be something to concerned about, but it made me start worrying that I might be a monster like my babysitter.

I was worrying about this constantly, and being around people who talked about sex or girls started to be real problem for me, as I started to feel jealous and spiteful that everyone else took their normalcy for granted. I started to form friendships based on this, and tried to associate with people where picking up girls wasn't a high priority. Obviously it still came up every now and again, and even though these are people I would lay down in traffic for I secretly hate them for everything they have that I don't. 

It seems so petty and stupid and I'm ashamed for it, but I just want to be like everyone else. I'm tired of being afraid to go out and have a good time for fear of bursting out into tears for seemingly no reason at all. I can't stay overnight anywhere because sometimes I'll have a dream about the abuse and will wet my bed, something I started doing shortly after it happened and then stopped for 10 years until it recently started again. 

I'm still haunted by it in daily thought and dreams, reliving what happened over and over to the point of being able to remember small details like clothing and how he smelled and yet being unable to change anything. I know the longer I dwell on it the more it's going to hurt, but I can't stop. Every few weeks I'll break down for a few days and just lay there crying, unable to work. I originally quit my first job after college and and I was having problems missing work and I rather that deal with the problem I just quit and made money doing some black-market type work. This was supposed to be the point where things changed, I was doing something I truly enjoyed and I didn't have to worry about a lot of the things that made holding traditional jobs. 

I guess that's been a theme in how I dealt with this. I never deal with anything, I just find a new way to get by for a new period of time and hope some magical fix will come around. When I originally quit my job to start the black market work, I though the switch would make me happier and be the start of a turn around. It slowly sank in that I should be happy after this switch but wasn't, and I fell into a deeper depression, stopped answering anyone and lost most of my contacts in the "non-traditional" work. This was my last desperate effort to fix my life without actually addressing the deep rooted problems.

After I ran out of money I was forced to find a real job. I found one that I actually like and it was probably responsible for keeping me alive for a few more months. I was really not doing well awake for 20+ hours a day inside my own head, and this was a good way to keep me occupied and out of the house. But now, that's not enough. I'm starting to break down more and more and falling into a rut again, and before long I'm going to need the next thing that will prop me up for a few more weeks. 

Obviously the solution would be to actually deal with the problems and seek help, etc. I've been putting it off for a so long I just don't think I can deal with it. It's going to a long and tough road, and I frankly don't feel like my life as it is is worth saving. I've been talking with a friend and shared some of the details, and he has been absolutely phenomenal and understanding. Without him I would have probably died years ago. He knows about the abuse and how depressed I am, but I haven't been able to get the courage to tell him that I'm afraid I might be a pedophile. And I'm even more afraid to find out that I am one, because I would have to kill myself on principal. 

I'm honestly not sure why I'm writing this or what I hope to accomplish by doing so. I already know that I want to take the easy way out and get it over with, but I suppose there will be a part of me that wants to live, probably until the very end. I feel bad for the effect my suicide will have on others, but I am miserable and can't let the feelings of others be the decision maker anymore. I've already had letters for family and friends, etc, written for months in preparation for my suicide, and I know where and when I want to do it.

I hope this is somewhat coherent, I'm not in a very good state of mind right now and kind of babbling I'm sure. 