I don’t care about anything anymore because I see myself dead soon.My name is Brian. I’m 16 years old, I’m a junior in High School, I work a part time job, and I make music in my past time (since i was 11). I never talk to anyone, and I’m very alone. I don’t think I have any real friends. I don’t have a girlfriend because my confidence is low, and at this point I find myself scared of girls or anything sexual. 

I’ve been really upset since about 7th grade. Everyday, for the past 3 years (give or take) my existence has been nothing but mental and emotional pain that I endure. The feeling of my chest wanting to explode is something I’ve grown use to. I honestly haven’t had a day where I was truly happy in years. The feeling of constant emptiness and uselessness has overcome my state of mind as I believe these things to be true about my character. The scars that have been presented on my arms and legs are not a cry for help, but they are a non-recommended method I use to cope with the frequent unknown panic attacks I have. I would rather unleash it all and take on the physical pain, than deal with the mental pain anymore. I feel bad for existing. I think I annoy others when I try to communicate. 

Many people tell me that I should look forward to things in life because of my talents both in school and in music, but at this point I just don’t care anymore. I’m tired of living and the thought of me growing up with a career with a different life of my own isn’t pleasing to me. I just want to die and end everything. 

I don’t know if I suffer from depression or not because I’ve never been diagnosed with it. I was in therapy for awhile but that never helped. Nothing felt genuine, and I hate myself too much to care. Many people have it much worse than me so in all reality I’m just a little bitch whose upset over nothing. 

My goal is to die before I graduate high school. I wanted to shoot myself originally, but I don’t gave access to weapons. Overdose is fine with me though. 