I think I don’t deserve to be lovedEveryday, I secretly think my friends, family, and boyfriend does not love me. Even when they obviously show that they do, I will think to myself, they love me for something else. 

Friends: I’m fun to be around for an hour or so. I’m pretty much down to do anything. (Or at least, try to) I take part in serious/real life experience conversations pretty well. But there are times when we don’t talk for a month or so, I feel very left out. I see from their snap stories that they’re eating out or hanging out with each other. Even though it is a pretty weird conclusion, I feel like they don’t want me there because I am a pretty boring company after some time has passed.

Family: simply because of the label of being a family member. Honestly, I feel the least amount of love from this group of people.

Boyfriend: We had a pretty rough month. He has said some pretty harsh things about me. And has done things that I still can’t forgive. Even though he comes over at least 3 times a week (before it was once a week), shows some affection, spoke kind words, and bought 2 specific items as christmas gifts that I wanted for years, I secretly think I’m nothing to him. That he only loves the idea of me loving him. I could disappear off the face of the earth, and it wouldn’t matter to him.

I feel that every time I talk about personal problems, I burden them. So I just don’t talk about it, or if I do, I keep it at surface level. 

There are other factors that gives me a hard time in my current life. In retrospect, my life isn’t terrible. If I had the motivation to keep going, I could work things out. The problem is, I don’t have that strive. I feel very alone EVERY. SINGLE. DAY. 

If I passed away, I wouldn’t be missed and that it didn’t really matter anyways.

I think about killing myself pretty often. But I know I won’t do it. I’m afraid of death. I’m afraid of missing out the good parts of life. Yet, I feel like if I do continue living on, I won’t be happy. I would be better off dead. 

I really pray that I get into a car accident or some sort of accident that would kill me. At this point, I’m just waiting to die. If I could be granted one wish, is that I wish I was never born.