fuckhttp://www.reddit.com/r/BreakUps/comments/1cpmk6/she_21_left_me_21_6_months_ago_a_week_from_today/

I posted that in /r/breakups a few days ago.

I wish I knew how to love myself. I really really do. I wish I could look out for myself without depending on others to make me happy. But I can't. And after having such an intense, beautiful relationship and knowing what true love, happiness and warmth feels like...I know that it's forever gone. I lost her...and with her...my happiness.

And the worst part is...if she were to ever return to my life (impossible), I could not fall in love with her. I realize that now. I'm broken. I long for being in love - for having that companionship and closeness...But I'm forever broken. And I wish I could turn that longing into a focus that will improve myself and help me recover...But I'm broken.

I'm going to start writing good bye letters tonight. Hers will be by far the longest. And yet I'm not sure if I even want her to have it. I don't want her to feel responsible, she's not. I just have so much I need to say to her before it's all over.

God damnit. Fuck everything. She was the only one who could save me from killing myself. I tried holding off. I tried proving to both her and myself that I could survive the break-up...and the fact of the matter is...I cannot. For a while the thought of how pained my family and friends would feel prevented me...but what's more selfish? Suffering so that they can talk to me every few days or ending my pain completely, something I know they'll recover from. 

I'm drunk. I'm ready. I'm terrified. I'm unsure. But death is calling to me all the same. How sweet it will be not to ever dream of her again or long for her presence. To have the knowledge that I lost the most wonderful thing in my world forever disappear into the abyss. The world will go on without me, I will soon disappear from all memory. Like a nameless tombstone in a graveyard.

The thought of death used to cause me extreme anxiety. For a few years, I clinged to Christianity as a way out of death - a promise of eternal life. I used to have panic attacks on the red line and buses, constantly terrified of an accident or an attack. Death was always my greatest fear...now it's my greatest friend.

I guess I'm posting here because I accept that there could be someone who reminds me why I should enjoy life. But I doubt it.

I'll post my letters here later. I just want  to make sure they are as perfect as they can be.