This started as an open letter to myself about my hardships. At the end I realized why I needed to write itI'm just going to type this out.  My life sucks.  My husband has hidradenitis suppurativa (the Google images are pretty accurate but NSFL).  It causes boils in multiple sensitive places.  Right now it's under his arms, on his groin around his penis, under his testicles, and near the top of his ass in the center.  They are open sores.  They bleed and ooze puss constantly.  I came home last night to him sleeping on the couch in a pool of his own blood and puss because part of the boil on his butt popped in his sleep.  He often sleeps on the couch because he can sleep more comfortably on his side there than on the bed.  

He walks poorly, even when his rheumatoid arthritis isn't acting up.  Because of this I do almost all of the cooking and cleaning.  We both work full time and barely manage to get by financially.  We have pay day loans and overdraw our bank account by $500 every pay check.  We're trying desperately to climb out of this hole, but it's not easy.  

Last year I was working a second full time job to try to bring us out of this financial situation.  We were making progress, until I had a heart attack.  This triggered a series of events that resulted in finding out that what we believed to be rheumatoid arthritis for the last 10 years, was actually systemic lupus.  I have lupus and it's been largely undetected and untreated for 10 years.

I've always pushed myself physically.  I understood that even though I might be in pain, it wouldn't kill me to work through it.  The dishes needed to be done, my daughter needed to take a bath, and I couldn't miss a day of work.  That's changed now.  I'm still doing all of these things, but I know that pushing myself to these extremes is advancing my condition.

I quit my second job.  Since then I've been promoted twice.  We were almost out of the financial hole until our only vehicle (a junker) was stolen.  We had to make sure our new car was reliable since we drive an average of 75 miles a day bringing us both to and from work with one vehicle.  We had to come up with the money for a down payment and added a used car payment and larger insurance bill to our list of responsibilities. We cut our cell phone bill and cable to compensate.

We make it work though.  We pay for his medical care as we can and his doctors are understanding.  But he's undergoing new surgeries every year and it's adding up.  

My health insurance is weak, so we can't even afford to entertain the idea of treating my disease.  The blood tests required monthly for my medication alone would leave us unable to pay rent.  Speaking of... We're sharing a one bedroom with our three year old.  We can't afford child care so we work opposite shifts.

We're both getting sicker.  We're stressed.  Our relationship, once the beacon of light in our situation, is becoming strained and dull.  We are constantly trying to weigh who can do the house work more.  I usually lose. Often I'm crying in pain as I'm trying to wash the dishes because we've put them off for days and they've crusted over. My hands hurt so bad... But he can barely sit or stand... So I lose.

I'm tired.  My nerves are damaged so I feel bugs crawling on me constantly. I'm always in pain.  I can't sleep until I'm exhausted.  Sometimes liquor helps.

I don't know how much longer we can go like this.  I can't even talk to anyone when I'm suicidal because it's so "selfish".  Those are the times I wonder if this life is even real.  If it's not real then I can leave guilt free, right?

As I'm writing this, my left arm is numb. My odd symptoms have become nothing more than minor  inconveniences and a daily reminder that I'm dying.  I'm miserable, I'm failing at life, and I'm dying a slow death that could take me tomorrow or never.  "Never" is the scariest option.