I’m ready to give upTo warn everyone this is really long. You don’t have to read it I’m just venting sorta 


Life just sucks. I’m just ready to die so I can stop suffering. I’m a 19 year old male. I’m too poor to pay for college and too dumb for scholarship. I’ve applied for multiple jobs but none will hire me. My household is dysfunctional and falling apart. My mom is the only one working in my household while also being nearly 7 or 8 months pregnant. My dad is just here. All he does is run around this house smoking weed and yelling at everyone. Everyday he’s yelling at my mom, grandma, or siblings about something stupid. I’m the oldest of soon to be 9 siblings. They can be very disrespectful towards me and I don’t really like that and can’t do anything about it. My cousin lives here and all he does is smoke weed and beg me for money. I’ve gotten unemployment benefits since May because I lost my job because of the virus. Everyone here has been using me as if I’m made of money and now I’m basically broke so no one wants anything to do with me. It fucking sucks when no one wants to say anything unless it has something to do with giving them money or buying them something. I consider a lot of people to be my friend but unfortunately no one does for me. I have a “best friend” who only talks to me when she’s bored or when her boyfriend is busy. She claims I’m wrong but from our conversations I can clearly see I’m right. I’ve tried to vent to her multiple times but it always ends with her yelling at me and me apologizing for being the way I am so that’s why I’m here. I have a dream of being a full time streamer in the future and I don’t really have any support. None of my friends or family support me but I know for sure they’ll be the first people with their hands out if I somehow make it. I feel like giving up on that. Especially with so many streamers that are big right now, I don’t think I stand a chance. I only average 1 view and that’s basically me monitoring my stream. I suck at video games too so idk why I would want to stream my horrible gameplay with the possibility of getting roasted. I’ve been single for a year now. My ex dumped me last year around this time and I haven’t been able to find someone since. My ex has a baby now and I’m just here. I’ve been trying to talk to girls but I always end up getting rejected or friend zoned. I always get the “you’re such a nice or chill guy” thing which I think is just a nice way of saying I’m not interested in you and I’m starting to getting used it. I’m starting to accept that I’m meant to be alone. God doesn’t have anyone out there for me. Accepting that means that I should just end my life instead of being here. I’ve been trying to find the courage to kill myself but I don’t have it. I just wish god would take me already.