My depression is getting worse and I have no way of treating itI'm 16 and I've suffered from what I believe to be depression and anxiety for years. I know self-diagnosis isn't reliable and has a bad reputation, but I've been through so much trauma (growing up and currently living in a severely abusive household, being raped and molested as a kid, being bullied for years, struggling to accept my homosexuality, etc). I've had suicidal thoughts as long as I can remember. I haven't been truly happy in years because I always feel numb and apathetic, and when I do have emotions, I'm drowning in sadness. Even doing small tasks like showering or dressing myself are exhausting and difficult to do.   

I've never been officially diagnosed for depression, and even if I were, there's no possible way for me to be treated for it. My parents don't believe in mental health or mental illnesses and think that therapy and medication is a sham. The other potential sources of help in my life aren't great either. Multiple times in the past, I've tried to tell my doctor that I'm suffering from depression, and she told me that she didn't really think I was. My school's counselor isn't helpful because she doesn't listen to me and would keep telling me that I just needed to be less stressed.   

I have constant breakdowns where I want to harm myself. Most of the time when I have them, they happen for no reason. My most recent one was on Saturday, February 10th. My mother got angry with me and tried to stab me, but I ran away and locked myself in my room. I started crying while laying down on the floor and the breakdown started. I felt like I was having a heart attack and that my systems were shutting down. I could feel myself screaming and convulsing but I couldn't stop. I kept thinking of slitting my wrists (I've never done that form of self-harm though, I'm scared of what would happen if my parents noticed) during it and was so afraid of what my hands might do to myself, and I felt like I didn't have any control over them. At some point, I started slamming my head against the floor and wall because I was in complete agony and I knew it was all in my head and I wanted to make it stop. Usually I have a breakdown approx. once every three months, but I've had three already since 2018 started.

I'm afraid I'm going to kill myself if my depression doesn't get treated soon. I can't wait 2 more years to leave home and get treated then, I don't think it's possible. I feel like my entire life has been spent fighting depression and having it ruin everything: my grades, my relationships, my individuality. I'm just so tired of losing this battle and having no end in sight. I don't know what to do.