No one takes me seriouslyMy parents don't take me seriously. I can't tell them about my depression without my parents making me feel even worse or selfish. When I told my mom that I wanted to go back to the psychiatrist that had recommended putting me on medication, she told me "I think you just want to take drugs.". Which is insane because I don't smoke anything or drink but she used to smoke and take oxys, so I feel like she's just projecting onto me. 

My dad is tripping out about helping me with school. I pay for everything with loans, which is fine, but the school I transferred to requires a 200$ deposit and he's been shitting on me all week about that. He's never even bought me a car or done anything for me that would put me a little bit ahead in life. He had given me his old blue car but I just found out that he sold it to someone. He also never taught me how to drive like he promised he would and wouldn't put me up for lessons. So it's hard to do things like go to the doctor when I need to, get immunization records, go to a gym, or to run any errands for that matter. Meanwhile, he can give his girlfriend $8000 for a deposit on her house and her brother $2000 money for his rent. His girlfriend makes six figures and gets paid more than him. His girlfriend is also married and lives in New York City with her husband and their kids. He recently got 500k from when my grandfather died and I'm not saying I'm entitled to any of his money but I'm struggling and it hurts to see him help other people out but not me. I'm not even pursuing what I really want to in college because of him and I'm starting to wonder why I even chose this path. I don't mean to demonize my parents, I still love them, but they haven't been making my life easy. 

 Doctors won't take me seriously when I tell them I feel sick. They misdiagnose me with things like it's just gas when it turns out to be an ulcer. One doctor kept trying to diagnose the bumps/rash on my hand with ringworm and I kept telling her the ring-shaped scar on my hand is from a cut. Turns out, I discovered from another doctor I have eczema and I was just having a really bad reaction to something. I got some medicated lotion and my hands went from feeling like they were on fire to being smooth. My vertigo sometimes makes the simplest tasks very hard and also gives me some intense migraines. I have a migraine as I'm typing this up, actually. 

Another problem; I can tell that a fall that I had from when I was younger is giving me all kinds of neurological issues. From random jerks to 10-minute muscles spasms, especially so on the side of my temples that I smacked right into a toilet when I slipped and fell in the bathroom.

 These are minor inconveniences but it adds on to my stress, and lately, all I can think about is walking into moving traffic. Ending it all. All of my problems go, poof. No more pointless job applications, no more college major that I'm not even interested in, no more random pains, no more reliving past trauma when I see my rapist,  no more anything.. I'm having bad luck with finding a new job. My friends are all busy. My boyfriend is in the army, so he's as supportive as he can be but obviously there are limits. Honestly, I've been trying to be understanding about him working so much but I do take out my frustrations on him. Honestly, I know he's having a rough go at it with his new unit and I wish I could be a more supportive girlfriend but I don't have it in me right now. This is also the time of the year that always bums me out because my aunt died of sickle cell anemia a couple years back on new years. I'm not sure but ever since I was a kid I blamed myself for what happened to her. She was complaining about cramps all day and was crying all day on the couch and I was going to call 911 or my mom but she told me no these were just period cramps. Nope, turned out to be the sickle cell anemia + jaundice destroying her. She died that night. Even now, her death still tears me up pretty bad. I was very close to her and she was basically the 'fun' aunt that was always there for me. Now she's gone and honestly I could use a hug from her. 

This has been one long incomprehensible mess but in a nutshell: 
I'm so tired of living. I've been angry at myself all day. I went for a walk to try to blow off some steam and couldn't walk into traffic. Then I was even angrier at myself for being too scared to do it. I don't want to be selfish but I've never been much of a fighter and honestly, I feel so tired. Everything is starting to get to me.