I see no reason to continue living...Everyday I wake up, I feel dead inside. It's a pain for me to exist in this world. I have lost all motivation to succeed or really do anything besides get high all day. It's all I live for now. If I wasn't getting high all day, I probably would've offed myself by now. It's my dysfunctional way to cope with day to day life, but I'm at my wits end. 

I started experimenting with drugs when I turned sixteen and I quickly found myself developing a pretty nasty marijuana habit. I was starting to get high almost everyday after school with my friends, but that soon became a bore. So I upped the ante and began trying harder drugs. Mushrooms, LSD, DXM, Amphetamines, xanax, you name it, I probably did it. Out of all the drugs I just mentioned, LSD was the one that became an every weekend experience for me. This period of my life, is probably what caused the sharp decline in my mental health. I can never forgive myself for killing my mind. I know it's my own stupid actions that ruined my life, and I hate myself for it. I dropped out of high school a few months ago because I felt so sick and tired on a daily basis, that I couldn't bring myself to attend. I also just wanted to get high with my crazy ex-girlfriend. It's all I could do at the time. I wanted nothing more than to sleep all day.

Long story short, I'm now working a dead end, bullshit, minimum wage job to support myself and I don't know what to do with my life. I've disgraced my whole family by dropping out of high school and I can't even find the energy to get a fucking GED. How pitiful is that? How could I ever hope to attend college and make something of my life now?? I just feel hopeless. I'd like nothing more than to end all the suffering that my existence brings me, but it'd be a selfish act that would hurt what is left of my friends and family. So I can't do that. I just see no reason to live and no reason to die. I guess I'll just have to keep living my life in this awful, mundane world. For now.

