TL;DRIt isn't getting better. The medication isn't helping. I am too alone, alone with my thoughts. Nostalgia stabbing into my heart and twisting the blade. Everything good has already happened for me. Everything I care about, the friends, the jobs, the drugs, it's all in the past now. Nothing ever comes to replace what I've lost, so there is just emptiness where there used to be love, where there used to be distraction. 

I love my family but I am suffering mentally. I am lost and I am trapped in my life. There is something wrong with my mind, I know it. I have only failed, I do not succeed and I am miserable trying to make sense out of the broken pieces. 

I'm sick, I'm not well. I present well, at least they tell me so. Say I'm high-functioning. But I am not well. I am sick and there is no cure. On these long nights alone I don't want to fight anymore. I want to give up. I'm not interested in working to have a better life, as I know it won't come, it's all gone gray. 

It's been almost a decade of therapy and pills and I'm getting old, the doors are closing. I'm just teetering on the edge of collapse. They still believe in me, but I don't believe in myself and I'm so tired of living for them, when there is no joy. When I can't complete the easiest of tasks. When everyday is just waking up to the same shit feelings. Wanting to hide somewhere I feel safe. This pathetic weak little life I'm living.

I am so sad because there is no one to tell my thoughts to that matters to my heart. My parents are burnt out from listening to me, my sister ignores me, and everyone else, they never knew me. No one knows who I am, they just know this pathetic sad, bitter, useless man I've become. They didn't ever know the boy I was, the one who believed that things would actually get better if he just tried. The one with all the opportunity. But he was so sick too. Stuck at home suffering from agoraphobia. He should of killed himself then, but he thought he'd get better, because that's what they promise you, that's what they tell you so they can comfort themselves. IT WILL GET BETTER. What if it already got better and now I'm living the post-better life? It got better, then it got so much worse. 

I'm getting so sick again. I'm losing my mind. They cut my hours back at work and my one friend isn't calling as much anymore. Now I just have idle time to suffer and nothing to self medicate with. I'm so tired of life. My psychiatrist said I didn't want to exist, not that I wanted to die. I'm not even sure what that means. I want to die, I want to end "my life", the final resolve to everything that has happened, to be at peace with my story.

How much longer will it go on?