I can't deal with what I've done anymore... It's too evil and wrong. I'm a terrible person. Why, why, why did I do this :( :( :(I'm on the verge of just ending it all. Like 6 months ago I was having a mental breakdown. I used to smoke way too much for 9 years and only eat garbage, like 15 cigarettes and 5 spliffs but quit 1.5 yrs ago. Then I started working out all the time and hit the gym 6 days per week. The regret became unbearable. I should have always lived like this!!! Then I'd be a healthy and handsome guy right now who'd have like a 99% chance of a long life. Instead I'm a loser and I think I will get lung cancer and die soon 😭😭😭 I had sooooooooo much pain and felt so sad. I quit at 27 years old and I'm 28 now. Anyway I was becoming extremely suicidal because I can't change the past. 

Then I made the worst mistake of my life because in some DUMB impulse I wrote to my ex that I miss her who was 8 yrs older. She wrote a dismissive message that she had improved a lot and blocked me. I then made a new account and told her: 'Fuck improving. I'm done with life. Pointless bullshit anyway. You still want my cat?'

She gets angry and blocks me, but for some reason I keep making new accounts to continue the 'conversation' to explain myself until finally she explodes after like the 8th account. That message COMPLETELY destroys me and it keeps repeating in my head constantly for 7 months!!!!!! And out of desperation because what she said to me is so bad I just spam her all the time because I go completely crazy due to hearing insults raging through my brain. I also get angry at her and wrote a little bit of mean stuff back. Most of it is explaining myself though. I finally quit doing this like 2 months ago, but it's so fucking bad of me... 

This has fucked me up so heavily and I'd be doing so much better if I had never contacted her. I feel so fucked up!!! Like I feel like that dumb impulse of writing suicidal texts without thinking and then constantly making new accounts to save it while she didn't want to talk caused me to go from a redeemable person to losing all hope and a complete piece of shit. I can't think about anything else. I'm feeling so hopeless!!! Everyday all I'm thinking about are those insults and my terrible response to it by spamming her for MONTHS. What have I done :( I hate myself so much. I'm so wrong. I can't believe it. I'm the worst person ever. The worst of the worst. I can NEVER forgive myself after this :(