I'm so tiredI feel a little pathetic at this point. I've been struggling to not be suicidal for a really long time but I'm so tired. I know that suicide is wrong but to me, it seems like such a sweet escape. I know its the easy way out. But I'm not strong like those motivational posts I see on the front page. 

My mother abused me my entire life until I recently fought back and she threw me out. Which was my fault. If I needed a home, I should have endured it until I found steady footing. But I couldn't take it anymore. My father was largely absent and wasn't a great dad. He tried though. I don't blame him. My mother drove him away and he was a foster child. I can't blame him. He believed a mother was what I needed. I had an older brother too. But he left and abandoned ship as soon as he got married. I haven't seen him in almost three years. I thought he would take me with him. But he left me. Everyone has left me. 

All these years, I tried to rise above the occasion. I started working at 13 under the table and I tried really hard. But I didn't make it. I didn't know enough about finances or the law to emancipate myself. I'm 23 now. And all I feel are my failures on my shoulders. I dropped out of high school and finished my diploma elsewhere. I went to community college and dropped out because I was tired from working 3 jobs. I tried sugaring for college money but I couldn't do it. 

I'm freeloading at my boyfriend's mom's place. I'm just a freeloader. I'm not allowed to cry or feel sad. They mean well but all I do is swallow all my tears and keep it inside. I don't want them to know. But I'm tired and it hurts. I tried really hard you know? Maybe I can try harder but I don't think I have it in me. I feel so selfish. My life isn't that bad. My friends love me. I have a job. I have food to eat and a place to sleep. I really shouldn't be complaining. But I'm lost and I'm unsure of what to do now. And I just want to disappear. I wanted to go to medical school but I don't think Ill be able to handle it with jobs and rent and staying alive. I don't know how those wonderful people do it. I wish I could be like them. I feel too old and finished. I barely have a college education and I'm too weak and stupid to do anything more. I've tried though. I clicked those suicide help links. I've called. I've reached out to friends and therapy. But I don't have anymore fight in me anymore. 

I knew death was inevitable when I was 6 years old. I never forget anything. I remember everything. I was sitting on a white bench as I cried about my mortality and my half sister put a time on me "you have 60 years left why are you crying" and all I remember is how short 60 years felt like. And from that point on, a part of me wondered. What's the point? My first suicide attempt was that year. It was stupid. I didn't really understand anything. I tried stabbing my throat with an opened safety pin. Then I tried swallowing it. My brother called me an idiot. I tried to fatally fall down the stairs when I was 8. And at 11 I wrote about my suicidal thoughts in a journal i turned in to my english teacher and all hell broke loose. My family was called. I was sent to mandatory therapy. The beatings at home increased. My half sister told me I had nothing to be upset about. My brother called me an idiot. So did my father. And mother. "Why are you complaining" they're right. Why am I complaining. Food to eat. Home to sleep in. Clothes to wear. I had luxury. I had internet and a computer in the 90's. And all I did was search on how to kill myself. I purposefully got in with the wrong crowd when I entered high school. I was looking for drugs. Or alcohol. Because I saw on the news that it kills people. I was hoping to OD. I was hoping to get hit by a car. But I never did. I could have jumped off the building but I was afraid of how public it was. I tried to hang myself but I couldn't get it right. I looked for a gun but had no money.

I tried all these years. I really did. And I think I fared pretty well. I kept myself up this entire time. But I'm starting to run out of juice. A lifetime of just barely making it. My friends tell me "youve come so far just a little more. You can do it."  But can I really? I'm so tired. I'm running out of the power I've been using all these years. I can't muster any more. I'm sorry I can't do this. I'm sorry I'm so weak and pathetic. But I tried. I always tried. But I'm still sorry that I'm not more. And I'm sorry to anybody that had to listen to my pathetic sob story. But I wanted someone to know. I wanted someone to hear the voice that I've never let anyone hear. I won't kill myself today. Or any day soon. I have to go to work. And fulfill my responsibilities. But how nice would it be to just leave? I live another day but am I really alive?