i’m tired.the guy i love brought me out of depression and suicide only to put me back into it. i don’t blame him because i did this to myself. back in junior year, i met this one guy and we were just friends. the guy would always send relationship stuff but not with me, another girl he’s crushing on. i didn’t want my boyfriend to take it the wrong way so i deleted it... my boyfriend found out i deleted it and he accused me of cheating which i didn’t but i did admit i deleted the messages. he’s a very stubborn person to believe anyone and still accuses me of it. this really affected our relationship and i felt horrible about it. i stopped talking to guy friends and i didn’t have any problem with it. when we do fight though, he would always bring the guy up and the deleted messages. he talks to me like he literally hates me but we always say let’s leave it behind yet he can’t let go. sometimes, i find him as a hypocrite because he talks (he wasn’t flirting) to girls yet when i do, i’m in the wrong and he’s always like i can’t trust you blah blah blah. a few days ago, an old friend hit me up asking if i was kia and i said yea. the old friend deleted his first two messages for some odd reason and when i told my boyfriend that an old friend hit me up, i sent a screenshot of it. my boyfriend took it the wrong way and he questioned me and asking why i texted first or why i talked to him. i said i didn’t and i asked the old friend why he deleted the messages but he didn’t respond back, only left me on read. this lead my boyfriend to not believe me. today, we had a huge fight and i broke down because it hurts me of being accused of something i didn’t do. it hurts me because i kept bottling everything up and let him talk me down during our fights. i did do something wrong to hurt him but i wish he could let go. it pushed me to the point where i don’t feel good enough because i do struggle with loving myself. before that happened, he was being shady and calling me a hoe or a bitch as a ‘joke’ but i shrugged it off. so yea, i’m suicidal and i don’t have anyone to go to because i lost so many friends. he’s honestly a good guy and boyfriend but i really did hurt him with the deleted messages. i understand he struggle trying to be good but he’s hurting. i really love him and im thinking about going to a therapist for our relationship.