I can't do it anymore but I can't break my promise. (I posted some of this already so no need to read it)I repost it after I added some stuff and it helps me when I just notice that people actually read this. You don't have to. I don't want to waste your time.

She died in my arms. 3 years ago. I promised not to do the same. We were basically siblings. Back then I already thought I hit rock bottom. But it was only going downhill for me. She is not to blame. Don't even try that.

She was the only connection I had. We talked about everything that was going on in our lives. My family didn't know her so is unaware about her death and my whole situation. Its not that I don't trust them. I just don't want to open up and even if I would want to I couldn't get myself to do it. I have DID (Dissociative identity disorder) which wasn't that big of a problem before that. I just see my life like a movie with the possibility to vote for certain actions. But after that the disorder got worse and I had changes of personality more often. A couple days ago I basically destroyed a relationship of a girl who I didn't like for certain things that are irrelevant because I lost control over my actions and switched into a bery angry state. I regret this so much and can't undo it but she on the upside she doesn't know that it was me. You get what I want to say here. I'm afraid that will happen more often and I don't want that. It comes without a warning and often when I'm overwhelmed with feelings. And that isn't the only thing. I am not able to talk to anyone I like or attempt to make new friends. I have some good friendships right now but I am still lonely because I, as I mentioned earlier, can't open up to anyone. This is only the tip of the iceberg.

I may not answer immediatly because it phyaically hurts and exhausts me when I open up just a little.

I don't feel anything anymore except pain and feelings that fall into that category. I stopped feeling love, joy, etc. (I can't think of more) after her death. I felt as if the major part of my soul had died. Since then I started to wear feelings as masks. Although most people that know me would say I am a pretty happy person I am quite the opposite. I started to imitate feelings from what I knew about them and saw on others. And everytime I use them they get better and the chance of me opening up sink bit by bit.

Everytime I talk to somebody or even right now while writing this I feel like wasting someone elses time. I try very often to post here but end up deleting 30 minutes worth of vent because I can't get myself to press that post button. While reading my vent people could have helped other people and I feel bad about that. And everytime I delete a post it gets worse. I think I should stop. 