I've attempted suicide 6 times, none successfully (obviously) and I just needed somewhere to tell my story.This isn't a post preaching about how it'll all get better and that there must be some "divine meaning" for why I'm still alive today.

I'm not better. If anything I'm worse now than I have ever been. I honestly feel like going for attempt No. 7.

I'll start at the very beginning I guess. 

First of all, I'm gay. So yeah that's great.

As a child I was diagnosed with both photosensitive epilepsy and narcolepsy (although they're both "lepsy's" it is not common for people to have both). 

This obviously caused problems in my life and made me feel like I was a burden on the people around me, who had to go out of their way to help me function normally and have the most normal life possible.

This was the reasoning behind my first attempt. I didn't want to burden people anymore. I jumped off the balcony of an apartment building, and got away with just a broken rib and a sprained ankle.

The second time I tried, it was with sleeping pills. My parents found me and immediately took me to the hospital where they used charcoal to bind with the pills and stop them from taking effect. 

After this, my parents took away basically everything that they thought I could possibly kill myself with, and hardly ever let me out of their sight. The only time I was alone was at night. 

The third time, I had read online about people dying from water intoxication. So I tried it. I drank about 4L of water in one go and then passed out. I was in a coma for a day or two, but then I was okay.

My parents decided to give me a break and send me to live with my brother in Oslo for a while (I live in Helsinki). It was very crowded student accommodation. On the first night I was there, I was raped by a group of guys. We reported it to the police but decided not to pursue the case any further; I just wanted to go back home and forget about it.

I couldn't forget about it, and had recurrent nightmares about it for weeks, to the point where the only time I could sleep was when I had an episode of narcolepsy. 

This drove me to my fourth attempt. I meant to wait until my parents were asleep to sneak out of my window and go get hit by a car, but it was night and there weren't many cars around so I decided to just sit on the street. It was a cold night, so I hoped I would just die from hypothermia. Someone found me unconscious and called an ambulance.

A few months later, I started getting horrible pain in my stomach and chest. I was diagnosed with leukemia. At this point I really just think the universe is playing a joke on me.

The fifth time, I was feeling terrible from radiation sickness from the therapy, and just didn't want to deal with it anymore, so I decided to drink oven-cleaning liquid (which contains cyanide). Turns out it wasn't enough to kill me, just enough to burn the lining of my stomach a bit (which hurts a lot, would not recommend). 

The sixth time, just a few days ago, I decided to try sleeping pills again. I crushed them up and dissolved them in water first this time, so that they couldn't be stopped by charcoal. Turns out google lied to me and the lethal dose was actually a lot more than what I drank, and the water also diluted it.

So that's it. That's my series of unfortunate events. I've probably forgotten some things because my mind is foggy but this is a basic account of things.

I know everyone says "I want to die" when really they just want the pain to stop, but sometimes dying is the lesser of two evils, and in my case especially, I just think it's a waste of time and effort to try to keep me living when I don't want to. It is very possible that I am going to die of leukemia anyway, so why not just spare myself the suffering and get it over with? Of course I would love for things to get better, and I would love to be happy, but I don't see any way that can happen.

Sure, I could recover from leukemia, but I would still be a burden with my other disabilities, which I can't recover from. Suicide is something I always come back to, there's no avoiding it.

I know its unlikely I'll find something, but if you've made it this far, please give me a way to make things better, I want to get better, and I want things to change, so please help me.