A little help pleaseI am contemplating killing myself.

I normally try to take a nap when I have these thoughts and they usually go away and I wake with a clean slate but it isn't happening anymore.... I still want to kill myself when I wake up

The other thing I do cry really hard until my head aches then I usually become normal again but my parents don't let me close the door of my room now and I can't cry in front of others because that would mean that I am showing weakness in front of my parents.

My parents will make jokes about my insecurities and of the fact that I cried and say stuff like I am immature and justify ' disciplining ' me with that when I tell them that my parents physically abuse me.

Today you see my parents had a huge fight. They said it was my fault (because I asked my mother to make some extra hot water because it is very chilly today). My mother was saying that she would had divorced a long time ago if I was not born....

I had to give up my dream of becoming a scientist at a very young age because they said that financing my younger brother's education is more important than it. I particularly don't think it's a problem, It is their money and therefore their decision to make. It just that I cannot bear to open my science and maths textbooks after I learnt that. That is why my grades are dropping (I am a highschooler) and my teachers are very disappointed in me (I used to be the highest scorer in our class).

I am a really quiet person. I don't say much when my parents beat me or curse at me. It's just that I wondering my existence is a problem to everyone.... My brother will probably not get that much money because my parents had to raise me. My parents always fight because I am a girl and blame each other for my gender.

I really don't think I make some significant change in the world... I am just an average person. Since I was little being a researcher is all I had dreamt for... So now that I cannot become one I really don't have anything else to do with my life.

If my own existence is bringing pain to even me..... Should I be allowed to live..... What should I live for?