I'm really sorryAfter I apostatized at 17, I became estranged from my family. I'm now 22. Today was my first week at the 4-year university I transferred to.

The first night that my family put me out, I remember what it was like sleeping behind a Holiday Inn totally devoid of of hope for any sort of future. The memory and all of the associated feelings have been burned into my mind, and I think about it more often that I care to admit.

When I enrolled in a community college at 20, I really started getting my life together. I got accepted into the best school in the state. I've been working for the last 5 years saving every penny for tuition.

And then I got here only to discover that I'm not smart enough. This all seems very petty and small to me now. I've wanted to pull the trigger nearly every day for the last couple of years, but the hope that I had for the future kept me going.

One more day, I would tell myself. The future will unfold, and you will find friends, and you will have a family, and you will be respected by your colleagues and peers. I don't know what has changed, but the gilded walls have come crashing down and I don't want to continue. I don't think that I could face myself as a failure, and as craven as it is, I would rather go having accomplished something small.

I think that I am becoming incoherent, so perhaps it is just time to stop. I am desperately afraid, but it is impossible to be courageous without fear to accompany it. I hope that there is no hell, for that is surely where I deserve to go even if God is just. 

I remember being told by my imam as a child what happens to the unbeliever. I am afraid, and I am not ashamed to admit it. I hope to cease to be, but in the event that I am roused by Gabriel, I shall not repent. I do not have remorse for having left, and I spit upon the prophet and his cursed name. I will not apologize, and I would rather be driven into the hellfire bound by chain spitting upon the authority than to capitulate and be admitted into paradise. 

In the event that my family learns of my fate, I wish to say something to them:

I have never hated you, and I do not think that I ever could. 

To my father, I wish that I could have been the son that you always wanted me to be. You were never overly cruel to me despite the snide remarks of your belligerent friends, and I did not forget.

To my mother, I am sorry for the pain that I have caused you. I have never forgotten the anguish on your face when you discovered my lack of faith. I remember the stories about the beauty of Medina that you gave to me as a child. To this day, because of you, I can find beauty in poetry and language. I wish that things had ended between us differently, and you alone hold will hold a place in my heart until my final moment.

To my sister, I curse you to the very core of your being. It was not your place to out me, and for that I hope you live a short, cruel, and painful life. I hope that happiness evades your every step, and you die alone and miserable. I hope every dream you have is quashed, that your husband beats you, and that your children despise you. You are a wretch, and a blight upon the world. 

Goodbye, and I'm sorry to many who I have wronged.