Planning this week to kill myself, by hangingIts so sad. I dont want to do it. But the overwhelming depression and fear of having to spend the next 40 years of my life on this earth is so scary. We all die anyway. People die young. I am 30 years old. I have a house, i make six figures. But business is not great and my social life is shit. And I dont care to make my social life better. All I do is push people away anyway. I've had three great girls in my life all of who I could of married and started a family with. I thought I was hot shit, or a playboy, or just in reality wanted to be alone. I feel so bad to let my parents down, and my friends. People close to me are going to be so disturbed and upset by this. But I am justifying it. People can deal with grief. Soon they will all be dead too.

I am not religious. I do not believe in an afterlife or god. I think the most likely scenario is blank nothingness. I have never been a violent person. I never understood these people who shoot up a place then kill themselves. I would never have any desire to do that. I would never hurt anyone or anything. Especially an animal. Dont get me wrong. I dont like most people. But would never think of hurting someone that didnt deserve it. Even if they did deserve it I wouldnt have the balls. I'm ranting now...

It's a shame because when I was in my teens and early 20's I had such high aspirations. I wanted to be somebody. I wanted to make alot of money and do good things. Now i'm just stuck at average and severely depressed and alone. I fucked up my last relationship due to my depression. I pushed her away. Now thats over and I will probably be alone forever.

I'm sorry most of all to my parents. This will crush you. I hope you stay strong. You're the best people I know and I couldnt have asked for better parents. I love you.

I plan to hang myself probably this week. I have done dry runs and I really think I can do it. I have my suicide notes written out. I plan to get a hotel room. I know it sucks for the hotel staff but I cant have my parents find me hanging. I plan to leave the hotel staff money. Its the least I can do.