I’ve been hurt for the last time, there are no good peopleI’m convinced now that there aren’t good people. Everyone wants to hurt me. All people do is lie to me and hurt me. My family are the only ones who care about me. Everyone else is my enemy. People hate me and forget I have feelings. I can’t trust anyone. Ive never had a single friend or a relationship ever. I also have high functioning autism, so I have no social skills or conversational skills. 

So I’m a 22 year old male. I know by saying that this post is gonna be ignored but whatever, I need to vent. For the past few days I’ve been seeing this girl. I posted in a support group on Facebook that I’m so unphotogenic, and how I hate seeing posts on the groups telling people to post selfies, because it makes me jealous and sad. A bunch of people of course reassured me that I’m not ugly. 

But then some girl from the group messaged me. She told me I am attractive and wanted to date me. I live in US she lives in Australia. I said yes. I know it was only a few days or so but I felt like it took off. We video chatted and voice chatted so much. We got very close. We were already making plans to see each other. Other things happened to that I feel like I shouldn’t say. But she told me she loves me. She told me she wouldn’t ever lie to me, hurt me, or abandon me. I thought maybe I finally found someone. That all those thoughts about how I’m gonna die alone and how I’m hated were over exaggerated.  

I got hope, I was actually legitimately happy for the first time in a while. But then out of nowhere, she blocked me. Like just blocked me, like it was nothing. It was when I set my status to in relationship too. Let’s also add the fact that when this happened I was at the ER, waiting to see if I had COVID 19 or not. I went to get tested because I thought I finally had something to live for. It turns out I was wrong. In case you’re wondering I tested negative.

Yet again my point is proven right. I hate it. This is something I don’t want to be proven right about. Yet it always happens. Another person who lied to me and hurt me. I thought someone actually cared about me. But I guess not. People forget I have feelings. Nobody wants me. I actually am gonna die alone. The fact that I definitely can’t trust anyone, which is proven by the fact that the one time I did in a while, it hurt me. The kind of stuff people try to tell me isn’t true.

All people do is lie to me. All advice people have given me has turned out to be all bs and fake. All of it. Tell me something, I’m sure I’ve heard it. I don’t even know what to do anymore. I don’t know what’s real and what’s not, who’s on my side and who’s my enemy. I can’t trust anyone. All people do is hurt me. This isn’t a life I want. I don’t want to have to be confused. I don’t want to be alone forever. If I’m gonna die alone I’d rather get it over with now.

And before anyone tries to say I’m so young. Most people my age have already had someone. I think I deserve to be loved too. I’ve never done anything bad.

Of course as I’m posting this, there’s a bunch of people my age having a party in the apartment next to mine, while I’m here alone. I hate them all.

There’s no point anymore. There’s nothing left for me. Why should I stay here. Right now the only thing standing in the way of me and suicide is the fact that I love my family. My mom died a year and a half ago and we still haven’t gotten over it. It would be too soon if the lost me as well. But idk anymore. Maybe something else will kill me. I don’t know. But there’s nothing left in this world for me. I live alone and can’t find a job so I have no money either but to me being lonely outweighs it.

I can’t take the pain anymore. It’s not much longer until my heart turns black anyway. It would definitely be better for everyone if I were to kill my self now.