I just need someone to hear me out and believe me...I suffer from depression and anxiety. My anxiety has a way of taking over, ensuring it’s front and center in my life. My anxiety at it’s worse tends to overrule my brain’s attempts to logically handle a suitation. This results in confusion and believing inaccuracies. Anxiety attacks are hands down the single most scariest thing I have ever gone through, and I relive it every week. Sometimes many times a day. My world is ending, figuratively speaking. My body’s fight, flight, or freeze reflex keeps me on my toes 24/7. They say you should leave the problems at home and not take them with you to work, but it’s difficult when your problems follow you indiscrimately. Working becomes complicated because you start having anxiety so powerful you seriously think about quitting right then and there, ignoring the consenquences. You do that because it hurts so badly that you want to run away. Run away from the pain to find out there’s just more pain after. Depression sinks in slowly because you are physically, emotionally, and mentally exhusted from dealing with your illness. Life is a daily battle. 

I’ve been taking different anti depressants and none have worked. Prozac was really bad for me and I ended up losing 10 pounds in a week since I was so sick I couldn’t keep things down. I take buspirone for anxiety, a big dose. But it really doesn’t stop it. But does make it easier to tell when something is real or a product of anxiety.  Therapy has helped me learn how to identify my triggers and attempt to discredit those thoughts, but the anxiety still pushes through and I get anxious about what if those thoughts are true and logic is fake.

I tried to attempt sucide and ended in a mental ward on a involuntary watch. It was aweful. I was not respected nor given really any help. It was tramatizing. They also revealed embarassing medical infomatiom about me to other paients.  What I got out of that was “don’t fail if you try again because you don’t want to go back there”

I have a job where I make a decent amount of money, but it’s a fight to just get out the door every morning.

I’m just exhusted of feeling paniced. I’m tired of hurting. I always have the thoughts of “if I was dead at least there’d be nothing left to suffer through”  and I think about different ways to kill myself pretty easy as if it’s normal. “I could totally drive my car off this bridge now, but nahh......but hmm..”

I get really depressed because this condition affects my life so much. It didn’t affect me my whole life, and I can remember being sorta anxiety free. It used to come every so often, but two years ago it came, never left, and got 30x worse.

I really need people to just listen to me. I am afraid and I am scared. I’m in the middle of a panic attack and I can only sit here in front of my phone crying. The sucidal thoughts are there and I don’t want to do it.  But I know that my anxiety can be disassoiative and it’s kinda scary not knowing the extent of how bad an attack will get. I need people to talk to right now. Please?

Nobody I know really tries to understand what I’m going through and it causes me to be alone because they don’t want to deal with me. :(