I just want it all to be overI just wish I could die and all the pain would finally end.

As long as I can remember I've always been treated like less than a person, in elementary school I hated waking up in the morning because I knew sooner or later someone and their friends would decide to harass me. As an example I remember once I was playing at recess and a group of four kids started throwing rocks and acorns at me, even dirt which would get into my mouth because they would throw it into my face. Then i tried to run away and they followed me wherever I went, so I tried hiding up on a slide "jungle gym" of sorts and they just continued harassing me and even wouldn't let me down. 

But as soon as I tried to defend myself they ran to a teacher, and would you like to know what I heard from her?

"Why should I believe your story over these 4 boys?"

So basically on a weekly basis my parents would be getting calls for the school about how I "started a fight with other students" then I would be sent to the principles office to be physically assaluted for trying to defend myself

 (if I beat someone with a stick for trying to stop a rape I would go to prison, but apparently it's ok for adults to beat kids who are only trying to defend themselves from being stalked outside during recess and have dirt thrown in their mouth as a sick joke)

That went on from kindergarten until 5th grade, after that it was usually harassment about my weight, my red hair and glasses, or how because I and a friend always hung out together we must be gay.

When I would go home from all of this every day I would be told I was a liar if I tried to tell the truth, and I'm firmly convinced my dad just didn't give a crap about what was going on, because all he would ever do is scream at me and hit me. He didn't once listen when I would ask for help.

You know, and the funny thing is I thought after I finally got out of school I might be able to be myself and the harassment would end.

Nope, I've been out of HS for 3 years now, I've had about 13 jobs because no matter where I go there is a member of management who enjoys making every moment there a living hell for everyone, so after a few months of putting up with them constantly complaining about everything I finally snap and quit. 

My first job I had for 2 years, and it was a daily thing to be asked "why don't you care about your job" when you are only trying to do your best, the manager would never offer any help, or try to tell you an easier way to do something, nothing but negativity, sometimes he would make up things that he "told you to do already" and then tell you you were a bad employee for not doing them! IF IVE BEEN HERE FOR A YEAR AND NEVER BEEN TOLD TO DO THIS WHY AM I SUDDENLY GOING TO START DOING IT UNLESS YOU TELL ME!!!!!!!

I had another manager cuss at me because I had to change my schedule (starting 2 weeks from the day I notified him) etc. Aside from that it's like everywhere I go people want to insult and belittle me at every turn, I JUST WANT TO GO TO WORK TO MAKE MONEY, THIS ISNT SUPPOSED TO BE A HIGH SCHOOL!!!!!!! 

The only job I ever had that I like was at UT Arlington library. Because I was actually able to go to work and do my job without interference from people who just want to bitch about literally anything they can think of constantly, and it was SO quiet there. 


Im sick and tired of this, I just wish I could kill myself.  I just want to be treated like a person instead of a piece of garbage....


I just go home every day from the harassment alone and I lay in my bed all night wishing someone was there to hold my hand. The only relationship I've ever had was 2 years filled with emotional abuse in high school. i was made to feel like I wasn't good enough and She used to torment me by refusing to even acknowledge me sometimes, then I would do everything to get back on her good side so that she would treat me with love again the next day, but then it would repeat and repeat and repeat. FOR THE ENTIRE TWO YEARS. I finally cut it off once she started referring to me as her brother to fuck with me emotionally. We couldn't even  have a conversation without her going off the deep end about SOMETHING and then trying to make me feel like shit about it. She would even cry if I didn't want to talk about a certain topic about myself that made me uncomfortable because she believed everything was her buissness.


But I miss having someone hold my hand so badly, I miss being touched and kissed, I miss it so much, no matter what I do nobody ever wants me. I just want someone to care, I just want a hug 😢


My last job was as a Dominos pizza delivery driver, and I loved it, the first one I've liked since the library job, and I made 6000 in 3 months of working there so the money was great (I usually made 700 every month if I was lucky at most of my jobs, minimum wage jobs rarely guarantee full time hours, and getting a second job is impossible when the first one expects you to be available at any time and never gives you a set schedule) 

But then a customer followed me 5 miles back to the store and started verbally harassing me at the store because I (and btw I wasn't riding the tail of his car) apparently was riding his ass while driving. 

What actually happened was the guy was sitting at a green light like a dumbness and then when he finally moved he was going a full 25MPH in a 45MPH zone. Rather than get stuck behind another red light i followed closely because he's hardly moving, and so after we leave the intersection I'm of course going to go around so it's not a dangerous situation. Well, before we even get out of the intersection he slams on his breaks, almost making me hit him (it wasnt that hard to avoid actually, there was about 5 feet between our cars and we were going MAYBE 25 ) and before he does anything else i just drive to the right and go around.

While I'm looking in my mirror and going the speed limit I see the recede behind me but then after a few seconds the guy start to gain on me (so obviously speeding) I didn't really think anything of it until I made a turn off the road and he FOLLOWED ME. So I made a few more. And low and behold, I'm being followed.


So I got back to the store and the guy started harassing me in front of management, I stopped the interaction and told the manager I wasn't going to deal with this since my shift had actually been scheduled to end a half hour ago, and if they didn't cash me out I was quitting right there.

So there goes another job.


Im just about read to call in the cards on this life.