Stuck in ReverseNot sure if this post is even allowed, its more of a rant than anything...I think? We'll see.

So, a little info on myself. I just graduated high school, didnt really apply myself, didnt get much playing time on my sport team, blah blah blah. basically, I did not do anything impressive in those 4 years. i have no accomplishments unlike so many people around me. Since my freshman year, I've always felt that while my friends were doing great things, I was stuck in reverse. Normally, you grow as a person, grow more attractive, etc. in these years. I went from being high achieving when I was younger to not achieving anything, and also I've just grown more unattractive with age. This feeling was at its peak when I tried to kill myself via overdose my sophomore year. My family did not do anything recommended by the hospital I was put in after I was released (continued therapy, counseling, and giving space). I kind of feel like due to this, I never got to truly recover. Anyways...The feeling is more strong than ever as I face the reality that while everyone I know, including my long distance boyfriend/best friend, are moving out and going off to college, and I'll possibly have to be stuck in this dead end town with my family for at least another year or two. 

That doesn't sound terrible, right? Well, if you have my family, it is. my dad is mentally abusive, borderline physically abusive. he curses and yells pretty regularly, and calls my sister and i derogatory terms often. when hes even more angry, he will raise his fist or his hand at us. he has not hit me or my sister though. My dad is also pretty much an alcoholic. he drinks and drives, but because hes so large he can hide it pretty well. he doesnt really drink himself to the point of being drunk, but he is extremely mean on the rare occasion that he does. he and my sister are also slobs. they leave their messes everywhere and never bother to pick up after themselves. because I am stressed out in a cluttered and dirty environment, I clean up after them regularly. even after telling them repeatedly, countless times to simply clean up a small mess theyve made, or possibly to assist me with cleaning a room, they continue to be disgusting. back in school, I would very often get home late from work (around 10 or 10:30) and have to clean the house because of how stressed it made me before I could even think about eating or schoolwork/studying that needed to be done. There's no where in my house that's quiet enough to study, either, other than my room on my bed. That's not a huge issue, but in college I would like to have a proper desk or even a clean table somewhere that i can focus on what I'm doing. my family likes to have the tvs on all of the time, and its always loud. my dad even keeps his on when hes asleep. ive suggested to use a sleep timer, but he refuses for no reason other than that hes stubborn. Im also mostly responsible for my 14 year old sister, making sure shes up for whatever she has to do that day, driving her to and from practices, etc. Thats fine, but when Im studying in college I dont want to be a babysitter, a maid, working, and trying to keep my grades up. So when my dad called me stupid for saying that I didnt think it would be wise to study at home, I told him the reasons I just listed (constantly, loud, dirty, etc. left out the abusive and ignorant part too), he decided instead of having a conversation, he promptly told me to 'fuck off'. he believes that my desire to go to a 4 year college around two hours away is stupid, and that I can go to a community college and live at home like 'everyone else'. (i only know two people taking this route, and they have a completely different family relationship than i do, kudos to them.) 

also, my boyfriend and I have been dating for 8 months now, the whole time being 3 hours apart. we see each other often, and are committed. for the last 2 months or so, we have been really excited imagining what its like to be less than half an hour away! (our colleges are close). My father has to cosign on a private loan I need to cover the 7,000 i need in extra money to go to this school that I've been attached to (went to orientation, made my schedule, etc). however, his cynical attitude and cheap ways are making him seriously consider not doing so. if he doesnt, I cant go. my only other options are: take the year off college and work, preferably living elsewhere if possible, until i can pay for it myself OR go to community college while living with my mom, who is a drug addict. 

either way, knowing that I'll once again be in reverse due to not being able to go to college like all of my friends are and also due to having to continue long distance with my boyfriend...its making me once again suicidal. I want to seek therapy, but it would have to be a secret because obviously my father doesnt support me getting help for my problem, even after literally trying to kill myself. 

I hate that Im at the mercy of him. i hate that i cant go to a college here and save money because of this toxic household. he is also a racist and ignorant, and we get in fights because of that continuously. all of this is driving me crazy. Im beginning to feel like if on August 18th (move in day), that im not at college, i will attempt again. it just seems like the precedent for my life is almost having happiness, then just having it pulled away from me. like, oh, you can have a boyfriend! but he will have to live 3 hours away from you. oh, you can go to college! if your dad cosigns on a loan...there's always a catch and im sick of it.

im sorry that this might have just been one long pointless rant, but because ive been in a super stressed out mode because of it for nearly a month,  i needed to get my feelings out. everyone else is packing for college, shopping, talking to their roommates...ugh. 

nothing can come to me easily it seems.

willing to take any advice you can give me, thanks in advance. also, sorry for the grammar and lack of capitalization, just wanted to get everything out. 
