can't you tell me whats happening?I don't know where this story starts, only how it might end. It seems as though its been going on for as long as I can recall. Perhaps even longer than that. My memory has dulled with age. Years of drugs and drinking surely have also had their effect on my perceptions of time. Meh, no need dwelling on that now. There simply isn't enough time for an acid washed flashback to my youth, besides its duller than it probably sounds.  The issue is here and now in any case; so lets stay here. 

Day by day my head hangs lower, weighted by a heavy, suppressing static. Some one left the TV on in my brain' occasional sounds and voices make it through. their chitter chatter makes focusing on reality before me all that harder. They dont address me, nor do they narrate. They simply are. I can drown them out if i focus hard enough, but that takes its toll too. 

My limbs are weak with fatigue. Its been days since i left this bed. I lay yet I do not sleep. I lay awake at night scanning the darkness, hour upon hour. If i'm lucky a few hours of sleep will come to me, if not I can sleep tomorrow; maybe. I will often facilitate sleep with my pharmacological pals close in step. A trazadone or three with a dash of xanax, wash it all down with a nice glass of whiskey. Damn, I'm fucked up again. This is real to me, this is the only time i can fly. 

Waking I find the world of shit i call mine. No job, no prospects for one either. I am trying, day after day I apply. Nothing yet has come from it. I have been denied every level of jobs from a gas station to network admin. Am I a leper? What is this great evil they sense in me? can they smell my fear, my emptiness? I dunno.. 

What I do know is I am a burden. I am going to lose my house and have no place to go, I have nothing before me. I have asked my mother for money time to time and she gives it. how ever it pains me to ask, I'm 28 and she has very little to give. I'm an adult but I burden my mother still.. hunger grows in my belly, nothing to eat. I have pills but no food, they will do. Another hungry drugged slumber, this is real. 

Every day my grasp of reality slips, my mind wonders to great dreams and fantasies. In my mind i can do it, i can gain my life back. I can be rich again. Yes, I can even win the girl! oh the thoughts of this lonely isolation I am in being shattered by a great love.. warmth as we tenderly hold each other close. Open my eyes only to this dark trash filled room again. I need to leave this bed. 

My life has been a blessed and cursed affair but its always been a passionate one. I have lived according to my passions and imparted it into all things in life. These days thought, i have no passions. My mind is broken and my soul is dying. All I can push my self towards in death.  every moment I can break the static in my mind it rushes fast and furiously to my end. Oh if only i could just end it all. If only I could pull the courage together to go have a seat in the shower and slice my veins open. the warm ruch that comes to me with each thought. like a warm well warn pair of sweat pants. Its cozy. 

why do i feel like this? why am I so alone when there are so many people who love me? why can't i leave my bed? I have never been shy, or one to hide from the world. lately though I dont know who I am any more. To my best understanding who I am is nobody, I have died a long time ago and I'm just waiting on my body to catch up...    