Empathy will be the death of meI've always been told my best quality is that I'm a great listener who never judges and is empathetic. So everyone comes to me with their problems. And I've always been proud of it. But no realizes the toll it takes on me. 

Heck I didn't realize until a year ago. But I'm overly empathetic. When someone tells me their problems, they stick with me. It's like misery of people around me has just piled on top of my own misery. Alot of times their traumas become my traumas, and they leave a scar. And I finally hit the tipping point. 

Last year my GF told me something stupid about an ex. Something must guys woulda have gotten pissed about and told her that she can't tell them things like that,and move on. But to me it seemed traumatic to her. So it became ingrained in my mind as traumatic, I kept visualizing it, having nightmares, obsessing all day. It ruined the one relationship I felt could make it happy. 

And here I am, 365 days later to the day since she shared that with, having long since broken up, and it haunts me. Every. Single. Day. Usually every minute of everyday. I'm probably more traumatized than she ever was. And it's killing me. Literally. I just can't handle it. 

And, what I find so disheartening, is that no one reciprocates. They check on me, listen to me, but you can tell they don't understand and worse they don't really care to understand. They see how I'm struggling, but at the end of their day they don't think about me. That's fine, that's how it should be. I wish I could divorce myself from others trauma like that. 

But I'm so tired of having other people heap their problems on me, while I have problems of my own. 28 years of living through other's hell has been enough. Empathy is great, but mine is a toxic kind. It's obsessive and disturbed. I'm just so sick of thinking about my ex so much, thinking about everyone else's problems. 

I've got things I've got to take care of, but I do t see things getting better. It's just a matter of time.