fuck it.I can't take it. This virus panic has driven me crazier than I've ever felt before in my entire life. Slight back story, ever since my first memories I've been depressed and suffered from extremely severe anxiety and panic attacks. I also have Aspbergers on top of all of this so I can't understand simple human emotions, facial expressions, or even tone of voice. Because of this, I've ruined friendships and relationships. Most recently I ruined my previous relationship because of how much I hate myself, my S/O at the time knew this because it was the only thing I'd talk about. why? I couldn't fucking tell you. I'd even asked them one day how they could love me, just because I hated myself that much and also didn't understand love. I understand requiring and needs. I need my cat to calm my anxiety, I need weed to calm my thoughts and spend a minute alone. I've abused pills just so I could feel safe after an antidepressant fucked with my brain and had me laying on my kitchen floor trying to stab myself in the heart so now I'm terrified of most pills, at times I can't even take Advil during a migrane, and I know how selfish this sounds but all of these lockdowns and chaos has fucked with my perception of a normal day. I work in fast food and went from running around taking care of people and cooking food to sitting around doing absolutely nothing and just sitting in the store, everything is spotlessly clean and we'll get an order every 2 hours if lucky. At this point, I'm terrified if I get the virus, not because I'm afraid to die because I'd never be able to show my face anywhere without being horrified people think I'm still sick and contagious. I've beaten pneumonia 6 times so the pneumonia tied to Corona doesn't scare me. I know I need help, I know I should go to a hospital. but why? so they can shove more pills down my throat that might leave me hanging from the showerhead with my fucking sheets? last time I went to a hospital they fed me Klonapin like it was fucking candy so I got hooked hard. I still love my last S/O, and they seemed to care at first, now they treat me like garbage even after telling me they'd be there for me, they said if I could learn to love myself they'd take me back. I know hearing someone you love talk horribly about themselves 24/7 must be hard, but I just wish I could learn to fucking love myself, maybe if I did my life in general would improve. but I seriously don't know how I'm just not wired that way.

no one needs to read this, I just needed a safe place to rant.