Just failed a class for the 2nd time. More convinced than ever I'll really kill myself soon enough.5th year college student. 
No internship/work experience nor extracurriculars, so GPA is pretty important on my end. And at the moment, in comparison with my peers (who have already started establishing their professional careers), my gpa sucks.

I was trying to double-major in my school to compensate for the fact that I'm staying an extra year. The class in question was one I had failed last Fall. It was for a major I was initially really interested; upon failing that class last fall, I took up another major to switch into (which I like, it has good job prospects too), but I felt lame for taking 5 years for just 1 major. This fall, I took up on the first major again because I saw another professor was teaching it, someone I'm familiar with and had done well in in another class of his in the past; I thought this was a sign, a second chance to "redeem myself", however as the semester progressed I realized how much I was struggling and just ultimately decided to drop the major for good WHILE hoping to pass the class with a C. And well, that didn't happen. Bombed the final. Failed the class again, gpa's going to tank, and my transcript is going to look even more awful. Got 2 more finals these next 2 days and cannot focus on anything at all.

Basically I'm a fucking idiot. It really is my fault for my poor time management &amp; its so shameful how time management is still something I haven't grasped at this stage in life. A lot of times when I realize how much of a fuckup I am, I'm just think "if there's a higher being out there, surely they wouldn't let me be like this and have to live with the consequences for it! they must have some plan for me!", and by plan, I really just mean me meeting my death in some way. Anyway, I'm coming to terms with how dumb and how much of a problem this mindset is ... that hope that a higher being would save me and allow me die and no longer have to personally deal with the consequences of my poor decisions. It's been the root cause of me never attempting suicide before, I just figured fate has it that I'll die soon enough, but that postponement is just a waste of time/money/resources. It really is time to be active, rather than passive, and take matters into my own hands. I can't live with these dumb mistakes, the future is really bleak. &amp; btw, I'm not really doing this solely because of failing academics/career; I'm dealing with depression and loneliness as well which I had expressed in a post a couple days ago, for some further context.

Anyway, I might get triggered for one reason or another during the holidays this weekend and do it then. I am set to take a winter course, however I can withdraw tomorrow (the last day) and get a full refund for it - so my parents' money won't be wasted in that regard haha