On my way to the storeAfter a while being fine and finally moving away I fell back into the suicidal thoughts that were haunting me in the past. 

Suicide feels like an escape from everything terrible, I'm trying to start my things, valuing knowledge, self discovery and getting some money toghether by working at a store for 3 months in February. I will try to do some internet stuff to get some money as well, I want to work smarter to move away once again with everything that is mine. 

The person that lives with me thinks I'm lazy because what I study is cinema, she says soon I'm gonna have to get a real job and see what life is *REALLY* about. (Just because her dream job was something conventional like being a teacher)

I discovered that the last friend I had was using me to have sex with the girl he set up with me, someone I didn't even like but that got emotionally Involved with by the end since I am asexual and don't talk to many people. 
(And also because I didn't think I would get another chance to go out with someone.)

I have no friends and everybody around me seems so distant, they just don't really get it at all. 

I'm going to the store to buy a rope and hang myself somewhere they will never find my body today. I try being a good person and I am a very sensitive guy. I am very alone and a bit humiliated by the fact that everybody biologically related to me  thinks I'm a delusional teen. I feel like I see life clearly and it is so much more than what they all think, so much beauty to explore beyond the the cultural castration that is being part of an environment your hole life. 

I grew to hate myself and have a self esteem problem because of all this. I just want to die and leave everything. I cry everytime I think about the movies I could've made but I guess that's just to distant, hopefully in death my passion will flourish through me. 

I know I'm not a bad person, I actually have tried to be a great person my hole life and do everything right but I only became more alone, used and humiliated. I really wanted to get emotionally involved with someone, hug them,  spend time laughing and finally connecting and being able to trust somebody in my life. 

If I told anybody this they would definetely call me ungrateful.

I could've done this guys, I know I could've but I just can't stop crying and it hurts so much to be alive. I wish I had someone to hug but I really don't, it gets so lonely and painful here.