Just exhausted of fighting to me aliveHi all. I'm in this place of not wanting to live but, not wanting to die. I have a beautiful daughter to live for, she is the only reason I'm still fighting.

Ive had a kit of trauma and abuse in my life, resulting in little to know self-respect and, undiagnosed mental health issues.

I'm constantly fighting with doctors to listen, as I gain more and more weight due to my eating issues (12 stone overweight now), extreme emotions that I keep inside and take out on myself and, so much more. I've been told by so many doctors to just get on with it. Very limited mental health services in my area, most have rejected me.

I have little to no family. My mother has psychosis and in general isn't great, I am essentially the parent to her. My partner is zero help, all the pressure is on me and I'm sinking. I think that's the biggest issue. We barely talk, we live in a small flat and he stays in the living room all day (causing so much mess rubbish everywhere, plates everywhere) and loses his crap when my daughter goes in there as she's apparently ”horrible”. So we stay in the bedroom. I get zero help with parenting, cleaning, cooking, organising finances etc and, he's recently taking 3 months off work, essentially causing HUGE financial issues. The stress is unbelievable. 

I'm trying to keep myself sane and, be the best mother to my child. With no family support or friends, I have no break at all. I love being a parent but, when do I get time for myself? I know I need that to mentally get better.

Basically the point of all this is to our get it out. I can't talk about this to anyone so, it just stays inside. I also feel like a horrible partner by saying this. I've spoken to him hundreds of times by the way, it just results in crying, then anger at me and then, back to screaming down the house on games with his friends ignoring me.

Leaving just isn't an option as, I know if lose all custody of my daughter as, I was in care as a child and sadly, social services here have always put me as a ”potential risk” for zero reason. I know him and his family would go to town on me and, get the best lawyers etc. Where I have no one. So, I can't take that risk for my daughters sake.

Anyway, thank you to anyone who reads this, I'm just trying to get emotions out and wanting to be heard. I spend my life silent and just trying to get by so, this means a lot.