Just want to disappearIn the past, i promised myself i won't live past 25 yrs (I have a huge fear of the future; what happens after college, will i graduate, jobs, work, being an adult, etc)

I've always been extremely suicidal and always had nihilistic views.
I embrace death and await death.
I am pretty much just living for my parents.

Yesterday i realised, rather than wanting to kill myself, i just want to completely disappear and just not to have existed at the start.
(Whenever people ask me what i'd like to wish for, i always think to myself: I wish that i would be forgotten by everyone that has gotten in contact/interacted with me so i can just happily kill myself without the disgusting feelings of guilt)
I hate dealing with everything. I can't kill myself because if i do, then i'll mess up my family's life.
So pathetic...
It makes me sick to know that when i kill myself, their lives will be a mess 
What will happen to my parent's business? What will happen to my siblings with college? What will happen to my dogs? 
And the small town that i live in... I don't want my family to have to deal with drama and stuff like that after i kill myself.

I hate having feelings and emotions and thoughts. I hate dealing with human stuff.
I always think to myself, why did i have to have been born into a human vessel, why not an ant or bird or something with less cognitive capabilities??

Ugh idk where i'm getting at. This is only my second post on reddit lol.
Also sorry about my english, it's not my first language so yeah...
I guess i wanted some community where i could openly talk about these kinda things and find people who have similar thoughts.

I've been under a lot of stress the past 3 weeks. Been feeling like some kind of "machine" where i just work and help and do stuff for my parents. Just obeying their orders and doing what they tell me to.
Sometimes i think maybe i deserve more? But then my weakness comes in and i think to myself that maybe i feel more "alive" or that i serve a purpose by helping/working for them.
And why do they not ask my other siblings to work? Is it because they don't want to make them angry or annoyed? Because they know that asking me is easy since i always say yes and i never dare to say no?

Ugh whatever. Can't deal with this shit.
But no worries. I have no plans as of yet to kill myself. 
I have to think of a way to get rid of myself but also not mess up my family's lives...