It's all I can think aboutI can't stop thinking about wanting to end it all. My drive to work is about an hour. For the entire hour, every morning, I'm thinking about buying gasoline, dumping it over myself and lighting myself on fire. At work I'm okay because I'm too busy, but as soon as I get inside my car to drive home I'm thinking about lighting myself on fire again.  
  
When I go to sleep all I can think of is what building would be tall enough to jump out of and die. Which building is easiest to access and get it done. That's how I fall asleep.  
  
The only thing holding me back is I have a friend who has a birthday in November. Once that's over with I want to pay all my bills. Have all my credit cards at $0 and end it. I have a plan and it's timeline is December.  
  
I don't know what to do to stop. I keep thinking about getting help, but my anxiety constantly shuts me down. I can't pick up the phone. Drive anywhere. It makes it impossible to get help. In most situations I'm a mute.  
  
It never used to be like this. I was always sad and always had moments where I would cry myself to sleep, but never really thought of ending it all. I would just cry, get over it and move on until the next episode. Now I don't know what to do. I could usually move past things, but these thoughts of ending it all have been going on for a while now and I can't get them to stop. I don't know what to do.  
  
It's basically always there. When ever there is silence or nothing happening it's there. It makes sure I don't forget. I don't to do it, but I want to do it. It's like I don't belong in this world. I have no place. Not too long ago I was jokingly called a robot at work. I can't think of a more apt description of myself. I live life on repeat. I wake up, go to work, come home, turn on the TV, sleep. Rinse and repeat. I don't show emotion. I lack the ability to hold conversations with people. I'm a robot.  
  
Well, I guess it's time to go to bed. More quiet alone time to think about my plan.