Any more reasons to live??? Anyone?TL;DR I am a 13 year old male, and am getting pretty tired of the continuous cycle that is school, to he point where I can't find a reason to live. I need a reason to do so.

I have always hated school because as soon as you enter school, you are being ordered around, have no free choice, are being constantly watched, and overall it is very inefficient in doing what it is meant to do: educate people.
(I'm not bullied)

In year 7 I was enrolled in a private school, and hated it. I quickly got depressed, as I was forced to stay after school doing shit (eg. soccer) that I didn't to do. So after 3 whole terms there, I moved to a public school. Which was fine after a while, but now I am depressed again, and have realized that the conventional school system isn't for me. Mainly because when I go to school, I feel like I could be taught things much faster if it was more individually focused. I sit through whole 1 hour lessons, bored out of my mind, listening to my class misbehave and draw out lessons to the point where you learn nothing at all. I have lots of time to think about things because of this.

I decided that the best course of action would be to be homeschooled. It would educated me better than any school could, and would also increase my quality of life significantly. However, my parents are never home, and would not have the time to do so as a result. However, I believe that it would be possible to teach myself. It would be extremely hard, I would have to plan everything out and have my own timetable. I would just have to follow this http://syllabus.bos.nsw.edu.au/stage-4/ and I would learn as much as any person suffering in a conventional school would.

However, my parents have obviously rejected this idea.... Their main argument being "it just wouldn't work", which is infuriating. I even asked for a trial period, of one week. I have looked into other methods of education, such as a montessori education, which was not an option because in my area there aren't any. 

School starts in about 32 hours, (Public Holiday), it is 12:43 at night. If I go to sleep I will subject myself to tomorrow, which will be unpleasant. (Dentist), and I have decided that if I am going to kill myself, it might as well be now.


I fully understand what this decision means, my life is nothing compared to other people in this subreddit. But I truly am tired of being alive, I have been depressed for over 1 1/2 years.  It is not going to get better for another 4-5 years. But even then, some people say school was the best part of their lives.

~~Please, can someone please find a reason for me to live. This is truly a last ditch effort. I have what I need to suicide right now, and will NOT wait another day.~~

EDIT: I will be waiting a week for something to happen. I appreciate everyone's responses, and it has (possibly) saved my life.

https://youtu.be/YR5ApYxkU-U?t=2m21s