Life is pure pain for me, and the pain can come to an end with one lighter and a jerry can of gasolineIve been contemplating suicide for a few years now. I guess it starts when I was about 5. My Dad died of lung cancer (he was a smoker), and we moved in with our grandparents, about 1,100 miles away from Carlsbad, New Mexico in Madison, Wisconsin. On our way there (in car), we crashed into another’s car. I nearly died. I was incompletely paralyzed from the waist down, I broke both my legs and I suffered massive internal bleeding. My arm was trapped under lots of rubble and it had to be amputated. Thankfully I got a prosthetic arm. The bleeding put a strain on my heart, and I developed a condition. I learned that the hard way in gym class soon after and when I ran I passed out and I woke up in the hospital. My Mom died, and I was adopted by a family with two kids. TJ and Veronica. Me and Veronica were born on the same day, in the same year at around the sameness time. TJ was about 4 years older than me. My new parents treated me horribly. I had a 5:00 PM curfew, no going to friends house’s EVER. If you did, or got home last 5 o’clock, GROUNDED. They constantly scolded me about everything. “Emily you’re too this”, “Emily why did you do that?!”It was ridiculous. I ran away one day, and I ran all the way to Chicago. I quickly picked up the hustle and bustle of city life and was adopted by a new family that treated me just as bad. And this all happened by the age of 11. I attempted hanging myself, but my parents caught me and I was grounded for a year and I was basically tortured every day during that span. I ran way from home again 3 years later and ended up in a suburb of Peoria. I was treated somewhat better. I was still scolded a lot but no curfew, no groundings, just a whipping for every “satanic thing” I did. This family was very religious, and I didn’t believe in that “Christian bullshit”. But I was forced to attended church and prayer. By this time, I was contemplating suicide. Their child, Max also didn’t like the “Jesus nonsense” and wanted the family to be realistic. By this time, I was a shell of my former self. I was shy, cowardly and had no friends. I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder. Soon after, I was diagnosed with cancer and all of the sudden they started caring about me all of a sudden. My life was turned upside down. And it was flipped back to normal once radiation did wonders for me. I had no idea what happened to me. Kids at school bullied me, but I did really good in school. I was shoved into lockers, sucker punched, insulted and abused. My life is terrible. Max stabbed himself the other day, I can’t blame him. Living in these conditions is pure, fucking hell. I am either going to hang myself or pour gasoline on myself and burn myself like a bonfire. I want to leave a note saying “Leave my rotting body here and leave a note by it saying ‘Emily, rotting in hell.’” I need help. And a therapist. And a job. And a life.