help me please i cant do this alonethe thing is my mom wants me to get 90 as an average. so she doesnt let me do any kind of entertainment at school days to that i would only study. so 5 days of the week i can only study. i fought with her about this because term 1 ended and i got 89 :) but apparently that is so bad and she got mad and banished me from reading books , painting , playing ps4, and mainly any type of entertainment on these 5 school days. and you see my school is special. im a senior but i study college material. even our books are college books. so it's nearly impossible to get above 90. through all grade 12 only 3 student in my school got in the 90s. and they barely made it. one mark was 90.3 and another was 91 and i dont remember the third one . but the thing is when the weekend comes she wants me to go to her grandma's house. and thats every couple of fridays. so i told her that i could only play o weekends and now youre trying to take that away too? so she made a deal that i only have to go once every month. but the thing is no natter how hard i study she doesn't realises that and she's never supportive. for example, before a couple of days i told her my mark. and i got five marks in the 90s and two in the 70s. and im the highest in my class. but she didnt focus on the 90s but she looked the 70s and got sad. i told her im not good at every subject. those two subjects are extremely hard. one is physics and the other is arabic language. no one and i mean NO ONE gets higher than 70s in both. but apparently that not good enough in her perspective. she says she's doing all of this because i once said that i wanted to study astronomy so she thinks i have to get higher than 90. but i told her and i still do believe that she wants that 90s because she wants to brag about her soooo perfect daughter with her friends at work and her family. i feel drained and stressed outttt i want to end this but the price for this is way to high in my religion. i will suffer eternally in hell if i do commit suicide. that's the only thing that makes me think twice. i was just talking to her about the tv show stranger things and i was telling how addictive i became and all she said was you know you cant watch them on school days and my heart broke when she said that. not because she wont let me watch but because she's reminding me every time i tell her about anything. i told her i want to buy a gaming pc and she said the same thing "you know you cant play on school days", every time i talk about anything she says that. and every time i say i know. and really i doooo know. and it breakes my heart i mean im not a machine. i get tired i get bored i get depressed and i lose faith and i get drained. she's making me hate her. i cant do this i cant. help me please. my eyes burn and my chest feels heavy i dont want to go to school.