Only ending my life will end my never ending pain and problems!What's the point of surviving when no one bothers about your existence ? People say live for yourself,it gets better with time but no it doesn't. 

I've literally no one to call as my own.No friends,no relatives,no relationship. My parents hate me and are just ready to get rid of me anyhow.Just consider me as burden because a single person of my age is nothing more. But growing up in a dysfunctional toxic family lead to so many trust and commitment issues.Scared of attachment and don't want get married or into any relationship because don't want someone neither will I het anyone who'll bear with my mood swings,my depression,my complete lack of emotional control.

I keep pushing people away because scared that they'll hurt me leave me,got rejection and abandonment issues. Several times I find myself searching for 100% sure ways of ending my life because "what if I survive" then everyone will hate me more, everyone just hates me without any reason.No one understands me.My so-called family and friends will be ashamed and people will call be psycho attention seeker.But above all what if I just survive but somehow physically challenged then it'll no less than a nightmare.

It's not like anyone will be bothered if I die.I am that friend who's always remembered when they need something but never called for any outing,who's always left behind while walking or in conversation. With my  childhood experience of hatred,bitterness and getting beaten at home along with that getting bullied at school and college severely damaged my mental health. 

I hate talking to anyone scared that they'll just use me, scared of relationship as no one can tolerate my hot and cold behavior  plus people these days just want you or physical needs. I am too scared to get my leftover sanity and heart broken.My sibling hates me.Just wants to push me out of house and prove me to be a loser and  wrong one in front of my parents. They all had beaten me so much in my childhood but still I care for them beautiful I have no one.My relatives and cousins hate us.Seen my father,sibling and heard of my grandfather cheating on their spouse. So but hate marriage and relationships more. 

During childhood two house staffs used to molest me, I was just 8-9 years old.One of my cousin was no less.Sometimes I feel that may be somehow I was responsible for it. Now I hate when people touch me. In school I used to be  badly bullied and humiliated. Never had anyone to help me or understand me even a bit. My mother sometimes getting manic tried to kill me.

Sometimes I crave of affection but then I push people away because I'm fucking scared. No one ever hugged me,I want to hug someone and see how it feels. Never played with teddy bears in childhood,just want to get one for myself. Never did anything which a person of my age does. Always tried to be a good girl, trying to appease my parents, always helping others even if they hurt me, no thought ill about anyone,never intentionally hurted anyone,never demanded anything for myself,always listen to others.

I don't want money,riches or anything.Just a small happy family, a protective sibling not a selfish one who won't leave their sister in front of wolves to fend for herself.Want a caring partner who'll understand,love and care and above all respect me,with respect comes loyalty.Some who can love me which I never got in my life. Even after everything I till love my parents and their codependency,obsessive helicopter parenting has ruined me badly.They are aged now don't know how will I survive all alone in this big bad world. Can't marry which they want because again don't want to be a liability on anyone. Want to live independently on my on terms. But think that's too good to be true.

Now after 27 years of struggling with all these I'm just tired.Guess my problems are never ending and now I'm high on my manic mode so sharing so much publicly and will regret when I'm normal.Guess ending myself will only end my problems.Sorry for my long rant.