I'm losing it.I have racing thoughts, over and over "It's time to die, it's time to do it." Over and over. In head-voices of the people I loved the most.

My life is falling apart, I've tried killing myself two times this month. One was an attempted overdose on the pain medicine for my cancer, the other time was me attempting to hang myself but I was caught in the act and sent to a mental hospital. 

I was treated like a bother, a nuisance. Like "Oh, they tried to kill themselves again. Whatever." My life has fallen apart. I'm only 17 and I have two types of god-damned cancer. My girlfriend of three years has left me and my family is trying to convince me to "go straight." 

I miss her everyday, I started chemo and radiation therapy just for her. She said she'd be lost without me. That she loved me so much and hoped I'd get better. Then a week later "I don't love you anymore." All I have is love for you, why wont you love me? 

Now I can't just quit. I had the option to just say "No." Why would I quit when my family spent so much money getting me treatment, therapy, etc. I'm so suicidal but I know that I'm not going to actually kill myself unless I fall into another one of my psychotic breakdowns. 

You know, I'm so fucking sick most of the time. I'm so lonely. Me and my love would talk everyday, play videogames together, watch shows. Now I have no friends. We were long distance. Now my real life friends have left me too, they made fun of me behind my back and I found out from some acquaintances. Between my ex and them they both called me autistic, stupid, retarded, crazy, insane, the whole array of insults. 

It's not my fault I'm mentally ill. No matter how hard I try I'll never be good enough for anyone. Why was I given such a shitty hand in life? My family life is utter shit, I was locked in my childhood and then I had no friends until I met my ex three years ago. Now I'm back to square one *and* I have cancer and get sick every other fucking week. 

Why wont it end. It's time to die, it's time to die. Why wont the cancer just take me already? Why wont it let me die? I have no hope in life. The one I love the most is gone. The friends I cherished I bother. 

I'll never be someone they'll remember as a wonderful person. I'll always be some joke. Some sick fucking joke. Time to get stoned as hell, sleep for twelve hours and pretend my life hasn't turned into a complete shit show in the span of two months. 

The start of this year I was depressed but I was *happy sometimes*. Now it's constant misery and crippling depression where I can't focus on anything for long. 