i'm fucked up inside, i have nowhere togo and my life sucks. ive been suicidal before but now i just need helpim 16 and i dont believe in god. im stuck in a very religious household and even my name is reflective of the background i come from. i am pathetic. i am "dating" a girl i met online who i have never met in real life before. i have never had a steady irl girlfriend for more than a month. i have only had 2 steady irl girlfriends before. less than 8 weeks of any sort of support. i feel hurt and angry toward the world. my school sucks. people make fun of me, i am shy and quiet and awkward, socially in school i am a joke. out side of school, at work during the summer people like me but i can never break the barrier and actually become friends with anyone. i am friends with a very few people. im tired of life and of shit. my life is hell, my parental relations are strained, my dad and i fight all the time and my mom is awful because shes a religious nut and i cant stand it. i want to admit im an athiest but that means that i would break my parents and familys heart, i would probably be shunned as well because i am in a hugely religious family and the only other person who could support me is my cousin who is also athiest but i dont even think he knows i am yet. i hate my life, im miserable and was brought up being told i am super intelligent and special, etc ettc. i dont feel smart, i feel average or below average. my work ethic is shit and i nevr work out - i'm not fat but i could gain some muscle. people who i meet online call me "cute" and  i have had 2 internet romances, one of which i am currently in. irl, nobody finds me attractive. i feel ugly. i was on omegle video chat the other day. signed on, some woman said "wow you re fucking ugly"then signed off. i cant stand shit like that, fuck her. didnt help me much either. ive given up - my life is  shit and im unhappy, i cant find any interests and my grades have slipped. i have only one friend who sees me for who i truly am and she has tried to help me through it but she gave up last year - we still are friends but we dont talk about my problems. im fucked up, i need help reddit

i want to die