No hope on life..My girlfriend met with an accident and her father is against us because I don't belong to his religion. He was waiting for an opportunity to separate us. Trust me, I never ever felt loved so much by a person and the accident ruined everything in a second. Her parents didn't allow me to see her in hospital and didn't let any of her friends to talk with her for like three months. During those three months I was depressed like hell, didn't talk with anyone. And after three months, I found out the terrible truth, she LOST HER MEMORY AND HER PARENTS USED THAT TO GET HER ENGAGED TO SOMEONE FROM THEIR RELIGION :/ 



Edit: Let me tell you another facet of her parents. So she was my junior in college and we were both doing engineering, I 4 job offers while still in college and I was one of the best students from my stream of engineering. So all they ever told is that I don't belong to their religion and I shouldn't talk with her. They even took me to police station in their area, and made me feel like shit by slapping because the fucking police belongs to their religion and he didn't say a thing instead he warned me. So immediately after that incident we got holidays, semester break actually so she was at home and they used that to do all the things that you mentioned. She literally saw hell at home, no one to talk to. I don't know how the hell even her mom tolerated that, so just when I was about to file a human rights violation case on her parents, her father attempted suicide and he was hospitalized. She got scared but she still didn't give up on me, she loved me so much that any amount of brainwashing or manipulative bullshit can do nothing to her. So after three months of the accident, she came to college and she couldn't recognize her friends. So her parents weaved a story making me the bad guy, and now they brainwashed her so that she is hating the sight of me. I tried to file a law suit but it didn't stand in the court because I am from a country where corruption is rampant and the 99% of the parents which also includes judges think the same way as her parents. And that my friend is how I lost the battle and ruined my life. 


Edit 2: For all the people who think that I made it up and faked it. I literally cried almost every night in the past one year wishing that this is all just a bad dream. 

Edit 3: I can't take this anymore. I mean why does it have to hurt so much... :/ Somebody save me...I know nobody will notice this anymore... I'm crying again and feel like ending myself even though I always used to think that this is the most stupidest thing ever.