I feel like one day I’m just gonna kill my selfI feel like one day I’m just gonna kill myself

So this is just gonna be me venting about shit I don’t like about my life. 

I’m one of those wastes of space that was just destined to be a waste of space. You know those incels or nice guys or neckbeards or whatever? Since this is throwaway anyways but I’m afraid to say I feel like I’m subconsciously becoming one, and I’d rather eat a bullet than become one. 

For a little context I’m an 18 year old highschool dropout. I’ve never dated anyone. I don’t even have any friends. My parents give me zero support and I don’t really have the energy to really get up and do anything. I do have a job, it’s not enough to pay rent so I’m just forever under my moms roof and I feel like that’ll be the case for like..as long as I decide to keep living. 

I dropped out because my school closed down, entered an online charter school, then they kicked me out for now doing any work. I just couldn’t it wasn’t a classroom setting and I don’t know how to get back into school I’m
A dropout, no school would take me. Most people my age are already in university, I’m so behind. 

I’ve never dated, I’ve never had a true friend. I never even really hugged someone; let alone the other stuff. When I go on the dating subreddits and I hear stories of other people failing too despite actively trying and it just demotivates me to even try. No one has ever shown interest in me. I feel unattractive and gross. The only time I feel safe going out is to work but only in my nice work uniform . All my other clothes are trash. My room is trash and smells like garbage, there’s holes and blood on the walls (yes i self harm) stains all over the carpet. Can’t even dream of bringing a girl over. 

I’m not even sure where to start. Everytime I think of going to gym I think about one last McDonald’s trip. Everytime I think about buying me fresh clothes I just realize it won’t change my ugly face. Or when I decide to make my room nice, it’s a lot of money to spend for a lease that ends pretty soon so there’s no point. Always these fake ass excuses I make up and I’m aware of it and I’m sorry. I’m in a bad place right now I just wish like, I just ..I don’t want this to be what I amount to but when I lift a finger I just fall back down I fall back down.