I can't escape this feelingEven though i have no reason to feel like it nor do i wan't to do it i often start thinking about what if i just end it now.  Idk how to explain it. Its kind of a pasive feeling that i feel always on lower levels but every once in a while it bursts and i start preparing for a suicide. Ik that most people here feel that way too but the problem is that i have really bad self control in everything including this so when it happens its so hard to go back. So far ive had 2 times where i planed to kill myself. I will start from the begining. Ive always had a problem with making friends because of how anxious i am and i am 100% sure that that is the main reason for this. I always felt empty and like im missing the point in life but I put on a happy face in front of my friends and family.  The worst period in my life was from june to december 2018. From the start of June i was suicidal every day and constantly kept thinking about it. I remember crying myself to sleep almost every night. To add to that it was a period where i didn't have a single friend and even though i have great parents and family i dont wana talk as openly to them as my friends. In mid august i decided to just end it. This was the only time where i went trough with the plan but changed my mind after starting it. What i mean by this is that im glad that i was as dumb as i am even then so i chose a bad way of killing myself aka i just started taking any random pills. My plan was to keep taking pills until i die but after i took only a couple i looked in the mirror and asked myself wtf am i doing and stopped. The thoughts still continued until december but i made atleast a few friends so i had times where i was distracted from it. The second time where i almost killed myself was december. This plan however took a bit longer and for some time i kept searching about suicide methods, how lethal are they and which places nearby are the best for it. Keep in mind im not 18 so firearms or lethal poisons were not an option as i had no way to get them. So i cut down my option to only 2. One was to jump of a building. One was to lay down infront of a train with my head being positioned on the train track so it will be hit first. I chose the first as i thought the 2nd might be a bit more painfull. I went to the building that i wanted to jump of and as i got to the top for some unknown reason i decided to not do it and turned back and maybe try to change the things that i didnt like about my life. And i did change a few of them so i felt better for some time. The feeling didnt dissapear completely but it was way more rare. Then comes summer 2019 and again as the summer comes back so do the suicidal thoughts. I knew that it was going to happen all over again so i decided to go for a distraction. Alcohol. From December to June i did make some new friends. I was stil feeling lonely and only had a few more friends, but atleast i had someone to drink with. I don't wana go in details about the drinking part ill just say that it began realy low but now its become a bit of a problem, but it worked. When i was drunk i was always happier than i could ever imagine and all my bad thoughts would fade away. In august though the suicidal thoughts became a lot worse again and theyre getting worse and worse every single day. I really dont have any other problems anymore. The only ones that i have are the drinking, the anxiety and me hating every single part about myself(imo my biggest problem rn)  both my looks and my personality. Recently the feeling became as big as it was in june last year again and i fear that i might try to kill myself again but this time there will be no going back. I don't know how to stop it. I have talked about it with both my friends and family and they both told me to go to a psycholigist. I talked with my parents (this was around a month ago) and even thought they told me again that i shoukd maybe go to a psychologist i shruged it of and said that il try to fix it myself. But i didn't. Im trying to atleast act like im better infront of my family but i dont hide some of my true feelings in front of my friends. However, i keep most of it to myself and i havent talked to someone completely open about it ever untill i wrote this. Im trying to prolong it as much as i can but i fear that one day il plan to kill myself again but it will be too late to stop it. I hope that you understand what im trying to say. 

Whats the best way in your opinion to try and escape this feeling for  now or maybe for a longer period? Sorry if there is something wrong with my post i just want to finaly get this off my chest and finaly talk about it with someone even if its online and maybe get some good advice from them.