I need supportive friends, I can’t live with myselfI’m so lonely and too weak to make my mind stop the constant thoughts.. I don’t know where to even begin with this post, I’m ashamed to admit that my ex-girlfriend is what pushed me over the edge, I don’t want to be someone who’s suicidal over a break up, I want to be stronger than that, but I just am not..

I’m trying to keep this short and not put too much detail in but it’s a fairly long story either way..

This all happened about 3 weeks ago on a Friday evening, at this point I knew this girl for about 6 years, we dated on/off for about 5 years and have been consistently dating for nearly 2 years. We’ve been in a long-distance-relationship this whole time, this would’ve been fixed as soon as I’d go to uni in 1.5 years as I decided to get my uni degree in England to be closer to her. Basically I woke up to a text of her breaking up with me and I freaked out, called her repeatedly around 95 times before she picked up the phone, she explained her reasons why she wanted to break up but none of it made sense and it was all just reasons that could’ve easily been talked about and discussed normally, but eventually it got more heated and this lasted for around 2-4 days before I fucked up horribly, at first she wanted to stay friends and if only I took that option.. but no, the heated arguments made her decide she wanted to block me for a certain amount of time, but as soon as she said that I didn’t even read further than “blocking you”, I got so scared and told her I wouldn’t ever delete her nudes if she’d do that, she freaked the fuck out and yelled at me for 10 minutes straight and then became unresponsive for about 3 minutes, which scared me so much as she’s been dealing with depression ever since I met her and has been close to ending it before, I begged her not to do anything stupid and deleted everything, shortly after she blocked me from everything, but my phone was still logged into her Facebook, which I never logged out of until this day.. throughout the next two weeks I’d manage to get a 20 minute conversation here and there every few day things just didn’t get better, I confessed about my addiction for weed and that it’s been a big part as to why I’ve been distant for a long time, as she has a father who’s been dealing with drug addiction for her entire life and I didn’t want her to see me like him and leave me.. I haven’t touched anything since the day we broke up though and I told her this, to no success at making anything better, i made her a video that I put together since I’m a film student and it’s one of the few things in actually alright at, she liked it but it still didn’t make her want to be my friend.. now fast forward to a few days ago, a notification pops up on my phone from Facebook, and I couldn’t help myself but check it out, it was a conversation between her and a friend, saying how she’s got a date that night and that the guy is going to stay over at her place for a few days.. this completely crushed me as we both lost our virginity to each other and until a few days ago probably we were each other’s only experience.. I know this sounds a lot like lust, but I’ve turned down so many girls when I was a lot younger and lost it at quite a late age because I wanted to die only ever having known one girl and vice verse.. I basically couldn’t think straight anymore, carved her name into my arm and cut my entire forearm open, there’s probably anywhere between 40 to 60 cuts on my left arm currently.. afterwards I was dumb enough to take a picture of it and send it to her, telling her “I’m so sorry I’m too weak to handle this pain” and continued to take a bunch of pills right afterwards, thinking I wouldn’t wake up the next day.. I guess I had no idea how much it takes to end myself and this just made me feel so much worse when I woke up, but before I went to bed I sent her a few more texts, begging her to say her last goodbye (while she was on her date..), she still hasn’t opened any of the messages.. those were supposed to be my last hours alive and she was more bothered with going on a date 3 weeks after such a long relationship (for our age) than actually saying either goodbye or idk.. tell me she hated me? I just wanted her to say anything at all.. I really don’t know what to do anymore, I don’t actually want to kill myself over addiction, regret and a broken heart, but death is currently no longer a fear and what’s holding me back from taking more pills is knowing that my mom would probably kill herself too if her son committed suicide.. I have literally nobody in my life anymore, I had no friends because she was my best friend and all I wanted was to share time with her, I have nobody to talk to at all, I’m starting to fail college because I haven’t shown up in too long now, I’m either sleeping or constantly checking her messages and our old pictures.. I’ve lost so much weight in these three weeks, the last time I weigh this little was wen I was 16, when I just met her.. I really need friends who truly care for me as I’m currently incapable of doing so myself, people who will have my back in these times and she apparently can’t do that anymore but I don’t know where to find these people who are willing to spend their time helping me through this, I only know people who are down with you when you put on a fake smile and drink alcohol or smoke weed with them, I can’t have these kinds of people in my life anymore and I feel so isolated having nobody that cares.. I’m starting to be incapable of going outside any longer than 20 minutes as it just makes aggressive and I start to fear for my own safety, I feel like I’m starting to see random shadows in the corner of my eyes too whenever I’m outside and it gets too crowded although I don’t know if that’s actually the case or I just see people pass by.. I’m a very impulsive person and I’m probably going to do something horrible I’ll regret or puts me in danger again if I don’t get out of this place soon. I don’t want and can’t afford a therapist, don’t want to talk to any authority about this either in fear of getting put in a hospital, I really can’t afford to skip any more classes, if I fail this year I won’t be able to afford finishing college.. I don’t know what to do anymore..

(Please be kind and don’t say anything negative towards my ex, this is obviously not the entire story and she’s given me so many chances over the years to show change and prove that I’m a better person, but I was never able to until the day she left me.. the break up is entirely my own fault and I should’ve changed my sinful habits long ago, but that also doesn’t change the fact that we’ve been together for 5 or 2 years, however you look at it, and it’s only been 3 weeks and she has another guy sleeping over at her place currently.. I can’t keep my mind from thinking what’s going on and what’s happening right now, it’s driving me insane, but I have no distractions at all to keep my mind quiet, I can’t focus on college as my brain just decides to make me feel 10x worse that way, playing games and watching movies do the same thing.. all I’m capable of at the moment is listening to sad music, chain smoking cigarettes (which I didn’t even smoke before this) and checking our old pictures constantly..)

Also, although I’m mostly focusing on the break up, the addiction had its reasons, although I haven’t been suicidal before that break up, I never understood the point in life and why we do what we do and what purpose anything even has, the only motivation I had was knowing how horrible of a childhood my ex had and having a dream of providing her with an amazing and stable future by going to college and eventually university.. I’m a high school drop out so the fact I made it into college shows how much purpose this girl gave my life, but at the same time I still didn’t understand why we do a lot of the things in life that we do and it honestly feels like a rat race, running in circles forever with no true purpose or meaning, which is why I became addicted to weed, it got rid of those feelings, but I don’t ever want to touch that again, it’s a big part of why in this situation currently.. 

I’m sorry if this isn’t put together very well, I might’ve missed some parts and it’s probably a really long post, but I feel like I’ve said most of what I wanted to say.. 

Which leads me to why I’m here as my title already said.. I need a group of supportive friends badly, people who want to play games with me on a call so I don’t feel so alone and can make my mind shut up for a little while, people who might even want to watch movies with me, talk about music together and what else people do who are close friends to each other.. not only do I want a group of people who can support me emotionally and keep me company as often as possible, but eventually I want to be able to do the same back, having put all of my focus into this one person to the point I have literally nobody left the minute they left me has been such an unhealthy way of life that I really want to stop living as soon as I can. Eventually I hope to find someone to keep me company at night too, as those are the times I’m at my worst and I’m not in control anymore of when I sleep, I’m literally awake until I pass out and am incapable of having it any other way currently. Although I understand that I can’t find that here or anywhere, it’s something that has to come naturally and probably won’t something I’ll be able to achieve for a very long time.. especially with 60-ish cuts on my arm for the next month or so.

I understand if people don’t want to put this much effort into a stranger, I’d be surprised if there’s even more than 3 people who’d take the effort to read through this book of a post, but I hope someone can at least lead me in the right direction as to where I can find these types of people. I don’t really talk/type on online games as that’s a habit I’ve developed from years of smoking weed nearly daily and neither do I see myself creating any meaningful friendships this way.. I’d be so grateful is someone does know of a way I can find what I’m looking for as being so alone and miserable by myself is just a downwards spiral I’m terrified of getting stuck in