Last Letter from the BOYThere was boy. He was abused by his parent. His mother beat in every day and his father work in another country and come one or twice a year (a month leave). From start he was confined in his house. That made him lonely, but he got adapted and then it result in not making friends at school. He have friends in school, but in his view they where just some people studying with him,that's all, no more no less.

That boy was pressured to study hard, becouse in his society, parents constently compare you to someone else. During exams he will get betten up for not remembering contents in books word by word, By failing a test he will get punishment.

Than that boy got molested, but no one noticed it. That boy keep that in deep inside his heart.
Then that boy lost what you called "empathy",towards all other thing. But he still open his hearts to the dogs which was with him.
That dogs prevent him not being shattered completely. Help him to endure.

Then one day his friend died in accident. He heard the news on the way to school. But in his mind there is no sorrow, instead there is regret that he didn't heard the news early and come to school and he also happy that there no school today. Then that same year 2 of his friends from primary school died, he thought "well OK". 
Who would thought that wound to heart may kill one's empathy. Pathetic right. 

Then that boy studied hard and passed but suddenly his parents tried to kick out of his desired path and had him Walk in his parents desire path. In result he got admission to one the best university in the country. He left his house to study on the other side of country. Far away from home, different languages and different people. He made his mind to do his best. But that wound open in his heart kept in achieving anything. He asked his parents if he can come back home. But they said "if someone determine to study something, he can do it". But he can't keep up with tides and start to sink after exhausting. They one simple important thing that kept him afloat was not there,His dogs. 
But that boy kept until the 7th semester. He made his mind and ask help from his parents. But they said "if you don't want to study, why didn't you said it 1st year" that was the last nail, the final blow. He lost his will to live then and there. His future vision became blank. There nothing in this world he care. That it, I tried hard, I tried for so long, that it
Then he tried to kill him self,he tried to put knife to his heart. But the thing called survival instincts kicks in and a fear never experienced in his life came to surface. He can't do it. The fear is overwhelming. That time he thought and people who killed then self after overcoming this fear. Other people and he himself call those people suicide "pussys". But it turn out that they are brave and they overcome this fear. Even though it's a stupid way of thinking. But you can't deny it if you don't experience it. 

But that boy is serious to day. He gonna hang himself with sheet. He tried. He wore many kind of mask in front of many different people. But he can't keep wearing that mask for long. So this is the day that mask fall off. 21 years of suffering end today. I'm beaten, bullyed, molested, abandoned,but endured all this Year. If you ask that boy whether you leave behind any regret the answer is simply "Yes". That boy still want to live about can't. His last piece of glass been shatter. 

It's been a fun ride for all these years. He may been lonely, but he enjoyed his own way. 
Thanks.