Different country, same dead end.Nearly 3 years ago I left the country I'd always lived in. Mainly driven by the fact that for about a year prior my depression had gotten a tighter grip on me. I felt (but shared with nobody) that it was either pack up and leave or let the depression run its course to where I'd take my own life. My friends only believed I was brave enough to take on a once in a lifetime adventure. 
I saw a psychologist for about 6 months before I left to try and get as mentally clean as possible before I left. I was lucky enough to have the funds to travel the world for about a year before settling elsewhere. I also knew that travel was the only real thing that brought me joy, which was part of my motivation. Trying to find respite from depression the only way I knew how even if it meant leaving my old life behind. My friends, my family, all that I knew. 
My psychologist diagnosed me with depression (no surprise there), generalized anxiety disorder, mild O.C.D. and neurosis. He warned me there was a good chance the travel would give me relief but that my mental health might slide once I settled somewhere. 
I had an amazing year traveling the globe. Nearly all my symptoms/suicidal thoughts disappeared (unless I got really lonely which was rare). I felt younger, stimulated, the world seemed richer. I felt joy again. I wanted to live.
I eventually settled in the U.S. and put my energies into setting up life here, getting a job etc. I fought to get a decent job and finally succeeded, which made me proud of myself. Got my own little apartment. But I'm badly isolated and most of my human contact is with colleagues at work, and mostly during work. Nearly as soon as I got my job and place the symptoms starting to slowly come back. I put back on the 50lbs that I lost traveling. Relationships with women don't stick. Dating brings rejection when they figure out I'm not the confident person I pretend to be. The rejections cut me to the core. I haven't made the friendships I thought I'd make. Slowly the colors faded back to black and white. I took 25,000 photos traveling. I've taken nearly none since I landed in the U.S.. 
Sadly my thoughts of self-hate have crept back in. Catching myself internally berating myself over things just like I did in my old home. Hateful bullying of myself. I lack nearly all motivation beyond what I have to keep things in control at work. My sleeping is back to minimum levels, just like back in my old life. Punishing myself. Self care that I was so happy I had traveling is waning. My apartment is becoming a mess. I know my depression is back and beyond the sadness that brings me is the added sadness that it found me. 
On the other side of the world with a new life and I can't escape it. It was silly of me to think that I could. I hoped I could be someone new here. I hoped the joy I felt traveling, I could hold onto. 
And in recent weeks solid, real, feelings of suicide have crept back. Feeling that it's all futile. That even making the drastic change of moving to the other side of the world can't help me. That no matter where I go depression will follow me even if I lose "my tail" for a while. Feeling like I'm being shepherded towards taking my own life. Finding myself googling means of getting a gun, which is awful to admit. 
And so badly wishing I didn't feel this way. That I could just get free of it. Wanting to travel again to stave it off again and feeling hopeless knowing that it would only buy me some more time where I pathetically repeat the process all over again. 
I don't want to take my own life but I feel it's inevitable.
