Does anyone feel the same way. I don't feel freeI am 14, soon to be 15 and I don't feel depressed but I am pondering suicide. The life I was given seems to contradict what I want. The way I function as a human is to have alone time and peace, and lots of it. I've shared a room my whole life and I hate every last bit of it. It's not even a big room. After my parents told my older brother (who I share a room with) and my little sister about them splitting up we've all been stuck in this small apartment that is far too small for a family of five. In a few months we will be moving out and my mum wants to take all of her kids to a new house but I've told her that I want my own room so much. Most likely I will have to share a room with my brother for another 4-6 years and I can't bare it. It seems selfish to kill myself I think but I feel like this hinders my life so much that it will be hard to make anything of it. My life at school was terrible last year because I had no friends however I dragged myself out of it to get into a new friend group. I wont say too much more but just that if I am not guaranteed peace in the near future I will seriously consider suicide. I am not depressed, and have only ever felt extreme sadness when I had no friends (so I made some) or when I stopped going out with girls or whatever which is just funny at my age. All I am saying is that I feel trapped in this life  and it makes me not want to exist. Imagine being trapped with someone you have no choice over in small rooms having to deal with their shit for your entire childhood. I can imagine having it much worse, or not having a house or money at all. Life seems much crueler then. But I just want to have freedom and this only seems better when you have nothing. Even if I had the smallest room ever and no phone or books or anything of value I'd prefer it to having to share a room with an annoying fucker like my big brother. I don't feel free and I cant work on myself as a person when someone else occupies my space, my ability to make sound or do exercise or focus or think. It's awful and having your own room is a luxury. I feel childish writing this, like I am just throwing a tantrum because life hasn't been fair to me. At least I have food and school and all that. But I don't have freedom. And it makes me want to end my life.