To the people who know me in collegeIt's not as bad as it used to be, but I still believe I'm not going to graduate. A part of me believes I'll die before that happens. I used to believe I'll kill myself before graduating high school too, but look at me now right? I give my family pride, and for that, I am honored to be here.

It's not as bad as it used to be. Friends have helped me pick up my broken pieces through the years. I've met so many coursemates, classmates, dormmates, and orgmates. I use them as anchors to keep me grounded.

It's not as bad as it used to be. Instead of fantasizing jumping off buildings and bridges, I dream about running away instead. Go wherever life takes me. Like the Dalai Lama, like the nomads from before. Let me get lost in the urban jungle and find myself. Let me meet exotic people and hear their wonderful stories. If I die in the process, then ok. No one has to find my body. That way, people can still hope I'm still alive.

It's not as bad as it used to be, but it doesn't mean it's getting better. I tell myself I joined orgs to pretend I've gotten better, but I know I joined orgs so I'll snap from all the stress they potentially bring. These new friends are my anchors, and they bring me deeper and deeper into the ocean, unknowingly drowning me in the process. Studying in college, for me, gives my family honor, but once I leave, I'll bring the school shame.

It's not as bad as it used to be, but if I'm too weak to fight, I would like to apologize in advance. I'm sorry I went to this campus. I really thought I was getting better. I'm sorry I joined your org just so I can break myself easier. I'm sorry I'm your classmate. I hope the empty seat beside you won't disturb you during class. I'm sorry I'm your roommate. I hope my bed will not haunt you with memories of me at night. I'm sorry I'm from the same college, department and course as you are. I hope I don't scare you into shifting. 

I'm sorry you got to know my name, my face, my hopes, my dreams. I'm sorry I raised such high expectations. I'm sorry if my absence will break you. But staying here is breaking me. 