It would be so easySuffice to say I do have a plan, the plan stares me in the face at least once a week, when that coincides with me being depressed I sometimes consider it for quite some time, battling my inner self just to stay alive. Weighing the pros and cons of whether or not I should do it, who does it help? who would even care? who would be destroyed by me taking my own life? My friends? no, my family? of course, but most of them don't give two shits about me during my normal life. lots of people might even be relieved that I had ended it. I've made so many mistakes, so many things that I regret, and my lack of self control on impulses is why im here in the first place and what I'm battling to stay alive. 

It sucks. I distance myself from other people because I don't want to hurt them, both by being who I am and if I decided to kill myself, but at the same time being a loner is contributing to my depression.

God I wish I could go into detail, I wish I could confide and seek help without the fear of being sent away either for what I have done or for what I might do. Even the internet isn't safe, Tor isn't safe, I can't go to a therapist, I can't talk to family.

I just don't know what to do, my only anchors in life are fading, things that I loved to do are mind numbing and boring. The pushed the person that I love away because I needed to latch onto something and it was too much for her. My family isn't around much and those that are just don't get me, my mother is my only real tether left. But what happens when she is gone? will I have anything else to hold onto or will I fade into insanity?

My depression affects my work relations, my boss has come to accept that when I'm depressed it will be obvious at work, because I save my energy for when I talk to clients or go to a clients business. So they see that I'm not doing well, and I'm afraid that eventually they will ask whats really going on, what do I say then?

I used to program, develop things and live inside of the code, I devoted my entire self to my projects and I loved it, now when I fire up the system I have to force myself to look at the code. I find it difficult to stay at it for long enough to get anything done.

I played games, until every game I looked at and tried to pay became boring and repetitive.

I eat, I love to eat, but its affecting my health, so when i'm not depressed I have to control my eating, slowly losing weight which is good but its not enough, it also helps with funding a little, though my self control and impulse issues tend to make finances go elsewhere.

I liked spending time with my older brother, we used to play and laugh, talk and have inside jokes. Now his time is taken by his kid. I can't blame him, it's just that I relied on it.

Pillars of sanity that have whittled away to nothing, leaving only the crumbling remains of my life in their wake.

My older sister and I used to be so close when we were younger, she moved away and has changed so much that I barely recognize her sometimes. It's great when she is around, normally, but shes not around enough to really do anything with.

I'm good at a lot of things, I'm a fast learner, but I have no drive, no motivation, partly due to me not knowing what will happen tomorrow, will someone uncover what I've done and will I be taken away? will my family be forever changed and scarred because of mistakes that I have made?

I occasionally write things like this, I never send them but it always makes me feel a bit better, today I created an alt to write and send one.

TL:DR Have plan, mom is the only thing I have that still tethers me, I don't know what I would do on a day of really bad depression or if she were to be gone.