I don't know what to do anymoreSince i have been in high school my mother gave me a hard time. Every time she came home from work she would  find some excuse to yell at me or my sister and then go straight for the alcahol (my mother is an alcaholic and has been through treatment many times but it never makes a difference). I got very depressed in the first year of high school (for me it was grade 8. I didn't  have middle school) and it drove me to harm myself and almost commit suicide but i could never do it. I thought the other years would be better but i was wrong. I started out fine and wanted to go to school but then i slowly started to get depressed again. I missed two months of school because my mother kept me at home to "watch" me (she found out about me harming myself). I went to many therapists and took many  pills but nothing changed. In grade 10 i finally saw the school counsnelor. I was very nervous at first because i was afraid people would judge me (people in my class often made fun of suicide and or depression). I soon got used to it and went there whenever i felt uncomfortable with someone or something. It was my quiet place. My counselor recommended someone from the ministry and i agreed. We met at school wvery once and a while. Once i became comfortable with her i told her about my mother who had become more abusive. She had been drinking more and fighting with her boyfriend when he was over (her boyfriend was abusive but not to my sister and I). Dinner or later the ministry checked up on us to make sure we were okay. I made a big mistake by lying and saying everything was alright. I knew my mom would get mad if i said something. 

Skip a few months ahead and i turned 15. I was not very excited. My birthdays got worse and worse as i got older. I didn't have many friend's and my mom usually just spent her money on my sister's birthdays, not mine. As i went back to school my ministry worker suggested a place called Maples. I thought it was a great idea. I could finally get away from my problems and get the help i needed. 

In March i was able to leave. I packed my things and the ministry had a ride for me. I was scared at first. I have never been to another place by myself before. I got used to it eventually. It was quite fun. I made some friends and we got to do lots of fun things. I was comfortable with the small room. I felt like i belonged  there. 

When it was time to leave (around April or May), my mother never showed up. A social worker came and so did my father. I knew she didn't pick me up from most things but how could she just leave me here like this?! The social worker drove us to my fathers house and said i would be "visiting temporarily" under ministry orders for three months. I was not able to return to Maples because i couldn't complete a Care Plan without my mother there. 

So here i am, now [16 F], just starting grade 11, living at my father's house (he has been going to court for full custody) while my sister is in a foster home. I have been going to an alternative school and have been getting good grades. Things were good at first but now i am at the lowest point I've been in my depression. All i can think of is different ways of suicide. I wake up empty. When i do feel something it doesn't last very long. My father often gets upset when i talk about how i feel so i decided to keep it with my therapists. I can't concentrate on anything because everything us just so boring that it frustrates me. I harm myself but not enough that it will kill me. I am afraid if dying but it is the only thing on my mind. 

I am sorry if it sounds silly or if you felt like you wasted your time reading this. I just don't know what else to do. I'm sorry.