I’ve fucked up and I’m unwanted yet again :)I have been struggling with inner feelings of being the sole root for other people I am close to being unhappy and overall just deteriorating mentally because of this. I’ve had a paranoia of being unworthy of being loved since being hard bullied at the age of 12-14. All of my friends ditched me and then when I found new friends they all moved away, leaving me isolated and alone yet again. I spent a few years drifting between groups at school, never truly welcomed, just moderately tolerated. After finally deciding enough was enough and that being alone was not okay I went on year 13 camp. I met some truly amazing people and made some friendships I thought  would last my lifetime. I was more than just living after meeting these people and I fell in love with one of the girls that i’d become really close to. After a couple monthes I found out that she didn’t feel the same way as me and I didn’t want to push to stay really close with her as I felt she may find it taxing having to friendzone and question my every move (i’m a real touchy person so I like hugs and stuff like that and i’d hug literally anyone so just fyi). I slowly convinced myself that things would end up like it always did, with me on my own, but it was even worse than that as this time I felt like i’d not only ruin their friendship with me but even go as far to hurt them emotionally and thus they would wish they never met me. I didn’t want that so after deep thought I decided that leaving / isolating myself would be in the best interest of everyone involved as not only would I be able to guarantee I couldn’t harm them or make them regret knowing me but I could also be in control of how things went rather than wake up alone and it be out of my control. I tried to do this in early may and I followed through with trying to commit suicide. Unfortunately I was unaware that OD’ing on paracetamol wouldn’t work, it would only damage the liver. Thankfully my liver was fine. After being mass harassed by my friends to still be friends with them after this (only two of which were aware of this even happening thank fuck), I went back to the group. I hung out with them and remained close friends with them I guess and went to the ball which was pretty good. In late june I was stressed out beyond relief from classwork that I had to do. I don’t let anyone else in on my issues as I am quite narcissistic and I use my ego as a shield to reflect from having to face the pain of having to be helped. I got invited to a sleepover on the anniversary of my Aunty passing away which made me a little extra on edge than i’d have been normally which added to the stress of what else was going on put me over the edge. I had a paranoia breakdown at the sleepover which resulted in me getting irrationally angry at one of my close friends and then realizing I would no long be welcome I left. I had only realised on the friday that I would no longer be able to do the production due to a test on conic sections being taught over the week of the production, thus meaning if I did remain to do the production i’d forfeit credits from that test. Add on top the events of the sleepover and it was finally happening. Everyone I love hates me or is disinterested in being friends with me, which is fair enough after everything i’ve done to them. I didn’t speak to any of them until the last day of term in which I tried to kill myself yet again by overdosing on ecstasy. Having more than triple what was supposed to be lethal I contacted and spammed the shit out of all of my friends trying to apologize. Fast forward another week and it has been confirmed, my friends never want to be friends with me again which has its benefits I guess as i’ll try kill myself again in a couple weeks. To anyone that reads this after i’m dead, you really weren’t to blame and I know I should’ve been a better friend than I was so i’m truly sorry for not living up to your expectations. Please don’t have guilt for me. You guys were the nicest people ever and it was an amazing time whilst it lasted. Good luck at university and I love you xx.