i need someone to talk to .first of all i would like to apologize that my english is not at it's best right now .

i am not a native english speaker or a smart person .

secondly i would like to thank the few people who don't have suicidal thoughts and  spend time on this subbreddit , helping others . thank you very much for what you are doing it gives me hope that humanity is not entirely f***** up .

thirdly i am going to speak about religion in this post specifically islam , i am not slandering anyone's belief nor am i forcing you to leave your current one i only wish for the mods to read the post before deleting it for religious slander i fully realize that what i am about to write is against the rules of this subbreddit but as any person on the verge of killing himself/herself i really don't care i just hope that someone sees this and talks to me before which i highly doubt anybody will take interest in a nobody like me .   

i am not trying to spread hate against muslims or islam in general just know this that this religion caused me great pain  to the point of driving me to suicidal thoughts and by extension writing this post .

when i meet someone new religion is always the last thing i think about when i judge them , please consider this even if you are muslim yourself . 

after that is out of the way i will start by introducing myself .

my name is really not important , i am 16 year old male living in a islamic country my parents and my whole family are muslims . 

i started having doubts about my fate when i was 14 ( two years ago ) , and i left islam someone might say " you are too young to leave your religion or you don't know the world well to make such a choice " 

the blunt fact that islam openly kills apostates whose fathers are muslims was enough for me to make the final decision of leaving islam i will appreacieate it if you kindly don't try to argue with me about it .

" whoever changes his religion , kill him " - prophet muhammed , sahih ( meaning an authintic narration of the prophet ) 

and if you don't know muslims 99% of them even the ones who don't practice it , defend their fate vigorously .

for an example if you were a muslim and you had a muslim friend and you suddenly told him/her that you no longer want to be a muslim he or she ( your friend ) might treat you as an exile and even try to report you to the jehadies ( muslim warriors / law enforcement ) who will then kill you .

friends ? forget them if you told your father mother or any other muslim relative , they might act the same way again i am not saying that every muslim is going to kill you if you are an ex-muslim but the prophets commends your blood and wants it to be shed to keep the honor of islam .

you may ask , well aren't you putting yourself in danger by writing this on the internet . 

well yes , yes i am in fact as i said i am considering ending my miserable life before it kicks off .


i have no where to go i am young i don't have money to travel to a liberal country and be free ( i doubt america or a european country will let me live among them even if i had money ) it just drives me sick that all these muslims get to live their lives in countries that respects humanity and i the true subject of islam live in a hell hole of a country a country in which if you think differently you might be killed .

i....i just want to die , this life is going to be a tough journey , one i am not strong enough to complete . 

and for the reason stated above i have not told my parents i just keep it in , i keep it in , only a few years past and i am on the verge of insanity . 

i just can't take this anymore . 

and because of those fucking muslims who do terror attacks in the west they are making it harder for me , to escape this hell . 

a few years more and no more arabs will be allowed to travel i will be forever stuck i rather just cut to the chase now and end the sad excuse for pity i call my life .


i sincerely hope for all the pain caused to me that all the bad muslims in the world end in the most hellish dimension possible .


i try not to hate on muslims i try to think of them as people but how can i do this , when in their accounts i am as good as an animal that is ready to be slaughtered .

just imagine being me for a day , living in a place where those who see you would kill you just as quick as they know that now how hard that is how anxious i am each day .

this turned me into a social reject but thankfully i am happy about that being a social reject in a society of killers is always a gift in my book . 

and because of islam i never enjoyed life , i never had a girlfriend never kissed a girl never did anything like that .

and you know what pisses me off the most , muslim teanagers in america do exactly that i abide by the rules of their religion yet i am the infidel and the apostate the one who should be killed not them . 

i just want to die . i really want to die my life is empty i have no purpose , my mother hates me my sisters hate me .

everything is just so bad i just want it to end all i just wish that one day i would not wake up .

and i am not blindly hating on muslims or islamophobic no i am not , i think that there are some good muslims in the world if not for their religion that demands my head on a platter i would try to talk to these people and become friends with them .

PLEASE DON'T HATE ON ALL MUSLIMS BECAUSE OF MY POST .

i suffer and suffer and there is nothing to soothe my pain . 

i am a person born in the wrong place on earth sometimes i wish i wasn't even born . 

besides all of that , i am not good at anything i am not smart ( as you noticed from my english skills ) , i want to become a programmer , engineer software at big companies like google and facebook or steam or make games with other developers or make websites .

till i discovered that i am not really a good  programmer ( i still like to do it actually ) .

in all honestly my computer was always there for me , despite being a tin can this machine has been more human to me than my whole family , i know it's a distraction sure i realize that .

i was always different , some may say weird i won't be offended if you think that way , when i was a kid i was always asking question they weren't the hardest ones to answer  but i always kept at it for some reason i always saw the bigger picture thinking of the outcome before the actions ( although i did make some stupid mistakes when i hadn't thought that way ) 

i know that my body is just a biological machine , that will fail one day it will crumble and it will fall down , i realize that these thought that i am having are just my brain at it's work , i realize that when i laugh or cry those are just chemicals i realize that humans are but little ants in this universe , ants which will die before even getting out of their own galaxy i know that and it doesn't scare me at all i always try to see through things , and people .

i hate hypocrites , and i hate myself for being one .

i know that killing myself will bring nothing 

i know that there is a slim chance if i keep fighting i will finally be reborn ( which will more likely never happen ).

but i just want to end it , i know i will stuck in this country why fight when you are poor and you will never achieve anything .

it is too painful to me , extremely hard i cant talk to people i cant express myself i wish i lived in a place like america or Canada when you will never be presecuited for talking your mind . 

i just hate myself to bits , which then brings me to myself . i am an overweight male ( i am not obese just 40 - 60 pounds over the natural limits ) and i am ugly really ugly .

i will never be loved in this world not by my family or my friends or others who seek intimacy .

i tried to lose weight time and time again sometimes i will be succsessful and knock a couple of pounds off but in the end i just keep giving up .

Thank you very much for reading .

i will attempt suicide in summer's end .

----------------------------------------------

to those who are reading this and trying to help me , even if i kill myself and you fail , thank you so much for trying and save me please help other people and don't blame yourself for my death i fully realize what i am doing if it wasn't as painful as it is right now i wouldn't have considered doing it . 

i am not smart but i know that suicide will be the quickiest way out .

sorry for the long post , love you all . 

Goodbye to you and soon hopefully this world .


Edit :- 

I have decided to wait some more , fight some more , all the thanks go to the people in the comments you guys really helped you really gave me hope , i am not going to try to end my life at the end of summer .

Thanks again for caring,reading,helping i wish i could repay you somehow .
