Im incredibly depressed and I feel suicidalI hate my life. Im addicted to games and I dont have a good relationship with parents. My parents divorced when I was little and I hate it. I hardly ever talk to my dad and he only provodes child support. My mom deals with everything else and she gets streesed. This has to have caused some mental disability or something because she has anger issues. I live in korea and the pressure is unreal. I have to be an incredible student especially as a high school freshman student. My gaming addiction is not helping and so is my mother. She constantly days Im a failure and recently my group partner was supposed to send me slides so I can work on a data table.... but he didn't send it. He said he would send it at 3am and he didnt. I was playing fames at 1am while I was waiting and my lom came in and yelled at me. She said I should sleep and she forced me to sleep. She promised me she would wake me up at 3am and she didnt. I ended up waking up at 5am not done with school homework which is summative that is due at 9:20am. First of all she didnt keep my promise which triggered me. I checked if my friend sent me the slides which he didnt. I felt like I shouldve been there reminding him that I needed them and I shouldve kept criticizing him. I got really stressed and got terrible headaches. I hot mad at my mom and when I confronted her she just wanted to sleep and said sorry, but I could tell she didnt really mean it. I got so stressed I missed school and I cant sleep and constantly think about suicide. My mom also isnt like other moms. In korea there are academies students go to, to do better at school. My mom doesnt think about sending me to them unlike other moms. My friends dont want to go to academy but I really want to. I only go to 2 of them and whenever I do something that she doesnt like (not sleep at a certain time or play games) she threatens to not send me to the academies or to school. She expects me to do really well at school compared to the other kids when I dont have access to academies they have or the support of their families. I absolutely would love to end my life, but Im not brave enough. I also happen to be fat. Im 83kg and I used to be 93kg. Despite losing 10kg my body fat percentage is 30% being higher than the average making me a fat 180cm idiot. I cant get any support from a girlfriend because I cant seem to get one. I also cant really get help from friends because some of them seem to be going against my personality and some of them I simply dont want to tell. Anybody in reddit have been in a similar situation? I feel like if I dont get help Im going to end up harming myself. Please help reddit.. please.