Having Insecurity Problems Regarding Relationship with ExI broke up with my ex recently and things have been really tough. Shortly after she posted on instagram about potentially seeing this older guy from her work + making a comment about another guy. I thought it was an attempt to make me jealous but it still bothered me a lot. I was having a lot of physical manifestations of anxiety which were my main problem from the relationship and this triggered a lot of that. I was throwing up for 2 days after reading that post (don’t worry, I unfollowed her socials after as i know it’s bad for me). I broke no contact today to talk about some things and eventually asked her about that. She said she didn’t know I would see the post and wouldn’t have made it if she did. I really want to believe her but I feel like this is the type of thing she would do and has a history of lying at times even when she assured me she was telling the truth / generally trying to make me feel bad.

I had a lot of physical insecurity problems within the relationship too. I constantly felt like I was a lot uglier than her and never got as much validation as I gave her. This has made me feel even worse and is causing me to spiral. Was she thinking about other more attractive guys while we were dating? She never told me I was attractive or handsome or tried to touch me in ways I did with her so I feel like she simply found me very unattractive.

A day or two after the breakup I was feeling very very suicidal and was on the hotline. I was texting a lady who was helping me plan coping strategies for that night. My ex was also asking me how it was going and if the hotline was asking, but when I said it was, she said she was glad I had the person on the hotline and that she (the hotline member) and done more for me than my ex did in the 7 months we dated. She made a lot of other rude comments and I felt like she was egging me on when I was legitimately close to killing myself. I find it hard to come to terms with the fact that she was very profoundly hurting me out of her anger and probably didn’t realize (or did but didn’t care, which is worse).

I am better now and am not at risk of hurting myself but I am generally feeling a little suicidal and really sad.