My girlfriend is the only thing holding me backI am nearing 26, and I am a failure in life. On paper, I look okay. I do have a degree in IT, about 2 years working as an intern to the IT department, and I got a decent GPA. In reality, I know nothing about IT. My school allowed open book tests, and I basically just cheated my way through college. Had I went to a real school, I would have failed (evident by the fact that I failed Evey math class since they were some of the few classes that were actually challenging). My internship only included deploying images which is not an in-demand skill, if you can even call it a skill.

This would be fine if I could control myself, but I can't. I am basically eating my way into an early grave (and spending all of my savings eating too). I can't even force myself to do a single push-up a day. How am I then suppose to actually learn IT when I can't read a page a day. Let alone the other shit I want to do in my life like learn Japanese because my girlfriend wants to move to Japan some day. I don't know if it is because of laziness, immaturity, or my depression.

I have tried a lot to handle my depression. About 8 antidepressants, a number of therapists who tried different methods, and, more recently, more experimental stuff like ketamine (which involved me spending half of my savings and has now made me even more anxious due to money problems). Nothing worked. At best, I saw minimal improvement.

I have not been able to find a job since graduating last May, and I will most likely be working at McDonalds. $10 an hour at 26 years old. How am I suppose to retire or start a family? How can I do anything with my life when I am this far behind. My peers have had 4 years of working (if not longer if they never went to college). My friends are starting families and careers, and I sit in my room all day.

I want to kill myself. I have a plan, and I am motivated to ending it. The only person holding me back is my girlfriend. My friends are already moving on, and we rarely talk anymore. I am not close to my living family. My girlfriend would be too hurt from this, and she lost so much recently (family and has been struggling in school which has caused some financial aid problems). I just want to die. I am sick of living, and I can't draw an ounce of energy or self-control to change my worthless life.