If I killed myself, my brothers would probably have a better lifeHonestly, I'm not as suicidal as I was in the past, but I feel like if I did it, it could make my younger brother's life better. My brothers (one older and one younger than me; we'll say B for the older and C for the younger) both have some form of mental illness. C had been diagnosed with depression and anxiety and B with social anxiety, but I'm fairly certain he also has depression, though he probably won't get seen for it. And just to put things in perspective, I've also been diagnosed with depression, OCD, and social anxiety, so we're just a trio of fucked up people.

Currently, I'm 21 years old. I've been depressed since 2011-2012 (or at least when I started to show more obvious signs of it) and hit a really bad spot when I was 15/16. At that point in my life, I really really wanted to just die. School became too difficult for me and after being in and out, I dropped out officially in 2017 and decided to try for a GED instead. Around that time, C had started therapy. Unlike me, my parents paid more attention to him and saw that he got proper treatment and were more avid in making sure he was getting the help he needed. I was kind of shoved to the side, since I wasn't doing well in school, but he still had a chance, I guess.

Since then, things have been pretty much the same. I did therapy took antidepressants for a little while in 2019 (therapy was on and off due to my living circumstances), but was constantly badgered by my mom saying that she knew that I was "stronger than this," and that she doesn't want me to rely on drugs and that she wanted to live to see me not go to therapy/take antidepressants (she found out in 2018 that she has Stage 4 Lung Cancer). Eventually, I stopped therapy and the antidepressants, partly because I felt guilty and partly because my therapist was changing jobs, which all my past therapists have done. I've never seen a therapist for more than a few months.

Now, it's 2020 and I'm sure everyone knows what a dumpster fire of a year it's been. To be honest, I had high hopes for this year. I actually have part time job that payed fairly well and I had plans to take my GED later this year, then start community college in the fall. But, I relapsed again into a depressive state and every time I don't meet my parent's expectations, I get punished by my phone line (I know I should pay for my own phone and I've been working towards that, but I had only gotten my job in the spring of 2019 and had other things to pay off first)  and the WiFi getting cut off, which ultimately affects my brothers, who are doing their best to handle their own shit, too. This isn't a huge deal, as it's always been that way, but it's really my only connection to my friends (I moved around a lot and so I have friends in different countries. It's hard for me to make friends in general so I value the few connections I have) and the outside world. The only thing that keeps me sane is my friends and distracting myself with music and youtube.

I want my life to be better and I want to leave my toxic environment, but it just doesn't seem likely. I can't afford therapy (was under my parent's insurance, but not anymore) and it looks like I won't be meeting my goals this year. If I don't get my GED by the end of this month, my parents said they'll remove the Wifi (and even if I did, they'd still do it; they said they would because they're only keeping it because I need it to study for the test. Mind you, B is in community college and brother C is still in high school, so they both need the WiFi).  I just feel like I take one step forward and five steps back. My life at home doesn't change, but maybe my suicide would make it better for my brothers.

C still has a chance to graduate high school and B actually graduated high school and still has chances to find something he wants to do if my dad would stop pressuring him about joining the military. I, on the other hand, have failed multiple times at trying to finish school and continue to push back my goals 'cause I just can't get over being depressed. I've already started plans on how I'm going to do it. I just want my brothers have a better life, but my parents never change. So, maybe if I died, it'd be better for my parents financially and maybe they'd finally change how they treat my brothers. They have a better chance at life than me, anyway.

I omitted a lot of details, but that's the gist of it.

&amp;#x200B;

tl;dr I have a toxic home environment and me and my brothers are all struggling because of it. If I killed myself it'd probably make life better for them and my brothers might actually succeed in life.