Not suicidal, but I have a death-wish.I'm not a very religious guy, but I do believe in God and Heaven and Hell and all that. If life had a morality scale, I'd probably be very deep in the light, due to my interactions with the public in general. However, after reading "Dante's Divine Comedy" and watching the moive "Constantine," I came to the idea that suicide is a one-way ticket straight to hell, and I swore to myself that I'd never do that. 

That being said, I found the loophole shortly after coming to that conclusion. Though most of the time I don't think about death, I do acknowledge the fact that I wish something would happen, whether it be a train-derailment, a drunk driver smashing into me, plane going down in smoke, or even an insane criminal that would pull a gun on me if I tried anything. I'd make up all these scenarios that would end in either me being a hero, dead, or both. 

I want to be acknowledged, but that won't solve my problems. It won't pay the bills, it won't eliminate my debt, and it won't give me the fresh start I desire. I owe several thousand dollars to the government and an additional several thousand to student loans, and I can't seem to find a job, much less hold one. 

Two and a half years ago, I was separated from the Navy due to a medical discharge. I was dealing with a lot of stress, including having my father die while I was overseas. I came home, and I found a job working at a fast casual restaurant. I stuck with that job for four months before I quit in January. I've been living at my mother's place since then while I try to figure things out, and I dream of finally living on my own again. I have an opportunity to get back into the Navy, but I don't think I'm ready yet. And I don't think I'll be ready anytime soon. 

My life lately has been slipping and slipping into darkness. Despite my own moral character, everything seems to be falling apart around me. I'm not good at anything, video games don't offer that same release they used to, my brother (who is five years younger) wants to see me dead for some bizarre reason or another (today, it was because I ate the rest of the lunch meat)

I still have hope that everything will work out eventually, but right now I'm so ready to die and I really hope that some obscure space junk lands on top of me. The hope... it's like, I know it's there, but I can't seem to find it.

I'd like to hear your thoughts on what I should do while I attempt to consolidate my debts with no income. I'd like to see your perspectives, given what little information I've said here.

And if this subreddit isn't the place for "death-wishes" please tell me where to go. I'm still semi-new here...