6 months clean!I just wanted to briefly tell some people about my life. I am new to this community and I have been loving it so far. I am 13 years old, and I have struggled with depression and anxiety since the 4th grade. Around 5th grade I started having huge anxiety attacks that went from in the beginning crying and shaking, to what I now do, freezing and refusing to speak. I refused to talk to therapists or my parents, because I always felt they treated me like a baby and didn’t think my feelings were valid.It was around this time that I started having suicidal thoughts, but rather than telling my therapist I started self harming. The first time I did it it wasn’t to severe I only used safety scissors I got from my teacher. I was caught cutting my wrist in the bathroom at lunch. When my parents found out they lost their minds. I couldn’t tell if they were sad or angry half the time. It was another year lying about how I was feeling and pretending I wasn’t suicidal, before I relapsed. I stole pencil sharpeners from my teachers and took out all the razors. Most of the kids in my class new about what I did the year before at that point, and I wondered if any of them would care if I did it again. Whenever I was bored in class I would make deep cuts in my arm and hand. It seemed like no one cared and my teacher never saw. So, I kept doing it. It wasn’t until my best friend saw me doing it that he ratted me out. I was so angry at him but in the end I was eventually able to realize that he really just wanted the best for me. Once again, my parents were angry and sad (I forgot to mention my older brother went through this to a lesser extent). Fast forward another year, I’m starting 7th grade and I am no longer speaking with my best friend or any others for that matter. I felt very overwhelmed, like many kids my age transitioning into middle school. It was BAD, I won’t go into too graphic detail, but I used a method of making an incision on my bicep with a sharpener razor and then sticking a dental pick into the cut and prying it open. Then, I’d dig until I hit muscle. I enjoyed wiping the blood onto a page of my journal where I kept my razor and pick taped in. It was becoming hard to hide, as it started to wrap around my arm and move up around my neck and I had to change for PE.