Drunken Rant, Suicide Note Prototype, Pity Parade, What The Fuck EverHello everyone. 

I think about death and suicide every day. I drink a lot and the only time I'm not suicidal at all is when I'm stoned, which is what I'm about to go do after I post this.

I go through life in a daze. I'm always outside everything that's happening to me in one way or another. It's just going through the motions day in and day out. The job I have I mainly have to be able to buy booze and weed.

I don't have any active plans to kill myself, except maybe through cirrhosis or alcohol poisoning, but by and large I really don't think my life is worth living. I don't think I deserve to be really happy, I don't think I deserve to be loved, I don't think I deserve a fulfilling life because I don't care enough. 

I don't want to make an effort to try to get all of these things that everyone in my family has: a master's degree, a well-paying job in my field, a nice house, a spouse and kids. It all seems just too fucking hard. A lot of things in my life that I'm supposed to want and supposed to do and think and feel...they just don't come naturally to me and it all just seems so fucking hard. 

I hate myself. I really do. I want to destroy myself from the inside and half the time that's what my brain tells my body to do is destroy itself. 

I honestly don't know how much longer I'm going to last the way I'm going, but there is no other way. Every other path I could take, every other choice I could make, it's not worth it. 

There's nothing ahead of me but fear and darkness and I want it to end one way or another. 

If it weren't such a hassle I probably would have already bought a gun and done myself in, because I can't bring myself to overdose on pills or cut my wrists or hang myself because they'd take too long and might not even work.

I think about my mom and dad and little brother and the rest of my family hearing I killed myself and telling each other and crying or screaming or I don't know what and it hurts, yes, but I can't keep lying to them all. I can't keep bullshitting them about how great my life is. 

I think half the reason I don't try very hard to stay connected to people is because I know I'm going to leave them sooner or later.

Anyway, thanks for reading if you've made it this far. Reply to me or don't, I don't give a fuck. It does feel better to write this down and get some of the shit inside me out, even though it felt like pulling teeth the whole time.

Peace,
mybrainisonfire