If you've ever wondered what Hell is like, this is a good start.There is an actual baby crying in the house, and you are the only one who hears it.

And not just any kind of crying, either.  This is full-throated, ear-bleeding, "something *hurts*" or "there is a murder-clown in the room sharpening its meat hook" crying.  

You're not alone in the house, either.  There are other people.  Other adults.  Other parents.  It may even be their actual baby that is crying.  None of them are hearing-impaired, and all of them can hear each other talking at *substantially* less volume as well.  Some of them are physically closer to the actual baby that is crying in the house, as well.  

The actual baby that is crying in the house isn't doing a one-off cry, either.  This has gone on, even escalated, for ten minutes or more.  This is beyond the "let them self-soothe" phase.  

There is an actual baby crying in the house, and you are the only one who hears it.  And after you go calm down the actual baby crying in the house that only you could hear, to the extent that anybody notices or cares that you were gone, it's to yell at you because they couldn't find their own purse or wallet which you never touched, or they couldn't find the keys to the rental car that were plainly visible on the key hook, or because you "need" to go get them more IPA or cider because you're the only one sober enough to drive (but this time they mean it when they say they'll pay you back).  

For added fun, sometimes the actual baby crying in the house, which only you can hear, will murder-clown scream at 1:13 a.m. and you have to *immediately* calm it down because there are other actual babies trying to sleep in the house, as well as your spouse's *delightful* friends from university.  Sometimes the crying will last until after 4:00.  

For even more added fun, sometimes you will have to do this for a full weekend.  Sometimes you will have to take a day off from work as well so you can spend all Monday sitting next to your sleep-deprived actual baby on an airplane while your spouse drinks White Claw from a LaCroix bottle and thinks it's the cleverest thing in the world.

16 more years of this.