3am i just need to vent cuz i can’t sleepnot sure if this is the appropriate sub for this, sorry

to start off, i am a lesbian. 
my girlfriend and I were in a long distance relationship for 5 years, almost 6
she visited me in october of 2017 for what would be the last time; stayed a month and then went home. we had a long conversation about loneliness and family the day before she left. i thought things would be fine.

shortly after arriving home she became very distant with me and blamed it on a sudden depressive episode; i believe this still because she’s had problems with that in the past. she expresses that she is suicidal and of course i’m worried for her. after a few weeks of sparse interaction and me freaking out a lot, she says she’s going to get help and then pretty much drops off the map for me. i am convinced she has killed herself and lied about going to the hospital.

what i don’t know is that she’s blocked me on pretty much every platform, and decided to move on with her life; i did not find out about this until february, so around three months later (after effectively failing to get in touch with her or any family, and pretty much grieving someone i thought i had lost to suicide)

i also struggle with mental issues (bipolar and ptsd) and i felt i could not cope with this, so i saw a counselor and a doctor to medicate me and help me move on. i was beginning to feel like i could move forward with my life, however after finding out she just ghosted me and nothing happened to her, i had a huge nervous breakdown and relapsed. 

since then, i have lost a lot of weight from just not eating and i find myself crying constantly, like, inconsolably. i’m unhappy, i’ve withdrawn a lot from my social circle and i’ve dropped so many hobbies that used to make me happy because they remind me of her. i have nightmares about her damn near every night. i have no idea what to do. i really just want to lay down and die. 

i don’t blame her at all. i respect her decision to leave me in whatever way she’s chosen. i just don’t understand why i wasn’t even worth a text or a phone call telling me that it’s over. i don’t know how to pick myself up. even when i try, if i manage to get through the whole day without thinking of her, i still have this stupid recurring dream of carrying her body to a train station to go to her funeral but fucking up over and over and taking the wrong trains or not having the money, losing my ticket, etc etc 
i can’t even tell anyone because i’m not out to my family or current friends.
i figured i’d feel better writing it SOMEWHERE at least. 

i know this is like a first world problem, and i’m being dramatic but it hurts so much. its been months but i still haven’t gotten over it. it’s just a stupid breakup and EVERYONE has those. i don’t wanna die but it feels like i’m kind of wasting away anyway. i can’t force myself to eat or take care of myself or talk to anyone. 
anyway thanks for listening