Ending it on my birthdayHi reddit, sorry if this post is going to be long but I want to share my thoughts with someone since I don't have anybody to talk to.

So I'm a soon to be 22 year old male and thinking about commiting suicide on my birthday in November. 

There are many reasons I don't want to live anymore but one of the major ones is that I'm so lonely. I have no friends only acquaintances. I had a really good friend from my childhood but we lost contact over the years. I tried to connect with him again but we've grown apart. 

Another big issue I have is that I'm a virgin and I want a girlfriend but it is impossible. I don't think I'm that ugly, I'm tall (6'5) go to the gym regularly and have a normal face. The only thing that I'm not happy about with my body is that I'm starting to loose a bit of hair and that I have acne scars on my back and shoulders.

Also I have tried online dating and that is just painful. I get a few matches but the girls don't want to talk there. I have also tried doing hobbies to meet girls but it never works. And going out to bars and nightclubs is not really my thing. The times I've been to bars and nightclubs I can't help to notice that it's mostly men there like 70% males and 30% females. 

That's another reason, I don't like the political views my country has because we have been taking in more people than we can handle. I recently saw a report about the gender imbalance caused by immigration. And when I was born females to males was 1:1. Now it is almost 20 % more males than females in my age range. That makes it impossible for me to find a girlfriend because I have to compete with all these extra men. And it makes me so sad to think that I will most likely be alone all my life, so why continue? 

Should I just work my entire life and pay taxes so that other people can be happy together and have a family? I don't want to contribute to that. I work a full-time job and was thinking of maybe try to study next semester to get a better job but I can't see how that will change anything.

I have never met my biological father but I know he's still alive. I was raised by my mother who I hate because she have been sheltering me since I was a kid. And that has led to me being socially awkward and unable to connect with people. I don't feel like I belong anywhere. 

I've made a poor suicide attempt before. But this time I have to end it, at least then I will be successful with one thing.