I am scared to be aloneI am scared to be alone because I don't know what I might do. I hate myself. Everything I do is wrong and stupid and makes things just worse. I try not to be alone, but that is making things worse because I am going broke trying to be around people or get to them. I do not have a car, or any transportation and have to rely on others for basically everything. I am spiraling out of control and ruing everything. I hate my job. Every day I wake up for work and try to think of a way I could die so I do not have to go, or hoping that the place will just burn down or collapse. "Well at least you are lucky enough to have a job" burns my ears everytime I hear it because My job makes me miserable and there is no sight of hope that things will change.
My SO is great and does so much. Works harder than me, is a better person than me, just in general makes me look and feel like shit, but we are also at the worst times in our relationship that they have ever been. We have been together for 4 years and our lives seem inseparable. I cannot survive monetarily without the relationship and I really have no place to go since my family lost there house and are currently living in my dad's workshop. 
I blow all my money in an effort to find any kind of happiness, whether that is food, booze, or entertainment like things or some more cheap steam games ill never get to playing or something. I never have had a lot at all, and I blow it all right away so it doesnt matter.
I am so frustrated and sad and angry and confused. I have tried a few times in the past to kill myself. 1st time was pills, second was alcohol, 3rd was a steak knife to the wrist. I have a nice idiot scar now.
I dont know what I am doing here, I am just rambling and sobbing into my keyboard.
I am scared to be alone. I always try to have people around me and I desperately want to just be held and carried or something. I just hurt on the inside so much.
Nothing changes and It is all my fault.

TL;Dr 

I hate myself and I just want anything to feel good and like it's ok and that this pain is going to stop and I can be happy again...I just want to be happy. 