Friend in different country shares a lot of suicidal thoughts recently. Need Help!Background:

My gf was in university exchange scholarship where she went to a far country to study for one semester.
There she met with new multinational friends. Two of them became engaged in a relationship, but because they as well were from different nationality in this exchange program,every one had to go back to their original countries.

The person who is sharing the suicidal thoughts is a girl I'll call her Danielle - not her real name-. 
Dana is a smart academic girl she is in her early twenties. Since she met with my gf they became best friends. Later on Dana became depressed as she lost her relationship with the other exchange student guy -let's call him Sedric.
As far as we know both of them when they were in the relationship they knew that this is a one semester relationship, and they understood that they can't continue the relationship after ward. But Dana became severally depressed by this situation especially after every one went home to their home country. She lives now in Russia, and we are not sure they have proper suicidal line there.

Situation:

She is depressed as she misses Sedric more and more. The suicidal thoughts started about two/three months ago, but they were very few and light at the beginning, now the situation is very difficult, as Dana is constantly writing in different manner of ending her life, she writes my gf of that. Most of the time it is one of those "good bye my dear friend, I'm committing suicide by the time you read this".
The girl has not committed suicide yet. But this is putting us in terror. My gf constantly thinking of a way of helping Dánia, she feels very guilty that she doesn't always have the time to speak with her -through online communication methods-.


Measures:

My gf tried some measures in order to ease the girl from thinking this way, she is understanding, she doesn't do any type of shaming or judgmental speak. She tries to always listen to her in danger friend.
Additionally, she even contacted the Dana's parents regarding the subject and asked them to spend more time with the Dania. Dana's mother seemed to be understanding as she toke her daughter to a psychologic. But after one awhile we feel that the psychological therapy is not making any thing better, as Dana is writing more and more about ending her life.
Sedric knows of those thoughts, he feels really bad for Dana, but we are not sure what Sedric can tell the girl to resolve the situation. But he was honest from the beginning in his intentions and btw he is from different country than ours so we can't really get in touch with him except through online.

My question here, is what advise you professionals can give in such situation? I mean this girl is far out of our reach, she is now is "just an online friend" we don't know how to make her feel better and help her with her depression through online communication.