Is there anyone else who just can’t do anything right?I’m just really bad at everything, and I have no particular skills or talents. I’m horribly clumsy, I don’t communicate very well, and I completely freeze up under any sort of pressure. Every job I’ve ever had I’ve been terrible at, to the point where, no matter how hard I tried because I felt horrible about it, other people had to pick up my slack because I couldn’t do anything right. People always say that work isn’t everything, but I’m somehow worse at everything outside of work. The worst part is that I have hobbies but I can’t really enjoy them because I’m so bad at everything that trying to indulge in them just ends up making me feel worse. I feel like there is nothing that can make me happy, and honestly the best I can do after work is to just try to go to bed as early as possible to try to avoid reality. I don’t think I’ve actually felt happy in months. I really just wish I would die. I don’t necessarily want to kill myself, although I think about doing so often, but it’s just that the world I live in feels like it was built for someone else, like it was meant for people who actually have the skills and drive and charisma to get something out of it, and that people like me are anomalies, walking abortions, an indecipherable mishmash of wildly conflicting traits that somehow all come together to make a being that literally cannot accomplish anything of worth, and can’t even be blissful in its ignorance. That might actually be the worst part, that I’m too impaired to make something out of my life, but somehow just smart enough to be able to despair of it. I have psychiatrist and a therapist and I’m on medication but honestly that’s just turned panic into a dull, pervasive sadness. I can’t imagine living another 60 years of just pointless misery. I get that for most people the pain of life is worth it because eventually they find their place, the little piece of the world where they belong and they thrive there and it was all worth it. But there will be no reward for my exceedingly long, boring struggle because there is no niche for me the carve out, I simply don’t have the tools to do so. I don’t know why I’m writing this, I’m not really looking for advice because I already know all of it, I’ve gotta start eating better and hit the gym and just try harder and then I won’t be sad anymore. Life’s hard and I won’t get anywhere by whining about it. Practice makes perfect. But honestly I think the truth is that even though I know exactly what I need to do to be happy, I’m just too weak and lazy and entitled to actually do any of it. So in that way I guess I don’t deserve to be happy because I’m not willing to try as hard as everyone else. But on the other hand I feel like I’ve tried so hard already to make what little progress I have and I’m still miles away from anything resembling normalcy. I feel like if I ever do get my shit together I’ll be a middle aged man and life will have already passed me by. Again, there’s no real point to me writing this, I know full well no one is taking the time out of their day to read a fucking essay on Reddit. I just wanted to articulate my despair, I suppose, and wonder out loud if I really am the only nonfunctional person. 