Why bother? Hi reddit, I'm a lurker here after the great digg migration. I'm 18 in 4 days and every day that comes closer seems to remind me that my life is pointless. I am out of high school now and attempting to do college. But even that is pointless, I don't have the money to go to school to become a pharmacist (Which, hell I don't even want to do). But I actually think I am getting ahead of myself.

I think I should start out with my family. My father is a Christian and is forceful about me being a non-believer. He isn't too abusive or anything but he has been to my alcoholic mom. My brother is a taunting shit and my father only encourages it. All in all, I hate my family. I think is what originally caused my depression. I use to be forced to take my mother's bottles out to the street after we found her drunk. She loved her vodka.

School, I was smart up until high school and I slacked. I continue to slack. I was about 3.0 by the time I graduated. Sure I got accepted to Oregon State, but I don't have the money. I had some friends, nerds and gamers throughout highschool.

My friends I think were the only thing keeping me together through high school. They never knew of my issues at home, because, well, I did not want them to know. It was embarrassing. What really helped hold me together was Dungeons and Dragons. Sure bring the hate, but I love the game. I think its the only thing I really care about anymore but now that I am eight hours away from all my friends (I moved about three days after graduating) I am no longer able to play. I have looked locally for people to play with but I haven't meet any groups, nor have I made any friends. 

I have no work experience, no one wants to hire me and my family continues to remind me about this. It just makes me feel even lower.

Relations with the other gender. I have basically one fling in my past and the farthest I ever got was first base, once. I am pretty sure she is a lesbian or at least bisexual now. 

So, really, I wish I could kill myself, but I just lack the ability to go through with it. Yeah, I am a coward but I just know that if I were to kill myself, how would I know what would come next? Just more emptiness and nonexistence? I think that scares me even more than depression.


TL;DR: I hate life, but lack the courage to kill myself. Life hates me back.