I am getting closer and closer to killing myself. I don't know what to do. Please help me.I almost hung myself today. I went to my empty apartment where I knew no one would be home and brought a leather belt. I put the belt around my neck and looped it over the doorknob. I pulled it as hard as I could and slumped down next to the door until I felt pressure on my neck. I immediately stopped and took the belt off and left. I couldn't do it today but if this gets worse, I can't promise anything next time. I've been feeling urges to kill myself for almost a week. I'm scared and I don't know what to do. I don't have a therapist but I have a psychiatrist. 

I have a few reasons on what I think is causing this:

1.) I don't have a job. I had a good job at a major company but I left last October to move to a different job. A few months after getting the new job I started to feel suicidal and was starting to develop a heroin habit. I was honest with my psychiatrist and she recommended that I either go inpatient or intensive outpatient for dual diagnosis drug abuse and mood disorder. I told my new job that I was having a health emergency and needed a leave of absence but since I had been employed for under 6 months, I did not qualify for a leave of absence and was fired. I completed the dual diagnoses program and have been searching for jobs for the past few months. I'm realizing now that the jobs I want require experience and skills that I just don't have and didn't get at my old jobs. I even asked my old boss at the original job (the job I left at the major company) for my job back but he said that there were no opportunities there right now for me to come back.

2.) I came off of Suboxone (I was on it for about a year for opiate abuse) about 5 weeks ago. I read that part of the withdrawal involves depression that lingers for quite a few months, however I don't know if it could possibly be causing depression this severe.

I don't know what to do. For the past week I have just been laying in bed and fantasizing about killing myself. I'm afraid to go to the hospital because I fear they will put me into an inpatient program and I don't want to lose out on 3+ weeks of possible job-related phone calls/interviews.