The words "I want to die" constantly go through my head.I can't live like this anymore. Literally the only number I ever call is the national suicide prevention hotline.

I have nothing but failure tied to my name and I don't have any friends. I hate waking up in the morning, I hate going about my day which usually consists of nothing.  

I have nothing but failure on my record, I barely made it out of high school, I joined the military and didn't even make it past boot camp and now I'm stuck at home again. The same place that I wanted to get away from. 

I was recently accepted into a college but I don't want to go. I can't bring myself to do it. I'm absolutely awful in an academic setting. I'm a fucking idiot. I can't do a god damn thing right.
Obviously socially I'm no better. I'm 18, never held a girl's hand, never kissed a girl, etc. 

I try to improve myself by taking up new hobbies but I've only just failed time and time again. All I do is fail. I'm not capable of doing anything great.

All I've done is fail over and over. I'm known as the dumbass of my family. My brother knows it, I know it, everyone fucking knows it. I'm not capable of anything. I'm a nobody. Why the fuck do I even have social media accounts? None of my posts ever got any recognition and now I just don't bother posting anything.

I have no shame. I have done countless pathetic things because I'm just that fucking dumb and easily become jealous of other people's lives. Everyone is so happy and living joyful lives. What have I got? Not a god damn thing. I just want to die. Every day is more lonely than the last. I can't live like this.

I have done nothing but get in the way of other people. I'm hopeless. What the fuck is wrong with me. God damnit, I want to die. I can't continue to live like this. Please, I can't take this anymore, I'm just a lost cause. 

Alcohol is the only thing that lets me feel any sort of emotion. I drink until I can cry an then I just fall asleep and repeat the same thing the next day. I'm such a pathetic excuse for a human being. I'm not capable of anything.

I'm just a worthless piece of shit. I deserve to die. I am worth nothing.