"Thank God you're back"I don't know anymore. My online friend (we'll call him M) almost killed himself, hid away for a few days. Out of panic, I told another friend also in that community (we'll call him L) his real name, along with some other dox.

"I hate you."

I reply "Thank God you're back".

Nobody really was back. He deleted my Slack account on the community I used to talk with him and other friends there.

All my other accounts removed too.

I logged into the last Slack team I had, where L was on as well. I tried to reach out, no answer.

I quickly changed my passwords. Out of hate, I looked up his email, and found his password (he was hacked a while ago, and never cared enough to change any other than his email password).

I logged in. I reopened my account.

Instantly removed again. I logged in again, opened my account, changed my password, then closed his account.

All my accounts removed, including the one I reached out on, in which M didn't even have an account. L hates me too now. Everyone hates me.

I threw myself out. I'm guilty. I have no foot to stand on. I really wasn't a friend, after all.

I'm supposed to be having food right now, but my parents are screaming at each other again. I stopped caring.

The only thing I'm even doign anymore is playign this stupid VN (yes, i turned into a weeb too to find something to indulge myself in). My projects are all on hold. My most important one can't even be continued, because M originally got the domain for me, and can just destroy it if he wants, and my cool queue.pw project will be gone. School projects won't ever finish, with school causing so many things to need ot be done (which I dont do after all)

I destroyed everything. Now all there is left of me is some dutch 15yo suicidal empty shell that spends his life working 50 hours of school a week (and dont fucking comment on this, i cant do any fucking thing about it), being all pathethic on reddit while its clear that he betrayed everyone he was attached to and is just paying the price.

Thank god Thursday is a short day. I can just take a train to some small place, then wait for the intercity train to blast past with me under its wheels. That's like, 5 days away. I can wait that long.

https://ichi.lemmmy.pw/wanking_accompanying.png as of now.