It's too much for me nowI'm an 18 year old guy. I've struggled with depression for almost 8 years for reasons I don't have the energy to explain.

I'm out of school now and I have a job that doesn't require me to leave the house. It was my "dream job", but now I can barely make myself do any work because I'm so fucking sad. I've lost any desires in life at this point. I'm broke, without friends, and every part of my body aches to end this struggle that I've been battling for so long.

I didn't have a childhood, I didn't have a single friend to rely on in the past or now, I've always been isolated despite my desire to be around people. I was diagnosed with a really severe social anxiety disorder so it was always impossible to get me out of my room. I tried to kill myself when I was 13 and again when I was 15. I had a boyfriend for a while but I had to end it because he became manipulative and abusive. My grandma is currently dying of a brain tumour, my parents hate each other and scream at each other every time they're around one another, and I've started to cut myself again now, which is something I told myself I'd never do again YEARS ago.

The thing is, I take care of myself well physically. I exercise 5 times a week, I eat healthy, and I go out into the real world whenever I have the energy. I also try to connect with people and make new friends now that my anxiety is   more under control. A few months ago I met a boy that made me genuinely happy, which was a feeling I didn't realise I had completely forgotten. I was head over heels and improving my life greatly until he cut everything off with me only a few days ago. I feel like this is just the straw that's going to break the camels back. I had stopped cutting again, I had stopped drinking when I was sad, I had stopped looking at myself in such a negative light, but now I'm back to square one and worse than ever.

I was longing for a connection with someone that I clicked with on every level, and hey I got it. Too bad I'll never get to keep anything good. I feel like my life is a cruel joke and I want it to end lmao. The only thing stopping me is the pain I'd cause my mum.