Why Does No One Understand that I Just Don’t Want to Be Here?I’m literally only here because people guilt me with “everyone will miss you, I’LL miss you”, “you just have to find the parts of life worth living for”, yadda yadda. 

It’s not that I don’t love you, people. I’m just not interested in life. It literally does not interest me. I find things to pass the time before I die. If I was told I had terminal cancer, I’d be relieved. 

It doesn’t even feel like depression anymore because it’s not sad to be, it’s just disinterest. O am disinterested in life. I’ve been dragged to a party I never wanted to go to. I’ve seen what’s to offer and none of it interests me so I’d like to leave. 

“No, no, stay. The party will get better, we promise.” 

Again, not interested! It’s just so...BORING. It’s dull. It’s more work than it’s worth. There’s bills, taxes, expenses. You have to work. Like it just sucks. I get that you’ve found a way to make that enjoyable and you know what, good for you, I’m glad for you. But I’m not interested. No, I don’t want to write for a living even though I like writing. I picked writing as a focus because it made me feel good and I was good at it. No, I don’t want to help people for a living, it made me and others feel good and I had a talent for it. There’s nothing inherently fulfilling about life itself. I have nothing to gain from it and your pithy statements about how I just have to find my thing or my passion only exhaust me more. 

That’s the thing. I’m exhausted. I’m done. I feel like my grandmothers did when they passed away. How my mom felt when she passed away. I’m just done. I’m weak. Life took a lot out of me and it continues to do so everyday. Please, all I ask if that I find out I’m deathly ill so I can go to a hospital or something and die in peace. That’s all I want at this point. I want to die and I’ve wanted to die since I was 10. It used to make me sad, but now the sweet release couldn’t come any quicker. There’d be no stress anymore. No more deciding what to do, no more deciding who I am or who I want to be, no more thinking, no more feeling. My brain could finally be uncluttered. It’s been cluttered my whole life with thoughts and ideas. I wake up every morning with it swirling, having to organize everything so I can be a functional member of society. 

Sometimes I think I’d like living if it didn’t require so much work. What if I could just stare off into the distance all day? No decisions, no tasks, no lists, no responsibilities. Just sit and stare. To have a mind uncluttered. That’d be nice. But it isn’t like that. Just to live, to have a place to sleep and fill basic necessities requires planning and thought and care. It’s too much energy, to even get the thoughts to stop swirling. They just don’t ever stop. Even to clear a space to write these words is a chore. I’m exhausted. I’m exhausted. I want to sleep. For a long time. For forever.