making this post before its too latethis shitty story starts with me admitting myself to the psych ward after breaking down due to many many years of pain. if im gonna kill myself then might as well give this world one last chance. there in this unit i meet a girl, i will call her Sarah in this post. all of my life ive been very alone, even by the time ive found friends everything still felt very superficial. i was way too broken to ever have something that felt real. and i never thought i would find someone as broken as me. 


but sarah had pretty much the same struggles as me, all the same problems (not going into specific diagnoses since i dont think it matters). with the difference that she was way more worse of than me. 

for the first time in my life ive felt like someone understands me, like im not alone, like im valued.

ive moved units pretty soon but weve kept closely in touch. atleast unless one of us was having a breakdown.

its part of my symptoms that i tend to obsess over people, but this was something new. ive finally learned what it felt like to have someone matter to you. 

for the first time ive cared about what happens to another person. 
during my stays in different units (in still in one btw) there was a time where i was highly suicidal. 
i told her, she freaked, said she wouldnt be able to stand losing me. so i stayed alive. again, for the first time i had something important enough for me to kepp living and endure the pain that comes with it.


now a few months later. my life is still hell. tho i atleast feel like i made a little bit of progress. 
but sarah has been getting worse. she had a couple of attempts, got into drugs and has been locked up in safety units most of the time. 
i tried my best to help her but its impossible to help someone who just wants to die. i still would do ANYTHING to make her happier, but im pretty much powerless.


fastforward to a couple days ago. shes in a horrible state. is on drugs and plans to commit suicide by the end of the day. 

i somehow manage to convince her to come over, to wait one more day. she does but not a long time passes until she has a complete breakdown. she would have gone and jumped. so i called an ambulance they took her away. 

they took her back to the psychward where she stayed 2 days until they forcibly discharged her since "she was too much too handle". great healthcare i know -.-

right now she probably is still discharged. i dont know if she is still alive. maybe she is just drugged up at someones place.


ever since i called the ambulance my days have been especially hard. i think of myself as a traitor most of the time. 
it would already be unreasonable to force someone with my level of pain to continue going. but the shit she has to deal with....
its just inhumane if i would still try to keep her alive.


but i dont know how to cope with it. even tho i made progress im still highly unstable. but no matter my problems, i wouldnt be able to kill myself while she is still alive. i wouldnt be able to do this to her.

but now.... if she dies i wont be able to handle it.

i already just want to end it all, but the death of someone i care about would push me over the edge.
but this post is still not about me.


im making this post while she is maybe alive. so i dont have to write in past tense.

im making this post so that i have done everything i can to help her.


this is probably a very enbarrassing post to read. but im fine with that.

as long as there is a non-zero change of sarah getting better, i will keep going.