I'm trying, I really amLast week my ex called me to go visit her, we were both drinking and I wasn't up for visiting her while intoxicated. She kept calling and eventually I caved, I showed up and we talked for hours. She told me she's happy and has a new boyfriend who treats her better and got mad at me for thinking I was fucking someone else already (lol). Pretty soon one thing lead to another and she was saying I better leave before she makes any bad decisions, I agreed and tried to leave. She wouldn't get out of my car and insisted she needed help getting inside. I helped her into her house and she started to say "kiss me". I told her no, but she kept saying it and I finally did it. Pretty soon we're making out and I eventually go down on her and she tells me to stop because she has a boyfriend. I stopped, tried to leave but she got up, pulled me back to bed and we started back up again. This went on for a while before I eventually did stop listening and finally left. Two days after the fact she messaged me small details about that night and told me not to tell her boyfriend. I felt, and still feel, extremely guilty about things and I have told her this. Now she's telling me I took advantage of her and she doesn't remember anything and if I tell anyone she will accuse me of R**ing her because she doesn't want her boyfriend to ever know what happened. 

I've been contemplating suicide ever since even though I know what happened and I know I did nothing wrong. But if she were to say those things I could lose my job, get in serious legal trouble and even potentially lose my son if she were to actually lie about things and bring this to the law. I do have messages from when she said she remembers things and the ones where she said she'll accuse me of taking advantage of her if I were to say anything to anyone. 

Just feel like I'm out of options right now and suicide seems like the only route to take. I'm sitting here with a bottle of pills and my belt ready to do it, but I've been sitting here all day (14:20 where I'm at right now) and I still haven't done anything besides writing my suicide note and making videos for my close family and friends. Now all that's left to do is pick an option of how to die. I just wanted someone to hear the truth, even if it's only my truth.