My Life is Going off the tracks and I need helpFirst off thank you to anyone willing to read this. I am just going to dive right in and tell my story.

For as long as I can remember I was a very deceitful person. I am 22 now, and I have been a compulsive liar since I was a kid. I am terrified of conflict with people, and lying to not hurt others or keep myself out of trouble was always my brains response to tough situations. Recently however it has gotten worse, and several things have started happening. A couple of years ago, I was diagnosed with Crohn's disease, which I attribute to constant guilt and shame for lying to people and constantly letting others down. Along with Crohn's comes depression, especially when I eat things outside of my doctor's recommended diet., which leads into my next problem. Recently I have become incredibly impulsive. I have always been bad with impulses but within the last 6 months it has gotten out of control. Anything from getting fast food, to smoking pot, to chewing my finger nails. If I am feeling depressed or very anxious, my brain will essentially force me to do those things. I have tried and swore to myself time and time again I would change my habits, but the impulse always wins. Always. 

As a result of these lies, impulses, and a very antisocial personality, my relationship with my family, my fiance, and friends has been strained. All of it compounding and becoming worse and worse. I hate myself. I know the person I should be, i want to be different so badly, but it just isn't working. Which leads me to today, through all of this pain and doubt and deceit and sadness, I caught myself trying to justify killing myself to make it stop. It terrified me, because it was a completely honest and scary thought. 

I am pretty sure from what I have read online that I have antisocial personality disorder. Which basically means I think I am a sociopath but I still have empathy and I want to change. Is there help for this? Is there anything I can do? I don't want to lose what little I have left in my life, and I don't want to think about killing myself. Please help. Thank you. 