I've found a new life objective.Death. For the longest time, since I was 11 years old, I wished for the sweet release of death. Never knew why I wanted to end my life, but I figured two weeks ago that I've never had a "life".  
New friends stopped coming by when I turned 10. Different schools, different personalities, never synching again. I started to grow up, and suddenly there were parties, gatherings, trending topics...   
None of which I had permission to enjoy, either from my parents or from myself. More time pass by and suddenly I find myself at the end of my high school life, graduation was coming closer and it was time to pick a major. 

But who am I? I've not lived. The only world I know is the fantasies I created when alone in my room. The only voices I recognize are the ones I made when talking within my head. The only people I've met are ideas I made up when I saw someone else's face. 

I was in a protective bubble. Never experienced anything, so I had to do it myself. Never met anyone, so I had to make them up. It is like I've been born 3 years ago when I turned 18 and my parents decided I did not need protection anymore. "Go on, live your life and do whatever you want!" they said. 

I do not know what I want. I do not know where I want to go. I do not see a future or a past. I do not have the concept of "dreams" and "goals". I've just been born. Who am I? 

Somehow, this man-baby who is writing this found himself a girlfriend. The fantastical worlds I've made brought her attention to me. I like her. I love her. But who she likes is nothing but a pretender who doesn't know what is to live. And it's starting to show. 

I've made up my mind. I will find a job and save as much money as I possibly can.  Enough that SHE will live her dreams. Although heartbreaking for her, it's what I want. Now I have a wish. Now I have a goal. And when I finally cross the line, it will finally be a decision I won't regret making.

My life goal is to die, after saving enough money so the person I love can live her life after I'm gone.