i dont want to live anymorewell, im a 15 year old, no friends, kinda bullied in school because i dont have a social group and im a skinny, not popular and not smart dude, even tho i am but i just dont express myself  
i just get the grade i need to go on, i dont study at home, and i just dont give a fuck anymore about school too, but while home i just google random stuff from biology to physics  
its a technical one, so i learn programming, in the same time of this year in the last one i was ultra-happy about it, but i just realized my teachers dont like me because im good at programming, and i know it, so they just give me a lower grade because i didnt do exactly what they said, i did more... which makes no sense, but theyre humans  
but i think i prefer school than my own home  
my dad is just a old retard, i just hate him in general, going deeper into it later  
and theres my mom, a non educated woman that doesnt do shit in life, not even work, just cleans the shitty apartment, and plays some random facebook games with a really high volume tv to make me deaf for some reason  
and i hate her, she just goes in while im doing anything and says its a waste of time... but what do i do most of my time?  
i used to play dota 2 all day, i was getting good at it, but i just realized its really a waste of time, i would be able to go pro if my team wasnt a bunch of retards who think about looking cool and not winning a team game...  
but i mostly play instruments, i have a keyboard, electric guitar, nylon guitar, steel guitar and two harmonicas  
and thats what has keep me going, even tho i cant live out of music in this shitty nation known as brazil, just look for brazilian funk, or popular shit like anitta, theres really no high quality modern brazilian music, which is sad  
anyway, playing instruments and liking from synthwave to classical and from metal to jazz are another reason to be bullied here... right? ignoring the fact that people clap their hands in the same way the only random percussion instrument of modern popular funks use, using two notes, actually one but who the fuck cares about music theory and percussion instruments right  
anyway lets talk about my dad, he doesnt understand shit about music but thinks he does, he puts some random trash like... paramore... from monsters and men? to worse trash, like modern popular same 4 chords pop music, also the sound in his car is trash, it just comes out from one side, he doesnt realize it, but after i get to school and from school my ears hurt, idk if tahts the reason behind it, or if im going deaf  
but somehow music still allows me to be happy, i just use my phone and some shitty headphones to hear to music at like 4am when theres no noizes because i cant at day because my mom is alive  
and yeah, i told them about that, in respectful and hateful manners, and they just ignore it  
but lately things have been worse, i started playing keyboard 4 months ago, and... its a 5 octave keyboard, no weighted keys, a yamaha psr e233, trash in my opinion, and i told my dad:  
hey dad can you buy a digital piano, and he bought a fucking keyboard, because clearly its the same right? i even explained it to him but he ignored it  
anyway, lately ive been getting to some really complex stuff, rondo alla turca, sonata no 16 in c major k545, fugue in d minor, getting into beethoven now, and the saddest part is that i cant play some stuff from like, chopin, and not even fugue in d minor 100%, because its a keyboard and that is a organ piece, i change octaves with a keyboard function while playing and that makes it way harder...  
also most of my other instruments are also trash, but who cares if your son is playing some stuff people should be playing 4 years into piano 4 months playing with a shitty keyboard  
also self teaching all the instruments  
anyway, going back to my mom  
she doesnt allow me to fucking close my rooms door...? and keeps making random noises + the tv while doing anything, it looks like she does it on purpose, i tell her and she thinks its my fault? am i retarded or something?  
so music has been my way out, but every time i go to play it i get depressed and shit... also my dad couldnt buy fucking alfred books or the well tempered clavier from bach for me to play, so i need to use random scores + my ears which are going to shit to play...  
i also tried composing but im trash at it so who the fuck cares  
i also tried to make a game last year and it was some retro rpg that was also trash  
but thing is, i just want to die, in a painless and easy way, i dont realy go out home, because its just a bunch of ignorant people walking around the streets and i just want to die even more and theres really no way for me to suicide i think...  
so... i would like either help to suicide or help not to suicide!  
also i feel like saying that my computer randomly crashes into blue screen every day a random moment is also a important factor  
also i dont enjoy simple stuff, like jerking off or eating... even tho they use the same region of the brain hearing music uses  
so i need help i think thats it  
also my english is trash because i didnt have formal english education, i jsut learned it by watching videos, reading random shit, etc, so sorry if it sucks