My daughters birthday is this month.. and i got her a unicorn back pack and necklaceIm not looking for attention and not.to seem cold but ive heard from my dad and until recently my gf that "it will get better" for 3 years now. i take all responsibility for my actions and blame nothing and noone but me. 

Ill try to do this a short as i can.

2010-2013 single in air force one nightstand preganancy that girl planned but i didnt know til 3 years about her.
2013 marry.
September 30th 2013 my daughter Lillian is born 
September 30th 2013 my life begins
2013-2016 air force marraige falling apart get out of there cuz family is theonly thing.
2016 childsupport of illinois child 632 every 2 weeks
2017 marriage ends.
Was living with inlaws in md and only family left is dad in tx
March 21st 2017 i watch my daughter for the last time in person.
Shes crying
March 21st 2017 my life is splintered
Limp on in tx 
Live with dad. 
Lower the support for illinois to 328 every 2 weeks
Ex support is 489 every two weeks
Average paycheck without o.t. is 17 to 39 dollars.
Try to see my daughter but ex is vindictive over infidelity 
Lose hope
Get to video her every so often
Dad completely supports me 
Company my father worked for goes out of buisness
Gets only job he can walmart greeter.
Not possible to support me now.
No vehicle 
Get rides from junky to work. 
Junky gets junked
No vehicle no junky ride no more ways to go to work.
Lost job
3 month's ago i splurged and got my daughter a unicorn backpack and a unicorn necklace.
Ex blocks number 2 months ago 
No more money no more video chat. 
My daughters birthday is this month 
Mail full of notices.
Door covered in them at apt
Words like vacate and failure to pay and warrant
Looked in mirror and saw every rib and bone.
Im horrified by it. 
My daughters birthday is this month 
Ive caused my dad n me to lose our home
I cannot lower my obligation
I have warrants for child support 
Dad says hes tired of being the one who saves us and saves us finds cheap trashed trailer
My dad says he doesnt hate me but i do enough for the both of us because
My daughters birthday is this month 
I bought her a necklace and backpack...
But i cant even mail it to her
Worst of all...
Im going to have to return them so i can get food.
It will destroy anything left in me to do it 
And i have to do it today
And i think i should just not eat for a couple more days
I weigh 111 pounds 
I will never be able to afford to fly there to see her
I will never find a job that can support me long enough to gain any weight
Any interview they think im on fucking meth
I just wanted to see my daughter 
I just wanted to give my daughter a shitty fucking 20 dollar goddamn worthless back pack and necklace
AND I CANT FUCKING DO IT
ITS MY DAUGHTERS BIRTHDAY
AND I THINK I MAY NOT MAKE IT 
i just want to make it til october 1st 
I dont want her to ever think it was her fault 
But i cant do it i cant fucking do it. 
I miss her so goddamn badly it rips me up and woth this amount taken away i dont see any other way out
I dont want to be stared at anymore
I dont want to see my dad slowly resent me
I dont want to be separated from my daughter
I was a shitty husband
I was a shitty person
I was a shitty son and brother
I was a good dad
Its the only thing i was good at.
I watched my daughter grow up through a sceeen and listened to her cry and ask me to come home
I kept going as ling as i could but im eithergoing to die in jail.
I didnt mean for it to soill out like that i just everytime i think about it it just fucking 
I fall apart
Its haunting me for years. I just dont see the way 

I dont want any fucking sympathy or pep talks im done sick of hearing it. 
If you really want to help... if you ever meet a girl named lillian and she tells you about her worthless father who abandoned her. You tell her rhat her daddy loved her and only her. And that he couldnt hold on anymore and that i i nevverr forgot her and that i bought her a unicor bakcipack and necklace