My boyfriend hurt me and now I don’t know how to handle myselfHello. I am a 16 year old girl and have been with my 17 year old boyfriend for almost 4 months. We have been generally happy besides a few bad nights. But tonight nearly pushed me over the limit.

My boyfriend are sexually active and have consensual sex every once in a while. He always listens to how I feel and respects me and my body. Well tonight, we had just finished our movie that things were getting hot.
So when we get to the final base he goes too rough and I was in a ton of pain. I say that it hurts but he just keeps on going with just as much aggression. I say it several more times before he final pulls out. He then proceeded to shove the entire thing back inside of me so that he could finish (condoms were used). It was very painful for me and I told him so once more once he was done. He shrugged and said “I didnt hear a safe word”

On the ride back he asked me “what did I do wrong?”  I told him and we started to argue. I could tell that he was holding his anger back and trying not to hurt me or himself.  Near the end of the ride he said “Ok. I get it. I’m a horrible person. I’m going to jump in a lake tonight.” I asked him to clarify further since he has a history of suicidal tendencies. He clarified that yes, he was going to kill himself.

I immediately begin apologizing and begging him not to. He brushed off everything I said.

When we pulled into my house the fighting started back up again. He tried to hug me but I shoved him away. He took my favorite lipstick that I had left and that he was going to return to me and chunked it on the ground before storming back to his truck. 
 
I ran back. I didnt want to do that. But I saw that that behavior was bad news and that I couldn’t leave him alone. 

He begins violently banging his fist on his dashboard. I hate it when he does this. It scares me and it brings back bad memories that I hate thinking about. I covered my ears and felt tears start to well up in my eyes. I couldn’t do this again.

He pulled out of the driveway at lightning speed, but stopped. I ran to the passenger door and opened it. He was hysterically breaking down and hurting himself and begging me not to leave him. 

I didn’t answer these. I told him that I couldn’t let him drive like this. He begged me not to call and mentioned that he didn’t call anyone when I had been suicidal though he wanted to.

He left. I was terrified if he would make it home safely or not. I called his parents and asked them to make sure he got home safely without giving all of the details.

The rest of tonight has been panicking and internally screaming for help. I branched out to a few friends, a few who wished to not get involved out of fear of making it worse. The ones that listened didn’t know how to respond themselves.

That’s the story. If you’ve read this far, thank you. Please tell me what you think I should do now.