I don’t know what to doI feel like I wasn’t made for life on earth. Like I was put here by mistake or as a punishment for something. I don’t belong here and I’ll never fit in or really adapt to being here. I could get into the ins and outs of why I think my life sucks, but honestly I don’t even think it matters. It’s basically the same with everyone, isn’t it? Abusive household, mental illness, blah blah blah. I barely remember any of it anyways.

Everything just feels sort of like a void and there’s an ache in my chest and a voice in my head telling me to go back to a home that doesn’t exist. Anything has got to be better than here. 
Surely I have time for my life to get better but I’m too scared to take the risk. What if it doesn’t? It hasn’t yet. The only reason I haven’t killed myself is because my first attempt was unsuccessful and I haven’t had the chance to try again. I don’t want anyone to be able to find me. I don’t want anyone to have to deal with my body and as much as me and my mother don’t get along, I don’t think I could put her through the stress of coming home to the dead body of her child that took their own life. (I also don’t think I could deal with knowing that my dog wouldn’t know why I haven’t come home yet either). 
Everything here feels so fuzzy. I’m always tired and sometimes I’ll look into the mirror and not recognize my reflection. Yesterday I thought I was staring at a whole other person and when I realized it was me I actually jumped back. I just feel disconnected with my body, with the people around me, with everything. I can’t shake the feeling that I’m just not supposed to be here. I don’t belong here, I know I don’t. And I don’t know what to do about it. 
I’ve been planning doing the deed for a while now because I want to go home. I should just kill myself and get it over with, because I already feel like a ghost in my own life, haunting the people who are walking around. I should just fucking die. Truth be told, I don’t think my mother, or anyone in my family, would be that broken up about it. 
I think I’ve repeated myself two times over so I’ll stop now. I just wanted a place to vent and I’m new here so I’m not quite sure how this works. Thanks in advance I guess? I don’t know.