I should be dead.I don't want to get into politics so I'm going to be non specific.

I was born into the grips of a terrible government. I was disappeared with my family for political reasons and spent years in what must have been among the world's most brutal prisons. I witnessed mass executions and horrific torture. I was tortured every day for years. Most people would be nauseated to hear the things I saw. I was supposed to be killed. I should have been hung there, or shot, and buried in a mass grave with everyone else to sleep forever and haunt this land.

Now my life is different. I am back in the world, and I have been for years. I have friends, I'm reasonably successful, I have an apartment, I volunteer with a couple of not for profit groups, I am in some athletic groups, I lift weights. For a while I attended religious services, though no longer. I built a new life and left the shadows of my past behind me, but they continue to haunt me. 

I feel like I should be dead. I feel like I am a ghost, trapped in the world of the living. I was slated for execution twice and survived by mishap both times. I feel like this was a terrible mistake. I don't miss my internment, but I feel every day that I should have been killed and buried with everyone else, and allowed to rest in peace and nothingness there, instead of being tormented here, cut off geographically, linguistically, politically, and in the simple matter of dead-or-alive from everyone I knew and everything that once surrounded me. I know, because everyone I talk to about this reminds me, that I am lucky to be alive, which I obviously am. Very few survived. I have an obligation to tell the world about the suffering we all endured and about what is happening. But I can't speak about what happened, I can't stand even to think about it. The idea of ever writing or speaking or even giving an interview about any of this to anyone makes me feel sick. 

I don't feel that I can exist in the world as it is. I missed so much education, and so much social opportunity. I don't know how to interact with people, or how to act in normal life. I have some friends, but even they comment on my strange behaviour and extreme awkwardness, and most people dislike me. There is a lot of gossip and rumors about me and my past. I have studied social skills and have made great strides, but I still don't expect to ever become fluent in it the way people who grew up in society are. It makes me feel lonely, and ashamed of myself. And I often find myself feeling very angry with other people, and with the ordinary day to day rules of society. How *dare* this person be rude to me when they've never truly suffered? (I know everyone suffers to some degree, but realistically my experiences have been far worse than certainly 90 percent of people or more) How pointless and unfair to expect me to pay attention to small technical rules like which type of employee uses which stairwell? I know this is ridiculous, but I feel like people should go out of their way to be kind and accommodating, and that my life now should be especially easy, because of all that I've suffered. I feel like people should be extra understanding of me because of everything I sacrificed, but I have been offered no understanding. No help reintegrating, no therapy (I have been on a waitlist for a very long time), no special support with things. I suffered so terribly and showed what was honestly a lot of strength and courage. But no one appreciates all I sacrificed for what was right, they only care about what I do wrong now.

I feel like I'm trapped far away from my real life and real world and everything that is important to me, forced to play along. I wish I had been allowed to die with my people in our home and rest forever in the Earth. I've outlived my purpose and am trapped in a world I can't be good in. 