I feel a strong desire to kill myself when I scroll through social mediaReal quick, I’m not in immediate danger, this is more of me getting something off my chest that’s been bothering me for a long time and I don’t know why I feel like this. I’m a teen boy who doesn’t have a lot of friends but the few friends I do have are very near and dear to me. Due to conflicting and busy schedules, I hardly ever see them and they’re often out with their friends if I’m busy otherwise. I also follow people on social media I don’t really know all too well but they’re in some of my classes. They all seem to have far more interesting lives than I do and they always look so goddamn happy. Even if they post something when feeling down they get a flurry of positive responses and support. 

It makes me feel so fucking empty.

I’ve been struggling with depression for several years now but most people just avoid me if I’m feeling down.

Also, everyone is way better looking than I am?

Like, I know I’m “average” looking, maybe even above “average” on good days, but I always feel like I look like a toad in pictures and I hate having my picture taken by other people, even if it’s pictures taken by people close to me like by my family or my gf. 

I feel like my life is so boring and uninteresting and no one really cares about what I have to say or do. Other teens my age have so many more followers than I do and they just post pictures of themselves or their food or their vacations or a fucking sunset over a lake. So I try to copy some of their trends but I can’t get anywhere near the 200+ likes they get.

It just feels like a giant game that I’m not a part of; a joke whose punchline is me.

I just wish I didn’t feel envious of the lives around me on social media. I know I have a lot going for me; I’m doing very well in my school, I’m on the right track to college, I’m maintaining a pretty healthy relationship with my girlfriend, and I’ve been having a good deal of fun playing and learning guitar on my own. My parents love me (even if they give me hell) and I have a job. 

So why do I feel so envious?! Why can’t I just feel normal and able to fit in with the rest?

I look like them and talk like them and dress like them why aren’t I them??

I just feel so alone with all these lives being lived around me.

Cheers.