Mid thirties, thoughts are creeping in more often, feeling manic and near the edge.I've never been depressed or had any real difficult problems in my life. I say that not to brag and know how blessed I am. I read about people struggling with horrible family, financial or health issues and try to get some perspective to my problems but it's just not working. My issues are peanuts compared to most people and I wish my brain would understand that fact.

I'm upper middle class, amazing wife, great kids but the pressure is just unbearable. My company went through a restructuring last year and my take home pay was severely reduced while health insurance went way up. I tried to talk to my wife about how dramatically this would affect our lifetstyle and she understands but doesn't want to make the necessary sacrifices.

Long story short, we've burned through most of our savings (save my 401k) and are living paycheck to paycheck. This started my downward spiral into anxiety and depression.

What exaggerated it was problems at work that are out of my control but could soon cost me my job. Even worse, I may soon find myself in some legal trouble (nothing criminal just civil) that most likely won't result in anything other than more financial issues. My wife is supportive and I know if the worst happened she'd still be there but my anxiety and fear are all consuming and lately I've been having suicidal thoughts for the first time in my life.

My wife wants me to see a therapist but I'm afraid and ashamed. It just feels like this elephant on my chest is never going to go away and honestly I'm tired of fighting it.

I don't care about the money, I grew up dirt poor and could go back to it tomorrow, but my wife came from privilege and my kids have never wanted.  I don't know how I can face them when it all goes down. 

I have amazing life insurance, they'd all be better off. I love them so much  but I don't want them to see my fail and spiral into depression. I'd rather just walk off into the sunset and never come back. 

I don't think I'm suicidal but these thoughts scare me. Ive had a few manic moments at night where I go days without sleeping due to panic attacks and think about downing the pills o have in the medicine cabinet that will finish me off or going out in the ocean in  a boat and jumping off moving tied to a concrete block so they never find me. 

It bothers me that I couldn't leave a note to risk the insurance money, but everyone would be better off.