I dont know if I am depressed or suicidal but I am definitely sad and lonelyThis is my first Reddit post ever.

I am a sixteen year old boy living in California I love video games, K\-Pop, and soccer. Recently I have been feeling very sad, lonely, and down. I have an apt amount of friends and I hang out a lot but recently, no amount of hanging out can fill a hole in my mind. I have been extremely in my head recently and that has been conjectured with my school, social, and family life. I have been told that my thoughts and emotions "mimic that of depression." Because of my feelings, I have taken up cutting, been thinking about suicide an awful lot, and pushed some of my closest friends away. 

It is really hard to explain what I am feeling but I am sure you are all feeling it too. Its this feeling that something is eating at you and everything that you used to enjoy is now not interesting. I mean I love soccer but I cant seem to get excited about the World Cup at all. I love video games but I cant push myself to play them and listening to my favorite type of music is not like it used to be. I also feel like an incredible f\*\*\*\-up. I started thinking about all my pursuits, thoughts, and goals that I have had and seen that they are all unsuccessful. I have this feeling of being a burden and I am scared to call suicide hotlines because I always feel like someone out there needs help more than I do.

Cutting is probably one of my best ways of coping. I haven't gotten to the point where I cut deep enough so that I will bleed out but where I can see marks and feel a cutting sensation. Even though it is summer season, I have to wear long sleeved shirts and hoodies which is very saddening for me. Some of my friends have noticed and I have gotten mixed reactions. Some really cared and got emotional while others just brushed it off. I have been trying to stop because I do not want my parents finding out and I have been cutting down from 2\-3 times a day to once every two days. Cutting takes me out of whatever pain I am feeling for 5\-10 minutes and sometimes can make my day. I never really understood why people think that it is bad because it doesn't hurt anyone but me and even if it hurts me it still makes me feel good.

Some of my closest friends started believing that I was too depressing and bumming them out so two things happened because of that. I have put on a sort of "mask" to try to seem happier on the outside while hurting a lot on the inside. Also some of my friends that I have bummed out cut me off and told me to talk to them when I "get better." I feel really bad for putting my issues onto other people so I can understand why I have been cut off from many people.

Probably the biggest one is thoughts of suicide. I used to think that I would never even think about committing suicide. That evolved into me now thinking about it but saying "I would never think about how and when." Now I cant stop thinking about doing it and how I would do it. The funny thing is that I have been told that I have commitment issues and thats a big reason why I haven't attempted. I don't wanna commit suicide now but seeing the path that I have been going down, I am afraid that one day it is going to be my only option. I started writing a suicide note but I only go back to it if I am feeling really upset or hopeless and I just add onto it. Suicide is really scary for me but I feel like I push myself to thinking about it a lot. There are a lot of dumb reasons why I do not wanna do it (future music that I wanna listen to, movies I wanna watch, etc.) and there are a lot of good reasons such as friends and family and a future. But there are also many reasons why I would want to do it and think about doing it. I am just scared that one day, I am going to want to do it for real and make a choice that is irreversible.

I do not know why I wrote this post. Maybe just to express my thoughts and feelings and maybe just to see what people have to say. I do not know if I would say that I have depression or that I am suicidal. Someone recommended me to start taking antidepressants but I really do not know how to obtain them and what to do with them if I get them. I don't know what to do. I feel very sad, confused, lonely, afraid, and unenergetic. 

Thank you for reading and listening to what I have to say. I do not know if I did it correctly and please if I did anything wrong, let me know. 

Thank you,

:(