I am weakLet me start off by apologizing for my tone. I have no right to do so, but I'll probably come off as fairly pissy. I wanted to make a throwaway but I can't even get myself to do that.

I know people always say, "You aren't weak, you're asking for help and that alone means you're strong." But in my case, that's just not true. I really am weak. I have lived a very comfortable life, which just might turn out to be my downfall. There are so many people fighting through so many more serious issues, and here I am, fighting suicidal thoughts over my trivial problems. I have been dealing with depression for about 2 years. Tonight I am afraid it might win.

There are a few things that have gone wrong recently, culminating with an event tonight that just pushed me past my breaking point. I guess I should start with the event. This sounds so dramatic, but I was blindsided by my girlfriend of almost 3 years breaking up with me. We had gone to her sorority formal the day before and both had a great time, we had talked earlier in the day, I was waiting for her to get out of a meeting because we were supposed to go to dinner together. Well, she called me when she got out but instead of hearing he cheery voice asking where we were going for dinner, I heard her say, "I've been thinking." She came over and proceeded to tell me she wasn't happy and felt like she didn't love me nearly as much as I loved her. This was a massive shock, as she had told me just the day before how much she loved me and how she wanted to be with me. This in and of itself was devastating, but there were other factors at play that have made this almost unbearable. My girlfriend has been my rock through a lot of difficult times lately. My dad's heart issues have forced him to quit his job when he was just a year away from retirement. My family's financial security is now gone, but because he and my mother had such a high level of income when I was signing up for college, I'm not eligible for any need-based financial aid. Combine this with the fact that I screwed around way too much in high school so my scholarship options are limited (seriously, I was so dumb. I had the flu the day of the PSAT, and at our school we had gotten to take it a year earlier for "practice." My score that time would have made me a national merit scholar, but I didn't get to take it the only time it mattered. I pissed away a lot of scholarship opportunities by being immature), and now I am quite the financial burden. There were numerous other issues with my own financial situation, grades, and life in general, but through it all my girlfriend was always there for me. And, surprising as this may sound, I was not nearly as sad as this makes me sound. We made each other happy. There was never a dull moment. If I needed to take my mind off something, there was no better way than to just be with her. Now I've lost the one thing keeping me sane. Her family has a history of bipolar disorder (sorry I can't recall the new term for it), especially on the female side, and I've noticed she occasionally has vicious mood swings. I'm really hoping that's playing a part in how she's feeling, but maybe I'm just not good enough. My head is spinning and I can't take it anymore. Feeling nothing is a lot more appealing than feeling like this any longer. There's more to this, but I can't keep my head together to write any longer. I'm sorry guys.