I am a horrible person.Not to be "humble", but I really think I am fucked in the head or something.

I was raised with both parents, they never aknowledged my  mental health, and told me repeteadly through my whole life (19 M) that I can't do things right, and discourage my tastes in life. Never got to tell them very personal things, because my narc-mom would scold me and call me names, and my father also yelled at me many times in public that I am a fucking faggot (I am not gay), and they always humilliated me when they could get a chance. 

Recently I got out of a religion in which my mother believes since she was a little girl, and she didnt talk to me for a whole week straight, and while I told her my opinions on why I don't believe, she blamed my stupid innocence (since she didn't let me do s lot of things on my own) and the fsct that "I believe in stupid things."  Yeah mom, i believed you would show me love and respect finally to me taking a stance for myself. She got my brother against me too, my little brother who is 13. 
 
She also blamed my girlfriend... and man, that hurts, she is actually the one who is doing all the saving of this piece of shit because she thinks that I am good, and God I really I am thankful to all that she has done. I broke, I tend to be very emotional and cry a lot, not that I throw tantrums but I cry of anger, so I have strong emotions. 

In this quarantine I have thought many times that I should kill myself, I do have things worth living for but My own weakness and mental health are it is hard for me with this pressure to become a civil engineer and to be a math-god at university. 

My girlfriend means to me more than myself, and today I said something that made her sad and I don't know what to do more than ask for forgiveness.... 

I trully believe I am a horrible person, because sometimes I can be pretty cold with the ones I love, friends and other family members notice this, but my girlfriend is the only thing that is keeping me sane.