I can't stand it anymore...I don't know what to do anymore... maybe I am wrong here, it is not like I want to commit suicide but... I just can't get the thought out of my head! Whenever there is a slight bump in the road I just can't stop thinking about getting out... I think about how I would do it, how I would try that no one would ever find my body, how I could just dissappear forever and no one will ever know what happened to me.

I have never tried. I don't think I will. But it scares me! It seems I always somehow end up in situations where I get so desperate to just "get out somehow"!

Is it me? What the fuck am I doing wrong? Why can't I just enjoy the things I have, be happy that I am alive and really really get it in my head that everyday is the day I might just stumble into the person I will love for the rest of your live and who will love me back, try that one new thing and find out that it is just the thing I always wanted to do, the one day where suddenly everything makes sense.

Why can't I just be glad that I have friends, people that care, I mean, really care! Even though I have locked my feelings, my fears so deep inside me that they really have to work so fucking hard to see my pain they never seem to give up on me and actually enjoy having me around.

Why can't I just be glad for those little moments of happiness where everything seems to be fine! Treasure them and just look back at those moments whenever I feel down!

I am so fucking full of first world problems and fears... I feel ashamed of myself!

I got two new job offers this week and all I feel is fear to make the wrong decision!

I can't sleep because the girl I liked and had a great time with the past few weeks went on a trip with the university and told me that she "needed to clear her head because right now she has a hard time to really be with me". Every other day she wrote me a message, saying "kisses" at the end and tomorrow she will be back and all I feel is fear because maybe when she is back she will have changed her mind and I wasted time again for some girl who doesn't want me and oh my god I will be alone and miserable for the rest of my live!

what! the! fuck! one of my best friends is looking for a job for about 4 months now, he has been single for 3 years but he just keeps on going!

And all I want is out! I have a chance to be with someone I like but if it doesn't work out, if she doesn't want me, well, why can't I just tell myself "your loss, then!"

I can choose between two jobs and if the one I choos is "wrong", ok, just do it for a few months, get a great résumé, find a better one!

I have a huge dept from university years but I can afford to pay it off, no real problem there!

But all I want is out! Everything that doesn't work out the way I want it I feel I failed! I feel ashamed! Any every fucking time, even before anything has happened I think about it.... just get in the car... drive far far away... no one will find you...

It doesn't stop. I can't even remember when it started, I feel I have always been like that! I've been on antidepressants, I've seen a therapist... for a short time it seemed to have worked... but then, something doesn't go the way I had planed or I had hoped and bam! back to square one!

maybe this should go to r/depression or r/offmychest... but these thoughts, these never ending thoughts of just ending it... I can't handle it anymore!