Heavily considering suicideI am so lonely. I feel like I was just being socially active and on the brink of happiness and then it was all stolen from me. This time will never come back. Half of the posts here people already have SOs, you literally have everything already and you post here saying you wanna die, what a joke, do you know what true loneliness is like? At least you felt love. I never got the chance to feel anything. I have so much to give but it's all gone now. I feel like my personality and everything from before is broken and will never get better. Everyone is descending further and further into smaller social bubbles and pushing everyone else out, no matter how hard I try nobody wants me, I wanted to start my own family but I just constantly feel like everyone else in the world has their own family and I missed my chance and now nobody will ever care about me. I feel like literally everyone in the world has someone except me. I never drank, but I drink vodka daily now, I take a shot every time I feel sad or regret about the past or see a post or image on social media of someone with their SO. How does literally everyone have an SO and hang out with them and take pictures even under lockdown? What the hell is so wrong with me? I realize this sounds stupid but I just feel so left behind. All I ever wanted was to give love and do something good. Even if I try to spread love, as people say, people just think you're weird for trying to break the stranger bubble and shut you out. Everyone is in their own bubbles now. 

Am I just not meant to have love ever or meant to have it when I'm old? If so, life is definitely not worth living. If that was fate then I would actually kill myself immediately. Not living through that at any cost. I was supposed to focus on finding someone this year but the world shut me out of it. I will never get back the time. By now I should be focused on other things but now I'm forever caught in a cycle of failure and disappointment at this one thing I can't seem to find no matter how hard I try.

I know I sound selfish but my mind is so broken and alone after almost a whole year of lockdown, I literally can only thing of regret and failure and loneliness. People say it will open up, well they said that months ago, we're back to square one with another lockdown, people say there's a vaccine, I don't believe hopeful shit anymore, vaccine will take many more months to arrive, this college year is just gone, no chance at relationships, next year (if it's even opened again) will just be socially distancing no clubs small classes shit, and I basically have zero chance at finding anyone. I just wanted to do the college dream, you know, join clubs and attend lectures with a SO. But now that's almost impossible. 

Even with open classes again, the 'college dream' I had is actually dead. There will never be that normal carefree close social vibe anymore. If I can't fulfill this dream then I don't believe I can fulfill any other dreams, I have so many other bigger dreams, but I feel like a failure because of this.