My last attempt, October 30, 2018Y’know it’s kinda strange and a little scary knowing how close I was to death. Just having everything end, and that’s it. No thoughts of the future, god or no god (I’m a Christian), not even life flashing before my eyes. Just seeing the forest kind of fading out and everything turning really slow. I couldn’t even tell what was happening when I suddenly stood up. It’s like I couldn’t see, but could at the same time. I had this weird feeling in my body and head. I couldn’t really walk or really see anything for a few seconds. It was either blurry, or kind of pixelated. I can’t really describe it. I was slouched limp against a dead tree, with a skinny rope and towel around my neck. At first I couldn’t do it the first couple of times. But then I just hung. Y’know you’re doing it right when you’re not gagging, but you feel a ton of pressure on your head. Just not being able to breathe, without small gasps of air or gagging is just really strange and weird. I was just slouching there, waiting for it to happen. I was thinking “Yup this is happening, and I’m completely comfortable with it happening”.  Then next thing I know my legs spring up. That’s when everything kinda went weird, it’s hard to describe really. It’s like pixelating a image a lot, and then blurring it out, well that’s the best way I can describe it. I think once I sprung up I was trying to get the noose off of my neck as fast as I could. I couldn’t really remember that much, for a few seconds, like I was drugged or something. The strange feelings only hit me once i stood up, I guess it was my body going revival mode or something. This was my second time of course, first time I was no where close. The weird and scary thing is that I was a few seconds away from ending, maybe even milliseconds. I was on the verge of blacking out, and if I did that would’ve been it. No one knew I was out in the forest, and it would probably take them a bit to find me, even though I was by the chicken coop. It’s just, I don’t know. I’m not sure what to think of it, it seems real but not at the same time. Just going through that it feels kinda foreign I guess, well that’s the best way of describing it. I haven’t really told anyone I tried a second time except like maybe two people. And I don’t talk about this bit but I choose hanging (well slouching) because it’s the safest option (Ironic). You have the ability to stop yourself, or if anyone finds you after you black out, you still have a bit to go before you actually die. These thoughts don’t really come anymore, but sometimes they come back from time to time, more likely if I’m feeling pretty low

So yeah, I don’t know, it’s just weird I guess.

02/03/2019