I don't understand how I always end up back in this positionI've struggled with depression and suicidal thoughts since I changed schools at the age of 12.  It was fairly bad the entire time I was at that school (6 years), and then in college I started going through phases of feeling totally fine followed by very dramatic drop offs back into depressions. I had been on an up for a few months, but then I graduated, had no job and had to move back home, and have found myself getting so much worse.

My family life is toxic, and there's no love between me and my parents, or me and my siblings.  My weight has ballooned because I've been overeating to cope with all these negative feelings.  I'm in a program to get a masters of accounting, but I won't be done and able to get a job for 2 years.  Until then, i can't afford to move out (I live in an area where rent and cost of living  is too high to work a minimum wage job). I feel so hopeless and out of options.  I found myself looking up ways to kill myself without even thinking about it today.  My boyfriend knows I've been suicidal before, but pretends I've never right it up.  I have no support, no job, no money, and no friends who live in my area anymore.  I was always such a smart kid, went to a good college, got good grades, but I'm such an impotent failure these days.  I'm scared of what I'm going to do if I can't keep going through the motions for 2 years before I can leave my family for good.  I'm scared of what it means to be with a partner who can't or doesn't want to deal with my mental health problems.  I wake up sad in the morning, because I wish that is never had to stop sleeping and dreaming.  I'm such a cliche, but I just don't know how to cope with this anymore.  It's like depression is an ocean and I'm standing in one place.  I can handle the low tide and I think it's gone away, but the high tide comes and I can't do anything to save myself.  I don't know if I have the courage to actually kill myself, but it's so scary to feel the desire to do it again.

Edit:  I just got into another fight with my parents.. I can't  do this anymore 