Just to vent, I guessI feel embarrassed for writing this, but I feel like nobody really cares anyways, so I might as well write. This morning, I woke up and I felt the overwhelming urge to take my dad's gun out of his room and shoot myself in the head. I don't really know why. I don't think I've always had suicidal thoughts. For some reason, this year has just been a lot harder for me than any other year. Although I'm told that I'm a very charming and cheerful person, I feel like I'm completely unlovable. I'm twenty years old, and I've never been in any sort of romantic relationship in my entire life. People don't seem to ask me about it, but I feel like it needs to be said. I'm sick of hiding the fact. I've never even held hands with a girl. Not even once. 

I can't say I have any friends, either. I only really talk to people when I'm in the same classroom as them. Sometimes, I chat with them on Facebook, but that's incredibly rare. Something about me is inherently off-putting to a lot of people. I just know it. I feel like people don't want to have anything to do with me, or if they do, they are only trying to humor me in order to make themselves feel better. Whenever I try to talk to anybody about how I feel, they tell me to stop being dramatic, then proceed to ignore me. Their lives would be better without me. I wish there was a way to die without affecting those around me. I don't have nearly enough money to pay for my own funeral.

At the same time, I feel like I'm afraid of dying. A few months ago, I found a discolored spot on my skin that I thought was melanoma, and I panicked. I think it's strange that I'm so willing to entertain the idea of killing myself, and yet, I'm so afraid to die. The furthest I've ever gotten to killing myself was dry-firing my dad's gun into my head. I don't think I'd have the guts to do it if I knew it was loaded. Anyways, today, I felt like I needed to at least share some of my thoughts with someone, and this site was the one that I came across. 

Sorry that this is so negative. It must be miserable to have to read through all of these on such a constant basis.

Honestly, I don't feel like I have any real future. I feel like a complete moron. The school I'm attending is intended for people who are considered flunkies by any real academic community. Sometimes, I feel like I should have gone to a real college instead of a community college, but I'm too afraid of heading into debt. I'm also afraid that if I do attend a reputable college, it will only prove to me just how much of an idiot I truly am.

Anyways, thanks for giving me an opportunity to vent, even if you never read this.