I think I will fall again in this... 

Ahem...I don't really know how to start and to be honest this is my first time of doing something like this...First of all I almost feel like I'm not myself, like I'm playing a role. Since my Elementary school I've been through many things. I was and I have the impression to still alone. I only have few friend, like 2 or 3 and everytime time I lose them for many reasons... The distance, our way of acting et being ourself. I just don't know if it's me or just the other the problems and more I think about it more I have bad thought.

I always was a shy person but even so, I never was the type of guy to hide things and most of the time I say was got into my heart. Around 1 year ago, I confessed to the girl I loved my feeling and she anwser to that in a good way. This was a step for me to be less shy and more active with my friend.

After many months of relationship, it's wasn't like before. She was more distant with me and when we talk, it's was only because I engage the conversation. If I wasn't doing this we weren't talking around 1 months or more that this.

Around February, I decide to broke up with her , even if my feeling still there for her because it's was to hard for me to be in this situation. I already was mentaly depressed and my relationship with her wasn't good for this. So Even if it was hurting me so much I make my choice and do this until I get to a point that I nerver reached.

At my birthday (March to not precise too much) My mental hasn't changed and I know from a friend that she was cheating on me since October (I've start dating with her around July 2018). My feeling for her couldn't handle that and I tried to kill mysefl with a Knife but I failed because some reasons let me think that it was stupid.

Today my Mental Health hasn't changed really much and I really don't know what to do. I think I'm not to far to retry a suicide and after trying over and over I failed to tell about my problems to the person that I love...

I...starting to think that my life isn't worthy to continue anymore....