Soon to be homelessNot doing well - like 6 months ago my partner and I (and our 3 cats) moved from a small town like 30 minutes away to the metro in with my "friend" A.C. , we were there 9 days and then she kicked us out because of reasons like I "dressed like a slut" and I rearranged some cleaning chemicals so I could fit my things, among some other asinine reasons. 
I'm pretty sure she just wanted to take our money and kick us out from the get go or she's just that crazy.

So we moved in with my kind of friends G Rockwell and P Estes - not to stigmatize mental illness but we all have Borderline Personality Disorder and P was a diagnosed Narcissist and sociopath. P Estes was disgusting and would constantly leave piss and shit on the toilet seat, they never cleaned up after themselves (but I never said a word, we were just there temporarily and I didn't want to get kicked out) 
We had another roommate with an outside cat and it gave my cats tapeworms, I freak out about having to clean all by myself - everything had to be cleaned including the pantry bc the cat slept in there alot and on the countertops and such. P Estes kicked us out after giving them rent the day before (even though when we originally were promised we wouldn't need to pay rent).
It was dramatic, and awful, we were "disrespectful" for suggesting they were unclean. 

We were there for a month and a half and moved from the metro to live with his parents temporarily out in the country.

It was a nightmare they are Fox News brainwashed Trump supporting Christians. His mom's a piece of work - hates other women, slutshames, and fatshames, Is homophobic and transphobic. Which all made me extremely uncomfortable.

She would always need to do laundry all of a sudden when I was doing a load or needing to use the kitchen when I wanted to cook. It wouldn't matter the time of day so I started staying up till 7 am when they got up and sleeping until 4 or 5 pm  if possible. It reminded me of living with my own mother and I hated it.

We were there for 2 months  ish 

Then we moved into a trailor next door on August 11th - by the 21st our landlords were trying to evict us because - Backstory: we made an anonymous report when we first moved in with his parents to the Environmental Protection Agency about the landlords dumping illegally into a natural creek on the property, stuff like roofing tiles and just general trash.

The 21st of August is when someone came out to serve them papers and even though the report was anonymous they immediately blamed us and have been harassing us - an actual nightmare.
Threatening us and saying they'll burn the trailor down and sending neighbors to tell us to get the fuck out and that we are unwelcome.
We'd move but we don't have the money and I don't have any friends or family willing to take us in - I've reached out to everyone I can think of everyday for a month. 

I keep hoping things will get better and then they just don't - I had to rehome 2 of my cats when we moved from the metro in with his parents - and I may have to rehome my last one. Which I never wanted to do - I love my cats like my children. One that I had to rehome I had for 8 years, I feel so guilty but he needed a more stable home he was blind and really wasn't handling our previous moves well - he was losing hair like fistfulls. 

All around, it's been a bad time on top of Covid making everything more difficult. 

I'm so overwhelmed.
Thank you for reading this if you did.