Low point in lifeSo today (Halloween) is my birthday, birthday number 32.

One year ago, I had had a rough year already but I had no idea it was about to get so much worse.

On December 11th last year, I was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis. It's not bad — yet — but it does not bode well for the future. While there are a number of new medicines, there is no cure.

I had been engaged since May of 2013, and she had stuck with me during some really shitty times. We began planning our wedding in February of this year, and it was set for September 19th. My bipolar disorder was too much for her to handle, and she finally left in June.

Now today, my birthday, I've found myself finding out that the person I've seen for 3 months, a person I could really imagine a future with, is kind of in love with someone else.

On Monday of this week, I was hospitalized against my will for a major psychotic episode.

Needless to say, things are not looking up. It was hard to imagine my 31st year being worse than age 30, but somehow it was. Things were really looking up in 2013 — after years of really deep depression, I had found myself in a really good relationship for two years, proposed, and it felt like life was getting started finally. It's hard to imagine how 32 will be any worse than 31.

On this past Monday, I came to with a bunch of cops and firemen around me. My ex-fiancée and a friend had called in a safety check on me because I had been non-responsive. The funny thing was there was a bright red noose hanging in my apartment, but somehow nobody said anything about it, not a single cop or anyone. It was the most obvious thing in the world. I was still forced to go to the hospital, though, because I had taken too many sleeping pills.

So…I kind of feel an inevitability to suicide now. I have for a long time, but it's crossed a line into being more inevitable, if that's a thing. This rope I have is something I bought back in March, back when the wedding was still a foregone conclusion. This is a person I had been really shitty to in a wide variety of ways, but of course I miss them more than anything in the world now. Among many reasons, they got tired of me always being suicidal.

I had a great life ahead of me — after I proposed, we moved to New York and the Netherlands together, and I was working on master's degree. I dropped out of that program and spent the next 6 months in a depressed state, barely able to function, keeping her isolated in a foreign country. Then we moved back to the U.S. and she had a lot more to put up with over the next year. You can't blame her for walking out. I was always suicidal, always have been, and to a large degree I've gotten myself to this point because I wanted to have a reason to push myself over the edge. Well: good job, me. I've done that.

Any other bipolar people reading this? And any others that feel they've ruined their life on purpose in order to get themselves closer to suicide?
