Lost hopeHello. I'm an 18 year old community college freshman male living in a middle class home. I've been extremely depressed since seventh grade when I tried to make friends and they all betrayed me by hacking my accounts in videogames, spreading rumors about me, or pushing me around to appear superior in front of the more popular kids.

I've never had many interests. In seventh grade I started playing World of Warcraft to escape my problems. Until now videogames such as this one have given me a sanctuary when I can't handle school or my social life, which admittedly is minimal. I have two brothers and a sister. One brother is in the Marine corps. the other is a delinquent junior in high school, and my sister is six years old. I am closest to her and don't really have a relationship with my younger brother because we are so much different. But up until recently I have been experimenting with alcohol to subdue these feelings. My older brother and I talk a bit and when we do it's generally about videogames. My parents for the most part are good people. They tell me they love me, which I turn a stone cold shoulder to. I don't accept love in my life at all, I can't trust anyone.

The feelings of depression probably come from my lack of contribution to society and my family. I am a bum. I am jobless and I do not even have my license yet. I am constantly reminded of this which perpetuates these negative thoughts. My family isn't doing well financially. We could hardly afford community college because my mom lost her job for a completely bullshit reason. She was basically framed and accused of stealing narcotics from her work (she's a nurse). Her co-workers didn't like her and this is what we believe is the motive for this accusation. Anyways, my parents are constantly telling me i need a job, and I agree. Part of the reason I'm depressed is because I fully understand how many opportunities I have, and how I could be contributing so much more to the world, but callously decide not to due to laziness. A few hours ago, my mom pulled me aside while I was browsing reddit and basically told me I have a decision to make. If I don't decide to see a psychiatrist to diagnose me with some sort of personality disorder OR I don't get a job by January she will kick me out of the house.

Being an already introverted person that hates human intervention as well as prescription drug influence on my behavior, this is a huge dilemma. I am at a level of depression that is debilitating. I had a job for a few months last summer and I hated being around people. I was a dishwasher and a restaurant and constantly being low on energy because of this depression made most of my older coworkers not take a liking to me, which was not unexpected.

I am emotionally cold and can not show affection to anyone in my family for some reason. I am angry at them for no reason and intentionally act like a dick to them just because I can not let myself be vulnerable.

Basically, at this point in my life, I have become so depressed that I can not function normally. I am constantly tired and everyone notices. I try to flirt with cute girls in my classes, but it takes me so much time to make a move because of my low confidence I end up missing out completely. Being forced to do all of these papers in comp class and all this math homework and presentations to give while being hounded by my mom to be more affectionate (which is extremely difficult for me, at one point I was almost diagnosed with Schizoid personality disorder). I can't handle all of this, and in the past few hours I've been contemplating just ending everything. I have given nothing, and don't deserve anything. I am a burden to my parents to take care of because I sit around while I could have a job and help pay the bills. I don't talk to anyone in my family but my little sister even though I should be being a good older brother to my younger brother who's basically on his way to jail (he deals weed, smokes it, disrespects everything my parents tell him to do) but my parents value him over me because he is open to discussing how he feels, whereas I don't share any feelings with anyone. I am thankful for a lot in my life but I have trouble expressing it because I don't want to inflate people's egos with gratitude (I know it sounds stupid but it's really hard to show respect to people when they do things for me unless they're a stranger). I know there would probably be some mourning if I were to go through with this, but after a year or so my family will realize how much they've saved by not having me around. I can not handle all the responsibility brought on by being in college and working. I can hardly handle school right now because my depression renders me extremely unmotivated. I know this is a standard rant about depression, and I know I am just a lazy American with no desire to work. But if anyone has anything to say or any advice to give me, it would be extremely appreciated. Thanks so much in advance.