What is wrong with me?I originally posted this in AskReddit last week, but didnt really get much of a response. My condition has got significantly worse since then. Here is the original post:

 &gt;Lately, I have noticed changes in my behaviour, whether it be subtle or not. For example, whenever I watch a TV program or web series that I love (Firefly and The Guild to name a couple), I become really, really involved, almost like I am in love. I really want to be a part of what I am watching, and when it finishes, or I have to stop watching to go to bed or whatever, I get really depressed, and i mean depressed. I lose motivation to live my life like a normal person, and I turn into... well, an introvert I suppose. I hate my life as what should be a normal person, and wish to be part of the show/an alternate life.
&gt;My second problem is; I think I have OCD. Now, before you get all pissy on me and accuse me of jumping on the "i has ocd derp" bandwagon, i'm not. Recently, I have started to do things like this: Tie, untie and retie my shoes every half an hour or so, for no apparent reason. I just do it, like clockwork. I have also started to get really upset whenever I lose something, even if it is trivial. The other day I nearly had a breakdown because I lost the freaking sponge that goes on my microphone. I had restless sleep for 3 days until I found it.
&gt;Now: I'm going to clear a few things up. I'm not super popular, and I spend most of my free time at home. I have a group of friends at school that I hang around with, but I rarely speak to them at home, although I do have friends from the US and other countries that I speak to online (I suppose it is kind of like a double life), and my family love me like any normal family would, so it's not that I am lonely, but I just feel like it sometimes, and increasingly more often recently. My grades in school are great, I'm passing in everything, but I hate school, but what teenager doesn't. I am 15, male and I am from the UK. Also, don't just say "its just your hormones blah blah blah", I know it can't just be that.
&gt;So please help me figure out what is wrong with me. Thanks in advance.
&gt;TL;DR: Please read it.

Anyway, since then, I have frequently thought about ending it all. The only thing stopping me is a friend, the only person who knows how I am currently (minus the suicidal thoughts). However, I don't think that I can keep her happy much longer by staying alive. I just feel like shit at the moment, and I honestly don't know what else to do.

Please help.