My manly body is making me suicidalA few days ago I heard about Emily Hartridge, who died a few days ago and seeing her UK size 0, super feminine body with 0% body fat makes me want to starve myself.  She then wrote that she worked out and yet despite working out she had the tiniest cutest little arms that are a 1/10 of the width of mine and the tiniest thighs with a giant gap.  She looked way cuter and more feminine in a dress than I do.

I wish I had a female body and not the body of a large man with a 34 inch waist.  I have 38 inch ribs, and a 34 inch waist and saggy "moobs" despite being female meanwhile she had beautiful 24H boobs and her tiny twiggy arms were probably strong enough to lift 400lbs.  Meanwhile I can't lift a feather and I would end up with my600lbslife sized arms if I went to the gym based on how large they are without working out.

I am jealous on how she was able to brag about working out and still look like a WOMAN?  Meanwhile I am sitting here with a manly 60% body fat and unable to look nice in a dress.

Her "natural" pictures look more beautiful than the "edited" pictures of r/instagramreality.  

Honestly if I went to the gym I would have my600lbslife sized arms and legs and a 50 inch chest.  I am obese and I look like a guy.  Most obese women have six packs, giant butts and boobs and twiggy arms (even non-celebrity obese women do) means while I look like a middle aged man.  I wouldn't look like a beautiful ultra feminine model like she did.

I just want to give up, I am built to look like a fat man with a babyface.  I am embarrassed by my extremely masculine body and excessive body hair.  My 38C breasts look like small moobs on a fat guy, resting on a giant beer belly.  How come she never had body hair (apart from the head), stretchmarks or cellulite but I do?  I look like a fat, balding middle aged man with a mustache who somehow developed cellulite.  Most fat women's arms multiply in width after working out, which means mine will probably no longer be able to fit in clothes and I would have to cut giant holes in all my tops.