What can one say [trigger warning I suppose]I [32A] talked yesterday with a friend [42M]. We talked about many things but we touched on how we both are much closer to the edge than far away from it for different and similar reasons. How we both feel so overwhelmed and hopeless and how we both feel like we are getting on each other's way. We probably are codependent of each other so that might be part of it. 

Anyway, his reasons are because he's frustrated about how everything seems to be not only not letting him succeed but also the odds are conspiring "against him". He feels alone and like he's the only one doing everything so things stay afloat and no one cares to even ask if he's ok. And yeah I can actually see that.

My reasons are similar in the sense of feeling like in trying to be the pillar of a situation where if I'm not there everything will just fall apart. Among other things for both of course, it's obviously not the only reason for loosing all hope but yesterday it was the main theme we talked about.

He told me that if he ever does it it would be to plainly get a sort of revenge or stab against everyone, almost maliciously. Just stop one day no matter who it affects and take a break himself, enjoy everything he likes before ending it forever and ideally it would be a wke up call to everyone. I myself confessed that I'm kinda doing  something of the sort, or at least I'm closer to being in that situation since I just stopped doing some things even to his own detriment. 

We know each other so well. We are so similar. And yet we still gotta say something in that moment to not die I guess. What can you say though if we even know we are screwing each other and yet we cannot work without the other because we have both looked for solutions outside ourselves but none have appeared. We are both too stubborn, too egotistical control freaks and needy for what the other have. like we are giving life support to each other. We also totally agree on our suicidal thoughts, reasoning and justification and we feel like we are not entitled to stop each other from doing it. So what do you say when I'm not even joking on thinking of proposing a suicide pact. If he does though he'll leave behind his baby and wife mostly, his mother would be devastated most probably, both of his pets will loose their support. If I leave my father already told me that he will just kill himself too and my mother will just likely will follow from sadness, my own baby (my cat) would probably not live much longer either because they'll just forget about taking care of her.

Like I said, we would like to get revenge on the people around us with the most nefarious intentions because they are just as doomed as well as being part of the problem even willing to affect innocent individuals because it doesn't matter really, it's like keeping the shit loop simply because we exists as good people so others can just dump their responsibilities of being at least decent directly on us so they don't even have to bother, therefore we if we go everything just falls apart and we cannot carry the boulder any longer, it's crushing us and it doesn't matter if we make our concerns be known because they get completely ignored for convenience. We are close to getting over the edge by so little. And yet I have to say something....

 So I said that we are still here though because we would have done it already. And we're still here because we want to believe that there has to be at least something. That we cannot believe is possible that everything is so shitty that we are pretty much dying. We are still here because we cannot fathom that is true. That's pretty much it. I suppose we only have a faint spark of hope we latch on as last resort. It's almost nothing and it can extinguish at any second but... Idk, I can't say with any amount of happiness that is at least something.

In the meantime I have prepared my noose and tested it a bit. I think it would work for whenever I need to end it all.