6.11.17sunday
june 11, 2017
6:22 pm

to whom it may concern,

it has been brought to my attention that my mental illnesses are too heavy a burden for the people in my life to bear. i always thought i would make it through this, that i would live to prove wrong those who did not believe in me.

it seems that i am the one who was wrong.

life is not worth living if my illnesses will only push every meaningful person away. i have been so strong and survived through so much, but i cannot handle another person abandoning me. i care so much about the people in my life, and to see them leave, only to come back and then leave again, is far too much to handle. i cannot take it any longer. i am tired of living in pain.

a written will won't be necessary, as i have nothing left to give.

i'd like to thank:

s.b. -- for being my best friend, always being there for me, and never failing to make me laugh, even though all i wanted to do was cry.
g.j. -- for sticking by my side throughout the years, even though i haven't been able to see you in person since you moved to south carolina.
l.c. -- for caring about me for so many years, and doing anything you could to help me. please thank your mother, father, and sister for me.
s.g. -- for taking me in after i was hospitalized the second time. you made me feel like i had someone when i felt as though i had no one.
s.d. -- for always being so incredibly kind to me, even though we haven't talked in forever.
j.z. -- for standing up for me no matter what, regardless of whether or not we were friends at the time. for that, i am eternally grateful.
s.g. -- for spending time with me when i was feeling extremely lonely, and giving me a shoulder to cry on.

i'd also like to thank l, k, and s, three of my internet friends, for supporting me from thousands of miles away.

some other people i'd like to thank, possibly the most important ones, are my mother (r.w.), grandmother (a.p.), father (r.w.), and sister (j.w.) along with my uncle (r.w.) and aunt (p.w.). thank you for never giving up on me, even though i have given up on myself.

i'd like to give a special thanks to the friends i made in psych hospitals, partials, and intensive outpatient programs. particularly j, t, k, m, m, a, a, e, and h.

finally, i'd like to thank a few people who are no longer in my life but were extremely supportive for the short time that they were:

e.m.
n.b.
s.h.
m.m.
m.r.
g.h.
e.v.
p.d.

you all have a very special place in my heart. i am so sorry if this brings you any pain, but i have decided that it is time for me to be selfish for once. people who are suicidal are selfless every single day just by continuing to live for those they love. after doing so for many years, it is my turn to be selfish, and end my suffering, even if it causes others to suffer.

all i ask of everyone is that you do not blame yourselves, and that you do not let my decision to end my life cause you to end yours. 

i love you all and i am so unbelievably sorry. 

yours,
k.r.w.

may god forgive me