i don't know what to doi fucking hate. this fucking feeling and thoughts and not being able to think. i don't know what i want. i started and stopped this so many times my hands feel like they're dead. i can't think fucking internal dialogue just won't stop. bhenchodh the pain man, i feel guilty for drawing attention to myself, i feel angry that i won't let myself that leeway, i feel angry for being able to SAY what the fuck's wrong, like it's a fucking crime. what the fuck. i feel sad, and sickened for even saying this, because i know what i'm going to hear is going to be sympathetic. i feel guilty for not being a complete mess and not just saying everything all the time, i feel like wanting to speak words as they come to me, and i'm angry at myself at trying to be coherent so other people will get it. i wanted to describe how a few lines back i had to stop because i was crying, and i felt like i was being pummelled with emotional pain, kneading fucking tears into my face, but i feel sickened to be describing it that way, like i'm lying when i'm not, they're just words for fuck's sake. i don't want to feel like this i can't fucking stand it i don't know what to do, i don't know how to explain it, it's like half my brain's rioting at this. i don't know, man, fuck. i just want some rest, i need some rest, i don't even know what that would be. what the fuck is this, it's taking me all my will to not throw my laptop across the room, and every time i try telling people i disown everything i said because i tell myself it's not me, i'm lying, this drama, it's too coherent too easy. i think it's easy? wtf. i didn't know that. my hands hurt every word feels hard to type now that i know for sure i'm gonna try to send this. i feel like i'm going insane, i feel like screaming at myself. i read this back and i feel sick, i don't know what the hell is going on but i don't want this anymore, i can't just give this away, i don't want it. i don't know what i mean anymore. i'm really tired, i need to work. i need to read. i have a book i need to finish/study. my insides feel like they're twisting and i can't stop procrastinating. i don't know what to do. i just want someone to help me think. no, i don't know what i want. i feel like i'm being run over with emotional pain , but i can feel it.