5 Years Later. I hope this helps you with your struggle.It's been five years since [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/dltcq/no_throwaway_account_its_me_i_need_help_the/) happened. I've always thought about deleting the post, until a user recommended I post an update. Redditors have messaged me checking in, but it wasn't until others started messaging me in similar situations that I decided I should post something and let people know where I'm at in the world.

To be honest, I've tried to really move past that post. To forget about it and almost treat it like it never happened. I don't want to ever forget the lesson, I just want to keep on being the person I am today. I still have those thoughts. I still sometimes go to a dark place. But now the place isn't so dark. Now the thoughts don't come as often. Now my life is a million times better.

Let me clarify. I'm not rich. My money problems aren't all solved. I've had some pretty intense lows since it all went down, but I've also had some incredible highs. Some amazing moments. And a lot of it comes from what happened five years ago. 

When you reach a low point in your life, you start to realize just how truly special everything is. How every moment has something spectacular in it. How you come to appreciate things you've never appreciated before. (This is why comedians seem so incredibly amazed and disgusted by the world. We are all Pagliacci. Or Louis CK.) Food tastes better. Books and TV Shows pop from the screen. Just breathing clean air and walking amongst trees has an entirely new meaning.

I worked at it, little jobs here and there. Sometimes making some extra cash running errands for friends of friends. I took another job, got laid off when they closed shop and left without a final paycheck. I was truly lucky to have family help however they could. I had friends that used my situation to take advantage of me and bilk what little money I had. I guess I'm trying to say there were ups and downs. 

But I didn't give up. I had a gift. Every second I stayed alive was a chance at a new experience. Every second I kept on going meant another chance things would turn around. People lifted me up and kept me on my feet. People knocked me down and told me to give up. I had to find what it was that kept picking me back up again, and for me, it was the experiences. The stories.

I'm married now. Who knew? She's incredible. I have a steady job! I'm living in an amazing new city. I'm pushing myself to get healthy and I'm trying desperately to finish my writing. But I'm getting there!

It took time. And it started here. At /r/suicidewatch. People reached out to me when I needed help. Even with a kind word. Or a little effort to save a stranger. And as I struggled along, people continued to reach out. There was a time where I didn't want to hear from people. I didn't want sympathy or help. And it came down to thinking I didn't deserve it.

You deserve all the help you can get. If you are breathing and you are reading this, then I believe you can get past whatever demons you are facing. Know I'm rooting for you. Need someone to talk to? Send me a message. Post here. These amazing Redditors made all the difference in my life five years ago, and it's highly likely I wouldn't be typing this right now if it weren't for them. 

5 years later, and no matter how many times I said and thought the opposite, I am so very, very grateful to still be here.