I tried to help a friend in need and now it drained all the life out of me.Just a note I have a cup full of bourbon that I am sipping now. I don't drink normally.

A friend I knew for at least 7 years I found out was/is in dire straights. She has been in and out of in patient treatment/ out patient treatment, therapy, psychiatrist. 

She contacted me about a month ago to visit her at her parents house. I relented and went, she wanted to move back to the major city she was, she moved back to her parents when shit hit the fan. She wanted to go back to life. I tried to help her but I myself have been depressed for many years &gt;15 but I never told her. ~4 years ago though my brother was murdered by a drunk driver. Somehow I survived that to be stronger but I lost my ability to feel and show emotion. I tried to help her because she was in bad shape and felt that if I did not reach out she might actually kill herself. So her mother and I worked out a plan and she moved back. 

I guess this is important as well. She was in a 3 year relationship with a guy as well but he left her because even he got sick of it. But he still occasionally texts her.

I tried to help her as a friend. I did not particularly want to be in a relationship with her but as I spent more and more time I started to feel again and it hit me like a ton of bricks waking up from the stupor that I have been in since my brother died.

I stupidly suggested that she go to a indie movie at a film festival with me to try to get her out of the house. When she moved into the large city she became a shut in. Since the place the movie was shown was a few hours away someone suggested that they stay over their place. She started to warm up and started to be the person I remembered her to be. She allowed me to feel happy and she was happy and somehow that's when I started to have feelings for her.

She wanted to go visit her mother this labour day weekend and I off handedly said maybe I would go again. She took that as a yes and told her mother before I could take it back. I go up there, she immediately turns sour. She changed, I am not sure. Weirdly I hung out with her mother more while she became reclusive in her bedroom. Her mother had these arts and crafts for her to do but she didn't want to but her mother and I did them while she sulked in her bedroom. She got to a point where we were supposed to head back sunday but she said to me, I think you should go back by yourself and I will stay with my mother. Her mother was telling me to bring her back. She then professes her love for her ex boyfriend when she realizes I started to have feelings because I slipped and mentioned that "I enjoyed spending time with her" the day prior.

I tried to keep my mouth shut about that and she kept pestering me to say what I was not saying. I kept telling her I would tell her later hoping she would forget. She would stand in front of her doorway not allowing me to leave. I told her after she basically forced me to tell her that I started to have feelings for her. I was going to try and suppress them and really try to get her back to her normal self. This was a problem that I was going to sort out with myself and did not want to burden her from getting better.

I just got home from the 4 hour drive from her parent's house. I texted her as she requested when I got home. I said I can't do it anymore and asked her not to contact me again. She tried to but doesn't realize that I already blocked her. 

I knew I was playing a dangerous game and everyone got burned. I was in an okay spot and she didn't realize she drained me everything. 

Its been at least 2-3 years since I've had these sw feelings. I am not going to but damn if the ideology looks mighty tempting tonight.

Someone please say anything. I know I fucked up too. Someone say I fucked up.