Stressed (technically self-imposed) and ready to give up.Hey, sorry if this becomes a bit of a ramble, or seems kinda silly. I mostly just need to vent, and maybe get advice if anyone has any.


I've been planning my suicide to be on Wednesday, the 11th of July, but part of me is reconsidering, yet I feel like I'm screwed if I don't do it.


I'm mostly scared of hurting my family and my friend, not to mention potential costs and the trauma that I imagine would come from seeing any person dead, though I'd try to have it be as clean as possible. I'm also scared of it failing, since hospitals aren't cheap.


Moreover, life has been relatively decent recently, largely because it's summer break. For me, tasks such as washing dishes, showering, or cleaning my room aren't a problem at all like it can be with other folks -- and I am very grateful I have the energy for those things. Yet at the same time, I struggle to do the things that actually *require* doing.


See, I'm going into my senior year of high school, and the schoolwork has piled up because I can't get myself to do anything. I've never dealt with stress well, which makes me procrastinate more, making it a hellish cycle of never getting anything important done. I still have a lot of work, and I really don't think I can get it done in a month (for a bit more context, I'm in a somewhat high-pressure honours programme, so we get more work than the average class). And although I do try to get started, nothing I read seems to register. It's essentially in one ear, out the other...though I guess that phrase doesn't work with eyes. I try to start working, and I just *cannot* concentrate. I just remember everything else I have to do and shut down.


It seems really melodramatic -- and no, it's not *just* because of schoolwork -- but I cannot handle this stress. At all. I'm so scared of hurting anyone, but the stress is tearing me apart, and even if I manage to accomplish all that, I still have to go to school, which always makes me feel significantly worse mentally (especially because trying to talk to people sometimes makes me freeze up or unable to breathe).


I'd like to be able to talk to my parents about it, but last time I told my mum I was suicidal (when I was around 11-12), she just told me to go to sleep earlier, gave some meaningless platitudes, and never really talked about it again, which really didn't help much at all.