Out with the old in with the new but I’m still here even though I should be gone.Well here we go boys, a new year is just around the corner; another year to massively disappoint and push away the ones I love. What a fucking year, 2018 could suck my dick. A year where I pushed everything in sight away, and once I was finally realizing my mistakes and trying to correct myself with people who cared about me; I fucking left to the middle of nowhere to start my own personal downward spiral again. Thankfully one of y’all the only good things that happened this year is that I got a good enough man that doesn’t notice that I’m disgusting and horrible. And even then I’m probably just an over emotional sack of shit with boobs attached to it to him. And to be frank, I deserve that, I deserve worse. I’m a constant disappointment, I can’t hold a single conversation, I’m so detached from the world that I can’t understand simple concepts (surprise surprise pastelpisces most people don’t want to kill themselves on a daily!!! And nobody wants to hear your depressing shit most of the time if ever!!!) , I’m constantly rude and nihilistic, and I push everyone away to protect myself. Go ahead bitch, protect yourself by trying to starve yourself of social interaction!!! That’s worked out before hasn’t it!!!  But hey at least 2019 is here, maybe I could fix myself, or do what I always do and try my best to ignore the problem and become a burden on others. But I can’t accomplish that, I can’t accomplish anything, everyone I know either hates me or is going to hate me soon. I can feel it like how a deer can smell fear, they’ll hate me and leave me alone like I deserve. If they know what’s good for them they’d leave me to rot and die in 2019. Bottoms up to any unfortunate souls reading this and reflecting on how bad you’ve been this year and how bad you’ll be next year. I’d join you in the drink but I’m not even old enough to drown my sorrows in copious amounts of alcohol. Here’s to 2019 another year of being a depressed and disgusting human being, maybe I’ll actually punch my own ticket next year. 