Regreting being a musicianI quit college cause i wanted to be a musician. My parentes disagree but i didn't listen, instead i quit college.
The first time got home my father told me i was a dissapointment. My whole family was shocked cause anyone wouldn't expect something like that from my father. I tried not to cry so i run towards my room but halfway i lost it. I am a 19 yr old man that time so crying is something a man don't do.
After that i decided to show him that i didn't do something wrong. I bought a notebook, write lots of songs and researched lots of poems. After months of practice i showed him 3 of my songs, and he was amazed. That time was fun.
I uploaded the songs in my yt channel like my father said. After a month he asked why i'm still not booming, i answered " it's not gonna boom in just a month " ... i don't think he understood.
After a year my sister graduated, we were all happy. They were joking that this time i have also graduated, i just give them a laugh as an answer but inside i was offended. I keep on writing songs and recording them even without good or even cheap equipments. After a year my highschool friends starts graduating and posting traveling pics around facebook while i'm here seating infront of my laptop and recording songs alone in my room. My father kinda notice that and becomes impatient of me. He said to me to take a look at my friends about how they have their lifes straight, i wanted to shout at his face cause he keeps on doing this almost everyday but i won't cause i still respect him.
Months has passed i feel like i won't make it to the big industry. I feel like my father was right all along. I was regretting things and thinking of it doesnt help me sleep. Everyday i started to sleep at 5 am excatly and slowly i found my self drinking. This time i knew that my father have his point. I should have stayed in college, graduated, have a job and doesn't worry about money. My father and my grandma said i'm worthless. My sister started to say i'm worthless, then my brother who is still 15 says i'm worthless. I just keep hoping my mother won't ever gonna say those things to me too.
This is rockbottom. I was fit then but now i'm so thin i'm always tired. I hate my family but also loved them. I can't sleep even if i locked my gadgets and guitar away. I deleted all my yt videos. I tried drinking lots of medicine but it didn't worked, i only got a stomach ache.
Now I got nothing to prove to anyone anymore and I don't think i need to...


Just saw an accident on my way home, I wish i was the one driving