Can anyone help me or direct me in the correct path?I’m a 20 year old male living in the US that has recently became suicidal. 

I think about it often, but no to often because I know how it would effect all the people in my life that I care about. I’m a really good human at heart (think so anyway) and really wouldn’t wanna put grief and that feeling on my family, friends, and girlfriend. I’ve had a couple people commit suicide growing up, it’s not good. 

Growing up, I had my sad days, gloomy days, etc... But had never really been depressed. Until I hit age 19. A lot of people don’t have s cause, but I have a cause/reason I’m so down. And that’s what fucks with me. It can be fixed, but I can’t get it fixed. 

April of 2018 I started to get what I call brain fog. It makes my thinking cloudy. Can’t remember shit. Stopped driving due to the brain fog because I almost caused a couple major wrecks. Can’t work because of the same reason. So that slowly dragged on until new things started to appear. 

I was very dependent on my intelligence/sharp mind with my day to day life. It’s how I made friends, drove, worked, social gatherings, etc. Today makes almost 2 months sense I’ve left my house, but that’s really a short time for me. If it wasn’t for the little tiny amount of hope I have left, I could have easily went a year without leaving my home. 

Now, this all started in April of 2018. On the journey from then, to now, I have a list of problems that’s no one seems to care about. 

Purple feet when sitting 

Frequent heart palpitations 

Brain fog 

Fast heart rate when standing (only on some days) 

Exercise literally makes me feel like I haven’t slept in days. 

Fatigue. 

Use to, exercise made me feel alive, awake, good. Now, it makes me feel like I haven’t slept in days. 

That’s what my suicide idea came from. I’ve had my life taken away it feels like. I can’t even exaggerate it. My family and friends keep saying it’s anxiety, but I’ve had anxiety for 20 years. I’ve lived in my body for 20 years. So now, I don’t even argue with them anymore. I just let them think that it’s anxiety. 

It burdens me and makes me so angry that I could be working, driving, going out whenever I’m off work, but I’m stuck at my house binging fucking TV like I have been for almost 2 years letting life pass me by because of my health. 

I’ve had a range of test, blood test, sleep apnea test that I got privately because doctors wouldn’t give me a referral (I now currently have a referral), heart echo, kidney ultrasound, head scans, colonoscopy, etc.... 

 But there’s something they are missing. My life was not like this before when I had anxiety. Anxiety made me scared and figity and hot.  Not incapable of sustaining a life. 

And when I tell my doctors about my problems, they write it down in there computer and just look at me. I went from my original doctor, to a new doctor, back to my original doctor because nobody would tell me anything. 

I’m sad. Angry. Fed up. And now, suicidal. I just want my life back and would do anything to have it back. Literally anything. 

What do I do guys? Where do I go from here? It’s hard to get appointments because I can’t drive anymore so I rely on family. 

Any help is seriously appreciated.