slipping again, help me get up pleasehey all. 23, male, from a "developing country". this is not the first time i'm losing the grip, i always find my way out but this time i feel like the kick is as strong as the first time, so i think i need some guidance. if you're interested in, please, don't skip a single word and kindly read this. it'll be an interesting read for you at least.

first of all, a little background: i had problems with social anxiety throughout my teenage years. i had put a lot of effort on having close friends and romantic relationships. but my last year at highschool i've changed and took the reins, i had so many friends and lovely life companions. then everyone left one by one, because university happens. it was hardest 2 years of my life getting over this mixed depression-anxiety.

another thing, i've always felt i don't belong in this country. i never feel like myself when i'm with my so-called friends, i feel like i have to act around them just to survive and live on. so i've always dreamed about escaping. but adulthood sneaked in, and i've started to accept that i'll never follow my dreams.

but something happened this summer. i've decided to visit a friend in a different country. it changed my whole life. it wasn't the cities i've visited, it wasn't the fun and sex i had with people. no. it was the people i have befriended there. i've felt if i was born again, that social mask i've created at home wasn't needed among them. so i decided to finish my last year at uni at home and move to there next year. because like i said, after so many hard years on trying to find good friends i've found probably best people i've ever met. and best part is before i left, they also love me very much, and told me they've never met such a person in their lives. i don't think they're being just kind, or else they wouldn't spend a full 2 weeks with me day and night.

oh and yeah, there's a girl. didn't have much time to spend with her but she's interested in me a little and i can say we're friends, so it's much more than i could ask atm. at first i thought i like her because it's another country but actually it's not. she's not 10/10 hot, she's not a perfect human being just like any of us, but i think i like her in person very much.

anyway, i've decided to go back there in winter again for vacation, because like i said, i'm planning to live there in near future. so i've found a job to save money, i'm very focused on finishing uni, and i feel more social. as if i had an alter ego which is exactly opposite of who i thought i was for years, and now this more social, less anxious and "better" person is me.

problem starts here. as soon as i stepped on homeland, people started to disgust me. most of my friends graduated/on vacation, so there's no social life just when i got used to it after years. even if there was, it'll be with people i have problem getting along with. so my misanthropy kicked in. with it came the anxiety. and since i also feel lovesick in a weird way, i'm afraid of losing her and all other new friends. every evening i get home from work, i want to call her and just listen to her speaking, and get rid of all problems in my head. but she has a busy life, and there are thousands of kilometers between us. i've realized best thing to do is keep talking with her, getting her better slowly, until i get back there in winter.

but all of this is a heavy burden on me. when i look at the calendar, i feel closer every day but also the burden feels heavier. especially starting from this week, i feel more anxious, more "old" me. i feel like that darkness starts to sneak in again, i feel lost, weak, almost broken.

all these years i've learned that i need to talk with people at moments like this. but my friends here are really bad at listening to me. my new friends are on vacation. and i don't wanna scare "her", choking her with text messages and personal problems. so at the moment, i'm slowly sinking deep, having stupid ideas about giving up on everything, and, you know...

no tl;dr for lazy people. if you have read this post and you feel like giving it a try, please, help me. i don't wanna be an anxious/depressive, grumpy, lifeless waste of skin again.