Need advice on how to deal with belligerent, suicidal transgender sibling (22) that refuses therapy and tells my parents to kill themselves at least once a week. Worried that mom will actually have a stress-induced heart attack.I'm a 20/F with a 22/MTF trans sibling (that we will call B). Also important to note that B lives alone 3 hours away, with no friends nearby. B is currently employed and has started HRT 2 months ago. I have a more detailed post on my page for those curious for details.

About 6 months ago B came out as trans. Since then, B has had mental breakdowns and lashed out at family members on almost a daily basis. We had a religious upbringing, and despite my parents trying to be supportive emotionally and financially, B constantly blames them for not having done puberty blockers years ago, before my parents even knew. B has issues facing the past, and has an impossible fixation on "lost time" that they feel my parents "owe" back, and can only be repaid monetarily or through my parents' tears. "Vengeance", as B says.

In the past 6 months, my mother has received the brunt of the emotional abuse. B spams her phone with texts filled with insults, suicide threats, threats to her, and more. B has even gone as far as *to tell my mother to go kill herself.* B telling my father to go kill himself has become such a norm that they both mutually hate each other. Though both of my parents try to remain patient and respond with kindness to these texts, it has taken a severe toll on their mental and physical health, as well as my own.

The texts range from "this is all your fault", "you never should have had me", "I can't stand living anymore", "I want to kill myself", and "I want to die", all the way to "I hate you", "I hope you die too", "I don't care what happens to you", "I wish I could shoot you", "I'd kill you if I could", and to my father last week *"I wish I had a pistol so that I could kill you."* 

B has been to a few psychiatrists, (all funded by my parents), but nothing seems to be helping. Encouragement to get involved with the trans community, getting help, trying to look forward to the future and reconcile the past, tough love, kind support....nothing seems to get through to B. I don't know what to do anymore.

I feel so alone in this. I'm depressed again. I'm worried my mother will actually have a heart attack from the stress B has caused her. She has even complained of chest pains that worried her, on top of constant depression, crying, and inability to concentrate on work, or enjoy life at any capacity. My dad told me he doesn't care if B lives or dies anymore. Our family has broken completely.

Somebody please help.

