Too annoying to miss...It's hard for me to feel like I'd be missed at all if I were gone. 

I can't keep friends.

I'm always labelled as too clingy or too moody or too emotional.

Family seems to only want me around for money or to use as a scapegoat or babysitter.

I'm certainly not a good enough girlfriend to keep around apparently.

I'm ugly. Proved by a group of girls who just took my picture today while I was trying to drive home from getting food and started laughing. I didn't think anyone would actually do something so mean. Normally I would've brushed it off but I feel so raw lately.

Best friend is ignoring me again. But that's no surprise. See above.

I don't feel like I can talk to anyone because it's just so sad. *I'm* sad. But then I bottle it in and this happens. I feel like I have nowhere to turn other than complete strangers because the people in my life are either tired of me, leaving me, or it's only a matter of time until they do.

I don't feel like I fit the image of a good person. I'm not evil or bad but when you picture a good person, I'm not usually the first image that pops up. Obnoxious. Needy. Clingy. Emotional. Idiotic. Clumsy and just chock-full of mistakes.

I've been trying to reach out to my best friend and for whatever reason she's still avoiding me. I can't for the life of me figure out what I did wrong. Especially since I had just seen her a few days ago and she and I were just fine. She gave no indication of being upset.

The only ones I want to even live for are my little brothers, but just like my little sister, it's only a matter of time before they grow up and distance and want nothing to do with me. 

This isn't going to help. I know it. Pouring my heart out like this.

I've thought of dying so many times. I've pictured an empty funeral more times than I care to divulge. I just don't know what to believe but I'm almost certain that at this point me living is a liability and hindrance to everyone around me.

Hey, if I'm gone, that's one less person to worry about spreading the disease right? More air for everyone else? Less materials wasted. Less resources used. 

I don't see any good in me sticking around.

So if nothing else, at best this is a plea for help. Conversation. Genuine. 

I already know how I would want to go. I hear train is pretty instant.

I just want someone to tell people I tried. I really did. It was never successful but I really tried to be good.