I am close to the edge, but want to be pulled back...Please listen to my story, and offer advice... I am so alone. I don't really want to burden anyone else, but, well, I feel like Im sliding toward my grave and my fingernails are the only thing stopping me from falling in, and I need help. 

5 years ago my father passed away, and my life just started tumbling out of control. My Dad, despite his faults, was someone who loved me so very deeply, and I miss him so much. So, in deep depression I tried to take action to make it better, quitting my job and using my inheritance to go to mental health "spa" to try to get my mind together. Using a combination of exercise, diet and therapists I felt better than I had in years, and while there I met this beautiful, awesome girl and fell in love… I then decided to move to New England, and we had so much fun together.

Unfortunately, since then, the relationship crumbled late last year, I havent found a job, I lost 2 close friends (1 to a heart attack, 1 who killed herself after I turned her down for a date), my car was repossessed and all of this was because I found myself in a crushing depression. I went home to my Moms house for a week, and she saw how depressed I was, and sent me to her therapist.

I came back to NE, and saw a therapist weekly, and starting about 2 months ago slowly started to climb out of depression, and from the looks of it my finally started getting better.  I had a great job interview, and believe I will get the job next week.

But, then things crashed.  I havent had any money for a few months, and I am now being kicked out of my apartment, I have no place to go, and since I am so close to being health and having a job, I called my Mom for emergency help, needing to only last one more month, and she not only said no, she told me not to contact her.

So, I am now only totally broke, have no idea where I am going to go Sunday, I have been vomiting from stress, unable to sleep, can barely eat, and the only thing that pops up in my mind is suicide. Bad things just keep happening, and depression is ruining my life. Just when I think Im escaping it, something smacks me down… and I am so very tired.

I don't want this to be the rest of my life. I don't want to homeless. I am so ashamed.

My friends have distanced themselves, My sister calls me immature and tells me I need to grow up, my Mom wont talk to me, my brother has his own load to carry, and my therapist doesn't see past the surface.  Reddit, I cry all the time. I look at the tool I want to use to kill myself, and know that it would only be uncomfortable for like a minute, and then nothing would hurt ever again. I know suicide would hurt everyone around me, but how long can I last feeling like this.. Im just so tired.

I even went into a church today ,and begged God for help. Nobody answered so far.

I just want to crawl into a pile of love and heal for a month, I need love.. Im so alone,  but there isn't anyone out there who is loving me.. whats wrong with me? 

Im sorry for rambling, I just.. I don't know what to do anymore, and don't want to burden anymore people with my sadness, or my life. I just seem to let people down all the time.

Help.