Anyone got tips on killing oneself?I've been suicidal about 12 months. Done the crisis housing, tried starving myself, have sat crosslegged on main roads, tried to OD on an assortment of drugs. Guns are impossible to come by in the UK. The closest I've got was when someone tried to mug me with a knife and I pointed to an area on my neck I'd like the to puncture and they ran. 

I was in crisis housing when I was hysterical. Violently upset, and impulsive. Now I'm mellow and just bored. The equivalent would be if I was about to being engulfed by a ball of fire would be: Hysterical 'Oh Fuck!' - My current bored self would stare blankly at it. 

Life isn't bad. It's just not worth it. Like a Michael Bay Movie, I'm in the movie theatre and I want to leave. It's just not for me. I have good stuff going on, I just find it very hard to care. 3 months ago I quit smoking weed. Thought it would help my suicidal urges, nup. Kinda made me wanna go more, as being stoned would make me think about shit that isn't to do with my life until I ran out and had to be sober. 

I moved in with my girlfriend, and thinking it was a great relationship, I fear her coming home. I make dinner, but she's not hungry yet and can be aggressive even though I tried to do good. 

I have a cool job, but the amount of pressure I'm under to excel my career is crushing. I also can't identify the areas of my skill set to develop to succeed either. It's the job I've always wanted, it's the dream job because if I did anything else for my living, I'd have driven into trucks at 90mph on my way to work. It's the only think I can bare to think about doing. 

I have no hobbies. My job is often misunderstood as a hobby. I play music as a career. Don't want to get involved in sports incase of personal injury. Used to like video games until I completed fallout 4 for the 10th time and realised I've achieved nothing. 

I feel misunderstood, obsolete, useless, bored, miserable, impotent, hopeless, scared, left out, sick, ashamed, more feelings come to me and different times. Usually when I think about one of all the aspects of my life I'm positively sick of. 

I like diazepam, weed, and painkillers for drugs. Anyone know a combo that's lethal? Don't want to go out wrenching or sweating my nut off on anti-depressant a MDMA. A gun would be cool if I knew how to get one with out it being risky as balls. 

Don't really have friends that aren't my girlfriends friends are musicians I play with. Parents are as emotionally intelligent as the drill sergeant from Full Metal Jacket on this subject. Ive spoken to everyone I can and nothing makes it better. Ive moved cities, I've quit my addiction. Life is still black or at best grey at times. Everything is more work than its worth and I just want to cease to be. I smoke 30g of tobacco a day beckoning the cancer to my lungs, I eat no veg the rare occasions I do eat. I am not helping myself stay alive. 

Please anyone know a calm but sure way of killing your self? 