What's the point of it all?I hate going to school, trying my best, and getting D's for my efforts. My parents scream at me and tell me that I'll never amount to anything because of the fucking D's. They're just ink blotches on a piece of paper, what do they even mean?

How can my entire life be judged on one single letter? Is is it just me, or is something wrong with that picture? 

When I was younger I was happy. I wanted to be a vet. I would draw pictures of animals and even had an empty jug of grape juice that I would fill with dirt and place random insects inside of it to watch them develop and eventually die.

Nowadays I dream of being rich, having a big house, being famous (who doesn't). I voice my dreams to my parents, and they shoot me out of the skies screaming that I'll never achieve my dreams because I'm getting D's and C+'s in school.

Fast-forward to grade 6 and my dad tells me that I'll never be a vet because I got a C+ in Math, among other terrible grades. It's just ink on a fucking 8.5 x 11 paper.

I walk around the house, campus, and public with a straight face because I've never truly felt comfortable with my situation in a *long* time. My brain is filled with thoughts of what the fuck I'm going to do next if I get another D. My smiles feel awkward, and my frown is turning into a permanent wrinkle between my eyebrows.

I think about school and I can't wait to get it over with. If I don't drop out, that is. But what about after that? What do I do after I walk across that stage for the last time? What do I do? What's the point? 

My cat is the only person who cares about me. He wakes me up at 7:30 in the morning every single day. I haven't owned an alarm clock in 3-4 years because of Sporty's morning habits. He greets me when I get home, and he purrs beside my ear when I try to fall asleep at night. He's 10, and aging quickly. I remember when I first got him in November. He was small and could fit in my hand. Now he's big, fat, and requires my entire upper body strength to carry. Once he's dead I don't know what I'll do. I want to get him cremated so I can carry his ashes around with me forever. 

Everyone I know crucifies me for playing video-games. They are my outlet. When I tell them I play World of Warcraft they roll their eyes and scoff at me. Is WoW somehow worse than watching Jersey Shore re-runs every single night? How come no one understands? 

I'm left-handed. I have a crazy theory that all people born left-handed will turn out to be successful and worthwhile citizens in society. Off the top of my head, Matt Damon, Eminem, Barack Obama, Tom Cruise, Curtis Jackson, Oprah. I look at my life and all I see is a future of failure, heartbreak, and misery.

Thanks for listening.