I just need someone to listen to me...Back story: I'm 18, I've been suffering from depression for 3 or 4 years but I don't want to go back to the doctor because I'm scared that they won't take me seriously and think I'm just another teenager. I have never talked about my problems to anyone else because when I try I freeze and am unable to say anything. Over the past couple of years, I have tried to kill myself over 20 times including pills and alcohol and trying to drown myself. 

Now to my current problems:

I came out at gay when I finished my GCSE's at 16. All my friends said they didn't care and all but within 2 months, I only had 2 or 3 friends that would still talk to me. When I went back to the school to pick up my GCSE certificates, about 100 people, all my old friends and classmates included, started shouting insults like faggot and queer, right up until I was 5 minutes down the road and couldn't hear them any more. My best friend at the time stopped talking to me about 2 or 3 months after this incident. My other friend at that time still talked to me and did right up until October 2011 when he stopped talking to me and started doing drugs and all sorts. 
When I went to a new school after a year to start my A Levels, I made new friends, and they would come out with me and smoke weed and such, but then a month ago, they did the exact same thing as my other good friends did and just stopped talking to me, unless they need me for something, usually to ask me for a cigarette.
At this same time, a month or so my last friends, had a baby. Now I understand that they had a baby and all but they just stopped talking to me as well. It's not even that they've not had time due to their child, but they have been going out nearly every day and had time to themselves, but nothing. Now, I have no friends that will talk to me and the only person I've talked to today is my mom and that was about 3 words.

I'm in love with a straight guy in my school. I would talk to him and say how I feel, but I'm scared about what will happen due to my year group in school consisting of a whole 25 people who are all very good friends with each other, plus the way they get on with each other consists of finding something to make fun f someone for and taking the piss out of that for a long time. If I did say anything, my whole year group in school would hear about it within a day and I won't be able to stay there for another year because people will go on about it every day. I can't go to another school as this was the only one I was able to go to since I was previously doing a electrician training course somewhere else.

I'm also poor as fuck. My mom has a lot of health problems and is unable to work. My dad works a job that earns just enough to cover the bills. I've been trying to find a job but somehow, the people with no qualifications at all get picked for jobs instead of me. All my clothes are borderline too small and are at least a year old. 

I'm sorry about this rant and I thank you for reading it. It took me 3 hours and 20 cigarettes to finally get written out.