Here's a Dramatic Pre-Suicide NoteSex is my obsession, I’m a porn addict. I masturbate and watch pornography every day, often on multiple occasions throughout the day. It’s been this way since 7th or 8th grade. I need to masturbate or else I don’t feel normal, but it doesn’t cut it anymore. I need something real, I need to love something, someone. I’m never going to find it. I’m void of emotion and anything remotely human. I’m morbidly obese. I have acne and sores all over my body. My father has sores even worse than I, to the point where I’m concerned for his life and the possibility of lethal infection. Genetically, this tells me that my skin will only get worse. I don’t think anybody in the last 6 or 8 years has been attracted to me. Today I laid in bed from 11am to 3pm, just curled up repeating the phrase in my head, “I want to die,” over and over and over again. I’m so alone, I spend most of my time alone, most human contact is forced and involves some sort of transaction. I’ve been lightly suicidal since the 7th or 8th grade. The idea has always been there, especially in rough times. I’ve always had the feeling that I’m not good enough, in middle school I realized that suicide was an option, it was always there as a way out. The only girl that’s ever liked me is my current obsession. She liked me in middle school and I turned her down because I thought she was ugly. This is literally the worst mistake I’ve ever made in my whole life. This person still and is currently in my life, and she’s by far the best thing in my life. I do anything I can to spend time with her, when I’m around her I feel calm and feel like I can tell her anything. I just want to do anything I can to make her feel loved and special, but she doesn’t want it. I’ve told this person I liked her and found out she’ll never view me as anything more than a friend/brother figure. I would marry this person in a second, I would go to the ends of the world for this person, but she has no intention of ever loving me or being attracted to me. I love her, but not enough to let her go I guess. God or the universe or maybe even luck gave me many chance for success in my early youth and I fucked it up. I feel like my whole life has been a series of missed opportunities. I had an opportunity to get a full ride scholarship for music and I turned it down to instead study science, yet another fuck up. Now I want to go to school for music, but I’m so rusty, I’ll never be good enough. I can’t look at myself in the mirror. My life is constant anxiety and lethargic wasted time. I gave up on science in my studies at college. I hated it, I only did it to maybe someday get a good paying job. I’m planning on going to school for music, but I’ll never be good enough to make a living off it. I don’t have the focus or intelligence to study anything. The only reason I can go to college is because it’s a business that does everything it can to make money, and my grandparents happened to be rich and willed me a lot of money for education. I have an amazing blessing that most people will never have, and I’ve already fucked away 3 years of time and money; time and money that could have educated and benefited a worthier person. I didn’t plan on writing a suicide note, but I guess this is it. A few months ago, I was planning on killing myself with sleeping pills, mainly as a cry for help. I wanted to die, but also didn’t. I knew that I would either die, which might be nice, or gain the attention of anybody that loves me, which also might feel nice for a moment. I didn’t buy the sleeping pills because a lethal dosage cost $60. It’s funny that I’m so cheap that I would back out of a suicide attempt due to money alone. Ironically, I’m going to spend around $200 on a shotgun tomorrow to blow my brains out. I don’t want to put on a show anymore, I just want to leave this world. I really want to die, I’m ready to see what’s on the other side of this physical world and find out if I can leave this cycle and prison of life. I don’t want it anymore, I can’t handle it anymore. To all my friends and family, I’m truly sorry if I’ve brought you any unwanted feeling or emotions, but this is my life and I didn’t want to live it anymore. This is no reflection against you all, I love you all very much and enjoyed every moment, I just couldn’t stand being around myself. Happy travels everybody and chin up, this world isn’t that important anyway. 