My story i guess20/f/worthless
At first I want to say I'm sorry for the chaotic writing, bad english and 0 sense to this all. I have been thinking about my life a lot these past months. I'm not sure if it's worth fighting for or not, if I can ever be loved or I will just suffer more and more years to the same end. I have said to myself that before I would ever do something to myself, I would want to complete some steps, some foolish and little, some bigger, writing my story- at least some of it- is a step on my journey towards the end, whether it will be good or bad.

I was born in 1997. My mother always wanted a nice little happy family. My father was a lazy dork who never really wanted or tried to accomplish anything. He already had 1 children from his previous marriage and he abandoned it saying "the kid didn't like him". He then married my mother and had my brother in 1993. They had me in 1997. My father then got very depressed from having children, saying he wants to have fun in life and move out. My mother had tried to fix the marriage and help my father overcome his problems for almost 1 year, when she got anonymous call saying that my father already has a new girlfriend and he doesn's appreciate my mother bothering him with the kids. She begged him to consider how it will impact on us, living in broken family but my father insisted nothing would change for us. My mother became very mentally unstable afterwards and she had been mentally abusing me and my brother. She had anger issuses, bulimia, hard depressions... She often yelled at me and was telling me how useless and worthless I was and how she never wants to even look at me. I remember many times I was hiding under beds, behind closets, furniture- crying praying so she does't find me. Christmass and birthdays were the worst. Not only my mother was nerved out as much as she could be and flamed me since morning, I also had to visit my father, with whom I had about 0 relationship, he was a stranger for me who never said a nice word towards me and his girlfriend didn't enjoy my visits either. It was a huge sharade really. I remember she turned off the heating system in the place we were supposed to sleep in her super tiny apartment just to fuk up the kids, lol. In about 2004 my mother had found her new love. I will continue to call him Steve, because I don't enjoy saying his real name. He was abusive, drunk alcoholic, manipulative and very very nasty and filthy person. He had been many times in conflicts with police for assaults/theft, he was famous all over the city for abusive behavior towards women, he was kicked out from brothels severe times. Anyway my mother was in love, so she married him, even though everyone was against it. My grandparents begged her to not do it. So he lived with us in second floor of my grandmothers house (2 rooms, 1 bathroom, kitchen). He didn't live with us for very long as he not only abused my mother and me, he also flamed my grandmother hard, so she kicked him out, which I could never thank her enough for. Even tho he didn't continue to live with us, my mother spent as much time with him as she could and he visited us. He has beaten my mother up a few times, but mostly he was just mentally abusing her, threatening her and us. I remember I lived in fear for years after he moved out. They had gotten final divorce and farewell in 2014 and at this moment, he's serving sentence in prison- however I can't say for sure, who and what crime had gotten him there as he enjoyed many crimes- such as driving drunk for years after he lost his license- after drunk driving. But back to me, I started suffering OCD symptoms shortly after my mom had gotten married to him and it arised when my brother wanted his own room in the house, so i had to move in same room with my mother, on same bed as Steve used to sleep. Same matress, same ugly filthy bed. Every night I laid on it and tried to sleep I have had thoughts of him. Laying in the bed with my mother, having sex with her, cumming all over the bed... Of all the shits he had done to us through the years, of how he hit me and my mother never gave a damn. In 2010 I had mental breakdown, I just couldn't take it anymore. I started feeling like everything in the house was filthy, all my belongings, all walls, all doors, all windows, all furnitore, everything. My mother felt guilty so she didn't force me to be taken into mental hospital, instead she had made my grandma give me 1 room downstairs, so I could stay home and get psychiatric ambulant help instead. I lived on my grandparents bed for almost 2 years. I spent most of days showering myself, then trying to come my new room, without touching anything else, even air... And in the room i poured as much water from bottles as i could. At first in front of the bed and then inside the bed. And I did so all night, all day, everytime I had a bad thought, I poured water on myself. U can imagine the matress was soon flooded with water and moulded, but it was clean, right? I was clean, I was finally good, I was finally safe... I have gotten much better in years, I could even touch doors and I didn't pour water on myself anymore, untill 2015 when I had broken my leg and I couldn't take all the stress from hospital and I started getting worse... Since then I'm stuck at home, never going out, never talking with someone irl, I don't trust my new psychiatrist and I have 0 hope. In 2016 I have gotten so much worse I can't leave my room except for shower and then I pour water on myself in my room again. I don't know what to do anymore. I can't deal with my life.