So I've decided not to kill myself. (don't upvote)I'm sorry if this comes off as a wall of text. I'm also sorry if this is rambling and non-nonsensical. I just wanted to write this down.


I was going to kill myself, but I decided not to. I've tried in the past. Over the past few weeks I've been getting closer and closer to going through with it. I realised that if I were to do it, I'd only ever do it spontaneously. It's just the way I work. I wouldn't set a date, or a plan, I'd just up and one day decide that today's the day. I'd been thinking about that, and I wondered whether it's the right thing to do, you know, to make a note. Like, there are a lot of people in my life, important people, family members, friends, people I knew when I was a kid, who made an impression on my life. I'd just like to say something nice to them. Tell them that I appreciated them being there. Telling my family it's not their fault, that sort of thing. But then I realised that if I did it months in advance, or even years in advance, it'd be horribly macabre to do so. And there are so many people that I'd want to say goodbye to, that I'm hoping, that if I ever did decide to write a note, or whatever, then by the time I'd written the things I wanted to say before I go, I'd have changed my mind. Right now I don't want to die. I'm quite keen on living for a bit longer.

I've just been pressing on for the past few days though. I came home from college to see my family because college work's been getting the worst of me. Anyway, I was walking around my neighbourhood, and I realised so many different things reminded me of times when I was happy. Passing a piece of graffiti I told my ex about once, that sort of thing. It was kind of upsetting. But I got in, and I happened to start listening to music. I know the whole constant-novelty-seeking type of midnset that websites like reddit foster does have a horrible downside, but for the past 8 years or so, ever since I got the net, there's always been one song that I've been playing more than others. Like the song you like so much that it makes you hate it, then you find another one. Anyway, I ended up stumbling towards I've just seen a face by The Beatles and it reminded me of the last year of highschool, when everything was much better. I was the top of my game, taking my running seriously, gotten into an Ivy League college, class president, and (soon-to-be) valedictorian of my school. I organised prom, and we had a great time. Just listening to that particular song took me back to that. I'd done a lot of work to get to that point. I'd already battled with eating disorders and self harm and the rest of it, but I pulled out of it. I managed, coped, and eventually, started to succeed. And I know that if I can turn my life around like that once, I can do it again. I can get back to where I was emotionally, physically, and academically, one small, tiny fucking piece at a time. So I've decided not to kill myself. Hopefully I'll be able to update you all in the future. My life has been crumbling around me for the past year and a half, but now I want to set about putting it back together.

If you read all of this, thank you.

WT