I need adviceFirst off, a big thanks in advance to anyone devoting the attention to reading, as well as responding to this. 

Long story short, I messed up. I moved from a developed Western country with decent living standards and better opportunities to..elsewhere - as a teenager, without first completing my education beforehand. At the age of 17 with thanks to the retarded regulations of my current country of residence I 'study' alongside underdeveloped 15 year-olds in 9th grade, in a language I barely know the essential basics of and all because I "didn't pass 9th grade here" despite the fact that I did so years ago in another country, and without passing this grade (which I most likely won't if bribing for exam results isn't an option) I cannot progress further into an advanced level of education. As a result of this country's education system I alongside many am forced to 'learn' what I can frankly call a bunch of bullshit which will make little to no influence on my future everyday life and is far from parallel to any of my personal interests. And why 'learn'? Because I undersand little to nothing of any such material being attempted to be taught to me. This academic year of being mistreated by both the classmates and teachers alike whom I have to dread the sight of 6 days a week will most likely go to waste and be in vain.

If that wasn't bad enough in itself, at present I am undergoing this early identity crisis. While others manage to discover their vocation from a young age and work towards fulfulling it, I only manage to lose my interest in everything altogether. I have no particular talents which I could potentially earn much from, as well as no particular passion for anything at least anymore. Throughout the long months I have spent here and moving to here I have witnessed first hand much pain of others and felt a fair share of my own, on my own skin. In undergoing so much travelling I feel as if I have seen too much, as if I know too much; as if I know too much of how disgustingly brutal this world can be and my childood prior wasn't much better of an experience either. 

In remembering my shitty childhood, and in knowing of how unfruitful my future seems due to the above circumstances I feel as if I'd rather not participate in the game that is life in this world anymore. I sadly most likely won't off myself, but I'd personally much rather that alternative than 'live' on any further. Many public speakers ranging from Sadhguru or Eckhart Tolle to Alan Watts encourage(d) people to somehow 'live in the present', but contrastingly how can one successfully do so when the present moment is so shit, as well as with the anxious possibility that the future will be indifferent if not worse? 

What should I do?

I could ramble on but I'll save us all the energy.

Sadly if I can't find from within answers of my own to such questions I doubt a Reddit user will, but I'm interested in the input of others which may help me with my situation at hand.

