I have suicidal thoughts but don't actually want to die (LONG /VENT)(TRIGGER: PEDOPHILIA /MOLESTATION) 

these thoughts have been going around since the third year of middle school (italy). i got made fun of how i dressed and since then i value other's people judgment a lot. this made me develop a really bad stutter and sometimes i can't even get the words out of my mouth because they just won't come out (selective mutism probably) and also really bad social anxiety. I'm really young and i feel that I'm wasting my childhood/teenhood whatever (I'm 15). I've been to two schools and i literally can't make a lot of friends /keep up conversations or friendships. when i go out or just browse my instagram story or just read the class chat i get so sad, because it feels like I'm just a spectator, just watching and doing nothing. they tell jokes, they easily talk to others, they aren't afraid of speaking up. even the quietest kid in class has more balls than me. this social anxiety also makes me the clown of the situation. like i want to be serious and actually speak some intelligent things or something, but instead i just say jokes, talk in a really sweet voice and i make some really cringy gestures like I'm some anime girl protagonist. 

 i also don't trust people. like i constantly fear of being molested or sexualized by literally everyone when it's not true. i think that this is because (I'm not really sure) i was molested when i was really young. there was this guy who worked (and still does)  in my dads factory that would just come to me and touch my ass. i still remember everything so clearly. all the cringy shit i did, this etc.


today i just told my mom about this and i cried for the whole day (not the molestation). i told her that i want to see a therapist and i convinced her to take me to one once this pandemic is slowing down.

 I'm not scared of dying alone, in fact i just want to be left alone forever. my biggest dream is to live in an house in the middle of a forest surrounded by trees and things where I'll just be there. but also i want to be noticed by people. (i know I'm a big ass egoistic narcissistic or something). how is this feeling called? to be ignored but also noticed? 

i don't want to die tho. i have so many things to do and want to see and death scares me tf out of me. two months ago i started an art account and so far I'm at 120 followers and got a lot of commissions, and this makes me really happy because i want to be a professional digital artist in the future. I'm also debating if i should just ignore all the relationships bullshit and just concentrate 100% on my art for myself, but like i said before I'm really young and i dont want to waste these times. 

but sometimes i think of just jumping out of the window and just "splat" even though i will never do it.

if you read this far i hope the best for you