I feel lostI decided I'm going to start writing things in my notes(on my phone) similar to a journal. I started tonight because I've been feeling pretty bad lately and tonight made everything worse. Id been looking here for a little bit never commenting or posting but just seeing others finding hope. So I here I am. Finally posting something. Here is my first entry in my "journal". I don't really know what I'm looking for in doing this. I don't even know if I will respond. I don't really know anything anymore. 



Im new to this. Probably no good too. Dont seem to be good at anything really, but ill give it a shot(lol). Had kinda a big fight with my fiancee(wanted to take names out). The whole thing almost ended. Been feeling bad for awhile now. At least a few months. Money sucks, big surprise. Friends are busy or just want to play videogames which i find boring now. I spent so much money on a nice computer and all this cool stuff for playing games awhile back and i really enjoyed it but now its just me sitting in a room alone and playing with "friends" that won't give me the time of day outside of just playing another game. Anyway back to tonight all i can do now is think how if I just died she and my mother would get a big stack of cash. I had a shotun loaded and in my hands a few hours ago. I didnt want to do it and i couldnt do it, obviously im writting this, but despite not wanting to, I feel like i should. Like everyone would win if i did. Idk. She texted me to come up stairs but i just sat there. The only reason i even got up was because i heard her coming and didnt want her to see the gun even though she heard it and thats why she came down. Of course she probably thinks im such a monster that i was going to shoot her. I feel like im a monster. No one likes me and i just cant control myself when i should. When theres a key moment in my life something in my head forces me to fuck it up. Or to act like an asshole. Ive been in bed for about 2 hrs now. And for the last hour ive been in the dark staring at table. Its dark so i cant really see anything but the trittium sights glowing in the dark are definitely staring back at me. I dont want to do it and i cant. I feel like i should. Even if i think I could and wanted to, I couldnt do that. Not here. Theres no way i could traumatize her like that. Im getting so mad at my self right now even thinking about the possibility of forcing her to see my blood and stuff all over the place. The worst part of this(for me at least) is. Im a huge gun guy. I love going to the range and even just cleaning my guns and all that. So i feel like if i ask for help im risking losing one of the only things that brings me pure joy. Im going to bed. Im sure ill check in later at some point.
I hate you.



I'm sorry. I know that was kind of all over the place but Im not great at writing or expressing feelings. I'm sure a lot of that seems dumb to y'all but idk. I really don't know when to stop typing. I feel like I have to justify everything I just said, I could keep typing for hours(this post is taking me 45 minutes now and the journal was just a copy and paste) and that is part of my problem. I really wish I didn't feel like this. I feel like I need someone to talk to but at the same time I don't think I woukd commit suicide even though I feel like it's a solution. Your time is probably better spent talking to someone else on another post. 