Almost went through with it.Recently I found out allot of things. They pretty much hit me all at once. I found out the for the first time in our 4 year relationship, my wife cheated on me. Out of spit and because I partly pushed her away by acussing her of cheating because of my panic attacks and paranoia of ever losing her. It wasn't anything that I can't get over as it wasn't serious. They never physically met or talked over the phone. It was just a bit of texting and snapchatting in a way that no just friends would. But, like I said it's nothing I couldn't get over. I am 20 yro male with depression, axiety, bpd, and add symptoms of cognitive distortion. My wife is 19 and has axiety which she doesn't take her meds anymore. And anger issues. And we have a 3yro daughter. I found out my wife has been texting this person on Monday and I couldn't control myself and almost broke my hand by punching a wood chair that was close to me about 6 or 7 times. I didn't want to cut myself anymore or kill myself even though I threatened it. I found out when my wife was gone and wasn't going to be back for a few more days. In those short days until the last one I was going crazy. I wasn't able to sleep or eat and since a month ago I have gone from 181 to 169. On the say my wife came back I was so excited to see her. And didn't want to know a whole lot. I just wanted to talk a little bit and that is what we did. I felt a lot better and today we had a night out planned for dinner. It didn't go so well because of not feeling like she wanted to eat. She has low self esteem like me so it's hard to feel good and go out to eat. We came back and talked more and she told me that she didn't think it could work out because of how guilty she is and how much she doesn't deserve me. And she has felt like she doesn't deserve me even before she did this. And how many times I explained that I deserve a chance to work with her on it she didn't think it was best to waste my time anymore. When we got to the end of talking and feeling like tonight will be the last night of my life because I can't live without waking up to my wife and daughter everyday; she said to give her the night to think about it. She is so upset of how she has treated me and how good I have treated her that she wants me to be with someone who deserves me. I cannot live without her in my life. I have expressed that countless times and after sitting outside I asked her to come outside and we talked some more. She agreed to see a marriage counselor with me and to work on our relationship after this 5hr conversation today. I am happy that there is hope. I love her more than anyone could love a person. I love her more than my own life. I would sacrifice myself in a heartbeat for her. I just needed to vent a little. Thanks