Everyone I know goes awayI'm a 23M using a separate account for this confession because, like so many men my age, I hide my true feelings from the outside world. I've been suffering with depression and anxiety for as long as I can remember, it comes and goes, keeping myself busy keeps me out of my own head. 

On evenings where I don't work the next day I drink, sometimes heavily but often just enough to close the shutters down between me and the outside world, I'm a happy drunk and so, in a way, I've connected drinking with happiness, I know its a crude connection but it is what it is. 

"Everyone I know goes away, in the end" a line from the song Hurt, not the Johnny Cash version but the Nine Inch Nails version, perfectly sums up my depressive episodes. Why is that? It seems like everyone I know and care about goes away. Any girl I've ever been with, a whole boat load of my old friends and a fair few newer ones I barely had chance to appreciate, people I would've given the world to if only they had had the vision to share it with me, vanished into an abyss of social obscurity. One of my close friends has moved away and I now feel more alone than ever, stuck in my own bubble of refuge. 

"Try to kill it all away, but I remember everything" how this song and I so often entangle ourselves together, I remember it all, the mistakes, the regrets, my failures and my inadequacies, missed opportunities. The way i push those close to me away; its easier to let go of the world when you think no-one is watching because then you don't hurt anyone when you eventually decide to pack it all in. 

Its strange, not to know why you carry on, drifting from one day to the next like a jellyfish caught in the tides, working toward the end of the day, then the weekend, then the new month, then a public holiday or event in an endless cycle. 

Days turn to weeks turn to months turn to years, on it goes, the train journey of life... so who is going to kick up a fuss if you jump off at an earlier stop? Will it really make any difference to the world? Why live if you don't know why you're living?