I don't like livingI've always found it kind of great how if we bother others with our problems, they can just choose to ignore us since we are being so dark and negative. I've been ignored and told off many times. I struggle every day with thoughts that haunt me, I think of taking my own life, I'm filled with so much hate and negative thinking. I hate myself, I have no self-confidence and no self-esteem. I think I'm the most boring person on planet earth, I can't even enjoy hobbies or conversation, as every day seems like a massive chore, even typing this is boring me and making me exhausted. I've been to therapy, I've been on 6 different medications, they make me feel slightly less depressed, but they numb me even more to the existence that is daily life. It's funny that if we choose to take our lives, then people will show up to the funeral "heartbroken" and "crushed" when we bothered them with our problems while alive, we were too much negativity for their life. I've always thought this to be very ironic. The human race is very selfish at it's core, and can you blame people? I wouldn't want to listen to me either. I put a smile on my face each and every day just so people think I'm staying happy and "living life" but I'm really not, I fucking hate waking up in the morning knowing I'm not dead. I've contemplated many different methods of suicide, and I think the thing that kills me the most is knowing that there isn't a 100% fool-proof method, guess which fuckhead would probably be the one who would end up surviving with horrible injuries? I don't even feel empathy anymore, I seriously have to fake it. I was at my parents house a couple weeks back and my mom was telling me about how my sister has been really sick and not feeling well. I feel like such a piece of shit, but I honestly didn't care, I had to pretend it bothered me. Co-workers and other family members have also tried to tell me similar stuff about people they know, and I can bet almost anyone else would have empathy for the situation, and I just don't. It's not that I'm happy or sad.. I just don't... care. I feel nothing, empty, not happy, not sad, just depleted. I'm tired of life, I wish assisted suicide for the mentally ill was legal. I don't give a flying fuck if people think I'm weak, I know I'm weak, just let me end it with certainty I won't get disabled and we can both have what we want. 