I don't know how to continue in life.I've posted here once before, but I guess that I didn't give much information. I still don't know the best way to spell it all out. It's like my thoughts aren't real. Everything inside my brain feels disconnected. I'm sorry if this ends up coming across as nonsense. I don't know where else to try for advice. Basically, I have no one. I am so lonely all the time I just don't know what to do with myself. My dad wants me to move back in with him, but we haven't really talked about alot of the reasons he kicked me out in the first place. We get along fine now, but I just think if I move back in with him things will get bad again. Then again, I feel like I don't have much of a choice. I can't stay here with my grandparents anymore and I don't have the cash to be on my own. That's another thing. I'm 20 and I have no idea what to with my life. I know people say this is a common problem, but how the fuck is that supposed to help? My girlfriend broke up with me not too long ago. I feel as though she was the only positive thing in my life. I still love her and I can not stop thinking about her. I know her mind is made up though. She said she felt like she failed me. This could not be further from the truth. She was the only positive thing in my life. I have material possessions and am not dirt poor, but I don't give a shit about any of that. I want her back. I want friends. It isn't just that I'm socially awkward. I get aggressive and turn into an asshole for absolutely no reason. I regret it even while I'm doing it, but I can't help it. I used to have friends. I don't know what happened. I feel like my entire life needs a revamp, but death seems so much simpler. It is no contest. I started college this semester, but I don't know what I'm doing. I can't keep up with assignments. I can't do anything. I write fiction and music, but no one cares about any of it. It's so hard to get any kind of feedback. I want it so bad, but it's as if you're asking for a kidney sometimes. And I understand where people are coming from there. It is exhausting to ask of people sometimes. Besides, I haven't been as satisfied with my writing in a long time. The band is going nowhere. It's just me and a drummer anyway. We used to be good friends. We are still pals I guess, but things aren't the same. I miss her so much. I miss other girls too. I've fucked up every romantic interest I've ever had. It may almost seem methodical to the ones on the outside looking in. Why shouldn't I kill myself? It's the only way I see to end this. I hate my job. I don't want to go in tonight. I won't be able to pull my weight anyway. I'll just slow everyone else down. When I'm in a good mood, I can out-scan everyone in the building. When I'm like this, it's just hopeless. What do I do? I have no idea.