Told friends and parents i'm depressed, not being taken seriously.I'm extremely suicidal and have tried to hint to my friends and family I am, the thing is i've never been straight forward and said "I want to kill myself", but i'll say stuff like "Nothing is going to get better, the older I get the worse it gets, I have no prospects in life", I have joked to my friends about killing myself but I'm not joking, when I say it I'm being deadly serious but they dont know that. A couple of months ago I got news that my dog had died, my 19 year old fucking pup that has lived longer than I have, I considered her my sibling, when I was younger she always picked me up from school on her own, crazy right? I'm not saying i'm suicidal because of a dog because i've been suicidal for years now, but when I got the news I couldn't cry, I felt numb, and the guilt set in, I was feeling guilty because I couldn't cry, I was feeling guilty about all the times i'd shouted at her, I felt like a bad person. So I straight up dug my nails into my arm and went at it for a good 2 minutes straight, there was blood everywhere and I have a huge scar up my arm now. I cried, I dunno if it was because of the pain or my baby girl passing but I felt better that i'd cried. 

The reason i'm telling you this is because a few weeks later at a party, I forgot about the scar and took my jacket off (something I rarely do), one of my friends noticed it and seemed concerned, I said I caught it on the side of a table and joked about it. It got me thinking though, I've been depressed for years and nobody ever seemed to care or ask, but the scar caught somebodies attention, for those few brief moments I was taken seriously. These past few weeks i've been considering getting a knife and carving the fuck outta my arm just so people might notice it and get me the help I need. I'll never admit to self harming, but maybe just maybe my friends or family might notice how deep into this shit I really I am...Either way, if I dont get the help I need i'm dead within the next year, i'm fucking sick of life, everything about it makes me feel physically ill. This is one of 3 sw posts i've made which tells me it's time quit bitching because this shit just aint working.