I'm tired of going onTwo hundred and twenty four. That's the number of days that have passed since my last attempt. I haven't had a day since where I haven't felt tempted to take my life again or another self destructive behavior.

Cutting. Starvation. Purposely putting myself in dangerous situations in hopes of dying because of it. 

I'm below my weight that I was when I checked into rehab because I have slowly been going down that hill again. 

Thyroid cancer. Depression. Anxeity. Purging. EDNOS. Getting struck by a truck by a driver who ran a red light. Everything. I'm tired of going on.

My family. What the fuck happened there? It's such a mess. I didn't start crying till just now. The slightest thought about them sends me to places I never want to be. I miss them. I'm jealous of people living their lives while sharing it with their brothers, sisters, aunts, parents, everything. 

What do I have?

A mother that wants me to die. My bio father is a slum bag. My dad just does whatever the fuck my mother says and has always made sure I was aware I wasnt his real fucking kid. Thanks, "dad". 

My mother hates me because I'm bi/gay. She's psychotic. But she's still my mother and I'll never forget the words and actions she has said.

My older brother beat me up and is in prison for attempted murder against me. My eldest brother abused me for several years, abused my family, used us and left us for dead. 

My eldest sister gave up on everyone and moved thousands of miles away with no contact for years now. I miss her.

My closest sibling, my sister Jade, I'm so sorry.  I miss you every fucking day. Why couldn't I have saved you. You had such a fucking bright future. You deserved better. I'll never forget that day. I hope there is an afterlife where we can meet again.

I wish I had a regular family.

To my ex best friend, yes, I was into you. Yes, I loved you. I let that destroy our friendship and all the good times we had together. I'm sorry. You deserved better. You didn't deserve all the rants, the 3 am conversations, everything. You deserved nothing but the best friend you wanted. I wasn't that. I hope you're doing amazing these days.

Kier. I'm sorry. I am broken. I wish I had never come back into your life with all my burdens and downfalls. You were innocent, precious, loving, caring, tender, and ever so sweet. You are full of energy and wisdom beyond your years. 

I love you. I miss you.

Alex. Alex... I miss you so much. You're my best friend online and there's no replacement or anything to help get over missing you. But you wanted space and I guess i overwhelmed you. You've helped me through countless bad nights. You always knew what to say. "If you love someone, let them go." Is what I'm following for you. 

I want nothing but the best for you, and if me not being close to you anymore means you're doing your best then that's ok because it means you're thriving and I would hinder that which I would never want.

Kasey. Don't let anyone ever get you down. You're pretty, sweet, gentle, smart, and everything else inbetween. You're going to ace anything life throws at you. Thank you for being my friend. May the force be with you and Sicheng.

Noona. You're everything to me. You're funny, quirky, sometimes (always) blunt, easy going, and wonderful. You deserve a great job. Amazing interactions with your favorites. Everything. Get out of this hell hole city we are in and thrive.

Hannah. You're like idk a sweet innocent bunny rabbit who is going to be the best nurse this country has ever seen. God loves you even when you send questionable photos from church service. Idk what to say except you are a perfect friend and i love you.

Pants, you're a rock star. You've been through so much hell and chaos but you are ever so bright and talented. Kind. Gentle. You'll be an amazing teacher.

Jayda, I hope TS7 is amazing. I hope you thrive. You're an amazing friend, we never spoke 1:1 much but I truly consider you a close friend.

Pablo, Joey, Lilo, Shelby, Aeo, abbas, adam, pilly... everyone, i love you all and you're amazing friends. You've always been there for me and we've had amazing times together. I wish the best for all of you.

I'm sorry.


I'm sitting in a room with a horrible migraine, crying, tired of living. I've been in countless psych programs before and they dont help honestly. The meds dont work. I dont know what to do.