I would love to die, but I'm afraid.Alright, so when 2016 began I promised myself that I would try to improve myself, to get good grades and to make friends all that that jazz.

And guess what? I can't. I fucking can't. I haven't even tried but I'm 100% sure that 2016 won't be a good year. I just can't see myself getting better or improving or anything alike. It just seems surreal to me.

I'm 16 now. I'm supposed to have friends, to be happy. I'm supposed to have a group of friends, and I'm supposed to be studying. I'm supposed to be happy with myself. And guess what? I'm afraid to talk to people, because I feel like they're gonna reject me or laugh at me. I've been feeling like shit ever since the year began. I can't study at all, and even if I "do", I feel like I'm gonna fail and repeat once again.

So, I have this counselor at school, and she and her assistant keep telling me that I'm doing better each day. But, I don't feel like I'm improving at all. I feel like all my classmates are really far ahead from me. It's easier for them because they don't have to PRETEND they're happy, and they don't have to lie to anyone. Meanwhile, I keep lying to both my parents, my counselor and my school's counselor. I can't tell them the truth; I can't tell them that I feel like crap all the time, and I can't tell them about all my suicidal thoughts. They think I'm doing well but I'm not.

I do attend class and do the *best* I can, and I know I can do better, but I'm afraid I'm going to fail. Hell, when I fail a single exam I already feel like crap.

I've been really anxious and stressed lately thinking about my studies. I'm not going to talk too much about myself, but I'll just mention that I'm autistic and it just makes everything harder. I feel like I'm a burden to my parents, because they're doing lots of things for me and I just can't do anything right. I keep behaving like an asshole to them and I believe they don't want me around.

I can't explain at all how I feel because it's too much. I feel like a burden, I feel like nobody wants me around, I feel like my parents/teachers/counselors are disappointed on me, I feel like my classmates would be happy if I died. More like, I honestly feel like everyone would be happy if I died. Nothing would change at all; my father would still go to work, my teachers would still correct homework and my counselour would go back to her job.

I really don't care at all. People keep telling me that they would be sad if I died, but I honestly don't feel like they'd be sad. But, the thing is, as much I'd love to kill myself, or at least to harm myself, I'm afraid to. I know it's going to hurt, and I'm a really sensitive person. I want to cut, and I want to overdose, and lots of things more, but I'm just a fucking coward. I can't bring myself to hurt/injure myself.

I honestly don't know what to do. Lots of people tell me that I'll have a nice future, but I don't even know if I'll survive long enough.