so close but so far awayi'm  pretty sure i'm going to try and end it all tonight. sneak out the house, go to the park, whatnot. all i've got is a fucking ethernet cable, tied to perfection. i don't even think it'll work. but it's my best shot at ending all of the pain i feel. 

i want to say my life has been pretty swell, but if i'm honest. it hasn't. looking back on it, i think i've always known this. that's why i actually tried to attempt twice before, i guess. i was still young and stupid, so i thought i could suffocate myself if i wrapped myself in blankets. or if i laid my head in the sink for long enough, i could drown myself. i guess things have never been alright, and i've just deluded myself my entire life. it feels like the illusion is breaking down now.

that's why i feel like such shit right now. Although, I bet to an outsider there's nothing wrong. I've got loving family and friends. People say i look attractive, or that i'm smart, or that i'm funny. Still, i feel like such a disappointing failure, and i really have no hope that my life will get better. i'm just too anxious about everything, second guessing myself and avoiding everyone that cares about me because I feel like i've disappointed them too. i've lost so many people along the way, tossed them like trash onto a sidewalk because i was so caught up in my own fucking insecurities and flaws that in my constant panic i could never give them the proper friendship they've deserved.

i can't focus on anything important, either. i throw it all away for short term pleasures.  i can't be bothered to handle my responsibilities anymore. i was so close to getting help, too. my mom is looking into meeting with a neurologist so we can both talk to him about if i can get medication for my adhd/depression/ etc... but i really don't feel like i can take another day of feeling so shitty. so useless. so guilty. so broken. so i'm posting this here right now. 

i think i'm going to try to make my last day a good day. might as well leave the earth feeling like i at least made an effort, you know?