Reasons to Live?I feel as if I have nothing else to truly live for. For the longest time I haven't killed myself because I didn't want to hurt people who cared about me. But now I just don't care anymore. I wake up every morning and feel empty inside.

Allow myself to explain how I got to this point. In the seventh grade I was repeatedly molested by another student in a grade above me. It went on until mid second semester. It only ended due to a school proctor and I broke down in front of her which led to his eventual expulsion. (After a report and investigation was made.) After this I found myself isolated from my friends as being this was a very publicized event among the school. When I approached some of friends about this they said I was gross now and selfish because he was such a cool guy and I had to go and get him expelled. My mom was also very upset with me. She said I allowed it to happen. I probably enjoyed it and craved the attention. And now she had to deal with being viewed badly and it was all my fault. I became the tainted girl. At home and at school. And this name has followed me as I went on to highschool. 

My freshman year a friend of mine committed suicide around the same time my Tía passed away and both of their deaths absolutely devastated me. I felt even more alobe than I ever did and my relationship with both my parents was steadily declining. I was always the source of all her problems and in my dad eyes I was a constant failure and would amount to nothing. I remember him telling me I would most likely be flipping burgers for the rest of my life because I'm incapable of doing anything else. In my sophomore year another friend of mine was brutally murdered by her brother. I loved her with all my being and she had her life stolen from her. I also saw her twin sister lose all the life in her eyes. At the end of the school year I told my mom I was feeling suicidal and she said she would get me a bowl of pills if I wanted. And she hopes I would be happy of her having to play the role of the grieving mother. Junior year was pretty uneventful. I didn't feel like I was alive anymore.


I'm now an 18 yr old female going into my senior year of high school in a new school being that my dad moved us out of state. The few friends I had ripped away from me. I feel completely isolated and terrified of what my parents are going to do next. There's nothing that can convince me that they care about me at all so I know they'll be fine. 
(I attempted to move out but both my parents completely sabatoged it by hiding all my legal papers and what I realize now used my siblings to manipulate me into staying with them.)

I would feel bad for leaving my siblings behind but my parents love them so they will be fine. 
I have friends but knowing my parents they would never know I died unless I personally devised a way to send a message to them. 
I have a boyfriend but almost certain he doesn't love me. Almost being a key word being that it's just a small hope that he would be the one person to ever actually love me. 


The only real reason I have not done it yet is because I have been unable to locate my method of choice. I know no one truly loves me. And I'm isolated from the people that cared. My old therapist once told me to list all reasons why life is worth living but now I have nothing. I know I sound pessimistic but I genuinely don't see the positives anymore. When I try to imagine a future passed all this, I don't see anything.

I do believe in God and if I get to met him I want to ask him why it all turned out like this.