Kind of Feel Bad for Not WritingI'm unsure if this post really belongs here, but after I thought about it I think it fits. 

I've been pretty much done with this life for a long time. MDD since birth and never properly medicated. I'm now 25M and the fuck ups are stacked taller than I am. I've tried killing myself once, but someone or something thought it'd be a lot more entertaining if I didn't go. So here I am. 

I've been planning attempt number two for about a month now. I was extremely confident in this one and felt like it was finally going to be over. However, I remembered how scared I was and how I almost backed out the first time. Then this kind of apathy set in and now I can't even muster up the want to kill myself. So instead I'm just going to disappear. 

I've always wanted to live a simple life in the wilderness of the  US, but never thought I would until I was older and more successful. Since that's off the table, I figure I'll do it now and disappear; two birds with one stone. I never got around to taking all the wilderness survival classes I wanted to (I'm experienced by a couple years, but in no way a pro), so I figure I'll probably die of exposure or starvation this winter anyways. 
My reason for posting this, though, is that in my original plan I was going to write some sincere letters to people who were close to me and my immediate family. Once I started writing them, though, I felt like it might be a tad too much for their recipients. So now I'm thinking no letters. Now that decision makes me feel awful, too.

I want my best friend to know how much I appreciate him and want him to move on after I disappear. I want this girl to know how I really feel about her. I want my mom to know there's nothing she could have done, and to take care of herself. My brother and sister to know I'm sorry for ditching them. My dad to know he's an asshole. My stepmom to know she was as good a mom as my real one. I just don't want all of them to know about my years of suffering and that they'll never see me again. 

Any advice or alternatives?