Does seeing old acquaintances/friends ever make anyone really depressed?I used to hang out with a group of friends and we'd participate in various social activities, volunteer, play volleyball, have a few beers, and have fun.

Most of them work for the same company. Many of them tried to help me find work, but nothing ever panned out. Now they are all still employed, but moreover they've remained friends.

I left the group for two reasons. One reason was to join a choir, which unfortunately practices the day most of them get together. The second reason was because I've currently been out of work for over a year.

---

A while back I turned to alcoholism. My drinking increased and I was killing bottles of whiskey at home on the computer. I hadn't seen them in months.

A few months ago, I started getting my act back together. I'm in much better shape than I was even when I first started hanging out with them. I haven't consistently been around people for a while though, so I'm really uncomfortable in public now.


I saw these friends earlier today at an event. Instead of saying hi or being social, I slunk in the shadows. Leaning against a wall. Eventually I went and joined my family, and I think they saw me, but it leads me to two conclusions...

1) They either saw me and thought, why didn't he say hello...

2) Or they've forgotten about me because I really was never that important.

---

I'm still unemployed, still singing, still single, still friendless.

People like to laugh at people in my situation, but it's not fun. I have a good education, and my degree was from an excellent school... but none of that ever seemed to matter.

----

I find that going out in public isn't fun. I've become a recluse/shut in. I don't know how to break the cycle, but I'm starting to become increasingly depressed, which means I'm either going to start drinking heavily again... or something worse will happen.

I'm really sad right now though. I hope you all are doing better.

---

I forgot to add that one of the reasons I started drinking was because I knew it would damage me physically. I want to be completely numb, to kill all pain, but at the same time I want to simply fade away.

I've become a ghost. I am a shell of a human being, and only a shadow of what I once was. I used to be active, fun, involved... I was never happy, and I always had problems of some sort. They were manageable back then though. They were something I could deal with because better times were right around the corner.


Well I am around the corner, I've been past it many times, and I've seen nothing better than what it currently is. I don't know what to do, all I know is that every day is drowned in booze, or video games, or pointless activities, or other pursuits.

My favorite time of life right now is to be asleep and dreaming. When I'm dreaming I often imagine myself happy, back among people, and living well. I see instances and scenarios that really are dreams of mine. Then I wake up and realize none of it was real.