I'll never be as happy as I was when I was littleI just don't feel like I see any point in anything anymore if I can't be happy. 

I don't really know where to start, or what I'm doing, but here I go.

I'm very shy and private-I think I always have been- and I don't ever feel really comfortable talking to people I'm not really familiar with. Even online, I'm pretty much always a lurker. As a result, I only have a handful of people I feel like I can go to when I'm feeling depressed. And I just feel like I bring the people I love down all the time. I'm so needy but I have nothing to offer. I'm like a child and I don't understand why I even have the few friends I do.

My dog is dying. He has a cancerous lump that's enormous, and has been growing for about a year and a half now. I know not everyone will understand, and I'm not trying to equate this with losing a human being, but losing my dog is really, really hard. He's been my constant friend since I was 3 years old (I'm 19 now), he moved with me from one country to another, and he's always been so gentle and sweet. I know he'll be gone soon and I'm trying so hard to prepare myself but today on the train I finally just started crying. I imagined what it would be like never to get to hug him again and it was torture. I'm away from home right now so I'm sitting here in my dorm hugging my stuffed animal like an infant pretending its him.

On top of it, my anxiety has gotten out of control. I've always had it but I think college has made it much, much worse. I'm very rarely cheerful. I'm happiest when I imagine what I want my future to be like. Silly things like pretending I'm best friends with Quentin Tarantino or that I write for the Daily Show. I feel like my imagination has been able to sustain me for 19 years but I'm old enough now to realize those things will probably never happen, and right now I don't feel like I have anything that makes me as happy as my stupid Mary Sue dreams that wont ever come true.

I used to want to be a writer but more and more I feel like I have nothing to say, and no motivation to try. Ironically, I really want to write comedy, because it's the stuff that's always made me happiest, but I just don't think I have the ability to make others as happy as comedy has made me. So even watching things that used to make me laugh feels painful.

There's so many things I want to do, but more and more I'm realizing I'm not nearly as special as I wish I were. Aside from being a good comfort to my mom (she's been depressed since her best friend of 36 years died a few years back) there's nothing I feel like I can do. I used to dream so big and for the past few years I've been forced to come to terms with how small I really am. And I just don't see the point of living for probably decades more if I'll never be as happy as I was when I was, like, 5 years old and going to Disney for the first time. I just don't think I'm cut out for it.

I'm sorry this is so long, and I don't really know what I want from this, I just felt the need to write something. I don't want to bother my friends anymore.