Nothing could fix thisThe only thought rotating within my head is ''I need to die'' 

Nothing really provides pleasure/enjoyment enymore. Not even music to the extent that it has before, and that I would like it to. Sugar helps a little, alcohol helps more. 

Every day is a living hell, stuck here in the basement alone. Every time I go out it is unpleasant. The sun is too hot, burns my skin and blinds my eyes. The ground is hard, my legs weak. My body is falling apart. I am constantly reminded of other people and they all seem to have a purpose, at least they're going somewhere. Even if they're also wandering aimlessly, at least they have something to their lives surely? Value.
--
Fun. More friends, a school, a workplace. Lack of crippling anxiety nearly every second of every day. Seeing other people reminds me of how pointless and empty my existence is, and of how lonely I really am.

I blast music, I feel nothing. My temple is crumbling. My teeth are fucked. There's no reason to do anything about it, it'll all be the same still after, and I'll have lost much of my energy for the day. Showering or using the bathroom is a major thing for me. I shower every day, and for a long while, due to my obsessive compulsive disorder.

Why doesn't anyone contact me, I mean, why don't more people do it, and why so rarely? I can't discount the few good friends I have, but seeing brief snapshots of their lives and exchanging a word or ten a day won't help me much. I have a constant craving for socialization, but no one can match it. I can't remember the last time anyone really took the time to try to talk to me for a bit. Despite it being all I want them to do. One interaction (longer than a minute or two) could save my day. I see my friends every other week on average, I'd estimate. Not enough. The space between hangouts is enough to send me spiraling into deep depression. The depression only really fucks off when I'm drinking. foul

School is over, and my life is too. I got zero grades last year, my attendance was low. Maybe an hour or two, a few times a week - at most. I always felt disconnected while there. I couldn't join in on conversations, I watched from a distance, even if that distance was a foot. They never really tried to include me. School starts this fall, but I won't be going. I'm still limited by my compulsions and my obsessions. I hated the place too, when I visited. I don't like it, or the idea of it, at all. I don't see a future where I'm not dead.

My room is getting dusty. This has been going on for as long as I can remember. People know, they just don't do anything. These drugs aren't helping me, and I've tried a handful of them. No one can help me.

Try.