How much more of thisBirthdays matter to me.

I don’t know why I feel so ashamed of that. I feel like everyone around me acts like it’s an incredibly childish thing to take birthdays seriously, but they’ve always been important to me. Not just my own, but everyone else’s as well. I always go out of my way to make sure I think of an incredibly personable gift for people close to me, and I always make sure to send a message or give a call to make sure they know I care about them. In my mind, you always talk to the people that matter most to you on your birthday, because their sheer presence makes your day better, you know? The people you choose to talk to on YOUR day are the number one people in your life.

It kicks me in the teeth so fucking much. I wear my heart on my sleeve and it utterly destroys me. I do so much for other people because I just want them to do the same for me, but they never do. I feel like a selfish, greedy, shitty person that’s motivated by my own desires. But I LIKE to make other people happy. I also like to be made happy, and I feel like that never happens. I know in school all they talked about about was ’the golden rule’. You’re supposed to treat people like you want to be treated. I try really hard to be a good person, because I was a shitty kid. Doesn’t fucking matter, though.

There’s so much big trauma in my life, but I’m just the Queen of Small Moments. All of my hurt that keeps me up every night, is there when I take another hit, swallowing me whole sobbing on the carpet, it’s all small things people have said or done. I feel so fucking stupid. I remember when my ex told me that my hair was better before, even after knowing how much any sort of small comment about how I look digs at me like a fucking knife, and I’ve never forgotten it. I remember being told that I’m too much of an emotional burden for anyone to ever love me, and how true that is. I remember all the times people told me you’re not supposed to celebrate birthdays after you get out of preschool, and how much it stung. They’re not even big deals, so why do they destroy me? I feel like being raped, sexually abused, neglected, are far more impactful, but yet my brain just spins and spins on the inane comments. 

I swing between extreme levels of apathy and empathy. The latter is the fucking worst. I read one remotely emotional thing and I start to sob. I’d throw myself into a vat of hot oil if it meant it would make someone feel better. I don't bring anything else to the world. I'm not talented or smart. I set myself up for being let down. 

I remember ever since I was 12, I told myself I would kill myself when I became an ’adult’. I’ve never wanted to deal with it. Not ever. I’m fucking tired of people telling me, ’welcome to the adult world’. I FUCKING KNOW WHAT IT IS. I’m not dense. I knew what it was. Get up, go to work, come home, be tired, go to sleep, wake up, go to work. On your days off, you have shit to take care of. Not that I ever have. I never wanted to pay bills. I never wanted to wake up in an empty apartment and buy groceries. I never want to blink and be 30 and realize I’ve done fucking nothing. I’ve always said I would fuck around in my teenage years, and then kill myself, but I’ve even failed that. I’ve spent the entirety of that time being damn miserable, in and out of hospitals, in and out of explosive relationships as a live grenade. I've tried to kill myself before, but it's never enough.

I think most people would be seriously happy with my job, maybe even my life. For the first time in my life, genuinely the first, I feel so appreciated. Everyday I’m told I’m doing a good job, that I’m smart, a ’breath of fresh air’. It feels good for ten seconds. Today, the head chef took my aside to tell me how truly impressed he was, and that he didn’t want to lose me, and that if I ever had any problems he wanted me to go to him and he would address it. I got a raise, which is something I never expected to happen. I’m due for a review in three months, and he told me that if I kept what I’m doing now, my hourly would go up another dollar.

Like, what the fuck? Shouldn’t I be happy right now? I’m not. My birthday’s in a week. I get to spend 12 hours working alone in the back of a kitchen, and then go home to nothing again. Normally I would at least go out with my dad, but he’s not even here anymore. My last birthday ever, and it’s the same thing it will always be. I don’t have any friends. The last time I had a party, I was 6. No one’s going to message me. No one’s going to come with something personable and true to the heart. Because NO ONE FUCKING CARES. They never have. I don’t love myself, because there is nothing to love, so why would anyone else? I don’t know why it surprises me. 

I’m an ’adult’ now. I hate it, just like I always thought I would. I’m not meant to be alive. There’s so much shit wrong with my brain, I feel like one of those people that just reads about a mental illness on Wikipedia and decides it’s them. The only way I can even do my job at all is a fuckton of drugs. Even then, it doesn’t matter. I’m crashing just as I always do. I’ll turn around and never show up again. I’m trying so hard to make an impact on someone’s life, somewhere, so at least there’s something left behind.

I’m so fucking sad. I told myself I wouldn’t cry at work, not like at my last job, but I finally broke down today. No one noticed, but I feel like a jackass anyways. All I can do is lay on the floor and cry. I’d love to just slip into another manic episode, believe myself to be an apostle of death or some sort of god, but it doesn’t even matter. I’m sure I could swing around, then swing back, then swing around again, and again, and again. But I’ve never wanted to live past this, not ever. I don’t know how anyone is ever genuinely happy, it just doesn’t make any sense to me.

I really wanted to drive my body into the ground, just work myself to death like some sort of model citizen. I don’t know if I will or not. I don’t know what I’ll do, at all. I don’t want my birthday to come up. The sadness I feel over it is causing me so much guilt, which in turn creates more sadness, which creates more guilt. I’m so fucking broken. I don’t want to spend another birthday with a reminder of the extent of how alone I really am. That no one is going to care about me like I care about them. I really don’t. It makes me want to scream.  I hate and I’m sad. I want it to be over, for good. I always did. Even in death I’m fucking pathetic. I was never meant to exist; I’m like an albino deer, never meant to breathe beyond to be an easy kill. I fucking hate everything that I am. I hate that my brain is so not-normal I can’t even comprehend why someone would enjoy life. I just want death to come. I want to die in my sleep, have a heart attack when no one’s around. Just let it fucking end.
