Pathetic. [bit of a rant, and not sure if it's the right place to post]After reading others' posts on here about their actual depression, hard times, and good reasons for wanting to end things, it makes me think that I should wait until I have a legitimate reason for being sad until I post something. 

It's quite sad really. I should be happy, I mean, I have so many things going for me right now that a lot of people don't. So many of you are worse off than I am, that it makes me feel like a pathetic asshole for 'pouting' or 'whining'. I feel like an ass for wanting to end things, to want to get away when I have such a 'wonderful life' that others would kill for (possibly. I actually hate talking about how much I do) I'm an Eagle Scout, a budding artist, a musician, an athlete, and the list goes on.. Am I that much of a selfish ass that I don't appreciate these things? Why am I not happy when I should be? 

I've been denying that I've been sad for.. hell I can't remember. Too long. All the things that I used to do to that made me 'happy' just don't cut it anymore. My friends seem to be distancing themselves from me (or maybe i'm distancing myself from them?) and I feel alone. True that I ended a year long relationship a few months ago, but I feel that it's just another thing to 'whine' about and isn't a good enough reason to be sad. I should just get over it, right? True that I've also been questioning my sexuality, but I don't even want to think about that.. I can't afford to think about that. 

I don't know why I'm sad. I've been trying to ignore it for so long, but it's gotten worse to the point of me wanting to kill myself, and I think about it frequently. I can't afford to be sad. I have work to do, school to keep up with, relationships (both professional and non-professional) to maintain.. I'm a sophomore in high school and I can't afford to slip up because 'boo hoo, I'm sad'..

**TL;DR** I feel like a giant asshole for being sad and wanting to end things when I am very fortunate to have a 'good' life that others don't have. 