I've been thinking of suicide constantly nowadaysI'm 20 and a junior in college who basically fucked up his entire life. I made the stupid decision of doing my 2 first two years of college at community college even though I attended a school that was basically made to prepare me for university. Back then, I was retarded that I didn't even realize this so I thought it would be fine doing CC, but now I see that really I just made those previous 4 years of high school a completely moot. Also I wanted to use these 2 years I had at Community College to try to get better at art in order to get into my University's animation major, but of course I didn't do that either. Instead, I wasted so much time doing dumb shit like binge eat, gaining 40+ pounds, and blowing all my savings on junk food. I never interacted with any of peers at CC, so I have no career connections and honestly it isn't going much better at the University I transferred to. So with the portfolio review for animation program coming up in about 3 months and my skills still not at the level where they need to be. Not to mention being overweight, having no connections/friends, and still struggling with eating addiction I've basically realized that I've fucked up my life beyond repair. I could've gone to a great school and not been this way but instead I was too stupid to realize what I a good thing my high school was doing for me. And the sad part was is that I was actually a pretty good student in high school, if I just studied a little harder things could've gone great for me. But now, I graduated from Community College with a 3.1 gpa and no valuable career prospects to get an internship this summer. I either have a year or two left in the university I'm currently attending, and with not that many options left I have honestly debated about driving up to my city's bridge and throwing myself off of it. It just seriously feels there's really no hope left for me, and that I've fucked up beyond repair. What am I going to tell my parents when they see that I'm not getting any jobs or internships, they're going to know that something went wrong. 