Mom attempted suicide this weekendxpost from /r/twoxchromosomes

My mom attempted suicide this weekend. On Friday she took 60 Ativans all at once and expected not to wake up. She left a note. My parents have been going through a difficult divorce and she cited this as the reason for what she did. She took the pills Friday, and was apparently passed out (or comatose, we'll never know) all day Saturday. I live with her usually but I was at my Dad's for the weekend.

I got a weird text (unintelligible) from her Sunday morning and remembered that she had been prescribed this Ativan on Thursday and was worried she was going to try to drive, so I headed home at 6:30 AM and that was when I found her and took her to the hospital.
I guess basically I'm still in crisis control mode. Because my parents are separated and my siblings are either far away or minors, I was the one in control of the whole situation, or trying to be. I think I still have the adrenaline thing going on. I haven't cried yet. I feel like some sort of professional trying to deal with this from the outside. I don't even know what I feel except pretty angry, which I guess is natural. I'm angry that she felt the need to end her life and that she knew I would be the one to find her.

If I'm all numb now...does that mean I'm going to have a breakdown later? I don't want to. I mean, truly, is it healthy for me to feel this disconnected? I feel like everyone around me is crying and everything and I feel almost nothing, or like my body is trying to protect me from the truth. I remember when one of my friends died, his brother dealt with it kind of the same way and he's all fucked up now. I don't want that to happen.

My mom is in a psych ward for now until they release her. She is trying to bust out of there ASAP. I don't want her to but she has her rights and after 48 hours she can do whatever she wants if the doctors deem her well enough to check out.

**Edit** I think it is finally starting to set in now, but slowly. I went in to work today but had to leave 2 hours early because my brain just kind of shut off and I put my head on my desk and stared for awhile. I work with special needs kids and knew I couldn't have a breakdown in front of them. Haven't had a breakdown yet but I will definitely get some sleep. And I'm actually kind of thinking I shouldn't be driving, as weird as that sounds. It was very hard for me to focus on the road and I felt nervous not going reeeeeeally slow.

Right now I just really want to go after the idiot psychiatrist who prescribed her 60 Adivans (a new medication for her) without having physically seen her in 3 months. Just called in the prescriptions. The psych won't answer my calls or messages and I'm sure it's because she is worried about losing her license.