Can I just get some stuff off my chest?I'm relatively young, been depressed/suicidal for about 3 years. I've never told anybody about it and I fear that makes it a lot worse. My biggest fear in life would be telling someone and them not believing me. They would think I am too young to understand something as deep and complex as depression, but until they cry themselves to sleep at night, THEY are the ones who don't understand. I just feel like writing about it on here and telling anyone will help a little. 

I don't know if I would ever actually commit suicide. I don't know if I would be able to put my family through it. I just feel as if in 20 years, I will look back with regret that I never did it. I don't have many friends, only one that actually cares about me, and I feel like we've grown apart without her even realizing it. I'm not good looking, there's no need to comment telling me I am. I'm ugly and I've realized and accepted it by now. My brother goes out and parties with his friends and has been since he was my age. He criticizes me for not being like him, I'd rather stay at home playing Halo or studying than being out drinking. I get good grades in school and I live an okay life. 

I just feel like something is wrong. There's no purpose of me living. I'm not contributing to society in any way, I hate being around people, and I feel like I've fucked up anything I've ever laid eyes on. There's a gap in my life, that really can't be filled. 

I think my switch to Atheism and the discovery of Reddit also contributed to my depression. I feel like there's no one to help me, I'm not working to get into an eternal "heaven," I have no one to comfort me in the event of a family death or misfortune. I'm just living, no purpose, no reason, I'm just here. If I didn't have family to worry about, I would've been dead three years ago, and I feel like that shouldn't hold me back. I shouldn't have to suffer because of them, but I do. 

I could tell my friend about it, but I've had fears and nightmares that she would reject me and think I'm weird, that there is something wrong with me. I'm tearing as I write this, so I'll stop. You don't have to comment, and if you read this far, thank you. I just needed to write this somewhere. 

EDIT: Posting this has taken some weight off of my shoulders. Although I feel on the verge on an anxiety attack because I want to physically tell someone, but I don't know who.