I just don't care anymore.Never cared really, now that I think about it. "Cared about what?" You may ask, and my answer would be everything. Friends, family, ambitions (made up to appease my parents), goals, everything imaginable, and looking back it isn't hard to see why. I can say, beyond a shadow of a doubt, that I have never done anything noteworthy in my life, ever. I work out, and my body looks the same year after a year. I study, and I get the same damn grades I always get (high grades, albeit, but school is fucking useless anyway). I practice a sport, and I never get any better at it. I instantly fail any sort of mental acrobatics I try (once again, besides academia, if it could even be considered such), and don't even get me started on my social life. I don't have a single friend I could call close, let alone a female friend or a girlfriend (Forever alone, woo?). At this point I just trudge along in university, half listening to lectures and wondering what it would be like to actually feel something in life. To be human. All the people around me seem to be doing such a good job of it.

To this end I still don't know why I'm posting this. Some sort of release, so I know that there are people out there who actually know I'm depressed? Neither my friends nor my family know, I'm not close enough with either to tell them, and all my mom would do is bitch at me about how much of a pussy I am anyway. My dad probably wouldn't give a shit, but not without lack of trying. I found that he's like me, but maybe he's come to terms with this accursed apathy? Something like that, but maybe without all the flowery wording.

The thing that unsettles me though, is how I can be thinking like this when, objectively speaking, my life is average. The most traumatic thing that ever happened to me was light bullying while I was in elementary and middle school, but I seriously doubt that would make me hate myself this much. My parents love me, even if they hate each other, I live in a white middle class suburban home, I went to a normal elementary school, moved, went to a normal middle school, graduated, went to a normal high school, graduated that too, and here I am, 18 years old, a virgin, without a single accomplishment to my name and contemplating suicide. Where did it all go so horribly wrong? Why don't I feel like doing anything? Why don't I have any motivation to do *anything*?

Can't expect you guys to answer that though, so I'll cut my mindless rambling short here. It is actually nice to get this off my chest, even if it is to internet strangers. Probably the wrong word for it, since I don't really feel anything anyway, but you could say it's cathartic.

**TL;DR**: I don't like me, I don't give a fuck (in the worst ways), I can't do anything right, and I don't know what went wrong.