Time to throw my reddit account in the trash (not that I'll be around to use it anymore) with the silliest post of all time no one cares about, but oh well.I'm 14. I love my life. Or, I used to... I still value my life, but I don't want to be depressed in the future, so why not end it now? Basically, this is probably the silliest reason to commit suicide , it isn't as serious as "my girlfriend committed suicide" or "I was bullied for 20 years". My reason is that I couldn't submit my homework... yup. Lemme explain. Basically, the whole Corona thing happened, so, my school gave us quarantine and no classes but they gave us homework and called it summer vacations. I was fine with it.. I was doing homework. But then, I got corona itself. I was very sick and stuff, so I put aside my homework and bed-rid myself. In the end, I couldn't complete any of my homework of any subject and that was that, I wrote a "I'm sorry" letter, and that was that. Then normal classes came and I learnt that loads of kids couldn't submit a few subjects (not like me who didn't submit either) cause of their own reasons... that was fair enough and I felt better about myself. Then, it happened. My school gave me a call saying I was to complete my homework in 3 weeks.. a work that's worth THREE MONTHS! I have to submit it 2 days from now... I've tried my best, but I couldn't even do one subject in the time I had. on top of the normal online classes and it's homework Now, I had another call. Cambridge board (I study in O'levels) will be giving me the final grade based on it. So, I'm gonna get a straight round zero. That means, I can't get into a good university, no good job, no good salary, no good life. I'll be living a life of misery cause OF THE STUPID VIRUS (no, not Corona, CAMBRIDGE). Better to just kill myself now. I had that epiphany right now. Stop me before I go insane. I've thought of a way to do it... HELP ME, I'M GOING CRAZY! I've given up on finishing the homework.. it's just impossible, I'm seeing my plans my life going down the drain in front of my eyes.