Just letting it out I guess. Maybe looking to see what you guys think about it?Hi everyone. So as the title says I'm letting it out and kind of telling my story in short so beware this could be kind of long. I appreciate any help or comments thank you. 
So I'm 15 years old in turning 16 in a month. I have a girlfriend but she's halfway across the country which sucks. Ive bedn dating her for a little over a year. I love her. Atleast that's what I feel. Some may say I'm too young and whatnot but that's how I feel about her right now. I've had a pretty normal childhood I guess. I have never heard of me having any medical records with any problems in my body or brain or psychological problems although I've had many temper tantrums and still do. For this my parents.. Well I don't even know. They just aren't understanding at all and always scream at me "what the hell is wrong with you your crazy!". Because of these tantrums I have times where I cry I hit myself I punch things break things throw things and all this. My patents I really dont like them. I don't tell them anything and I keep what I tell them to a minimum I just spend my days alone in the basement playing guitar surfing YouTube or out alone riding my bike I like to bmx. I don't have many friends. I talk to a few people sometimes but I don't even know what to say to them. I'd say I have two friends. Including my girlfriend. My friend I can't really talk to jimmabout anything except funny movies and video games. My girlfriend knows everything about me. As for school I hate it. It depresses me. I'm an okay student last year I got a C two As and the rest Bs in my classes although I never really study but it's never enough for my parents. I tell them that compared to most people I have way better grades and they tell me not to compare myself to people although they always compare me to this ex-best friend I use to have who studies alot and is in AP classes and they always say why can't I be like him and stuff and they say "why couldnt I have had an Alex or a Jason" (those were sons of family friends who do really good ik school) my dad made me go caddying this summer and I went two times and the second I almost got heat exaustion and I couldn't take it mentally either. Lately I just can't take life I don't know why. I'm so done with it. I started cutting myself in December although I am not a very strong cutter and I stopped cutting to stop my girlfriend from worrying about two months ago. In a way I guess I've self harmed for a few years with hitting and hair pulling. Last year towards the end of the school year I hit I guess what I could call depression and I was pretty miserable mentally (miserable compared to how I've been my whole life) and after school during summer I was still like that even though there was no stress from finals or homework which I didn't even study for or do at the end and I start junior year in two week and I'm already hitting that depression again. I'm very antisocial and just feel better alone without having to deal with people plus I don't fit in at all here. My girlfriend and my fear of pain is what is keeping me on earth I guess. I can't leave her. I think she loves me too and I don't want to do that to her. As for everyone else I know: F them. I don't care about them. I'm very tired of this world and I hate it. I see human beings as destroyers. By the way I self loath alot. I hate what the earth has come to and I just don't enjoy life at all except the time I'm on my bike and talking to my girl. I don't want to deal with school anymore I don't want to grow up I never even wanted to get this old I don't want to work and no I'm not good enough to ride my bike for a living and I don't want to deal with anything in life but my girl and riding my bike. I'm full of it. Im very tired of living. I've been contemplating suicide for about a year maybe 2 but I don't think I have it in me. Well.. Just like I thought I didn't have cutting in me. But yeah I think I covered most of it. If you got this far thank you for reading my story and I'm sorry if I wasted your time.