I feel like committing suicide even though I'm not that suicidal in the first placeI fucking hate pain and whenever I get into a really depressive state, or god forbid I have to lie in bed for three fucking hours because I'm on my period (I know I should see a doctor), I just want to get the fuck out of it. I don't want to experience it. And I've been thinking lately, maybe I'm depressed again, and other things just start fucking up and it's like why is my life worth living? I've had anger issues my whole life, everyone was afraid of me so I never grew out of my shyness, I never formed confidence, my mom had to fucking die when I was 10, I have no one in real life to comfort me (I've been hung up on that for years and I know it's fucking retarded), my only friends (unless you count this guy I talk to at lunch that I barely know) are on the Internet, my dreams got crushed when I was 15 by acting like a fucking idiot (and I have no idea to describe that event in ways people will understand), I have 0 ability to talk to unfamiliar people and look like a normal person at the same time, and yeah sure maybe I'm going off on a tangent on how much my life has sucked to this point, but my point is nothing's ever been that fucking bad. I could've been raped. (pssh I don't even take care of myself, how would that happen) I could've been born into a family that's homeless. I could've...you get the idea. But damn it.

I don't see any hope for the future and I could be waking up everyday with a protruding urge to kill myself but I don't have that, I just feel like doing this crap because I want to start over in a new damn body and I want to actually build assertiveness this time, I'm a stupid fucking pushover and I hardly do anything anymore. I know I can just try becoming more confident and all that now but where do I start in a high school with 3000 kids? Place is too crowded. I don't fit in. Everyone here is stupid. What's the point?

I'm not going to fucking commit suicide but I sure as hell want to even when I know I don't feel that shitty

Who writes this shit