Personal Finance Worsening SII finally did it, I finally unsubscribed to r/personalfinance. But not before that sub kind of knocked me down and I’m struggling to get back up. 

I subbed to personal finance a while back, because I thought it would be responsible and helpful advice, but it’s really just worsened my anxiety and a thread last night made me so much worse. It was a thread about someone’s fiancé having a lot of student debt and there were so many people in the thread telling OP their fiancé was stupid, telling them not to get married, to leave the relationship and it just really set me off. 

I’m 27. Single. In a field where it’s unlikely I’ll ever make a ton of money. Big student loans from undergrad because I was stupid at 18. (In graduate school but with very small loans, almost entirely funded and 0 other debt, no car loan, no credit card debt). I don’t have the skills or intent to transfer into something more lucrative. I want to be in a relationship, I want to have kids. I already struggle with feeling “worthy” of anything and this thread just really made that worse. I feel like I don’t deserve a partner, don’t deserve a family because of my past financial mistakes, which I’ll be paying off for a long time. It’s super easy for my brain to make the jump to “not deserving of love, just give up.”

And the phrases they use, it’s like each one rings in my head like “it’s all over, just give up.” Calling things a “financial death sentence”. Begging OP not to have kids. I feel like last night it all just really sunk in and even though I did the right thing and removed myself from that situation, I can’t seem to shake it. 

Note: I don’t feel like I’m in a severe crisis or anything. It’s more that I have persistent low level SI that was made significantly worse by that thread. I have a very supportive and loving family, but both of my parents have had suicide in their immediate family (one a sibling, the other a parent) and they take it very, very seriously. Which ironically makes it more difficult to talk to them about this low level SI because I’m afraid they’re going to take it as a crisis. And I’m the oldest, and don’t want to burden my younger siblings with this. (But on the flip side, I also know I can’t burden them with my actual suicide, because I’ve seen what it did to my parent who lost their sibling.) But yeah while they’re very supportive and I can talk to them about almost anything, can’t talk to them about this. So I’m taking it to strangers on the internet!

I also don’t want it to seem like I’m blaming r/personalfinance. Yeah some of their users were saying some pretty horrible things, but it’s totally on me to curate my online experience, to make sure I avoid things that make my mental health worse. That sub has provided me with some great budgeting advice in the past, I’m definitely not blaming them! 

Thanks for listening, strangers &lt;3 