I shouldn't feel this way, but I just...do.I recently finished my sophomore year of college, and it's my summer break. It should be a time for celebration, friends, and the sun; yet I've been feeling horribly despondent on the inside. My depression isn't something that's recently come up either.

I've been struggling with the loss of my mother for a couple years. She raised me as a single mother, so she was especially someone special. The years since haven't been that great either. 

In addition to this, ever since I entered college I've had an existential crisis of sorts, in that I feel like my life has no meaning, and it makes me question why I am even in college. I have neither any passions for academic subjects nor do have any career aspirations. I don't even have any useful skills for the real world. All I can do is play video games, watch TV, and paraphrase textbooks for essays. It makes me scared that when I finish college in two years, I have to be thrust into the real world and fend for myself when I don't even feel like an adult at all.  

Moreover, recently I had my first romantic relationship utterly demolished. I know it's stupid to be sad over a girl and that there are always more people, but this just feels different to me. I had never met a person that was romantically interested in me until I met this girl. I met her when I entered college, and I'd considered her one of my best friends. Yet, it's come up recently that she was never attracted to me as a boyfriend, but only sought to use me for sex while she waited to get back with an ex-boyfriend. Worst of all, she feels no remorse and doesn't even want to talk to me anymore. Our relationship or what I thought of it had lasted a few months too, so to hear that one of my best friends had been using me too only seems to add salt to my wounds. 

It feels like my world is falling all around me. I feel like I just want to...die. I know it's stupid for me to feel like this; I'm a man, and I should act like one, but goddamn it, my facade can only last so long. Nobody really knows that I feel like my life is worthless. To my friends and others around me, I'm a laid back, relatively happy guy with a very successful academic record (I'm set to graduate with a double major and minor), but the thing is, I'm just doing school work that I'm good at getting good grades at, not because I like it. In essence, everything feels like busy work, and I want to end it.

Yet, I know I shouldn't feel this way. What can I do? 
(Sorry for rambling on. I don't know who else to tell other than strangers, I guess.)