i feel like i’m five mistakes away from just killing myselfi just feel like i keep fucking up. i submitted my hours for work late so i’m not getting paid for ANOTHER two weeks, and my rent is due on thursday and my birthday is next weekend and i was hoping to ceebrate with my all of my best friends and i feel like i have to just call it off or something. i keep fucking up my job and submitting things late because my depression and anxiety is just getting so bad that i can’t focus. i hadn’t picked my classes yet for this semester which almost jeopardized my new job for the semester. 

i got followed with my friend in my town and the guy made death threats against us when we started crossing the street to get away, and i froze and forgot everything i knew and i feel like a HUGE dumbass, i had pepper spray and everything but i just couldn’t even think about anything. and it made it worse that people saw and heard what happened and didn’t help us, despite being a large group of men. i feel like that fucked with my ability to trust people. like what’s the point in even trying when it just feels like nobody’s going to try and help you when you’re in trouble? i feel so stupid for thinking i could count on people to do the right thing. i work down the street from where i got followed and i’m so scared to close there because i havento do it alone and throw trash in a bin that’s in a dark area and now i can barely deal with people popping up behind me without crying at work. like i let one person ruin so much for me and that’s just so painful to me. 

i couldn’t make my way around a city and kept doing things wrong and going the wrong places and just messing up and i just kept trying to ask for help and i just got mean looks and scoffs and that fucked with my trust as well, because i just didn’t know how to do anything.

i invited my friend to stay with me in that same city and we both came home with traumatic experiences AND she was late to her flight which feels like my fault for not getting up early enough or packing early enough. 

my boyfriend was supposed to visit (he’s 100 miles away) and i had to call it off because i’m a fuck up who doesn’t know how to be an adult and handle her finances or ask for help or do anything correctly.

and i just feel like feel like i can’t breathe right now and i’m just so suffocating by the weight of everything and every time i talk to people they don’t take me seriously because they think i’m just sad, because a person with a generally cheerly demeanor couldn’t deal with trauma and mental illness and suicidal ideations.

and the worst part of this is i just realize how fucking stupid this is, and how these aren’t huge set backs and i can bounce back, but i just feel like i don’t wanna do this anymore and i want to stop crying about everything but i just feel hopeless. and there are so many people dealing with much worse than me but it just feels like i’m messing everything up and i’m just so ashamed with myself. i’m just a waste of space and soon everyone’s gonna realize that and just leave me for being flakey, inconsistent, emotional, and just an overall hermit this summer.

and maybe i don’t want to die and i just feel trapped because i don’t want to worry anyone, to worry and i don’t know exactly how to cope with everything i’m feeling because it’s just compounding on itself. and maybe i just needed to let this out? i’m not even sure anymore.