I know this could stir up some mixed emotions and responses but truthfully, I need someone to tell me if deserve this.I’ve considered ending everything for about a week now. I’ve looked up the most efficient ways of ending my life and just been having a hard time deciding which one to go for as I don’t think this will ever end.

Three years ago I was consciously made aware of a sleeping condition I have, sexsomnia. This was most inflicted from childhood sexual abuse I suffered from.  All the while when people were slurring me and gas lighting me, calling me a pedophile. Around six years ago my brother said graphic remarks to me that never truly settled in until I realised that there could be a correlation between the name calling and my sleep condition. 

I had a complete breakdown and my parents sent me into the mental health services of which she destroyed the validity of word, made me a bad judge of character and tarnished my personality to the doctor.

During my time in their care, they fucked with me. The meds messed with me, they said very open to interpretation statements, then when I would try argue any of it, then would deny it and blame it on hallucinations. Which I do not suffer from, it has only been with the services that I’ve had this level of experiences. Until I called out my parents on everything.

It’s taken nearly six months of trying to get a straight answer out of them and they sway the conversation every time and just deny logic. From the services lack of proof of use of medication, to the physiological damage it’s given me and also the state it’s now put my head in.

My hypothesis, I did something in sleep that I can’t forgive myself for and my parents are pushing me to the limit as their denying helping me. The doctors diagnosis doesn’t match any symptoms I have whilst they don’t have any evidence or proof to support their claims on my mental state.

I need an honest opinion, do I deserve this? Am I bad person? I don’t have anyone I can turn to about this. The doctors have destroyed my state of mind to the point where I’m too scared to even talk to anyone anymore. It’s been three years of dealing with this and I can’t do it anymore.