I really hope it's okay that I'm submitting thisI've never been to this subreddit before. I know the right thing to do is read posts and get a feel for how things go here, but … I'm kinda not gonna do that. I read the guidelines on the right and I'm totally cool with those, so … here goes.

I'm not killing myself tonight.

That makes tonight around the 8,000th night I haven't killed myself. Counting from when I first had the urge, I mean, not, like, from birth. Still, I guess 8,000 nights is pretty good.

But tonight's different, and that's why I'm writing this. That's also why I didn't do the right thing and read posts first. Because tonight, just for a few minutes, I need to write and know that somebody will read it.

I'm not gonna get into details, but I've got some mood and behavior issues (surprise!). I've had 'em pretty under control for the past five years or so, not to break my arm patting myself on the back. But tonight — a few hours ago — something happened that *almost* set me back. I came as close as I've come in a long time to having what a doc once told me is called a "dissociative episode."

The short version is that sometimes I kind of … I dunno, crack in my brain or something. Lose control. Not in a violent, lose-your-temper way, but in the sense that I don't have control over my words and choices. I say mean things, or hurtful things, or just things that aren't true. Like I said, I've been good for about five years, but tonight I *almost* lost it.

And I've been screaming inside my head ever since.

Yeah, I've got a support system. Kinda. But because of dumb luck, tonight I'm on my own. So I've sorta got myself on suicide watch. Not that I'm in imminent danger or anything like that. Just that I *can't stop thinking about it,* and I don't want to try to sleep because I know if I do I'm not gonna be able to control my thoughts.

That's why I'm writing. Helps me focus. Helps me stay calm. And I'm a weirdo in that I can't write unless I know somebody's gonna read it. I tried writing to *myself* earlier, see if I could trick myself into a calmer state, but it didn't work. So … yeah. I guess I'm unburdening myself on … you. Whoever's out there reading this.

I'm okay. Seriously. I'm not scared of myself tonight or anything. I'm just really upset and disappointed in myself, and the self-loathing is *strong* tonight, so … yeah.

If anybody wants to reply to this, I'd appreciate it. But I don't *need* it. Not in crisis; don't feel obligated or anything. Since this is about as anonymous as it gets, I guess, if anybody wants to hear about what happened specifically, I suppose I could try talking about it. Don't know if that would help me sort out my feelings or if it would just give me an excuse to wallow in 'em. Not sure.

So basically what I'm saying right now is … thank you for letting me use this space to focus myself for a minute. It helped a little, I think. Course, now I'm done typing, and that means I'm starting to think all those ugly thoughts again, so that stinks. But for a moment, this helped me feel a little better. So thank you very much for reading.