Suicidal thoughts, and extremely overhwhelmedI'm going to apologize in advance for the wall of text I'm about to write. I will try to be concise as I can but it might be all over the place as my mind is scattered at the moment. 

To keep it short, I don't really have a support system. I was raised by my grand mother and she died 6 years ago. I don't know my father and my mother is a drug addict. I live in a home with my ex-girlfriend and her family because they feel sorry for me once my mother got us evicted from my previous home due to her drug use.

I just really feel in over my head. I can't even cry anymore because there's just numbness, and it seems like if I'm not having suicidal thoughts then I'm angry at myself and I just overflowing with rage. 

I tried to commit suicide last year by drinking myself to death but I woke up and that about the time I moved in with the family that I currently rent from. I had reached out to a therapist during this time but I couldn't afford to continue going to her. So I moved into with the people that I currently live with because they would help me to get on my feet. 

When I moved in, there was no real agreement on anything except that I would pay 30% of what I make as rent. I was initially fine with this and I got a job the week that I moved in and started paying from my first paycheck. I was pretty emotional when I moved back and they would scold me about keeping my room clean or moving anything around in it (because the room I rent used to be their other daughters who moved out) and they would constantly threaten to kick me out if I didn't abide by their rules. I know that they're in the right but it just seemed harsh at the time. Also, the owners of the house didn't communicate about when I would pay the rent. I would pay it to the wife and she wouldn't tell the husband. The husband would then proceed to text me nonstop until he got confirmation that I had paid the rent and sometimes would even text me obsurd dead lines like "you pay rent on the 15th and the 29th" Even though they're aware of my paydates being the 1st and the 15th. Additionally, When I moved in they had promised me one of their old vehicles once I got my license reinstated. (It was suspended due to unpaid tickets.) But unfortunately one day, I woke up to go to school and I had happened to ask the wife to give me a ride. When I got into the car the husband was with us and informed me that we'd be going to pick and pull (a car junkyard and parts exchange) to pick up money for the car that he promised me. It was kind of awkward to say the least because the husband didn't expect me to be in the car and I think that he felt ashamed. I assumed that he was just going to have his wife tell me that he'd decided to get rid of the car. He promptly told me that once I got my license that they would assist me in getting a vehicle or allow me to use one of their cars. It just hurt my feelings because a month later I got my license back and he had gotten ~$200 for a working car. I told him that I would've just paid him that much, but he never really addressed it again. Once I received my license, they then told me I couldn't use any of their cars because I didn't have insurance. Well, I couldn't insure myself under one of their cars and they said that they wouldn't add me to their insurance because it would raise their rates and they "know I couldn't pay the difference". Honestly I know that I'm being ungrateful but I've just been told lies by a lot of people in my life constantly, all the way back to when my mother would call me while she was high and promise to come visit me and never show up. It just really hurts and it makes me feel like I can't believe anything that anyone says and it makes me not want to trust anyone more then I already do. I just have a hard time believing what anyone says.

Lately I've just been so overhwhelmed. Since I moved in here I've worked 3-4 jobs while taking 12+ units in school and biking ~50 miles a week to get places. I don't really get encouragement from the people I live with, but only scolding. That I don't clean my room enough or I don't try hard enough to save money and I know all of these things but I'm just so tired all the time from the travel and the stress of work and school and the little money I have left over to buy food for myself. I don't eat well and it's gotten worse since I've been depressed. I rarely eat enough a day, and there's not really food within the house. I can't really shop to buy any food  because the fridge is full and I can't have food in my room so if I buy food for snacks or something to go then it gets eaten.

I know that I make excuses and that's all I really do. I'm full of excuses and unfulfilled potential. I'm really good at pushing people away and hurting others. 

I had horrible teeth growing up and my grandmother was a compulsive smoker who smoked inside the house and I was teased relentlessly growing up for smelling like smoke and not being able to close my mouth. I didn't really have friends and I've always been the outsider. At home and in public, because my grandmothers health deteriorated and I had to move in with friends of the family who just made me clean up after their kids and tell me that I wasn't apart of their family while verbally and sometimes physically abusing me.

I guess I bring that all up because I've just had this life filled with pain and tragedy and I just don't see the purpose in continuing it. I just don't want to struggle anymore and be constantly reminded that I'm on the outside and I'm not special and I'm not good at anything and I lack the motivation to follow through or be good at anything so what do I have to look forward to. I could never ask someone to take on that kind of darkness because it would be too much for someone else to bear, all of the sadnesss and pain that I've been through and how unpredictable and sometimes malicious that it makes me. I don't want to put anyone through that, and who could love someone like that. Who's so broken purposeless and lost. I wouldn't want to love someone like that so I don't expect someone else to. 

I come from the poorest of poor circumstances, and I'm not smart. I'm 26 and still trying to transfer to a four year college because I promised my grandmother that I would. My major? Graphics design but I'm not talented in that at all and that will just lead me to more poverty and unhappiness. I really just don't understand what motivates people to live? Whats the purpose? 

I used to love video games and now it really doesn't fill the void. I used to be religious but it stopped making sense to me and the people I was closest to became hypocritical and I left that behind. I used to love to play guitar until I just didn't feel like I was progressing. I used to love to sing but I don't really have a good voice and I didn't really see improvement practicing. I used to love to play basketball but I'm just kind of a joke at that. I used to like to design and then I just gave up on that because I really just didn't feel that good at it. I just give up on shit too soon and I can't follow through. 

I know that I vicitimize myself, I know that I make too many excuses and I lie sometimes. I've hurt others and I get too angry sometimes and I say things I don't mean. I'm really ditzy sometimes in addition to being extremely forgetfull and sometimess really dense. I just feel that I was meant to be on the outside looking in.

I really feel like if I just keep living it will only get worse. I watched my grandmother slowly die from lupus and congestive heart failure while slowly smoking herself into that grave. I watched her give up on anything that she cared about and push nearly everyone else away from her and I feel like I'm heading down the same path.  I heard my mother yell at me when she was drunk and tell me that she wished she'd aborted me. I listened to her tell me that I'd never meet my father because he ran the brothel she worked at and raped her. 

I just don't really feel like I have any reason to live anymore. I just make excuses and constantly don't measure up. Where would I fit in life? I don't think that I'm strong enough to find my own place. There's people in much worse conditions then me and probably don't complain nearly as much which just makes me feel even more worthless. I know that I'm just this big victim and crybaby and I've gotten pity my whole life but not a lot of people have just loved me for me and not pitied me for my circumstance. 

I can't even remember the last time that someone asked me how I was and really meant it or opened their ear to listen to how I felt instead of just telling me that I should keep trying because it will be worth it? or that theyve been through what I have and they made it out just fine but I dont' think that I've ever met one person who's been through as much as me, I've met people who've  haven't been through as much, people that I grew up with and theyre addicted to drugs or drinking and that's all they really do.

I'm sorry for rambling but I think that I just wanted it throw it out there somewhere to say that I did. If you've read the entire thing and you have a perspective that might help or even resources in California that someone who is low income might be able to utilize I am open to pretty much anything. Though I've tried the scaling price and most of the time I really didn't feel like it helped. I was talked at and told solutions and not really listened to. I don't understand how someone can help me if they don't know anything about me. I honestly don't know why I'm reaching out but probably just because I'm too much of a coward to really actually hang myself. Sorry to be so dramatic but I'm just trying to be open as possible so when this is read it's a real glimpse into my mind. 

Again, thanks for reading my wall of text