Just need someone to listenI hate myself, and everyone around me. I'm depressed and I know it. I think my friends know it as well but never mentioned to me about it because who would want to carry that burden and it'd be really awkward, or they just don't know. Other than that, no one knows, including my parents. And it frustrates me. But this post is probably going to frustrate you too (because you'll realize that I exaggerate things and it's not as bad as you thought), so take a seat, grab some tea, if you're willing to read it all. I apologize in advance.

I don't know where to start. All my life my mom has basically told me to get good marks. And it's really tiring to try that hard all the time, to get straight A's, especially on things that don't matter. And if I don't, I'm a let down etc. My brother on the other hand gets 60s (or lower) and 70s if he's lucky. My parents say I should be lucky to be smart like I am but I disagree. My brother is so carefree and plays games literally every second of his life if he's not at school. If I get caught on my phone from watching a few videos, my mom (forgot the word) rants about how I'm "addicted" to my phone. My mom complains about me all the time. If I don't do the dishes, that's something to complain about, etc. And I don't say anything back but she works really hard and she's basically the backbone of the family so she's under a lot of stress all the time. But in my mind I get sick and tired. My parents tell me to do a lot more things than my brother does, and if I say something about it, I get told, "stop complaining, we raised you since you were young and this is how you repay us?" or, "because you a girl and that's what girls do." And that's such a crappy answer because my brother doesn't even do the yard work or "what boys do." But guess I complain too much :c. I'll be touching on this later too. Because of this I have these outbursts where I want to die and I yell at my parents and argue. Lately it's becoming more frequent. Sometimes my mom calls me a devil, demon, devil's child etc., she also says that I'm killing her and stuff. It really hurts because everything I do wrong is weighed a lot more heavier than what I do right. I don't remember any happy memories and only remember the bad ones. I can't remember memories from 1-11 or I have fragments of those years. I have a horrible sense of time so something that happened a few days ago I think happened a few months ago or something like that. I'm a contraception of everyone's expectations. I'm stressed and I want to die. My parents, I am a straight A student, my friends I'm a shy yet social person, I'm negative yet positive, realistic yet submerged in my own fantasies. If I didn't have anyone around me, I would be a shell of a person. I try so hard to be perfect even when I know it doesn't exist and I beat myself up for it. There are countless nights I've reflected and all those memories haunt back to me, all my mistakes that remind me that I'm not perfect. I'm crying as I write this because I realize how broken I am. I'm not smart. My mistakes stand out 100x more than what I do right. I'm a sensitive brat. I take criticism way more personally than I should. This whole thread is just me complaining. I hate living. I cry myself to sleep some days and hope I never wake up but every day I do. It pains for me to live, but it'd pain others if I'd die. But that's just my personal life, let's start talking about my school life.

I think my friends think I'm a spoiled brat. I think I convinced myself that I have a low self-esteem but I just have a high ego. I don't apologize often-actually yes I do. But I'm extremely petty. I jump to conclusions too often. I hold grudges way too often and other people's opinions affect me a lot. I'm not spoiled. I worked hard to get what I have. I compare a lot too, let me show you how. My brother, who like I said before sucks at school, gets a new laptop by doing nothing why I have to work my butt off to get good marks to get a laptop. It sucks. Why do I have to work hard when he doesn't? Why do I have go through those nights of no sleep but he doesn't? I know the world is unfair. I'm not fit to be in this world. I'm sorry that I'm ranting again, just need to get this off my chest. I had to research what laptop I would like, the specs and everything. My brother didn't do anything. I had to do that for him. I'm angry. I know that's selfish, and I should be grateful that my parents could even afford a laptop. But I can't help it. If I don't do it, my mom says, I can't even do this little thing for her, that I'm selfish. My brother can't even search something up on google. Anything tech related goes through me because my brother can't google it or "doesn't know how." He "doesn't know how" to wash the dishes even. I want to be ignorant like him. Because his life is happy (well, he also receives a fair share of yelling etc.). Mine is not. I bet my friends think I got the laptop because I'm spoiled, that I live in a big house etc. But that's not true. I know it isn't. But I ask myself why do I have to prove it to them? Why do I conclude that my friends think that? Why do I think of the worse all the time? I drop many hints to my friends that I need someone to talk to but they don't pick it up. I make jokes about my depression because it makes me feel like my life is a joke. 

I think most of this is actually personal/family life, so I'll go back to that. I know I talk like my mom is the worse, but keep in mind I'm really sensitive and I tend to over blow things so maybe that's why I'm depressed.  My mom provides me with my physical needs but not my mental needs. She's busy all the time. My two brothers (one older one younger) are a pain. My parents say I'm too mean to both of them. But they irritate me. Both of them are stupid and it's irritating. My baby brother ruins my things and I have to clean it up. When I yell at him my parents remind me that I was much worse when I was little har har har. But I can smell it, my baby brother is becoming a spoiled brat before my eyes, and they are doing nothing to stop it. Whatever, it's not my problem anymore. (But how could I not be annoyed?) I'm afraid of physical pain, well a lot of people are. So I'll be more specific. I'm afraid of contact-sports. Basketballs, soccerballs I'm really afraid of them. Not sure if it's a traumatic experience but I freeze up when I hear the bouncing sound of a basketball. I "sense" the danger and it gets worse when that sound gets louder. I'm a mess. I'm afraid of the dark but love it at the same time. I want to die but I want to live. I shouldn't be complaining. Other people have a lot worse than me. I should be grateful, but I'm not. I have a good life, but I want to die. My parents argue too much, they yell a lot. I'm in my room all day because of that, but it doesn't help. I still hear it. I still hear when they yell. My mom said a few days ago (?) during one of my outbursts, "Have you ever seen another child that acts like that towards their parents?" My brother said, "Only in movies." I wanted to say, "I wish my life were a movie because it'd end." I also want to say that I yell because they yell. My mom says "I can't yell because it's rude, I can't swear because it's not ladylike." But she does it. All the time. She doesn't think about my mental state, I think it's obvious that children take on their parents, and if that's the behavior they show me, it will rub on me eventually. Also, like I said, I'm in my room all day. My mom says I should come down more often, I come down and my brother tells me to go back upstairs because I yell too much. I want to say nasty things. It's hypocritical. You can't have both, choose one. Last thing, my mom says that I should go into IB, but I don't want to. She says it's my decision but I know it's not. I said I don't want to do it and she says "what about my future?" or whatever. I'm in gifted at the moment, it ends in grade 10 and she "doesn't like the idea of me going into mainstream." Because I'll become stupid like them. I just want to let her know, that I may not have a future. She makes excuses on my excuses on why I don't want to go into IB. There isn't a choice. I plan for my future, thinking I will have a good life, but I realize that if I keep thinking about the future, my present will slip away. I don't think I will have a future. I know this post is all over the place, I'm having one of my outbursts again and I just need to let it out. I don't want to live anymore. I've thought about it. And there isn't a point to live. I've told other people, "the meaning of life is for you to define it." But I can't even follow that myself. I'm a hypocrite. 

There isn't a point to live. I hate living. I have people who are living. I hate people. We destroy the environment too much, there's so many problems caused by us. I know why people say ignorance is a bliss. I see people in the comment section say that if one thinks there are so many problems caused by humans, why don't they just die? So it'd be one less human to cause pain to the world. I agree. I want to start off that chain. I know it's selfish for me to die. They say it's selfish for people to leave their loved ones behind. But it also works the other way around because they're selfish for keeping me alive just so they don't feel pain. They say suicide is cowardly too, but I think it's pretty brave to murder yourself. I've been fighting for a long time now, and in a week's worth of time I'd probably forget about this. Thinking my life is so happy, then having these outbursts that say otherwise. I can't remember when I started feeling like this, probably in grade 4... I can't get help because I just don't like sharing feelings to people in real life. I like the idea of me behind a computer screen, anonymous. If you're still reading I'd like to thank you for reading this. I just need someone to know how I'm feeling. I know that I'm not alone, with my depression and stuff, but I feel alone. It's cold. I've had this throat pain for a while now, maybe this is a thyroid issue, I've heard that can cause depression. I dunno. I'm tired, I want to sleep forever. Thanks guys for reading, it makes me feel a bit better that someone read it, that someone understands. I have a lot more to say, I'm sorry that I put this burden of knowing someone's sob story on you. I'm sorry for wanting to die, I'm sorry for being a let down, for being a devil. I'm sorry. bye.