I’m an intelligent person and I know how to escape my situation but I can’t escape myself or the choices I make. I am my own worst enemy and that’s why I pray for a brutal death to get back at myself.Sup guys. I’m here right now because I just need to vent and commiserate.

I’m 23M. Indian-American. Reasonably good looking, professionally successful, financially in good/bad shape (more on that later), socially in good/bad shape (ditto), have great family support, and in general am fairly privileged.

I despise myself though, and I’m trapped in a bubble of horrible choices I repeatedly make for myself. I feel like I’m being held hostage by myself and I don’t know what to do anymore besides wish for death - and at that, a particularly brutal and violent one because I want to inflict as much damage on this “other” me that keeps me in a constant state of torment.

Mental illness-wise, I have bipolar disorder type 2 which I refuse to keep in check. 

Ok. Let’s begin.

My family is fantastic and supportive. As a member of a “model minority” with high standards, I destroyed school. I went to a T-10 Public School on a full scholarship on top of which I earned $70k in National Merit money. I got a solid degree, and am working at a highly prestigious innovation think tank for the largest payer in the nation (healthcare). I intend to pursue medical school after this and have been assured I will be a shoe-in at top programs. I live in a cool city. I’m in shape, I’m supposedly good-looking and attract a fair bit of attention. I have cool hobbies that people are often in awe of. I have great friends who add value to my life. I’m intellectually curious and can hold a conversation with anyone about anything. I have good EQ and can navigate social situations well.

But I couldn’t be more dissatisfied and frustrated with myself. My executive skills are absolute shite - I do everything by the seat of my pants and without planning or forethought which places me in bad situations. Most recently I missed a flight (I routinely miss flights) for a fun trip and missed half the trip on top of which I paid a rebooking fee. I’m constantly falling behind at work, which is a fast-paced environment. Similarly, I earned a position with a high-impact research journal and was awaiting info from them but then just let it slide. Even though they forgot to reach out to me, I doubt they’ll want me back since I too didn’t reach back out to them. I’ve previously been fired from a research lab because I was playing fast and loose (showing up late, leaving early, showing up in shorts, showing up high off my ass - being high or in shorts wasn’t addressed but I’m confiding that in you). I’m burning through money like anything. I miss breakfast in the morning so I eat at Dunkin Donuts followed by lunch at Chipotle followed by a 2-3 course meal from a restaurant at dinner. On average I’m spending $600-$800/month on food alone. Funnily enough: I swing back and forth between blowing money on food to not eating for an entire day or two straight (I’ve always had problems with eating - I find it infuriating that eating is necessary, takes time, and costs money. At the peak of my depression I lost 37lbs in 3 months). This means I can’t keep an exercise routine going because I don’t have energy (I love exercising but I don’t have the discipline to maintain a routine longer than a week - in 5 years of weightlifting I’ve made little to no progress). I don’t take my medication (lamictal and abilify) because in my head when I miss them I’m like, well what’s the fucking point now? So I keep missing it. I’ve been off for weeks now, before which I probably took it for a week or two, before which I missed it for a month straight. I barely go to my psychiatrist and therapy appointments even though I find them deeply beneficial because I’m lazy, uncommitted, and because it’s hard with my work schedule. Oh, I haven’t paid any of the medical bills I’ve gotten in the mail either. I get a speed trap ticket or red light ticket at least once a week, which contributes to burning through cash (my insurance rates have exploded because of two car accidents I’ve been in along with a slew of speeding tickets in which I’ve been pulled over). I’ve been masturbating for 9 years straight, at least once a day. This keeps my libido at nonexistent levels coupled with damage from SSRI’s that I took earlier. This makes me feel bad because I don’t reciprocate the interest I receive and fuels the intimacy issues I already have from my first girlfriend cheating on me, from the repeated borderline sexual assault I suffered from a FWB, and long-standing insecurities about how as a minority guy I’m hideous and have a small penis. I don’t talk to my grandparents enough. The other day, without thinking at all, I burned $500 at a strip club when my account is already in dire straits (so - my parents are managing the 70k for me by investing it. I run my affairs on my salary, so at the moment my credit card bill is higher than what’s in my checking account). My roommate left a few weeks ago, and while I should’ve IMMEDIATELY or even proactively sought out someone to replace him, I’ve been sitting on my ass so I’ll just keep eating the entire rent check. I’ve made 0 friends in the new city I’m in, where I’ve been since March. Part of that is that I got complacent with my roommate, who negatively impacted my psyche because he was a slob (I’m a clean freak) who stayed at home. He got me into smoking cigarettes which I continue to smoke to this day (I started smoking around April/May - if I get lung cancer I’m not getting treatment for it, I’m committing suicide) despite HATING every aspect of it. They make me choke, they smell, and I hate myself right after. Thankfully I haven’t smoked weed in about two weeks, but I have an addiction to marijuana. In college, from sophomore year to senior year I more or less smoked weed all day every day. At one point I bought $10,000 worth of weed with the intention to sell it through a network of dealers. Despite having strong social intuition and being able to flip a switch to become extroverted and hypersocial, I’m deeply socially anxious. I lie a lot. On rare occasions I steal from stores (a single pen, and at most a $100 rug from Walmart). I usually barely sleep. I’ll make the choice to have back-to-back marathon masturbation sessions, or watch Netflix/Prime until 4-5AM and then pass out and get to work where I’m hazy and drowsy the rest of the day.

I feel absolutely powerless. My life is objectively so good and so easy. But I’m self-destructing and self-sabotaging at every step, so I’m always in fear of how I’m going to kick myself another rung down the ladder with a bad choice. This feeling of powerlessness is a function of *myself* because **I’m** the one making decisions that I’ll suffer the consequences of.

This leads me to the last point of my title: I’m constantly fantasizing about hanging myself from a power line, or slicing my forearms open or eating a shotgun blast or jumping into traffic. I want to go out with a bang in an immense way so that it’s a painful and magnificent death just as a fuck you to myself. I don’t know why I care, but it’d be cool for my friends and family to see how much I hated myself. Maybe I’m a fucking pussy for caring about that and not truly even worthy of making a post here since I’m “fake” suicidal and want to make a spectacle of it.

Does anyone have any advice?

**TL;DR: I’m a tyrant to myself and hold my life hostage through a never-ending stream of bad choices. I have no self-control, even though I know what *should* be done, so I can’t actually correct my life. Perpetually in a state of hopelessness as I watch myself make bad decision after bad decision and basically self-destruct. As my moods change I become more or less resilient. Currently am suicidal.**