If I don't get help this is going to kill me.Diagnosed type II bipolar. Suicidal for as long as I can remember with a few bouts of youthful energy and naivety to fuel some "better times"

 Welbutrin recently sent me further over the edge than I've ever been, and it was just a bad prescription from someone that I shouldn't have seen. Then a recent Jaded Indian quack at a nyc Medicaid place wrote me a prescription after 10 very quick impersonal minutes and then changed it when I questioned it. That didn't work and was too expensive and bad for my liver so I eventually quit taking it.

I can't afford real help and Medicaid help is bad from what I've experienced so far. I am calling them now to sign up for HIP For the second time regardless. 

I recently tried to get a new doctor and they "dropped the ball" on a situation that I needed handled and made getting to the actual doctor a nightmare so I lost ALL trust and interest in going there. 

I'm in lower Indiana near Cincinnati Ohio and I'm "stuck" here until my car is done being built and that project is just not keeping me interested in life anymore like it used to. 

My friends husband just killed himself and he was very much like me. It led us to get close ( "too close" whatever the fuck that actually means ) and now I'm pretty upset that I know I can't kill myself without it killing her as well. She has seen hard times but she wasn't groomed for the things she's suffering now and she still talks just like I do as of recently. Things like "I'm just tired" ," Why do I always have to be strong/the strong one" ," "____ and _____ are in my will to take my daughter, she will be fine". It's heart breaking...

And it's all got me super triggered and upset , along with about anything else. 

Long story short, I need to get real help that I can rely on and trust, or I'm going to lose the fight. It only takes one bad night and I've already been close twice. 

I unfortunately have this consciousness about not making plans or researching ways but I keep getting one step closer and knowing that is really sad and scary to the part of me that wants to live.

Tl;dr I'm 26 and I need a psychologist, therapist, and the right medicine asap or I'm going to die. 