I don’t know what to doI might kill myself. I want to die but I don’t want to kill myself because too many people would be hurt. Maybe I don’t want to die but I’m not afraid to and I can’t get away from my problems if I’m still alive. I’m failing high school. It’s my senior year. I have so much missing assignments and my learning disabilities make it so it takes me 2-3x longer than anyone else to get them done. I can’t get them done on time. I won’t graduate high school. Even if I do, I could apply to college but I’d probably flunk out. I could go to community college and stand a chance of not failing but my mom already made it clear that doing that would disappoint her. Even though my psychiatric evaluation and my neuropsychological evaluation both say I have learning disabilities and anxiety my school counselors still refuse to give me accommodations the psychiatrist asked for. I go to a public school and it’s one of the most rigorous in the country. They only teach for overachieving students. I can’t change schools because my brother is smart and does well at my high school. He shouldn’t have to move. And I can’t fail. If I fail my tutor will lose her job and she’s a single mom with 3 kids and a house on foreclosure and I’m the only student she tutors right now so she wouldn’t have enough money. But if I kill myself I would also hurt her. And if I kill myself I would hurt my boyfriend. He has depression and was hospitalized last year for having a suicide plan. I don’t want to hurt him. And I would hurt my parents. My dad is bipolar and an alcoholic even though I don’t live with him he’d find out and I can’t imagine how I’d hurt him. There’s no way out of this. I don’t want to do it, but I’m an impulsive person. When I was 11 in the middle of a panic attack I rode my bike off a cliff to see if I would die and not panic anymore. Last month I sat in my room with the right amount of pills to overdose in my hand paralyzed because I’ve always passively wanted to die as long as I can remember, since like 6 years old. There are two parts of my brain one part wants me to die and will go through with it any way possible the other part fights that urge because it knows that I’ll just make everyone around me suffer. One half is selfish the other half isn’t. So I don’t want to kill myself but I want to die. I’m afraid I will kill myself because I will act on that impulse. Halfway through school today I was sitting in math realizing I don’t understand any of it and the test is in two days. The quarter ends on the 19th after that is midterms. I’m failing because of missing work I can’t turn it in. In lunch I spent the first half in the bathroom crying because I realized I was going to kill myself tonight then the second half at a lunch table staring off into space. After lunch I packed my backpack from my locker and walked to my car in the parking lot and I’m in a fetal position under the blanket in my backseat if I drive somewhere I might crash and kill myself. If I drive home my stepdad is at home. I will get in trouble for skipping probably more detentions I’m late everyday and get lots of detention from that. I can’t go to the guidance counselor they will say go to class I can’t explain myself I’m so tense and I can’t speak. My teachers are all so mean because they know that I’m stupid and don’t turn in work. I can’t keep going to school here but I can’t drop out because my mom says I have to go to college. I’m out of time to improve my grades so I don’t fail. I have midterms next week I’m going to kill myself I don’t want to but I will anyway. I don’t have anything else I can do because I’m too weak to handle my life falling apart when I fail. 