I don’t know how much longer I can hold together.I’ve been feeling depressed for many years now, I’ve never been to a therapist or anything because I am extremely afraid of confrontation, asking for help, etc. Over the last few weeks, I didn’t feel absolutely horrible but I’m almost at my breaking point now.

I came out to my mom as FtM around 9 months ago and she wasn’t accepting, she told me I just wanted attention. Fast forward to September, she accepts me as her son and has been calling me by my preferred name. Yesterday, however, she looks through my recently deleted photos and finds pictures of my arm, and without even clicking on the picture she assumed they were dicks. She yelled at me about how I was a fake trans and I just wanted attention and I didn’t even have a fucking clue what was going on. She assumed that I was faking it and lying. She did not listen to a single thing I tried to say.

The only thing over the past few months that ever made me feel ok was that support she gave me. It’s gone. I’ll never get it back. No one in my family supports me.

 Before this all happened I was feeling really shitty and thought about killing myself a few times, but now I can’t stop thinking about it. I know exactly how I would do it, too:


I have a whole bottle of sleeping pills that I sometimes try to get high off of when I’m in a bad mood. Me being 100 lbs, if I took all of them I’d surely die. Since my mom goes to work at around 4-5am, I would take them as soon as she leaves (when she goes to my floor in the house I instantly wake up). I would skip school that day, and she’s been getting at home around 5 so by then, I’d be dead or passed out. If I’m lucky enough to pass out in my room with my door closed, I’ll be dead by the time she finds me.

I seriously don’t want to live anymore. I have no motivation to live anymore, and this isn’t my only problem right now. My mind cannot seem to grasp the concept of people caring about me. It’s physically impossible for me to imagine people mourning over my death. 

I can’t talk to anyone in real life about these problems, either. It’s not as easy as “Hey mom can I get a therapist” or whatever. She will probably tell me that I just want attention. I think I might actually kill myself next week.